Peter Dinklage is one of the main
characters on Game of Thrones he's
awesome on Game of Thrones he plays the
role of Tyrion and he's even more
awesome in real life now he is working
alongside animal rights activists
because of the issue of people going out
and purchasing husky dogs because they
want a dog that looks like the dire
wolves of Game of Thrones people are
goofy no Huskies are beautiful dogs so
there's always some demand for them
anyway but because of Game of Thrones
that demand certainly increased now
unfortunately people were buying these
dogs and then not realizing just how
much of a responsibility it is so now
animal shelters are noticing an increase
in Huskies that were abandoned
so Peter Dinklage wanted to say
something about this he said not only
does this hurt all the deserving
homeless dogs waiting for a chance at a
good homey shelters but shelters are
also reporting that many of these
Huskies are being abandoned as often
happens when dogs are brought on BOTS on
impulse without understanding their
needs
he also says if you're going to bring a
dog into your family make sure that
you're prepared for such a tremendous
responsibility and remember to always
always adopt from a shelter I love Peter
Dinklage okay so so do I in fact in the
last game of Thrones review we did on
what the flick we talked a lot about
Peter Dinklage and I think what a
difference he's made to little people
and how they're perceived in just that
role alone and he let alone all the
other great work that he's done and you
know he's his full name is Tyrion
Lannister or is he really a Lannister
why is the last review we did on
youtube.com slash what the flick show in
fact we'll put the link down below
because he might actually be a Targaryen
okay it's not a spoiler just watch it
and you'll see what we're talking about
anyway I think this whole story is wrong
the reason that Huskie demand is growing
up is because of wolf pack everybody's
going a wolf dash pack.com everyone and
they okay and that's really what's
happening but in
to make one serious point about this is
should you adapt from a shelter of
course I'm kind of you're so sweet I
mean no I mean look some of them have
been abused and they have some
behavioral problems and so it might be a
little more difficult to train them and
all that so I get that right but there's
so many sweet dogs out there that need a
home like the idea of go and look I
don't want anyone who has purchased a
dog to think I'm like sitting here
judging you and wagging my hand at you
or finger at you but just if you're
thinking about owning a pet or a dog
just go to a shelter just check your
shelter out first
and then make a decision I actually
don't I'm gonna go way further than you
the people who care about the lineage of
the dog aren't the kind of dog races
right like why do you care if it's a
Maltese this or a falcon mat or whatever
the hell it is and like no it's gotta be
this or that now just go to that find a
nice dog love it
okay those dogs are gonna get killed you
know so go to the shelter and I I did
the same thing here we Kiki Kat is from
a shelter yeah and now look I get
there's a slight downside they're like
oh he's a kitten and he was for like a
day he was a kitten and then he became
full-grown the next day that's okay he's
like he's a cute cat it's fine right
yeah yeah I mean that's definitely one
of the downsides because at I mean I
don't know if it's all shelters but I
certainly have that experience as well
where I was like I just want to make
sure that Charlie doesn't get too big
like I want him to like yeah but the
people who are in shelters are also the
best people on earth make sure they
always know like you said you got the
DNA test on your dog they don't always
know it's true they're kind of going off
of what they best no they're not I don't
know what their professional is in the
realm of but they work at itself as they
get dogs can come from wherever and they
don't have a back dog they tell you the
best they know and Jake I'm disappointed
in you it's fake populism about dogs and
get it from a shelter they're gonna die
I know what you say behind closed doors
about dogs you don't really like dogs
that's why you have a cat he's trying to
take two
this title of doggie haters no you got
an owner man you own that title now he's
got the belt
you don't believe they are okay listen
to me there's one thing I know it's that
animal sir that's right so to review
Peter Dinklage is awesome go to a pet
shelter and wolf dash pack.com help us
build independent media together come
join us
TYT Network calm /join
