see Bannon pulled a scrum uchi he called
up robert kuttner at the american
prospect that is a progressive magazine
and talked to him he didn't say it was
off the record
Steve Bannon is a politically savvy guy
he's dealt with the media forever he ran
a media organization Breitbart he knows
that if you're gonna talk off the record
you have to say off the record and he
didn't so I don't know what the hell's
going on in his head I don't know if
this is him psychologically just going
on forget it
he's already besieged and and Donald
Trump did not enthusiastically back him
the other day
there's calls for his firing he but he
calls in a kuttner and then says amazing
things some of which are against Trump's
wishes and some of which are against
specific people so let me get to it
first he ostensively called to talk
about China and North Korea cuz he
thought
Kutner was on the same side of him when
it comes to trade negotiations with
China I don't think that he understands
we're cutting our stands and even if
Kutner were to agree with him on trade
issues as he explained in the piece of
the American Prospect there will have a
link below you should read it he
certainly does not agree with Steve
Bennett on anything else and is not his
ally so at a bare minimum this was
incredibly foolish shouts the abandon
sparked so on that issue he says there's
no military solution to North Korea's
nuclear threats forget it until somebody
solves the part of the equation that
shows me that 10 million people in Seoul
don't die in the first 30 minutes from
conventional weapons I don't know what
you're talking about there's no military
solution here they got us now that is
directly contradictory of Donald Trump's
rhetoric and policy oh boy
that'll get you in trouble now on the
other hand it's one of the rare sensible
things I've ever heard
Steve ban and say it's a relief to know
that he recognizes that millions of
people would die in Seoul South Korea if
we were to attack North Korea so I hope
if Donald Trump is thinking of attacking
North Korea along with the generals and
everyone else in the administration
Steve Bennett says to him
hey knucklehead don't do it we'll lose
millions of people I hope he says but
that's not the important part that's not
the main issue he says the main issue is
quote the economic war with China is
quote everything so now I think that in
some ways we do need to get tougher on
China on the other hand starting an
economic war with them sounds like a
disastrous idea but do these guys look
like they're going to be able to be
tempered and and sagely figure out what
the right balance is so that we get a
better deal from China without starting
a trade war it certainly doesn't appear
to be the case okay
well now we get on to politics inside
the White House they say that you have
all these enemies in in the national
security organizations in the Treasury
Department among the top advisors to the
president he says on this issue about
how he's going to do this ploy to start
a trade war with China
he says port oh they're wetting
themselves what is with all the phallic
references with Trump's advisors okay
that is not gonna go over well but he's
about to make it worse when they say
well how about the people in foreign
policy you don't agree with you he says
quote I'm changing out people at East
Asian Defense I'm getting hawks in I'm
getting Susan Thornton acting head of
East Asian and Pacific affairs out at
state you have the power to do that I
thought the president does that so you
know how are they sometimes mockingly
call him president Bannon which TEFL
gets under Trump's skin well east this
is why they say that because he calls up
reporters like here's who I'm gonna fire
and not fire at the White House and on
the foreign policy team that puts you in
trouble dog Jesus this was incredibly
stupid if he if he did it on purpose
maybe this is three-dimensional chess
because in regular chess it looks like
he's about to get you know his it's
about to get checkmated and thrown out
of the office but we'll see Trump hasn't
fired him yet about the fights he says
within the White House he says that's a
fight I fight every day here we're still
fighting the
Treasury and National Economic Council
sherry Gary cone and Goldman Sachs
lobbying again here there's a kernel of
truth in what Steve Bannon is saying
Gary cone is from Goldman Sachs in fact
he was the CEO o of Goldman Sachs are
they lobbying to get tax cuts for
Goldman Sachs yes
are they lobbying to get special favors
to the bankers Goldman Sachs and the
financial industry yes is this smart
just say that you are going to try to
get the president's National Economic
Council chair fired to a liberal
reporter no that is not smart that is
likely to get you fired okay he says on
all these issues we've got to do this
the president's default position is to
do it but the apparatus is going crazy
don't get me wrong it's like everyday so
continue to talk about the fight and
saying that the president is on his side
we'll see about that
he said the Democrats the longer they
talk about identity politics I got him I
want them to talk about racism every day
if the left is focused on race and
identity and we go with economic
nationalism we can crush the Democrats
unfortunately there's a kernel of truth
in that statement as well which is that
economic nationalism is not necessarily
the correct economic policy but it does
appeal to people and unfortunately it
has deep appeal but the Democratic Party
is still going no no no I you know
Goldman Sachs is great and we probably
poor to pick Gary Cohen to and they're
supporting guys like Steve minuchin it
was a Treasury secretary it's a
disastrous idea and the reality is
economic nationalism whether it's right
or wrong can be politically popular
unfortunately he's right about that
and if all now identity politics are you
kidding me they're the guys who are he's
proudly the father of the all right
movement what is that that's identity
politics but at the same time if that's
the only thing you use on the right or
the left it's not necessarily a winning
strategy now when it comes to the white
nationalist
that that were down in Charlottesville
he is very surprising opinion on that if
you believe him
he says ethno-nationalism its losers
it's a fringe element I think the media
plays it up too much and we got to help
crush it you know help crush it more and
then he adds these guys are a collection
of clowns now that might be a mistake of
a different order that's Steve Bannon
losing his own base hey Steve if the
white nationalist aren't your base who
is if you think that there you'll have a
base forget Trump that you have a base
of support in the country that is
outside of the alt-right movement I
figure in for a rude awakening
so apparently his real opinion is we use
these white nationalists war clowns to
get political votes we don't really
believe that there's an upside to that
if you really believe this he's not as
racist as he appears to be he just uses
racism for his own benefits I don't
think that makes it much better but it's
also gonna piss off the racist so now
you don't have many allies left now we
go to the reaction room from inside the
White House and Axios has that one
adviser said it's Anthony scrim Moochie
all over again
indeed they Jonathan Swan and Axios
explains further the result is not good
for Bannon who's already under pressure
with colleagues lined up against them at
a president who agrees with him
ideologically but tells associates he
thinks Bannon is a leaker if the
president like you because you're
leaking oops this was a pretty bad leak
here's a colleague of Steve Bannon who
says he's not his enemy but he says boys
since the apparently enjoys casually
undermining US national security I'll
put this in terms he'll understand
this is DEFCON 1 level bad and finally
Swann says the piece gives Banias
enemies ammunition at a time he's
extraordinarily vulnerable they've been
saying he's a leaker a self-promoter
Bannen etc this interview plays right
into their hands so this part of the
soap opera is not over yet
but Steve Bannon has apparently done
grave damage to himself inside the White
House now I don't know if these are his
real opinions or if he was in his own
mind doing some sort of jujitsu move I
think he might have just you just suit
himself right out of the White House and
I hope to god he is because whether he's
actually racist or just wants to get
racist voters on his side doesn't make
much of a difference to me I want him
out and I want that ideology out look
it's a the Trump White House is a
disaster
it's a basket of deplorable Stu borrow a
term but among those deplorable Steve
Bannon is among the worst so can't wait
for him to get fired I don't know if he
will him being a racist is not going to
get him fired him trying to appeal to
white nationalists is not going to get
him fired him wanting to start a trade
war with China is not going to get him
fired him pretending to be the president
and talking about how he's going to get
people out and put people in that'll get
him fired
so we'll see we'll see if Trump
understands this enough and I'm sure
they put it in a folder for him and
since it's got his name on it he's gonna
pay attention and see if he takes action
on banner can't wait if you like The
Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com / join
