Donald Trump continues to support
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
and even though Democrats in the Senate
Judiciary Committee are calling for the
FBI to do an investigation to either
confirm or find some information about
whether or not these allegations against
Cavan are true Trump says that it's
unlikely that the FBI will conduct the
investigation now part of the reason why
is the FBI can't do that unless the
White House signs off on it and Trump
has been clear in saying that he's not
gonna sign off on it now before we get
to that though I do want to show you the
messaging from Trump that will be
repeated over and over again and it is
to attack Democrats rather than address
the real allegations lodged against
Brett Kavanaugh take a look Judge
Cavanaugh is one of the finest people
that I've ever known
never had even a little blemish on his
record
I wish the Democrats could have done
this a lot sooner because they had this
information for many months and they
shouldn't have waited till literally the
last days they should have done it a lot
sooner but with all of that being said
so you would have thought certainly that
she would have brought it up at the
meeting not wait till everything's
finished and then have to start a
process all over again but with all of
it being said but again this is
something that should have been brought
up long before this they had the
information in July as I understand it
it's very you know it's very unfortunate
that didn't mention it sooner but with
all of that being said again this should
have been brought up a long time ago
thank you okay no no we didn't repeat
any of that he does the endless
repetition by himself and he keeps
saying with all that being said that's
why jr. left that in there because he's
supposed to get to the actual point but
he can't help himself and in fact when
asked about attacking the Democrats and
other time he's like well well we're not
gonna I'm not gonna do that today I
might do it in a couple of days okay
well what difference does it make that
and besides what you couldn't help
yourself and and a good and fair
question that we've been asking for a
couple of days now is you're claiming
okay that's what
some Democrats new have other
Republicans right how do they have that
let already of 65 women that knew
Cavanaugh back when he was in high
school
how'd they have that done in 24 hours
seems like they knew to Mitch McConnell
why did he warn you not to appoint
Cavanaugh in the first place as an
appointed out days ago did Mitch
McConnell know so those are good and
important questions Democrats you should
be asking those questions too
now in terms of the FBI getting involved
Senate Democrats have been clear in that
they don't they're not calling for a
criminal investigation they are calling
for the type of investigation by the FBI
that was conducted when Anita Hill came
forward with her allegations against
Clarence Thomas - you know if Cavanaugh
didn't do it maybe there's a way to
clear his name they just want this to be
investigated and they want the FBI
involved and Trump doesn't seem willing
to get the FBI involved now remember he
doesn't seem to have much love for the
FBI in the first place but the Justice
Department released an interesting
statement they said the allegation does
not involve any potential federal crime
the FBI's role in such matters is to
provide information for the use of the
decision-makers okay so the DOJ
acknowledges that the investigation
would be for information so people can
use that information to either confirm
or vote against Cavanaugh but they don't
want to do that either
and then Trump address this as well
during his press conference and here's
what he had to say we have time
available we will delay the process
until it's finished out I guess we've
invited everybody I know I can tell you
this that Judge Cavanaugh is anxious to
do it I don't know about the other party
but George Cavanaugh is very anxious to
do it and a delay is certainly
acceptable
really should be involved because they
don't want to be involved if they want
it to be I would certainly do that but
as you know they say this is not really
their thing really I I haven't seen
anything from the FBI indicating that
they don't want to be involved in this
the only thing I have seen from the FBI
is a statement indicating that they
can't do the investigation unless the
White House sanctions it well I'm this a
man who thinks cooperating with federal
law enforcement maybe should be outlawed
so it's unsurprising that he doesn't
want federal law enforcement involved in
actually gathering evidence so of course
the FBI said no such thing and it's not
that complicated it's true it's not a
federal crime the FBI is not
investigating to arrest Cavan or
anything it it might be a state crime
but not a federal one it's but the FBI
does background checks this is the most
important background check there is this
is exactly what they did is an appointed
out with an ADA Helen Clarence Thomas so
why wouldn't you just apply the same
standard or are you afraid what they
would find and then one final thing is
Mark judge who was allegedly the other
person in the room when this attack
happened says that he does not want to
testify before the Senate specifically
the Senate Judiciary Committee both dr.
Ford and Cavanaugh have agreed to
testify however mark judge says no I did
not ask to be involved in this matter
nor did anyone ask me to be involved the
only reason why I am involved is because
dr. Christine Blasi Ford remembered me
as the other person in the room he also
says in fact I have no memory of this
alleged incident Brett Kavanaugh and I
were friends in high school but do I but
I do not recall the party described in
Ford's letter so his defense so far has
been I don't remember I have no
recollection I think that's an
interesting way of handling it there
hasn't really been a flat-out denial
oh no there was there was yesterday he
so it went like this he at first he said
I have no recollection then he said no
it's absolutely nuts so he called it
nuts yeah but today it's interesting
that he went back to mine I don't recall
and remember he's written books about
his
struggle with alcoholism etc that might
be one reason why he doesn't recall or
it might be that he's like mm-hmm
what if they get other evidence so it's
easy for me to say I don't recall I was
been drinking at the time right so of
all people I think megyn kelly made an
interesting point yesterday when she
said why would dr. Ford put my judge a
friend of Cavanaugh in the room if she
made it up if you're gonna make up a
story you wouldn't put a corroborating
witness for him in the same room and dr.
Ford's a 51 year old professor just not
if she and again she'd have had to make
it up in 2012 when she talked about it
earlier so none of that adds up one more
thing at least judge was sophisticated
enough to say I don't remember it if I
was at a party like that Orrin Hatch
screwed up while defending Cavanaugh and
recently said Cavanaugh told me in a
meeting that he wasn't at that party
wait a minute she never said which party
she never said which date so then people
were like what do you mean this was
Cavanaugh was Kevin I know the party
that she's referring to and then Orrin
Hatch's spokespeople had to go um no no
no no Cavanaugh didn't say that to us he
said he doesn't remember being at a
party like that what is a party like
that even mean by the way if you don't
recall being at any party that where you
were drunk people were people were going
swimming when you were 17 years old in
the summer okay so that little backpedal
I thought was a little telling too and
again these guys seem to have known for
a long time that this might become an
issue how would they know it was gonna
become an issue if they never heard from
her that means they might have heard
from him and if they heard from him then
she's clearly not making it up two easy
ways to follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
