so in Charlottesville there was a lot of
people recording things and among them
was documentary filmmaker CJ hunt and he
caught a really interesting moment this
is a guy I don't know his name I don't
want to know his name
he had that same outfit that they all
the the the white nationalist had which
is the khaki pants her shorts and a
white polo shirt I guess they're doing
that in reverence to their Dear Leader
Donald Trump that's outfit he wears
while golfing so this guy appears in the
beginning here to be chased by counter
protesters and he panics later he's
emboldened but first let's show you the
the panic and then and then we'll also
show you at the end of this video once
he's past that how he goes back to being
a tough guy
I'm not really white power man I just
gave her the flood look no I'm sorry you
can't just take your time
what happened
so you just came here for the plan yeah
yeah so you're not a real life
which part
yeah what the where's the fun part cause
I mean I was in jail for what
your white supremacist until people
start chasing you and then you took the
uniform off so are you gonna put it back
on or put it right on yeah
it's it's like a hot plate
but are you gonna put your white
supremacist uniform back on I mean that
right there I feel like it's a microcosm
of the whole movement super tough guys
when they're in a crowd in there when
they're chanting Nazi chants all of a
sudden if they're they don't have their
white nationalist friends around them
let's get this shit out of my shirt Oh
stupid dad absorbs scary had the crying
Nazi yesterday we have the naked Nazi
today I don't know that he's technically
a Nazi but obviously you saw there he
said he's into white power I think
that's clear enough
I love the distinction between the white
power guys and the Nazi guys all the
times there isn't one but sometimes the
white power guys are like no no we hate
the blacks the Muslims the Latinos women
but we don't necessarily hate the Jews
wow are you not merciful I didn't know
there was such an important distinction
okay my bad anyway so he's a white power
guy but the minute that he doesn't have
his pack around him
doesn't seem very powerful then he seems
kind of scared and then when they leave
he's back - yeah we're gonna put the
shirt back on not yet though and why
does he do it that's fun to intimidate
people and harass people and they say
white power oh that makes me feel good
all right
at least you own it you know why you're
doing it so yeah it is sometimes because
they get off on on trolling that doesn't
make it any better
that means you're so sad that you have
to try to hurt other people to try to
get feel better about yourself look if
that's what you get off on that's what
you get off on but I would hope that
you'd find something that's a little bit
more productive and I could actually
make you happier you know reminds her
Martin Luther King when he said we
didn't go to the South just to liberate
African Americans we went to liberate
white people not all of them of course
what the racists in the South he said
from the hatred in their heart because
that hatred in their heart doesn't help
them either
you think that guy's happy overall no
that's the worst kind of bitter
happiness you'll ever see I
cause pain is someone else why don't you
cause joy in your own life anyway
yes confuse badassness with violent
people you know he's like I'm not
violent the guy yesterday I'm not a
violent person find me some film of me
being violent which is everywhere but
they're afraid of everything they're
afraid of their own shadows and they're
definitely afraid of other people that
they never took the time even talked to
so once they're afraid of someone then
that's when they start pulling out their
violence so then if they have is pack
feel like oh I have my gun which is
their safety mechanism to anything that
it approaches them oh let me start
shooting because I'm afraid so that's
why they think there's this badass
nature I have to being a murderer a
violent person but really you're just
scared that's where all this comes from
you wouldn't be killing people who
aren't afraid of everyone no no you're a
hundred percent right there number one
driving emotion and they love to say all
liberals are emotion no no no you guys
are you've base your entire ideology on
one emotion fear I do what the basel ii
institutions are coming oh my god the
mexicans they're crossing the border the
bikes because they've got nobody got the
gays only what if it's a choice that i
have to have sex with that my oh my god
i'm so scared so scared of my same self
i'm so scared of everybody I'll take my
shirt off
they got I crying like it you know what
he was crying like yesterday and then
but let's look at the deep breathing of
this guy for a second
you can't just take your costume off
fear man they're driven by fear I'm
gonna end on a fun little thing here
white nationalist Matt parrot
also part of these protests got himself
all worked up and then this happened
Department did absolutely nothing to
enforce a legal permit just when you
thought a white supremacist couldn't be
fun one more that's the movement right
there bunch of clowns help us build
independent media together TYT Network
calm /join
