the alt-right is at it again they've got
another protest oh my god is it gonna be
massive people holding torches violent
action you know something to be really
concerned about no it's a bunch of
clowns they went to a protest Lenin
statue in Seattle so I'm going to tell
you where that statue is and it's very
relevant near the end of the story so
they go out there and let's show you a
picture Wow
seven whole people showed up what did I
tell you man if you just let them do
their goofy stuff only seven people show
up so there was so much hype and
publicity around Roseville that more
people showed up if you just let them
gather the local clowns it's always
going to be seven people so that's why
you know god bless the people who want
to start stand up against those fascists
in Charlottesville but just let them
speak and do their stupid little chance
and and don't hype it up so let me show
you how sad this protest was watch this
let's go
you can keep the Bistro I don't know
what that was about
I assume they were chanting something
else but it sounded like whose Bistro
our Bistro man these guys are weird
okay so I don't even want to know what
they were chanting they had a sign Lenin
is Hitler so there's that me does that
mean you like him I'm I'm not sure where
you're going with that
okay so gateway Punnett which is a
conservative blog look at that protest
and said amazing that was amazing
because they live in an alternate
reality so they're like oh no nailed it
man they ship Seattle okay I I can't
helping read you a couple of snide
wheats in response
Nate writes in damned if that crowd gets
any bigger it might be able to fill up a
Dodge van Mike writes in the cool thing
is if you guys go out to eat later you
don't need to worry about the automatic
gratuity for larger parties dr. Gibbs
circa writes and biggest crowd since the
inauguration and Lee writes in or this
is so sad I've seen bigger crowds in an
elevator and then my favorite from
Stefan heck you guys are close to being
outnumbered by the statue okay so is
this a big problem in America Lenin
statues well there are over 700
Confederate monuments across America to
the best of our knowledge there's one
Lenin statue okay
but hey the people of Seattle and the
government of Seattle look at what
they're sending with that statue except
for this the statue which is up for sale
for $250,000 now sits on private
property in Fremont so it's not on
public land do you believe in private
property boy that would be ironic if you
didn't so there's nothing we can do
about it some guy owns it it's on his
property and he actually wants to sell
it in fact let's figure out where it
came from according to the Seattle
Weekly Statue had originally been
erected in Czechoslovakia during the
Soviet era after communism fell in that
country an English teacher from
Washington found the statue in a
junkyard and had it transported to the
US we have no idea what their intent was
we don't know it was like hey cool the
Soviet Union fell down and this is a
symbolism of it I found this in a
junkyard or Lenin rocks you have no idea
which one they meant this is not a real
problem in America the Confederate
monuments were put up to intimidate
African Americans during Jim Crow era
this statue was not put up in Fremont to
intimidate mm capitalists in Seattle
this is not but this is exactly the
disproportionality that the alt-right
goes through all the time like oh my god
you didn't say merry Christmas to me you
said Happy Holidays
Oh oh my god I'm so aggrieved this is a
real problem in America now you're
inventing these problems and you look
like a total jackass doing it by the way
you know what they do this Lenin statue
in Seattle every once in a while they
dress them up during Pride Week this is
what they do to Lenin you think weddings
in favor of that does it look like
they're being very reverential to Lenin
pretty sure Lenin would not have agreed
to that okay there is no epidemic of
Lenin monuments in America and that's
why only a bunch of clowns showed up to
that so yes in Charlottesville we had a
major problem yes online these guys do
wreak havoc in their stupid trolling
ways but overall they are still a tiny
tiny minority in the country
don't hype them up to what they are not
and Trump didn't win because of these
guys yes he is part of their base but
Trump largely won because people didn't
want the establishment to win almost
anyone else in that position who was
running as a populist woulda won so
don't over hype these guys and give them
power they don't actually have if you
like this clip of The Young Turks you
know there's a whole live two-hour show
6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and you
could download it or stream in and watch
it without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
