so we have this tragedy in Barcelona
that happens today 13 killed 100 injured
guy runs over a lot of people in the
middle of the square it's just horrific
to look at so Trump sends a tweet right
away
this one's first was fine he says the
United States condemns the terror attack
in Barcelona Spain and will do whatever
is necessary to help be tough and strong
we love you good okay
almost presidential rock fantastic ok
please leave it there please leave it
that of course is not good so first let
me remind you what he said about
Charlottesville about how he likes to
gather facts first watch here's the
thing when I make a statement I like to
be correct I want the facts this event
just happened in fact a lot of the event
didn't even happen yet as we were
speaking this event just happened before
I make a statement I need the facts so I
don't want to rush into a statement so
making the statement when I made it was
excellent
so that was in a press conference on
Tuesday as to why he took two whole days
to finally say hey it was the KKK and
they're bad guys which on that same
press conference he then backtrack from
and said that there's very fine people
on the KKK Nazi side okay so he likes to
take his time to figure out the facts
you're not gonna be surprised to find
out that only a little bit after the
Barcelona attacks he sent a second tweet
before the authorities had called a
terrorism or I had figured out who done
it in fact to this moment they don't
know who did it yet
he says study what General Pershing of
the United States did to terrorists when
caught there was no more radical Islamic
terror for 35 years so and after the
tweet hours later Spanish Authority said
it is likely to be terrorists look we're
not naive here it looks like terrorism
we all get it we all it the minute we
saw it we thought it was likely to be
terrorism but I thought you liked to
collect facts for days and days before
you spoke even before the authorities in
Spain said anything he said radical
Islamic terror well what happened I I
saw you were on a fact-finding mission
by the way if you say come on Jake is
super obvious that it's at Islamic
terror attack
because it's the same MO that they used
all over Europe and Isis claimed
responsibility he didn't know that at
the time and and they said they'd be
doing an attack in Spain that's totally
fair but it was also totally fair to say
on Saturday that it was the Klan and the
Nazis and the white nationalists who had
done the violence in Charlottesville
you didn't need two days of fact
gathering to figure that out we already
knew it at the time so use the same
standard now secondarily what does he
talk about with General Pershing so this
is story he told on the campaign trail
before this is from and then he repeated
again later as well but this is from
February of 2016
listen to truck you know I read a story
it's a terrible story but I'll tell you
should I tell you what should I know
General Pershing did you ever hear rough
guy roughly and they had a terrorism
problem and they were having a
tremendous problem with terrorism and by
the way this is something you can read
in the history books not a lot of
history books cuz I don't like teaching
this and General Pershing was a rough
guy and he sits on his horse and you're
very astute like a ramrod right and he
caught 50 terrorists who did tremendous
damage and killed many people and he
took the 50 terrorists and he took 50
men and he dipped 50 bullets in pig's
blood you heard that right he fit he
took 50 bullets and he dipped them in
pig's blood and he had his men load his
rifles and he lined up the 50 people and
they shot 49 of those people and the
50th person he said you go back to your
people and you tell them what happened
and for 25 years there wasn't a problem
ok 25 years there wasn't a problem do I
even have to bother telling you that
story isn't true
alright let's go to Snopes that's the
website that debunks miss they said we
haven't yet found any references to this
alleged incident in Pershing biographies
however nor does it match
whay pursing his general record as
having dealt with the Morrow's in 1911
of course of course
and if you noticed in that story it was
25 years in the tweet it was 35 years
and it was these Muslim terrorists in
reality it was a war in the Philippines
I don't know whether even the same
conception of terrorism let alone the
word terrorism back then and yes in the
Philippines we did monstrous things and
and there are stories actually of other
soldiers that are that buried some
Filipinos with pigs so this is actually
among the false things that he said like
wow that's since someone did it in the
Philippines
that's almost barely not alive for Trump
anyone else is a wild outrageous lie
about purging that that isn't true for
him you're like whoa there was one
person who actually did do that or
allegedly there was some stories of
soldiers that had done that in that in
the Philippines so but look the much
more important thing is does he like to
gather facts before he makes
announcements or could it be that he
picks and chooses based on who he likes
and doesn't like so you remember there
was that attack on a mosque in
Minneapolis earlier this month you know
he still hasn't condemned it his one of
his top advisors Sebastian Gorka was on
TV earlier this month saying you never
know it could have been a fake attack so
when a mosque is attack it take it takes
that's inside the United States it takes
months for him to respond he's still
gathering facts on that one you know
that the Quebec attack six people killed
19 injured and other attack on a mosque
by a right-winger still hasn't tweeted
about it at the time he was like wow I
mean I he made a call to the Prime
Minister and I mean tweet about it or
talking about it publicly to gather
facts that was six months ago so when
it's a right-wing or doing an attack
I gotta gather facts yeah I'm a guy who
likes facts I gotta wait and wait and
wait and wait and wait because he
doesn't want to condemn them when he
thinks
is a radical Muslim that did the attack
even before the authorities tell you who
it is I don't need no stupid fact it's
the most moms okay
now the reality is in this case it is
very likely a Muslim radical and the
authorities say that it's a a terrorist
attack but it's also true that it was
outrageous horrific right-wingers who
did in Strongsville and we knew it on
Saturday you didn't need to wait till
Monday let alone the fact that you
retracted it on Tuesday and today you're
still tripling down on how both sides do
it you know what happened in Minneapolis
you know what happened in Quebec if you
had the same reaction to all of them and
you call down the Klan the Nazis and
Isis and radical Muslims the same great
that's what you're supposed to do as
president but when you say oh the
Muslims are bad but all my right-wingers
who kill people golly gee I'm still
gathering facts about them we know
exactly what you're up to
it's horrific he's disgusting so if
you're a trump supporter you know he's
not gathering facts just say it say it
we don't like Muslims were bigots okay
then I I don't like the Muslim radical
who did Barcelona okay no one does those
people are monsters that's super easy to
say leave it there no you're not gonna
leave it there right no all Muslims most
Muslims majority of Muslims you know it
and Trump knows it that that's where
you're going with this so just say it
say it okay now when it's a right-winger
who does it we're not as stupid as you
are we're not as stupid as Donald Trump
is we say it was those guys who did it
it was feels in particular and the guys
at the rally who were the alt-right the
white nationalist that doesn't mean
every right winger in the country that
doesn't mean 50% of the country our
monsters or or killers or believe in a
radical ideology they believe in an
ideology that is that I wholeheartedly
disagree with whether it's right-wing
ideas you're a Muslim ideology I don't
agree with either one of those but the
real problem is the radicals decent
smart people say yes it is the radicals
and the fundamentalists that are the
problem and it is
fundamentalism and their extremism
that's the problem indecent bigots like
Donald Trump going no I don't like those
radicals and I'll blame the entirety of
that entire ethnic group or religion for
it but I'll ignore that the core the
problem is actually extremism
fundamentalism and if my side right
wingers have radicals within their ranks
I won't call them out or it'll take me
days and days to calm on or months and
months to call them out that's what a
bigot does Young Turks support
independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
calm slash join
