it turns out banning transgender troops
from the military could cost upwards of
960 million dollars now you all heard in
the news when Trump came out and issued
his initial tweet ban on transgender
soldiers in the military
most people focused on how much is
actually spent on transgender operations
and medical procedures because Trump
itself
mentioned the tremendous medical cost
trans people would face well a group
called the palm center decided to find
out exactly how much it would cost not
to not to keep them on but actually to
get rid of trans soldiers and train
replacements for them now they found
that as the quotes by Erin Belkin the
executive director of palm center says
it would be much more expensive to fire
transgender troops than to let them keep
serving the president wants to spend a
dollar to save a dime and that really
doesn't make much business sense it
would cost seventy five thousand dollars
to replace each soldier multiply that by
their estimation of how many trans
soldiers are in the military that's
twelve thousand eight hundred and this
is the number you get which is way more
than the two point four to eight point
four million dollars that rand said it
would cost to keep them all ready get
rid of so he did did anyone look even if
you're on donald trump side did anyone
really think it was because of the costs
and when RAND Corporation came out and
said it was about eight million bucks to
provide health care for transgender
people I mean in the context of the the
what is it six hundred billion dollar
Pentagon budget every year which Donald
Trump wants to add another fifty four
billion dollars on top too and we spend
more on our defense I think than the
other top eight countries combined and
you worry about eight million bucks for
health care for transgender now you
didn't think that either you you liked
it use this for meaning against
transgender people and we don't like
that he's discriminating against
transgender people just be honest about
it and don't pretend it's about cost
because it costs a lot more to find
people and replace them and you know it
too yeah I think it's extremely
transparent and also the time
of his announcement on Twitter made it
even more transparent because he isn't
winning like with legislation right uh
the repeal and replace of Obamacare
failed and as it was failing he decided
to tweet in the early hours of the day
about how he's gonna ban transgender
people in the military he was pandering
to his base he's trying to give them
something to support him on as he fails
left and right in making deals yeah what
did what is he what was the pitch for
him that's what I keep forgetting like
what's the pitch for Donald Trump it's
that he's good at making deals that that
was all that there was and there's
nothing left
yeah there's I haven't seen a good deal
made is it the border wall I guess is
what he's saying it's it's some rhetoric
Jimmy Kimmel had a great monologue
yesterday and where he goes through
every potential reason that you could
have voted for Trump and he says like at
this point he says like you know I get
it you didn't like Hillary in season and
she's an insider you want things to
change you want someone to come in and
buck the system but now what have you
seen there's nothing that has been in
accordance to what he's promised and on
top of that he just embarrasses everyone
over and over again what's left maybe
it's time to say I was wrong yeah and
and if you thought well he's a great
businessman and you believed him that we
were gonna save cost by kicking
transgendered people out of the military
well now that's gone too because
apparently can't do math can't figure
out the most simple concepts of costs
and revenue so in this case the costs
are way way higher and look we just had
the alt-right complaining about
Charlottesville how their white national
civil rights were taken away just be
honest man I thought you guys were bold
and loud and proud on the internet and
all these other places right just say
yeah yeah yeah look I want civil rights
for white nationalists and I don't want
that for transgender people it has
nothing to do with the money of course
it costs more to kick them out and
replace them I just don't want you to
have civil rights just say it own it
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm /join
