a self-proclaimed neo-nazi was
interviewed for a vice documentary on
the situation in Charlottesville
Virginia and Christopher Cantwell the
neo-nazi that I'm talking about was very
open and honest about who he is what his
identity is and how much he favors using
violence as a means to get his political
agenda achieved take a look at the vice
a little snippet of the vice documentary
and then I'm gonna give you an update on
how Cantwell really is
take a look we're here obeying the law
we're doing everything that we're
supposed to do trying to to express
opinions and the criminals are over at
get in their way
that is a foundational problem our
society and whatever you think of my
opinions that's gonna be something puts
you in danger and that is because this
city is run by Jewish non violent you'll
fucking kill these people we have to
okay so it's great documentary Brown
vice we'll have the link down below in
the description box for you guys but I
just want to reiterate these quotes
graphic 3940 cuz you're about to watch a
slightly different version of
Christopher Cantwell now that his ass is
on the line okay he said of course we're
capable I'm carrying a pistol I go to
the gym all the time
I'm trying to make myself more capable
of violence I was in a different part of
the documentary and then what you just
saw he said were not nonviolent will
fucking kill these people if we have to
well they definitely prove that now all
of a sudden he was informed that there
is a warrant out for his arrest now that
hasn't been confirmed I'm not sure who
told him that or where they got that
information but he is under the
impression that there is a warrant out
for his arrest
and so he posts a video in regard to
that warrant on social media and it is
wonderful let's take a look at the first
one I contacted the local police I
called the Charlottesville Police
Department and I asked them I said I
have been told that there's a war
well for my arrest and they they said
that they wouldn't confirm it but that I
could find this out if I excuse me that
I could find this out if I wanted to go
to a local magistrate or something like
that but with everything that's
happening I don't think it's wise for me
to be you know going going anywhere this
is a state of emergency the National
Guard is here you know so I don't I
don't think it's a good idea for me to
go there frankly and I don't I don't
know what to do I've emailed Steve and
any of the team Police Department sorry
I have emailed Steve Antony at the King
Police Department he's one of the cops
that came there he's one of the cops who
saved my ass when I had to pull my gun
in Keene and I emailed him and I said I
don't know what to do I need guidance I
want to be peaceful I want to be law
abiding okay that was the whole entire
point of this and I'm watching CNN talk
about this as violent white nationalist
protests we have done everything in our
power to keep this peaceful you know I
know we talk a lot of shit on the
internet right but like literally Jason
Kessler applied for a permit like months
ago for this okay
when they yanked our permit we went to
the ACLU and we went to court and we won
and they just won't stop you know we
have done everything in our power we
have used every peaceful and and lawful
means by which to redress our grievances
and our enemies just will not stop what
options do we have left if somebody
would like to inform me of that then
then I will be grateful to you I really
will
that was as delicious of videos I've
ever seen and the juxtaposition of those
two videos is perfect well goodbye
okay look I'm still a Lib and I don't
want people crying and sniffling like
Ted Oh 150% would love to see more of
those types of videos you know why
because they terrorize
though we talk about your shit on the
internet no you guys terrorize people on
the Internet okay so you guys Doc's
people that you disagree with you
threaten them with violence you threaten
women with rape you threaten men with
you know we're gonna show up and gun you
down this is the kind of stuff that they
they do on the internet on a regular
basis and then now all of a sudden
there's a warrant out for your arrest
oh my are you worried that the cops are
going to come get you
so when that folks are a little
concerned about the cops because they
get shot at a disproportional rate
you're like oh that's matter who cares I
don't care that you're getting shot I
don't care about the police is when all
of a sudden you just heard a whisper of
maybe there's a warrant out for your
what happened what do you want you want
to start hashtag nasty lives matter okay
no so no no look guys so what about the
main point I want you to take away from
this is their stunning lack of empathy
you know what it happens to me it's the
most important thing in the world that
I'm scared and I how dare people you
know begin to impinge on my so-called
rights you said you'd kill people that's
you don't have a right to kill people
but right to rally yes okay no question
about that and that's why they CL you
supported you and that's why the
government lets you rally so they love
being victims and boy that sniveling
right there that was this this sound
of the most special snowflake melting
video 7 because I did appreciate that
that's sniffling okay but I really do
want to go to the next video because he
specifically addresses his fear that
police will approach him violently take
a look if law enforcement wants me to
turn myself in or they want to know my
location all they have to do is call
that number okay and if and if we can
set up a means of communication where I
can verify the Gir of the police I I
will I will either oh I will go to the
police station or wherever you tell me
to go or if I can confirm that you are
in fact law enforcement I will give you
my location and I will and I will let
you come and get me okay I'm armed I do
not want violence with you all right I'm
terrified I'm afraid you're gonna kill
me I really am all right so just let's
do this eat however we need to do it you
know if I if I gotta go to jail today
yeah it won't be the fucking first time
all right I didn't want to I don't think
I should I think I honestly believe that
I've been law-abiding and and I've been
engaged in violence I have this there's
no question about it and I and I and I
done nothing to hide that but it was
done in defense of myself and others I I
do not I do not fucking fight with
people
you know you would have heard about it
by now right if I was a violent guy you
would have heard about it by now
everybody in their mother wants to
fucking ruin my life okay and if and if
I wanted violence it's not a difficult
thing for a guy like me to find okay um
he contradicts himself several times in
the same video it's like no wonder they
support Trump right he's like I've done
violence and if I done by this you know
heard about it yeah I did I heard it
from you just a minute ago
what was it they were saying about beta
males up terrified okay that was a cook
test
ok look it's hard not to laugh it's hard
not to laugh but but guys I don't want
anybody going through that I don't want
the left go through that I don't want
the right going through that that's why
you shouldn't have said we're not
nonviolent will fucking kill these
people if we have to that was the
original problem your crying is amusing
but not the problem the problem was that
you were threatening violence on other
people and when you terrified other
people you loved it and you took great
pride in our I get to terrify you the
minute it's turned around on you a tiny
bit by the way the left in terror
didn't do it to you your political
opponents didn't do it to you whoever
you said they you think they are it was
just the cops said hey if you're
threatening to kill people maybe we
should have a conversation with you then
that little finger knew to avoid okay
then maybe you should have a tiny bit of
empathy for other people but of course
that's their number-one problem
and one final thing look he's terrified
that the cops will approach him in a
violent manner he mentioned that in the
video really so you agree with black
lives matter you know the people that
are protesting the number of innocent
unarmed black people who have been shot
and killed by cops or do you agree with
their message finally are you unable to
empathize with what they go through so
yeah for him to say I am armed yeah and
he had it on tape threatened to kill
people and so when the cops come well
they're gonna take precautions right
they're gonna be careful but every time
they took precautions before they were
careful even with unarmed people you
loved it you loved it you kept talking
about all my yes that's right all black
lives matter who cares you're there to
listen to the cops Oh Chris you should
have listened to the cops so by the way
I I hope there come nothing comes of it
I hope the police code go and talk to
him calmly cuz we believed in the police
actually protecting all the community
unlike these guys helped us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
