Donald Trump has decided to disband his
CEO advisory councils following a number
of executives openly indicating that
they do not want to be part of these
councils anymore of course their
decision to not be part of the council's
had to do with Trump's response or lack
of adequate response to the violence in
Charlottesville Virginia
now Stephen a Schwartzman the chief
executive of Blackstone Group and one of
mr. Trump's closest confidants in the
business community organized a
conference call for members of the
president strategic and Policy Forum and
guess what the call indicated that a lot
of people a lot of CEOs didn't know what
to do they didn't know how to proceed
they weren't happy with how things are
going they didn't want to be associated
with Trump chief executives of some of
the largest companies in the country
debated how to proceed and so I guess in
an effort to prevent further
embarrassment Donald Trump just decided
yeah maybe we should just disband these
advisory councils well actually it's a
little worse than that so there's two
different groups and I want to be clear
about this there's a manufacturing
Council that's the one that was had all
people leaving so Intel CEO Under Armour
CEO and then today the Campbell Soup CEO
and 3m CEO they all left they're all
running from the building with their
hair on fire just like I said they would
and that's the manufacturing council now
the one that Anna referred to Stephen
Schwarzman was running this strategy and
Policy Forum some had already left that
Elon Musk Eiger from Disney had left so
this is well before Charlottesville
because they had enough on other insane
stuff that Trump had done so Schwartzman
gets everybody together in a call and I
said look there's almost never any
smoke-filled rooms I think we might have
talked about this a little bit in the
postgame yesterday by the way t whitey
network.com slash joined to become a
member yet all the post games anyway as
that was explaining there about why
Trump is on borrowed time politically I
said look in this case they might
actually get together in a room
and they turns out they did they got on
a on a conference call and they made a
decision because each of one of them as
an opponent was conflicted they're like
well do we embarrass him by leaving and
are but are you also going to leave or
what was should we do and by the end of
the the call they had made the decision
to just completely disband the form they
told Trump then Trump tweets today
rather than putting pressure on the
businesspeople of the manufacturing
council and strategy of policy forum I'm
ending both thank you all
no no they ended it he didn't end it at
least for the strategy and policy forum
and look this guys this is very
important so by the way what an idiot
after all you're the CEOs who are
banking you have left a building he's
like well I could have pressured them my
god could have made them stay no by
definition you couldn't have eight of
them had already left now they're all
gone the reason is super important is
because let's get real there these guys
do have more power than us so it's not
to say they're the only ones who have
power it's not to say that there's any
you know Bilderberg Rothschild thing go
right and and and a lot of these guys
deeply deeply supportive including the
guy who put together the call but if
you've lost your big supporters on the
right and corporate interests who were
looking forward to giant tax cuts that
you had promised them what's left yeah
he's so divisive that now people who so
members the GOP who supported him during
his campaign and then continue to
support him through some of the more
deplorable moments of his presidency are
now turning their backs on him okay he
keeps making enemies out of allies and
then also I mean remember Donald Trump
is supposed to be the guy who knows how
to make great deals and you know the
whole point of working with these
manufacturing CEOs was to bring more
jobs to the United States right bring
the jobs create the jobs I don't know I
don't know how many deals he's gonna
make when they refuse to even be part of
his council because it's so incredibly
embarrassing to be associated with a
president that likes to draw
equivalencies between white supremacists
those protesting them yeah and it's look
it's a hard call for them because they
backed them all the way but it's also
not a hard call a you know back in a guy
who creates a moral equivalency between
Nazis and people protesting Nazis
especially right after a Nazi killed one
of them not that hard to call so last
thing about this is very important is
look in the school of keeping a real
about politics donors drive a lot of
what happens in politics and we talked
about that all the time on this show
it's just because we've set up the wrong
incentives in the system and the system
is it is set up wrong so that they all
they care about the guys are the ones
financing their campaigns and these are
the guys who financed Republican
campaigns so not just Donald Trump but
four Republican senators and congressmen
these are the first guys they call so
when these guys give them a call and go
if Trump's in trouble you don't have his
back anymore don't worry about it throw
them under a bus
sooner or later Donald Trump's gonna
find himself on the underside of a bus
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network comm
sighs join
