during Donald Trump's press conference
today he was asked about violence by
white supremacists in the country and
unfortunately he decided to reiterate a
point that he originally made after the
violence in Charlottesville Virginia he
basically said look I mean the alt left
and violence on the left is also a
problem violence on both sides take a
look
define all right to me you define excuse
me what about the alt left they came
charging at the as you say the alt right
do they have any semblance of guilt this
what about the fact that came charging
that they came charging with clubs in
the hand swinging clubs do they have any
problem I think they do that was a
horrible horrible day wait a minute I'm
not finished
I'm not finished fakeness that was a
horrible day I watched those very
closely much more closely than you
people watched it and you have you had a
group on one side that was bad and you
had a group on the other side that was
also very violent and nobody wants to
say that but I'll say it right now you
had a group you had a group on the other
side that came charging in without a
permit and they were very very violent
look I'm gonna go further here he's done
so it's only a matter of time man look
this is this is an insanity excusing
neo-nazi murder in America with well the
other side is just as guilty the other
side got run over bike by cars what do
you mean the other side so he's saying
that the other protesters he's saying
equal guilt that's insane no no look
look there's two different things here
there's the one is the the facts of the
matter and then two is how it's going to
be perceived he's dead wrong on the
facts of the matter
the one side rammed into the other side
with a car injured 19 people and killed
a young girl okay
there is no equivalency there this is a
definition of a false equivalency both
sides do it know both sides didn't do it
number two is as to how he got to this
conclusion
he watched the tape I guarantee you this
okay I'll grant you that this part is my
guess based on the evidence that we've
seen of how he operates in the white
house
Steve Bannon was in there with him
saying hey look that I found one or two
guys in the crowd from the other side
who weren't doing the right things let's
call it even
oh oh let's make up a new term all left
it doesn't exist that doesn't you could
say it and Tifa that's a thing right you
there was most of the people there were
incredibly peaceful protestors who were
against fascism right but no let's make
up a term called alt left and then it'll
seem like all left all right is
everything is just equal right so these
are appear and it doesn't matter if it's
Steve ban and talking points if Donald
Trump is the President of the United
States now the second part of this is
how is this gonna be perceived even
worse than the facts because when you
every headline in America right now is
Donald Trump blames both sides and even
people voted for Donald Trump's think
you are gonna think really
then the nuts with these words were
equally culpable as the Nazis I disagree
with you wholeheartedly you give Trump's
base weight more credit than they
deserve okay I think during his campaign
when he said that he can shoot someone
in New York and not face any
consequences people will still support
him I think he was right I think he
actually understands the pulse of his
supporters they don't care they don't
care they love the spin they buy into
the spin these are the same people who
will turn around at radical Islamic
terrorists who run people over and say
look at that they're savages right but
when people on the right do it they
somehow find excuses by the way I don't
care about the demographic of who does
it I don't care if they're Muslim I
don't care if they're white you don't
run people over and I don't care if the
protesters are in the middle of the
frickin highway that doesn't give you
the right to run people over and murder
them right and so and then if you ever
have the audacity to talk about u.s.
foreign policy and you
our use of drones that end up killing
innocent civilians abroad and how that
leads to hostility oh my god how dare
you mentioned that so let me agree on
the last part and I'm going to totally
disagree on the first part so if could
you imagine if after those horrific
events in Europe where Muslim radicals
ran over people in the streets in
different European cities a president
came out and said well yeah there was
problems on both sides what the hell are
you talking about if they said well I
mean look the British did get run over
by Muslim radicals and that's I guess
that's a terrible thing I'll wait two
days before I say that's a terrible
thing by Muslim radicals but you know
the British I mean did they have it
coming did the Germans have it coming -
the French have it coming people would
be justifiably horrified and that's what
he's doing here okay so Anna you're
driving me to it Trump is done okay so
he's done he's not gonna make it - for
years I'm calling it right now we were
leading up to it and there was you know
this I said from day one that he if it
went in a way that we thought it was and
I outlined how that would go he wouldn't
make it right and it has gone exactly
like that maybe even worse and now this
is the straw that breaks the camel's
back here's why it's not that Anna's
wrong in my opinion about some of his
supporters yes anywhere from a quarter
I'd say a quarter of his supporters and
not the quarter of the country a quarter
of its supporters are absolutely
hopeless you will never ever ever break
through the in fact they liked it okay
so and if you're offended by that I
don't care at all okay so because those
people are we see them we see that with
our own eyes we see that my line we see
them in the media and constantly
excusing white supremacy etc okay and
half of his 1/4 of her supporters are
already gone okay and half of his
supporters that's the most important
part that are kind of in the middle
they're low information voters they
don't want to see it they want the
winking they want to say black lives
matters bad they want to say that the
Muslims and the Mexicans are bad but
they don't want Nazis killing people in
America and this is Trump shooting
someone in the middle of Fifth Avenue
while wearing a swastika so it's it's is
the mobs in Kansas in Iowa don't want to
be associated with Nazis and this guy's
clearly making excuse for Nazis the guy
who ran over the girl is say clear nazi
edit when he went to a concentration
camp as part of a school trip he said
this is where the magic happened he was
a Avadh nazi supporter and a fan of
Adolf Hitler so when you're supporting
and making excuse for clear nazis who
murdered people in America if look even
for Trump supporters not all of them but
a majority of them that's just a bar too
low and you could say I'm overestimating
them but besides which remember on the
day of the election he only had 37
percent popularity he doesn't have to
lose that much he doesn't have to lose
all of his supporters he doesn't have to
even have to lose a majority of his
supporters he just has to lose enough
supporters where he will be overwhelmed
politically when when when the
indictment comes down every Republican
in the Senate in and and now a lot of
them in in the house will go can't wait
where's my impeachment gamble this guy
who's been yelling at us this whole time
bullying us and now going around
supporting neo-nazis whereas my
impeachment gavel I'll hand you one
because this guy's done watch The Young
Turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network calm /join
