Donald Trump decided to hold a press
conference today and the main topic of
discussion had to do with his plans to
improve business and infrastructure in
the US but of course reporters also had
questions in regard to his opinions on
what happened in Charlottesville
Virginia and his off-the-cuff answers
were a little devastating to say the
least
so first let's get his response on why
it took him so long to condemn the white
nationalists and the individual who
decided to mow down counter protesters
during this rally take a look now here's
the thing as to excuse me excuse me take
it nice and easy here's the thing when I
make a statement I like to be correct I
want the facts this event just happened
in fact a lot of the event didn't even
happen yet as we were speaking this
event just happened before I make a
statement I need the facts so I don't
want to rush into a statement so making
the statement when I made it was
excellent in fact the young woman who I
hear is a fantastic young woman and it
was on NBC her mother wrote me and said
through I guess Twitter social media the
nicest things and I very much
appreciated that I hear she was a fine
really actually an incredible young
woman but her mother on Twitter thanked
me for what I said and honestly if the
press were not fake and if it was honest
the press would have said what I said
was very nice okay so the the notion
that Donald Trump waits until he gets
all the details before he reacts to
something is absolutely ridiculous you
guys know it everyone knows that even
his supporters know it there have been
numerous instances in the last year
alone where he has jumped the gun and
decided to identify people as radical
Islamic terrorists before any evidence
proved that so I'll give you specific
examples the Quebec mosque shooting
which happened obviously in Quebec it
was carried out by a white guy it wasn't
carried out by Muslims and Sean Spicer
who at the time
the White House press secretary an
official spokesperson for the White
House made a statement about it during a
press conference and he used it as a way
of supporting Donald Trump's Muslim
travel ban don't believe me take a look
at the clip the president got off the
phone just a short time ago with
Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau to
discuss the vicious attack on a Quebec
City mosque last night this is another
senseless act of violence that cannot be
tolerated we condemn this turn attack in
the strongest possible terms
it's a terrible reminder of why we must
remain vigilant and why the president is
taking steps to be proactive rather than
reactive when it comes to our nation's
safety and security and the safety and
security that he was referring to again
was the Muslim ban that trump was very
supportive of it he kept pushing for now
also in June of 2016
Trump claimed the gunman who killed
dozens at the pulse nightclub in Orlando
Florida shouted Allahu Akbar as he
slaughtered club goers though that was
not confirmed at the time in February
Trump jumped to describe an attacker at
the Louvre museum in Paris as a radical
Islamic terrorist amid an open
investigation into the attack before any
terrorist organization claimed
responsibility Trump in June condemned
the terrorist attack in Manila that
authorities later announced was the work
of a lone gunman so he has a history of
jumping the gun and and just basically
making bold statements before he has any
evidence so the fact that he wanted to
wait before he condemned white
nationalists is ridiculous and so it's
more context so in the case of the
Quebec Muslim violence at the mosque
violence they thought it was up by Hamas
which turned out as an opponent at his
extreme right winger but when they
thought it was a Muslim Sean Spicer said
we have to be proactive not reactive but
when it comes to white nationalists
doing about us no no no no we don't even
have to be reactive not proactive not
reactive we have to be two days later
active okay then we gotta wait 48 hours
before we say to me it doesn't matter
you gonna see later in this press
conference he's gonna reverse himself
and blame both sides again
but he said I'd like to be correct well
you got a funny way of showing it I mean
I nobody's ever been this incorrect
throughout a presidency I don't know
forget a president I've never seen
anyone in public be proven wrong lie
with this frequency I don't think
anybody's ever seen it and and then he
says well you know like I my timing in
fact waiting two days before calling out
white supremacist was excellent was
excellent it was excellent that's what
he thinks about everything he does he
takes his shit in the morning and he
thinks it's excellent everything he does
is excellent he refuses to take
responsibility for anything even when
he's wrong even when he's proven wrong
refuses to take responsibility it's
incredible and the fact that he held
this press conference and continuously
made excuses for the white supremacist I
mean it just further reinforces what we
already knew that he doesn't care about
what's going on with white supremacy he
wants to focus on one group and one
group only or I should say multiple
groups that aren't white whether it's
Muslims Mexicans black people doesn't
matter as long as it's not white
nationalist he wants to go ahead and
criticize them if you like The Young
Turks you love Young Turks membership
TYT Network calm sighs join
