all right love the unchurched enqueue
Granicus pairing with you guys tonight
well we've got a big show ahead for you
guys and obviously lots of developments
in the Cavanaugh story which we're gonna
do in just a minute here we've got some
of the first segments up in the second
segment this is a giant giant story
later on if you follow us on YouTube you
might have seen my video raging about
Jake Tapper segment on CNN featuring
Alexandria Casa Cortez they aggressively
challenged her claiming that her
programs cost too much no really
on cable news they attack the
progressive saying that they their ideas
are not realistic and pragmatic why I've
never seen that before except every
single segment down on cable news on all
three stations for decade after decade
after decade yeah when it has to do with
progressive all of a sudden CNN very
curious about detailed policy proposals
yeah oh I you'd like to cut taxes by
trillions of dollars for the rich yeah
you'd like to start wars and claim as
the administration did that it the Iraq
war would cost 1.7 billion dollars it's
not trillion billion dollars yeah okay
anyway so there was what he did was
terribly misleading at best and I think
there was in reality a big lie in that
segment and so I want to expose what
that is that's gonna be a little bit
later in the program after we get
through the Cavanaugh stories and I
don't want you to miss that well there's
a ton of news today so let's get going
all right over the weekend the anonymous
woman who had made sexual assault
allegations against Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh decided to
reveal her identity and give specific
details about which she says happened
back in the 1980s when he allegedly
sexually assaulted her her name is
Christine Blasi Ford and she is a
psychology professor in Northern
California and she spoke with Emma Brown
of the Washington Post and did give some
specific details that I want to share
with you she claims that at the time
even though she doesn't
for the exact date Cavanaugh was 17
years old and she believed she was 15
years old
now on the summer or I'm sorry one
summer in the early 1980s Cavanaugh and
a friend
both stumbling drunk corralled Ford into
a bedroom during a gathering of
teenagers at a house in Montgomery
County she was quoted as saying that
while his friend watched Cavanaugh
pinned her to a bed on her back and
groped her over her clothes grinding his
body against hers and clumsily
attempting to pull off her one-piece
bathing suit and the clothing she wore
over it when she tried to scream he put
his hand over her mouth so at that point
she says that she feared for her life in
fact she was quoted as saying I thought
he might inadvertently kill me
and it wasn't until the other person in
the room
Cavanaugh's friend mark judge it wasn't
until he got involved that she was able
to escape
Cavanaugh's friend and classmate at
Georgetown Prep school mark judge jumped
on top of them sending all three
tumbling Ford ran from the room briefly
locked herself in a bathroom and then
fled the house so there are important
pieces of in my opinion evidence that
really helped reinforce her story and
we'll get to that in just a minute but
djenka I'd like you to jump in so one
thing I want to be clear about in terms
of the friend judge and his role in it
he earlier had put out a statement
saying I have no recollection of that
which I found to be inconclusive to say
the least
usually saying I have no recollection of
that means well do you have the evidence
yet or don't you but now he's much
clearer on the record he says it's just
absolutely nuts I never saw Brett act
that way he described Cavanaugh as a
brilliant student and not quote not into
anything crazy or illegal and now
there's lots of talk by judge who later
went into rehab
I in fact wrote a book about his
travails with drinking lots of talk in
his book about that and there's even a
guy who appears to be Cavanaugh in the
book they used a very
like pseudonym for it was literally his
last name was literally Oh cabin aw yeah
that's the smallest pseudonym you could
do anyway apparently they were both
training heavily that summer you do with
that what you will and and I want
everybody to be super clear nobody's
judging Cavanaugh for drinking too much
when he was in high school that's not
remotely the issue issues were what he
did that day okay and so on the other
hand as even megyn kelly pointed out if
she's making up the story why would she
put a friend of his in the room which
would only corroborate his story if they
remain friends so it's not the type of
thing that you would do if you I don't
think if you were making up a story and
now look if we're gonna get into it you
have like there's a lot of Republican
chatter about how this is eleventh-hour
move by the Democrats like at the last
minute okay but to me that's irrelevant
the only question is is it true or is it
not true so should they release it
earlier well Dianne Feinstein was
apparently trying to keep her identity
secret because she didn't want to coming
out now it's too late for that
and so maybe it would have never come
out if it wasn't for some of the other
Democratic senators etc but that's that
explains the 11th hour thing it doesn't
go towards whether it's true or not so
that's what we have to try to judge here
and you might come to a conclusion
that's inconclusive right you might say
it's 35 years ago they both have spotty
memories one side was heavily drinking
etc etc but I think that's the question
and in the very beginning when this
story first broke we asked the question
of woe if it's back in high school it's
got to be a pretty high bar to have this
effect a nomination well attempted rape
is has met that bar exactly so there are
things that we've learned about Ford's
past that I think are very relevant and
in reinforcing her story so one of the
main things that an accuser gets asked
is whether or not he or she spoke to
someone in their personal life about the
attempted sexual misconduct or alleged
sexual misconduct and she hadn't spoken
to anyone in her purse
life however she and her husband did go
to couples therapy in 2012 where she
opened up to a therapist about this so
let me give you the details on that Ford
said she told no one of the incident in
any detail until 2012 again 2012 that's
an important year remember that when she
was in couples therapy with her husband
the therapists notes do not mention
Cavanaugh's name but say she was
attacked by students from an elitist
boys school who went on to become highly
respected and high-ranking members of
society in Washington so she did it's on
the record it's in the therapists notes
which were shared with the Washington
Post but there's more notes from an
individual therapy session the following
year show Ford described a rape attempt
in her late teens then there's the third
piece of it in my opinion evidence in
this case so one of the things that she
did for did when this was all happening
back in July and we had no idea about it
was she approached Washington lawyer
Deborah Katz she told her about these
allegations and so Katz responded with
everyone's gonna think you're lying and
so to deal with that inevitable outcome
ahead of time
Ford agreed to do a polygraph test and
so she took a lie-detector test and she
passed and so that is an important piece
of evidence as well
however Brett Kavanaugh is aggressively
denying these allegations when the
allegations first came up with no
details included he said I categorically
and unequivocally deny this allegation I
did not do this back in high school or
at any time and he was even asked about
this by senator Hirono from Hawaii and
here's what he had to say since you
became a legal adult have you ever made
unwanted requests for sexual favors or
committed any verbal or physical
harassment or assault of a sexual nature
no have you ever faced discipline or
entered into a settlement related to
this kind of conduct no so he has been
denying all these allegations there were
other statements of
that came out after this but we'll see
how this plays out right now you have
Democrats and even some Republicans
calling for a postponement of the Senate
Judiciary vote on Kavanagh they were set
to vote on his confirmation this week on
September 20th but that is now in
jeopardy considering the detailed
allegations that came out over the
weekend so Ford had married her husband
in 2002
and early in their relationship she told
them she'd been a victim of physical
abuse and that was ten years before they
went to couples therapy and the
therapist noted it in their records now
there is something in there that cuts in
in two directions one is the obvious one
she's not she anger of therapist the
other day after Kavanagh was appointed
to be a Supreme Court justice and
they're going through the confirmation
hearings and she says all of a sudden
hey I remember Kavanagh right no this is
back in 2012 and 2013 that it's in the
therapist notes now the thing that cuts
another direction is at the time she he
was already a high-ranking judge and she
was aware according to the people
including her ex-husband that that he
could be nominated for a higher position
okay
so didn't think about that for a second
though in order for you to there's two
possibilities if you're in the camp of
Cavanaugh didn't do it first of all you
should check yourself as to why you're
in that camp are you in that camp
because you're positive about the
details of the story or you like his
policy positions and hence think well
I'm gonna tell things in his direction
okay cuz I asked myself that all the
time I've been asking him for the last
three days as we've been covering this
story about wait who do I believe and
why do I believe that right so you would
have to think that either she was
telling the truth he just had the wrong
guy and it's 35 years ago and it was Oh
Kevin ah or O'Connor oh I don't know
right but that's look it's 35 years ago
was in high school it is some
possibility you could be in that camp
right you could be in the camp that this
she's it's not a thing you could fudge
right it's not a thing that's
miscommunication so now I don't want
people
understand this as I talk about it so if
it was a date-rape situation it would be
just as bad the king the but in that is
there would be more room for
miscommunication thirty five years later
I thought he meant this and I thought
she meant that that is not the situation
here she describes they don't know each
other except that they're at this party
and Cavanaugh and judge are drinking
upstairs and at some point if she is
vague on the details of you because it
was a long time ago and just consider
all the factors here right she doesn't
remember how she got home etc but she
says though she clearly remembers they
pulled her into a room it was basically
an abduction within the party so it
leaves less room for I thought she meant
this and I thought he meant that so this
is this is dark case here so then you
have to think she made it up is it's not
a miscommunication it's not a he-said
she-said in terms of how did that
particular night go out of that
particular day go how did that date go
okay so this is no they pulled me in the
room he pinned me down and then covered
my mouth when I started screaming okay
so now back to the therapist 2012-2013
do you think she's a respected professor
in her field in psychology is she is
that Palo Alto college I believe they do
work with Stanford etc well respected
right she's 51 years old do you think so
I guess six years ago she would have
been 45 a 45 year old is gonna go into a
couple's Ferries therapy session about
her marriage and in that kind of setting
is gonna set up a lie just in case this
Cavanaugh guy winds up being confirmed
because she doesn't come forward then
she's not worried about his federal
judge positions at that point it's gonna
set up a lie that might come into play
six years twelve years later in the
middle of her couples therapy trying to
save her marriage I mean and if she were
to do that wouldn't she just name him
rather than you know using a description
and by the way
the polygraph test is important the
lie-detector test is important and she
is willing based on what her lawyer says
to testify before senators to answer any
questions that they may have Brett
Kavanaugh responded by saying that he
would also testify these are all
important details and look I don't know
what the truth is we don't know without
a shadow of a doubt what the truth is
we're not investigating this case we
just know the details that have been
reported that have been made public but
what I'm calling for and what I think is
a reasonable request is to postpone this
vote so a real investigation can take
place because look anyone else who's
applying for any job any average
American applied for any average job
would have to deal with some sort of
investigation if these types of
allegations were lodged against them or
they wouldn't even have a chance at
getting that job but this is a possible
Supreme Court justice he should be held
to a higher standard because he is going
to make decisions that impact our lives
and so I think it makes all the sense in
the world to not rush through a vote so
Republicans can have their political win
let's take politics out of it for a
second and actually look into these
allegations to see if there's any truth
behind them and she has throughout all
the therapist notes etc and the
discussions she had in the past referred
it to to it as a rape attempt so it's
not a scandalous thing she made up today
to make it sound worse no that's how
she's always described it she said that
it traumatized her for years on and her
relationship and that's why I came up in
the therapy sessions her relationship
with other men etc she also went on to
say that if judge hadn't jumped on top
of there we don't know what his
motivations were and they're both
apparently as she describes it
incredibly drunk but if he hadn't done
that and she hadn't then gotten loose
that she was worried he might have
inadvertently killed her that's how
serious it was a by the way how does she
get away this part it at least say in
her account is clear she ran as soon as
they fell off the bed she immediately
ran into a bathroom and locked it it
would not come out until she heard them
stumbling down the
the stairs then she unlocked the door
and ran out of the house okay so it is
the description of the event is very
stark so you have to believe that she
made all that up six years ago to try to
frame Cavanaugh today that's a hell of a
thing to do so and look let me just
touch on the politics real quick it's if
you think she made it up then you think
it's because of politics and now of
course the this the smears have already
begun and like legitimate things to talk
about it is she a democratic here a
Republican
for example Roy Moore's accusers or
Republicans so in a sense they had more
credibility because they had no
political dog in the fight to begin with
right I get it and and and the professor
here has given small amounts of
Democrats before it's not some big donor
or anything like that but okay you can
take that into account so if you think
she's lying you think it's because of
politics and I get that this would delay
it and then if it's delayed and care if
Cavanaugh has to withdraw they will not
be able to get a new nominee before the
elections and as things stand today and
this is not what the Democrats expected
but as it turns out there's a poll out
today saying Democrats are leading in
Arizona and Tennessee and Senate races
that were expected to go to Republicans
which would flip the Senate which could
affect Cavanaugh or the next judges
appointment obviously remember we would
have with Merrick garland and how the
Republicans blocked it for an enormous
period of time so there are those
political forces at play so if I thought
it's something that's made up I'd say
look you gotta keep it real that's a
that's a consideration here what the
Republicans do something like that while
I would be skeptical right I'd look into
a pretty closely given how much this
might affect the overall seat the
Supreme Court seat but given her story
it would be extraordinary extraordinary
if she was making it up I I mean that
would be foresight and political
calculation in a field that she is not
in at all in the midst of the toughest
times in her life that would be
borderline shocking and she's already
passed the polygraph test but it
like they're both gonna go and testify
so we'll have more information so should
they delay these proceedings absolutely
absolutely and I'm telling you that not
because haha we will I want to delay it
because the political reasons I just
explained it to you so you can make up
your own mind as to what you think the
political calculations are so
irrespective of that you can't or
because of that hey the Democrats might
be able to delay if they win the Senate
etcetera I'm just gonna push this guy
through even though he might have done
an attempted rape at some point it's not
a sentence you want to speak I mean that
and to be fair to the Republicans a
number of them not all of them not most
of them but a couple of them have now
come out and said no we gotta hear them
out and we especially have to hear her
out
so that's good and of course Democrats
agree there's one final part of this
that I want to touch on and it has to do
with what you had referenced earlier
jank about the book that Mark judge had
written so Mark judge had to go to rehab
for alcoholism and he had written about
that in his book and you know wrote
extensively about his experience
drinking when he was much younger and
Deborah Katz who is the lawyer for Ford
touched on the fact that judge had
denied these accusations but also talked
about how certain things are now missing
they've been scrubbed from the record
either on social media or otherwise
pertaining to mark and what he had said
Mark judge and what he had said about
his his lifestyle and Cavanaugh's
lifestyle earlier so I want to give you
that video so you can see what you know
she has to say about it take a look the
other person who was in the room a man
by the name of Mark judge according to
your your client says this didn't happen
he said it's just nuts this didn't
happen your response well he's also
written three books and many many
articles and Twitter posts that have all
now been completely scrubbed from the
public domain where he acknowledges that
that was behavior that from his
Georgetown prep school days that they
routinely engaged in tremendous drinking
and really in
appropriate behavior and that the
drinking was so severe that they were
blacked out regularly
that's nothing scrubbed I think that's
relevant I mean yeah why are you
scrubbing those things if you have
nothing to hide so we'll see if people
can find that it you can't really erase
any on the internet so we'll see if they
find those and what it might be just
personally embarrassing things to him
that he didn't expect the whole world's
gonna be looking at him
we don't know if it's necessarily
related to Kavanagh but obviously
erasing things at the eleventh hour is
is relevant and and another thing that's
relevant here and by the way if you care
about Ford's
politics then you should care about Mike
judges politics because you know if you
think hey well if she's a Democrat that
might influence her to lie well Mike
judge is a Republican and has written
for the Daily Caller the Weekly Standard
and obviously is friends with Kavanagh
so keep that in mind as well so last
thing from my perspective on this is
remember Ford did not want to come
forward and she went on to say through
her attorneys that she was actually
thankful to find some that was a
conversation we had on Friday did
Feinstein cover this up because she
thought it wasn't not a big deal but
that hey it's not right to bring up
accusations from high school or it won't
play well politically we were having
that conversation well it appears that
question has been settled to some degree
because Ford and her lawyers say no no
Feinstein was trying to do right by us
we didn't want to come out because we
knew we would be viciously attacked
right or wrong and that those smears
have begun so I told you a tip of the
iceberg of things that aren't aren't
aren't even smears they're just about
her voting record etc but questioning
her credibility at cetera has also
become begun today and apparently afford
explain of the Washington Post these are
all the ills I was trying to avoid now
now that she's been exposed because
BuzzFeed reporters had gone in and other
reporters that started calling all of
her friends and she knew that they were
gonna they already knew who she was and
it was gonna get revealed she says now I
feel like my civic responsibility is out
weighing my anguish and terror about
retaliation so keep that in mind too
so if this was a plant from back in 2012
why did she feel this anxiety about the
anguish and terror of of having to come
forward so much so that she didn't come
forward she went to her congresswoman
Eshoo ant the Feinstein she remained
anonymous with the press but she didn't
want to name herself and go through all
this stuff because she knows what the
right wing attack machine looks like and
she's been forced into the spotlight now
because of reporters are covering who
she is well that's also relevant if it
was a trap why wouldn't you come out
immediately and say yeah got you right
yeah so there's a lot of evidence for
the moment being in the public record
that seems to indicate that she's
telling the truth it certainly she
certainly in my estimation thinks she's
telling the truth
and there's good evidence to back her up
I guess the last thing that those guys
would hang their hat on is maybe she had
the wrong guy but she seems pretty clear
on who it was yeah by the way Mike judge
also does not deny that Kavanagh was
there he just says none of this ever
happened right exactly
all right uh we're gonna take a break
but when we come back we're going to
give you some of the smear campaigning
that scumming from Republicans we're
also going to give some credit to
Republican senators who are saying let's
let's pump the brakes and and postpone
this vote before we make a mistake so
come right back I'll tell you who those
people are we hope you're enjoying this
free clip from The Young Turks if you
want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
dot-com slash joined today in the
meantime enjoy this free second
all right back in a Young Turks first
Youtube super chat Alex who says I can't
remember the last time the GOP put
ethics before party they'll push him
through because of an agenda they don't
care about rape I mean look at the
president right
well except Donald Trump has misplayed
this a little bit to say the least
because now the two senators were about
to tell you the second that are not
saying let's go forward no matter what
our flake and corker who the president
has pissed off over and over and over
again so now they're like delay right so
told you he's totally incompetent do you
think for I mean we're gonna have a
longer discussion about this later but
with corker and flake do you really
think that their calls to postpone the
the vote is political or I know I mean
is it relevant that they hate Trump and
Trump has attacked them over and over I
think it is yeah I think it's relevant
yeah I would they a push forward with
the Republican agenda otherwise maybe so
okay we'll talk about that again like
you said in a sec Samuel Vanessa's a
ride said on YouTube super Chad Brock
Turner on Trump's SCOTUS list as well
referring to this Stanford student of
course and it committed a rape fantasy
Avenue is the largest as everyone else
around Trump and Trump himself
well Cavanaugh has being caught lying a
couple of times already in that
testimony so now I'm gonna go to the
members comments Stephen manky says
really the scary thing is to think of
how common the Cavanaugh situation is
given how reluctant most girls are to
come forward for understandable reasons
think about all the people who have not
come forward it's a good point by
Stephen Michele with an excellent point
in the members section she said I am
furious with the Cavanaugh situation I'm
so disgusted with a gender bias inherent
in this story boys being intoxicated
equals being less responsible for their
actions a girl being intoxicated she
becomes responsible for not only her
actions but the actions of someone
violating her that's right that's a
great point though she always happens
always yes thank you for that
that in and now I'm gonna tell you about
membership so let me just start by
giving you one quote here Allen today
right central members section I just
became a member after listening for for
free for a couple years and I absolutely
love all of the content I can't believe
how much you get for only 5 bucks a
month it's more than worth it Thanks
everything you guys do Thank You Allen
we appreciated thank you for signing up
to and we do think it's a bit like
progressive Netflix you've got more than
a dozen shows that you could watch and
listen to so what are the questions you
guys have been asking about is hey what
happened to the investment money so I
want to just address that real quick
here for a second
first since we're doing the membership
drive let's take a look at where we are
remember we started right after Labor
Day at 27,000 661 it's at TYT calm
slides join to become a member
let's see where we are today thirty-one
thousand four hundred and five so that
is great great beginning to this drive
we got to keep that going and we're
calling it beyond the left side of
history and help us build a home with
progressives so that naturally leads to
questions that are understandable hey
guys you got investment money back in
2017 it was twenty million dollars so
you know what did you guys do with it
okay now let's just think now as no
other company would ever tell you okay
that's a state secret no it's yet at
cetera Center can I tell you all the
details of course on I can't tell you
people's salaries their privacy concerns
etc Center but I will share with you
guys more than almost anyone else will
oh and in the first part of it is that
you have to understand and we get really
an inside baseball here but because we
really your trust is super important to
us and I think we've earned it over the
last 16 years but it's partly by being
honest like this in telling you how
things work right when you ask so
investment does not equal revenue in
order to be a sustainable business your
revenues have to equal your costs and
hopefully be a little above them okay so
when you take investment money in that
doesn't mean that you've become
sustainable or that you can go to the
Bahamas that's not how it works
the way it works is you take the money
in and you put it into infrastructure
into building a company that can then
become sustainable and hopefully
profitable okay so what does that mean
well there's mundane things like HR and
Finance and you guys might think well
I'm gonna undo with fine ass okay that
doesn't help me that's not an extra show
you're right what a company needs that
there's there's no way around that
and so that is a little bit of what the
money went into the other things are the
things that we've been dying to give you
guys for all these years look at all the
new wonderful apps that we have on
Android and iOS etc the new websites
launched that takes engineers I know
that Donald Trump thinks engineers are
weak okay everything there is strong and
we've got a good team of engineers now
and product guys etc so that we can give
you all the products so that you could
easily watch and consume the shows that
we've been giving you the other part of
it of course is the shows themselves so
there's a whole bunch of new shows
partly because we're now up on skinny
bundles like YouTube TV and there are
more to come
partly because we wanted to give you
guys those shows us podcast etc so
Anna's got a new show no filter John's
got John Ida role as a new show
damage report reasonably sure by Michael
Shore you know aggressive progressive
has been around a while but also to
maintain that and bring on the Jimmy
Dore show as a podcast etc all that
requires producers editors graphics
people stage crew let alone the hosts so
obviously those are all expenses that's
what you build you build what we call
the home of progressives and I think
it's fair to characterize it as I just
did a little while ago as a progressive
Netflix then you have to make revenue to
try to make sure that you cover your
costs so there's still a ton of people
that work here and any rent etc I for
Sonia this is obvious it's super obvious
but for others I want to make sure that
you understand how it works so why are
we doing a membership drive because
that's revenue that actually makes you
sustainable and this is really important
guys its revenue that is comes from you
guys so we
serve you I've said this from day one I
want to align our financial incentives
with what you guys want if it's aligned
with what other people want and I get it
looks sales is still a huge part of the
industry and to some degree it has to be
that long as you with the advertisers
okay and then there are other interests
and that aligns you with other people I
would rather be aligned to you guys so
if we build those hundred thousand
members we are Rock and they will not be
able to move us there is no pressure in
the world that can move this show and
this network if we are at a hundred
thousand members so that's what I mean
by building the Houma progresses
together because that's what makes us
sustainable going into the future and so
I'll end on a fun note here my daughter
was just graduating preschool that's
apparently a thing now graduating
preschool I'm like well I don't think I
want to over congratulate her on that
but anyway they sing a song and it's
called the wise man built his house and
it goes the wise man built his house
upon the rock and every time she goes
like this she's five years old built it
upon the rock apparently that means
really stable oh the rain came down I'm
not gonna read the whole song to you but
the floods came up and the wise man's
house stood firm and then they rub it
into the foolish man they say the
foolish man built his house upon the
sand the rain came tumbling down the
floods came up and the foolish man's
house went splat I saw it
the point being guys is that I hope
we're being the wise man by building it
upon your rock and and I know you guys
and I know that you want a really really
progressive showing a network and
unfortunately that one outside of us
does not exist now and without us
probably would not exist for quite some
time if you're happy with lukewarm
Democrat talk there is some alternatives
out there for you guys but you want real
strong progressives that are gonna fight
back
and that are gonna fight for you this is
how you build it so I hope you guys can
participate T y-t-dot-com /join thank
you all right we have more Cavanaugh
news for you including a story that just
broke so let's get to it
the Senate Judiciary
mitii has let everyone know that there
will be a hearing on the Cavanaugh
allegations on Monday next Monday and
that is important we don't know details
about whether or not Cavanaugh is gonna
testify or Ford's gonna testify but we
do know that both parties have agreed to
answer any questions that the Senate
Judiciary Committee might have about
these attempted rape allegations that
Ford has accused Cavanaugh of and this
is important because remember the
Judiciary Committee was set to vote on
Kavanagh as confirmation this week on
September 20th but it appears that there
will be a delay in that vote so they can
make way for this hearing which will
take place a week from now now there
were some Republican senators who did
call for a delay and I want to give them
some credit first there was a sedative
Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona and then
bob Corker of tennessee both republicans
who are retiring at the end of their
terms join Democrats in urging a delay
in the vote until the committee hears
from Ford the panelist was scheduled to
vote on Thursday afternoon on
Cavanaugh's nomination and as I
mentioned it doesn't appear that that
will happen now that there will be a
hearing next Monday Jeff I'll go ahead
yeah a couple of things here guys one is
a flake is on the Judiciary Committee so
without him they could not have gone
forward anyway if he voted to not
confirm or to not wrap up the
proceedings the Republicans had no
choice and he clearly indicated that he
would not go forward so now that flake
came out let alone corporate if they
lose flake and quark around the overall
vote let alone Murkowski and Collins
they're toast he won't even get
confirmed so now that they realize they
can't just push this through as they
were originally planning then that's why
the hearings begin on Monday because
they're like okay well then we got a
hurry because if it lasts any longer we
might not make it before the midterm
elections so now that the couple of
Republicans have forced their hand the
rest of the Republicans are going okay
then let's go let's go let's get them in
right now right now get Cavanaugh on get
and let's try to wrap this thing up
that's what you're seeing today exactly
so to give you flakes statement he said
I've made it clear that I'm not
comfortable moving ahead with the vote
on Thursday if we have not heard her
side of the story or explored this
further he continues to say for me we
can't vote until we hear more and as
Genk pointed he is a member of the
Senate Judiciary Committee so it is
important to have him on board also you
know keep in mind that flake that just
to be fair and full disclosure he has
been a vocal opponent and critic of
Donald Trump so that might be relevant
to you I want to make sure you know
about that also bob Corker said the
following a delay would be best for all
involved including the nominee if she
does want to be heard she should do so
promptly and if she does participate in
this hearing next Monday then it would
be pretty prompt so we'll see again we
don't know for sure whether or not she's
agreed to testifying on Monday so
senator Collins is theoretically
pro-choice so she has to pretend that
somehow Cavanaugh is not going to vote
with the pro-life position which he
probably will and he has been he's voted
against abortion rights in the past as a
judge so but even for those who are
pro-life corker flake etc well they've
got a it would have been interesting to
see what they would have done if they
didn't hate Trump okay and if Trump had
not attacked them over and over again
because all the other Republicans stood
firm let's go let's go let's go let's
get Cavanaugh in because we really need
a prole in their view a pro-life justice
right so we got a and they keep giving
Trump credit because you got Gorsuch
confirmed they say that's one of the
best moments of his presidency
I haven't think it's not that hard to
get somebody confirmed all you gonna do
is pick a Republican when the
Republicans are in charge and just make
sure that they didn't commit attempted
rape earlier oops
Trump couldn't even meet that bar anyway
we'll see how it winds up but but now
given how much Trump is antagonized
flake and corker when you get to what
they consider to be a
close call because they do really want a
pro-life justice on the Supreme Court
they go nope let's hear her out
yeah so that's Trump screwing himself by
being as usual over-the-top antagonistic
to people he might need later it's
because he has no sense of politics or
decorum or basically getting anything
done right but also consider that even
if flake and corker are vocal opponents
or critics of Donald Trump they have
voted along with his policy proposals
and and basically do what he wants but
in this case they're speaking out and I
still commend them for it regardless of
what their intentions are I think that
they're still doing the right thing by
the way
senators Murkowski and Collins also
released a statement about this
Murkowski saying I think that might be
something they might have to consider
meaning postponing the vote at least
having that discussion this is not
something that came up during the
hearings the hearings are now over and
if there is real substance to this it
demands a response that may be something
the committee needs to look into and
Collins also said I want to have both
individuals come before the Senate
Judiciary Committee to testify under
oath both individuals have agreed to do
that
it just remains to be seen whether or
not they're planning on doing it this
coming Monday so those comments were
before the news broke just a little
while ago that the hearings are going to
pick back up next Monday but it's
because of those comments that that
happened exactly and then one more from
orrin hatch who was firmly on cabin
outside him says he believes him but he
says if that were true
Ford's allegations I think it would be
hard for senators not to consider who he
is today
so even hatch saying well if it's true
that's not good news right and and hatch
so far has been defending Cavanaugh
pretty aggressively yes very much so
yeah one other part of this story that
is in my opinion important last Friday
there was a letter released that was
signed by about 65 women who know
Cavanagh who have known him throughout
the years and who supported Cavanaugh
and his character
they were vouching for him well today
there are individuals who have known the
accuser Kristine Ford and they are
sticking by her side and they have some
allegations of their own that I think
are interesting not in regard to
Cavanaugh but I do want you to hear
their statements now this letter that
was signed by women who have gone to
school with Fords say the following we
believe dr. Blasi Ford and are grateful
that she came forward to tell her story
it demands a thorough and independent
investigation before the Senate can
reasonably vote on Brett Cavanaugh's
nomination to a lifetime seat on the
nation's highest court this is the part
that stood out to me they also write
many of us are survivors ourselves the
letter had received three dozen
additional signatures as of Monday
morning just to be absolutely clear
they're not referring to Cavanaugh in
specific and being survivors so this is
partly to counter the Republicans letter
that came out a day after the
allegations where they had 65 woman and
by the way I should correct the record
on this I when we were discussing and I
said I thought those were women that
knew Cavanaugh all throughout his career
no those are 65 women that knew him back
in high school till now spending that 35
years so they did all known from high
school they apparently get the
Republicans claim they got that those
signatures within 24 hours that seems
totally unbelievable so and I think Anna
made a terrific point about that on
Friday so how did the Republicans get
this letter all ready to go to defend
Cavanaugh they didn't know about the
charges that now a lot of people made
that point but Anna added on top
remember when Mitch McConnell warned
Trump don't pick count-out don't prick
him and he said it was because there was
too much of a document trail too many
documents that's what Mitch McConnell
was worried about yeah perhaps there
were some Republican senators already
knew about this had the letter prepared
and that's why they were telling Trump
don't do it could trump by the way
having heard allegations think what's
the big deal I've been accused of the of
similar things
and move forward anyway now that's we
don't know yet but it is curious that
McConnell gave that warning and it is
curious that they had their letter ready
to go immediately absolutely and and
also keep in mind that the paper trail
or the documentation regarding
Cavanaugh's decisions and rulings in the
past it was just par for the course when
it comes to a conservative judge there
was nothing that really stood out during
the confirmation hearings that would
convince Republican senators to vote
against Kavanagh
so I remember during those confirmation
hearings I'm like Oh something really
Bad's gonna come out and nothing came
out from those documents I mean nothing
that would upset Republican senators of
course stuff came out that would upset
progressives or left-leaning lawmakers
but overall it was to be expected the
stuff that came out was to be expected
so I don't know look this is obviously
my speculation but I feel like McConnell
was worried about these allegations that
did come out no it's a really good point
it could be that McConnell was worried
that it would take too long and now it
is taking too long but not because of
the documents but it is also possible
that McConnell thought look I got 51
votes and they're locked in I don't have
to worry about anything unless it's
something so bad that the Republicans
would have to vote against them and and
so him his warnings to trump are at a
bare minimum relevant and should be
investigated as to what Republican
senators knew before these allegations
came out so final part of this story
that I want to touch on is the smear
tactic smear campaign individuals
aligned with Trump's White House are
quickly getting to the smear campaign to
essentially discredit the woman who came
forward accusing Brett Kavanaugh of
attempted rape back in the 1980s
Christine Blasi Ford is the name of the
accuser and when she came out with
specific details to the Washington Post
about this alleged assault a number of
Republicans including Donald Trump jr.
came forward with
Nicholas you know statements about her
so first let's go to Donald Trump jr. he
posted an Instagram post about how Diane
Feinstein is this is all political game
and I'll give you the statement he says
oh boy the Dems and their usual of
nonsense games really have him on the
ropes now he so I just want to be clear
he's kidding so he doesn't actually
think that Cavanaugh is on the ropes but
that's probably the classy thing to do
to joke around about attempted rape
during the Supreme Court confirmation
hearings the guy has no sense of what's
proper but can you blame him he grew up
with Donald Trump is his moral guiding
figure that was his dad and so he
doesn't get that you're not supposed to
joke around about stuff like that but
that's Donald Trump jr. for you as usual
he continues to write on his Instagram
post Senator Dianne Feinstein had the
letter in July and saved it for the eve
of his vote honorable as always I
believe this is a copy for full
transparency and at that point you know
it's the photo that he posted on
Instagram Trump jr. added posting a
picture of a letter that reads hi Cindy
will you be my girlfriend so he's
essentially minimizing what Ford alleges
which is attempted rape by making it
seem as though you know all Cavanaugh
did was write her a cute note in crayon
asking her to be his girlfriend in fact
a lot of Democrats were mad at Dianne
Feinstein because they thought she was
too respectful of Ford's wishes to
remain anonymous and that she should
have released this earlier in fact it
was a Democratic colleague that went to
the intercept and forces forced her hand
basically for his eyes and so if fly
ensign was trying to do political tricks
and released this at the last second
well she chose a curious way of doing it
because then she got blamed by fellow
Democrats because it looked like she was
never going to release it until someone
else made her so maybe you could blame
other Democrats if you're a Republican
but it seems like Feinstein is the one
person
better I don't want to say was covering
it up for you but was not bringing it
forward son she says the wish is up for
it's funny because the Trump seemed to
have a hard time keeping track of things
that both you know help them or hurt
them
like Donald Trump jr. is like oh yeah
held on to it till the 11th out I mean
she didn't just hold on to a shake
Dianne Feinstein isn't the person who
revealed her identity this happened the
way that Jake described the media got
hold of the details the information the
identity of the accuser they were
contacting her incessantly and she saw
that the narrative was being controlled
by people who had no idea what happened
so she decided to come forward and
reveal who she was by the way I have no
love for senator Feinstein I think that
she's a complete and utter disaster and
I wish that she would have been voted
out of office during the primaries but
with that said I think the way she
handled this if she was in a tough spot
because you have a woman coming forward
with these allegations she demands to
remain anonymous and you have to honor
that you have to respect that especially
given how incredibly rough it is for a
woman to come forward with sexual
assault allegations against a person in
a position of power as we're seeing here
yeah exactly
so by the way Donald Trump himself he is
doubling down on his support for Brett
Kavanaugh he says that Cavanaugh is one
of the finest people he's ever met and
he also this case that might be true it
might be true but that's a very low bar
yeah especially for someone who's been
accused of sexual assault himself by
several different women that's Donald
Trump Donald Trump yes
Trump has no intention of dropping
Cavanaugh's nomination and that the
White House plans to try to defend
against the charges that were made and
it's already playing out we're already
seeing it the final part of this is
orrin hatch so senator orrin hatch
believes Kavanaugh does not believe the
accuser and he's been very clear about
it take a look so I talked to him on the
phone and What did he say to you but he
didn't do that
and he wasn't at the party didn't either
there's clearly somebody's mixed up he
said he wasn't at the party that guys
are flying - yeah hey they said he's a
very strong decent man and you believe
them
you should I sure do
do you believe the accusers yeah well I
think she's mistaken I think she's she's
mistaken something
you see I don't know how Orrin Hatch
knows so that when the story came out we
had a tough conversation about how do
you know right and that we talked
immediately about what if the shoe was
on the other foot now things seem to be
a little bit clearer based on all of the
evidence that has come out about how she
told a therapist the therapist took it
in their notes back in 2012 and that it
in force you know it she talked about it
in their couples therapy because it was
so traumatic for her and it was creating
issues for her with other men etc so now
there's a lot more evidence that seems
to indicate that she talked about this
earlier etc right okay so that leads me
to believe her for the moment being
we'll see we'll hear their testimony I
mean anything is possible right
but hatch either have you seen that
evidence or no evidence at all goes no
no he's positive cam knows right and
she's wrong other than your politics how
could you be positive of that that
doesn't make any sense
well Orrin Hatch has a pattern has
displayed a pattern of doing this
especially when there are similar
allegations or allegations of sexual
misconduct against Republicans so I mean
we're gonna take a little time machine
back to earlier this year where Orrin
Hatch decided to believe Rob Porter over
his ex-wives
in domestic assault or domestic abuse
allegations so again this is orrin hatch
from earlier this year
take a look what was your conversation
with yesterday well you know somebody
has employees and helping people and
it was it was a conversation to let him
know that if he needs help in the future
I'll try to be there
question I don't understand I really
don't understand Stefan did you believe
these allegations against the people of
the women I don't play the ball but I
think there's enough there that you have
to take it very seriously
so why okay why don't you believe them
all and if you're taking it seriously
it's constantly with hatch and
unfortunately with a lot of the older
Republican senators let alone older men
throughout Society is gut instinct is I
believe the guy and I want to help the
guy like the victims Yeah right well the
guy the guy needs help Kavanagh of
course I believe Kavanagh is a great guy
he's a great guy order I want to go see
how I can he was charged the accusations
were that he beat women and he said I
gotta go see how it can help there was a
photo of one of his ex-wives with you
know bruises on her face yeah that went
viral and look I get it they work with
these people
and so they form bonds and friendships
and they I'm if I'm being super fair to
orrin hatch he didn't see that side of
porter so he wanted to help the guy that
that was helpful to him in his dealings
with him etc but at a bare bare minimum
you have to be more mindful of the
potential victims and so often we see
callous responses that is not mindful of
that at all
exactly and if we go even further back
to the early 1990s when Justice Clarence
Thomas was dealing with allegations or
trying to defend himself against
allegations by Anita Hill hatch did the
same thing and simultaneously bashed
Anita Hill take a look judge there are a
lot of things that just don't make sense
to me in Anita Hills testimony
I liked her personally I thought she
presented herself well and I think
everybody who listened to her wants to
like her and
and many dooms but judge it bothers me
because it just doesn't square with what
I think as is some of the doesn't square
with what I think is a common experience
and just basic sense common sense and I
know it's it outrages you as it would
make as a would anybody who was accused
of these type of activities yeah I mean
Orrin Hatch has never experienced anyone
put pubic hair on his can of coke so it
doesn't square with him that's that's
just what he thinks I mean that's so
frustrating because so the people care
in the in the coke is the most commonly
used example but I think it's among the
worst examples of what Clarence Thomas
did with Anita Hill he kept badgering
her for sexual favors and to go out with
her that's a million times worse than a
joke about pubic hair in the coke etc so
the the so Orrin Hatch have you had
females constantly haranguing you for
for sex at work I'm gonna tender a guess
that the answer is no okay so it reminds
me of when white people say cops don't
beat me up for no reason so they I guess
they're not doing to blind people no it
doesn't mean that at all but just means
you didn't experience it so and the fact
that you have no empathy can't for all
these decades Orrin Hatch you've had a
chance to develop empathy and still
haven't done it yet
so now other lines of attack they're
gonna use in their what they're calling
their counter-offensive is going to be
hey they made these accusations late
that does not affect the credibility
that accusations even 1% so I think
that's a really weak argument they're
gonna say that the accuser never told
anybody about the incident at the time
when they were in high school she did
tell therapist in 2012 and 2013 and it's
documented in their notes but they say
no she should have told somebody at the
time what else should she have done as a
young girl who was fifteen years old and
and had nearly been raped she said on
her way home she was so worried that
somebody was going to notice that she
was abused and asked her about it
because she was so afraid of what
might think and why was she at the party
where there was underage drinking etc
now we're gonna go back in a time
machine and blame her for everything she
did on that date when she was the one
attacked it's all so that's the attacks
that are coming let me add to that
it's very common extremely common for
victims of sexual assault or rape both
men and women to feel like it was their
fault even if they were the victims and
so they feel shame about it and as a
result will not report it will not tell
anyone about it
so that's something to keep in mind I
mean she was 15 at the time and so
coming forward and and talking about
that publicly at that age is not an easy
thing to do and I wouldn't you know put
it against her for refusing to do that
at the time and megyn kelly presented
two sides of this on NBC and to be fair
to her she made a very good point on the
side of the accuser saying why would the
accuser put another friend of Cavanaugh
in the room if she was making it up she
knows that that guy will very likely
testify with Kavanaugh whether it's true
or not true so that adds credibility to
the accuser that's a great point by
Kelly but she also went on to explain
what the different lines of attack will
be she said they will be looking to see
if she's a quote unquote proven liar so
they will try to analyze everything
she's ever said to try to create that
track record in a sense and then she put
out this conjecture I wouldn't have even
thought of but I think right-wingers do
think this way she said well maybe she
carries a grudge against Kavanaugh
because she actually wanted Kavanaugh
and he blew her off I find that to be
inconceivable like that's I mean to
carry that for 35 years make it up to a
therapist six years earlier I mean that
doesn't make any kind of sense but will
people start saying it it's already on
TV etc and so it the onslaught is coming
so this is the tip of the iceberg
prepare for the iceberg she took a
lie-detector test
okay Blasi for did I think that's
important and let's see let's see if
Kavanaugh would be willing to do the
same you know let's get to the bottom of
truth and if she was willing to do that
then it means something and she passed
that polygraph test let me be absolutely
clear about that okay okay
we gotta take a break guys when we come
back we still have an amazing number of
stories including Ken Starr what is his
views on impeaching Donald Trump no he
no just no no we're gonna do that story
but you know like that's my reaction I
you know I think it might have broken
the hypocrisy meter we have a
thermometer for the member prooke drive
if we had a thermometer for hypocrisy I
think Ken Starr would have just broken
it and we'll tell you about that and
when we come back Jake Tapper does it
again
attacks Alexandria Casa Cortez and and
does so in a way that in my opinion has
a very big lie in the middle of the
segment and so I want to explain what
that lie is and why he had a should have
known or must have known that it was
terribly misleading yeah so we'll
explain that when we return
