ken cuccinelli was on new day with Chris
Cuomo on CNN and another guest that was
on this panel to discuss what happened
over the weekend was Simone Sanders and
so the discussion was about white
supremacy in the country it was a
discussion about the hate rally that
took place in Virginia and the murder of
Heather hire who happened to be a
counter protester at the Virginia event
now Ken Cuccinelli's seemed to disagree
with Simone Sanders in regard to this
rise of hate crimes in America he seems
to think oh well these were isolated
incidents Symone Sanders obviously
disagrees now things got really heated
but I want to show you the first part of
the exchange just to give you some
context and then we'll get to the most
relevant part
take a look you have white supremacist
neo Nazi sympathizers apparently in the
White House and Sebastian Gorka and
Steve Bannon this is not just rhetoric
this is very real for people you know
what in Germany waitress in Germany
there are no statues and monuments of
Nazi soldiers children do not go to
schools named after Nazi generals but in
the United States of America our
children walk through parks walk down
streets and go to schools named after
generals of the Confederacy folks who if
in present they took up arms against the
government would be considered
treasonous because they felt it was
their right to own people that look like
me in this country because it benefited
them economically that's what this is
about and so there is no overstatement
here these know a bunch of racist and
neo-nazis to get together that was a
blogger who got a permit okay so first
of all listen up for that he complained
that if she kept cutting him off but if
you note there actually he cut her off
because she wasn't done with her
statement and that was the beginning of
of the exchange okay so it basically
starts off with her making you know her
argument he interrupts her a couple
times and then
later on when she interrupts him he
doesn't take so kindly to it before we
though let me just say substantively
they created this monster this
Frankenstein with their Southern
Strategy and oh let's go pick up the
southern white voters who are
disaffected by the civil rights movement
and now two different RNC Chiefs have
apologized for the Southern Strategy
because it was clearly racist so now the
chem Cuccinelli's of the world come out
and go why did we do a racist strategy
that wound up having the Republican
Party be the home of the racist it's not
exclusively racist in the Republican
Party not at all and there are
well-meaning people and they're
Christians who told think that their
pastor told them to be a Republican or
God wants them to be reported their
people were just greedy and want tax
cuts no matter how much money they're
there's a million reasons some people
like war right but where are the the
overwhelming majority of racists in this
country they reside in the Republican
Party and it's not an accident of fate
they went and tried to appeal to them
and they did that's what's the most
Anders is partly pointing out here
that's why I can't could sure Nellie is
so upset not because she's talking over
him he interrupted her that's right so
let's take a look at the second part of
this exchange what is your point of
disagreement exactly well my point of
disagreement is that that was an excuse
to bring these groups together the local
bloggers who got the permit to protest
the removal of the robert e lee's statue
then blew this up that was an excuse
look at the how they got the permit and
can I finish the moan we just shut up
for a minute
hold on a second oh you need a reason
you need a reset
so look Simona obviously gets upset
there
understandably so and and part of the
reason for that is anybody tells you to
shut up you're gonna get upset right but
the other part of it is because it's a
well-worn tactic of the right to
filibuster on TV and to speak for as
long as humanly possible so the other
side does not have as much airtime in
this case Simone spoke plenty she did
right but frustrated by that tactic
Cucinelli who you know as a part of his
party they've all done that over and
over and over again when it's turned on
them he's like what you can't do that to
me I do it to you so why don't you just
shut up
what do you mean white supremacy I mean
I just liked it one of the guys who were
in the rally they said no no I'm just
trying to protect how things were so I'm
not a white supremacist I just want to
protect our power no I don't maybe you
don't understand what you're saying but
that's and Cuccinelli is from a very
right-wing
part of the party who thinks who is she
to tell me and what I can and can't say
on TV and so why don't you just shut up
about it also what she was saying wasn't
even in my it wasn't even opinion she's
literally sharing well accurate
historical happenings and how we got to
where we are right now and so you know
he wants to minimize what's going on
minimize away but the reality is there
is an uprising of white nationalists in
this country things got incredibly
violent over the weekend people are now
concerned for their safety they're
concerned to speak out or worried to
speak out and so you can pretend like
it's not a problem at all but I think
you know Republican politicians like Ken
Cuccinelli know it's a problem and
they're okay with that problem that's
that's how it appears so if you're not
okay with it then you should chase those
people out of your party but you've let
them vote for you all these years and
you've stood by quietly as that happen
so don't pretend they all of a sudden
you're aggrieved and shocked and
chagrined to find out the races are on
your side
and as you protect the Confederate
statues of people who fought to keep
slavery don't pretend that you're
shocked mr. grin to find out the racists
on your side by the way to be fair I did
once tell someone to shut up in an
interview you did and that was ten years
ago and it was because he was doing the
right wing tactic of never letting the
other side speak right and so I told him
that I'm not gonna let him get away with
it you know that turned out to be Jay
Sekulow who is now Donald Trump's lawyer
he was a fringe absurd character not
taken seriously back in the day now he's
the lawyer for the President of the
United States so the things that go bump
in the night are real and they're in the
White House help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
