as Wells Fargo and company continues to
be hit with fallout from its scam
account scandal the bank is facing
allegations that it put screws to
customers in yet another way by slapping
them with fees for delays in processing
mortgage applications a former Wells
Fargo mortgage banker who worked in
Beverly Hills alleged in a lawsuit this
week that the bank falsified records so
it could blame holdups on borrowed and
that it fired him for trying to report
the practice is anybody surprised no no
not at all
and it's very typical of that person who
is punished is not the wrongdoer it's
the person who whistle blows and reports
the wrongdoer to the authorities that's
the one that gets punished that's
hardened our society now meanwhile no
one goes to jail and there's no
competition so Wells Fargo doesn't lose
their customers and until the following
two things happen either a there's
regulatory penalties that include prison
time and B there's real competition so
that customers have real choice these
practices won't end I mean it's no
surprise to me that there this was
dealing with fees because that's what
they specialized them
I hate Wells Fargo to the core because
of arming when you when you would draw
$20 from there you get charged $3 $5 and
you end up paying on this money so they
find they always are looking for places
where they can penalize the customer and
your feelings about Wells Fargo put you
in good company with 92% of the country
the distrust their financial institution
yeah unfortunately I have lost Fargo I
had them for everything item for my
mortgage I had them as my as my bank I
think we even have some investment
vehicles with them so I got to purge my
life of loss Fargo but you know we
signed up for all of us at a time when
you know it was easy thing to do either
it was either Wells Fargo or back of
America and at the time it seemed like
Wells Fargo shocking me was the smaller
of the two the underdogs many many years
ago before they bought out all the other
banks which one's Dave idea what they
bought watch Cody Joe Wachovia Cove it
yeah
so it's really hard to get rid of them
though because once you have all of your
direct deposits and your automated
payments all set up to unwind all of
that set up a new back-end is it's a lot
of work but Joe I'm sure you probably
know they make it that way
lutely yeah and they've spent hundreds
of millions billions of dollars on
lobbying so that it is hard to move your
account information because consider
your account information that's your
data yeah but they don't let you easily
transport that data to institution of
your choosing right yeah why can't I say
to Wells Fargo I'm shutting the sound
I'm taking my block of information on on
all my money and transferring to Bank X
yeah yeah you can't do that what we
ought to have is something like we now
have with cell phones like you own your
cell phone number all right so you can
go to any carrier and you'd say this is
my cell phone number I'm switching yeah
similarly you got to own your bank
account number right you can go to any
bank of your choosing and say this is my
bank account number at XYZ and
everything just gets ported over if you
want well it says here well Fargo would
systematically attempt to charge or pass
the rate lock expiration fee on to
customers even when the delay was not
the customers fault so this is actually
very Machiavellian and very devious of
wasps Harbor because I don't you guys
have done you know a whole mortgage
process there are so many forms so many
forms a notary comes to my house and
there's like stacked this thick with all
these little tabs you guys sign and
notarized so many things there's it's
just hard to keep track so when they say
all of this delay under the rate lock
blah blah blah that's your fault not
mine it's hard to figure it out there's
so many fees and so many items itemized
numbers it's hard to keep track it's a
great way of scanning people I don't you
know not so much money where they're
shocked and outraged and filing a
lawsuit but enough that in the aggregate
they're making a lot of money
well that's you know they always say the
perfect crime is the crime that steals a
little
from a lot of people exactly like that
Superman episode yeah it's really meant
the other thing is that I think about
when I was married to a professional
athlete we had a financial advisor who
went through every single step of
everything with us in terms of our
finances but when you think about the
average people who don't have that and
have to bank at Wells Fargo they don't
have high-end banking and they don't
have financial advisors they don't read
the fine print they don't really know
what's going on and they're sticking it
to the man because there are so many
people who bank at Wells Fargo and just
to give somebody on the phone when you
call them that's exactly right to learn
so deal with these fees that are not so
excessive that you're going to spend the
whole day you know taking time off from
work to fight it but it's enough so that
if you call them and you're and you're
put hold you go through the entire phone
tree then you get to someone who is
unhelpful transfers you again
you just give up yeah right and just
move on with their life and that's
they're carrying on so former banker
Mauricio
Lonnie's alleged that the Wells Fargo's
mortgage processing and underwriting
division was understaffed leading to
chronic delays that were not the
borrower's fault but rather than have
the bank waive the rate lock see workers
were would falsely report that the
borrower's had submitted incomplete or
inaccurate information according to the
suit and it doesn't surprise me I mean
because when you do shady business you
do shady business so this you know these
accusations may seem far-fetched to some
people but I mean people are getting it
stuck to them I mean it just it really
seems I believe it yeah and also I bet
if you were patient enough to go through
the phone tree and get someone and argue
they would they would reverse it they
would waive the fees and they'll be like
see how good we are we're super
understanding and we're we have great
customer service please stay on the
phone and rate us you know five for
excellent service and so on and so forth
now they cannot most will not doing that
so they can make most of the fees so
that having it both ways they have a
bad policy in a in place that they know
would result in basically taking a lot
of money for a lot of people but they
reversed enough of them to you know
purport to have good customer service
and be caring towards a customers it's a
scam yeah I believe people should do
those surveys like I think people when
you go to these places and they give you
an option to give a survey you should
rate these places these businesses
honestly I believe in doing that I
thought it was corny before and I was
like I'm not going to do this I'm not
going to waste my time but it does make
a difference because other people do
look at the reviews to see how the
business is doing and you should be
honest I mean people really need to
start speaking up for themselves and
even more so you should act with your
wallet because what's fundamentally
broken about Wells Fargo is the
relationship between Wells Fargo and its
customers which is based on a business
model of the worst you do the better
Wells Fargo does and the reason that I
started aspiration calm is because we
ought to have a different business model
not just different imagery different
commercials etc but actually a different
business model where the customer and
the company went together period and
that's the only way you get it what's
really broken about Wells Fargo you know
at aspiration the only fees we earn are
from the voluntary fees our customers
choose to pass and there's something
deeply powerful about it because it
means that our obsession is to make our
customers so happy that they'll pay us
voluntarily which is in contrast to what
you experience in Wells Fargo which is
their incentive to make you trip up over
forms etc because that's how they are in
revenue from those fees view trigger
rooms so I opened up an aspiration
account and when I was in the degas
recently I lost a lot of money right
there at the casino floor I had to go to
the casino ATM machine to get more and
even though I lost hundreds of dollars
for some reason pain to ATM fee just
drove me crazy as I damn it because
they're taking $7 out of the casino
floor plus my loss Fargo charged me more
for using an on Wells Fargo ATM so I use
my aspiration card to take out the Mike
side to pay the casino what they took
but aspiration didn't charge me anything
Oh
again reimburse me and reimburse me so
you know what I did I increased my
voluntary monthly fee to aspiration so
that I'm still ahead but I'm more money
I felt good about it and I felt good
about not being a sucker to Wells Fargo
paying the casino and paying the lost
Fargo for for withdrawing money which
are lost immediately I want to submit a
TMP because I think it's one of the
things in the bank system that most
frustrates people nothing we're all
fair-minded we understand that when you
get value service you pay for it right
and it's a it's a fair trade but we also
know that when you're being charged for
something that costs nothing to deliver
but that's grossly unfair and ATM fees
are just one of the most unfair things
because we all know it costs nothing to
dispense the money from the machine
which by the way is your money anyways
and add to it the United States is
literally the only developed economy in
the whole world that permits ATM fees in
camp these are illegal and every other
developed economy only in the United
States are banks allowed me allowed to
charge you to get your own money from
them it's true I was just vacationing in
Europe and all over London I remember
seeing ATMs with the sign it says freaky
get your money for free or something
along those lines that basically said
that they don't charge you fees for
withdrawing money of course if you have
an account with you know any major bank
in the US they will charge you to the
correct yeah yeah that's really sad and
it is frustrating and some people don't
know that that is your money they're
using your money to do their business on
a daily basis and then they charge you
to get your own money out of the bank
and that is why you need to seek
institutions like this because it's
really it's really really frustrating it
makes me really angry and if I can have
its final five it's also why we have to
support politicians who are not in a
pocket of Wall Street because the reason
that these policies exist is that the
banks spend hundreds of millions and
billions of dollars on lobbying against
protections for consumers so if we have
we banking we end up with monopoly
politics that result in these kinds of
terrible taxes on consumers
