there's some positive news coming out of
Nepal where they have decided lawmakers
have decided to not only outlaw the
custom of exiling women who are
menstruating but they're actually going
to enforce it because it turns out that
they passed these laws some time ago but
apparently there wasn't really great
enforcement of it so the ancient Hindu
tradition of chapati whereby women are
confined to animal sheds during
menstruation to keep impurity out of the
home was banned by the Supreme Court
back in 2005 but again it wasn't
enforced properly so now lawmakers have
made the penalties for violating this
law a little more harsh now the monthly
exile during which menstruating women
and those who have just given birth just
given birth are denied milk and given
less to eat leaves them at risk of rape
and vulnerable to attacks by wild
animals and extreme cold because they're
really being thrown out of their homes
and forced to live in these sheds until
they're done menstruating now the
practice has remained prevalent in
Nepal's remote West and has led to the
deaths of two teenage girls in the past
year yeah anyone enforcing the custom
will face a three-month jail sentence
and a fine of three thousand Nepalese
rupees yeah so I I believe in the
cultural wars and you don't really hear
a lot of people saying that but I do i
cultural conservatives here in America
and I fight cultural conservatives in
the rest of the world so I'm not a big
believer in religion to say the least
any of them and and so and and I'm not
that big a believer in your traditions
half of them are wonderful I love
Thanksgiving and have a more horrible
horrific and just like it's interesting
the scientists have done studies of
people who were liberal or conservative
and and they have different values
literally and their brains are
structured a little differently now so
one of the things that they're
conservatives value and this is
universal which progressives don't put
as much value on is
tradition things being the same you know
that's why I liberals are for change you
can service or not now these are again
you know they're not general they're
they're a general way of looking at it
let's put it that way right so not every
conservative thinks this way of course
right but so they value tradition for
the sake of tradition which I think I
know I'm sorry you're bringing a
structure that way but you're wrong it
is an irrational position it isn't just
for the sake of tradition though I mean
there were there were brain scans done
about five years ago I believe where
they looked at you know the differences
in a Conservatives brain versus a
liberal spring right and they noticed
that the amygdala is different and and
the fear center seems to be a little
larger with those who identify as
conservatives and the reason why I'm
bringing that up is because I think
people who latch on to tradition don't
just do so for the sake of tradition I
think they do it because change can be
scary right and so when you've known
something your entire life and then all
of a sudden those traditions are
changing that makes people uncomfortable
no no Anna you're right but it's
actually a double whammy there is that
factor of it fear but there's also the
it's an incident in almost all the
religions this idea of preserving your
heritage your traditions they view that
as a part of being moral and it actually
has nothing to do with morality doesn't
have any Anu with how you relate to
other human beings and whether you're
decent to them or not decent to them and
and in fact it often like like in this
case leads to deep immorality and
sometimes your traditions are based on
things that were hideous slavery etc and
sometimes they are based on things that
were in the old days rational so for
example the reason Muslims and Jews
don't eat pork is because that was a
really dangerous thing to do 2,000 years
ago with 2500 years ago with Judaism and
then roughly 1500 years ago with with
Islam if you didn't cook the pork
properly you were gonna get poisoned you
were gonna die there was a reason why
that rule existed well now we got a
little better at cooking pork so that's
outdated yet people still follow because
retention tradition
I do think that fear is based on
gravitating towards some sort of
literalism that will regulate what you
your moralistic universe will look like
right so if somebody tells you just keep
women like out in the shed so that they
won't change you that's an easy moral
universe to live in right versus okay
now what do we do she's bleeding how do
we hygienic ly respond to this in this
moment and what does this mean in terms
of like child rearing and the whole sort
of bag of questions that you have with
like how to deal with somebody going
through menstruation right but it's just
easy to just like push the problem aside
and I think people that hold on to
traditions or culture or conservatives
just won an easy world to live in maybe
out of fear of like what what does it
look like if somebody's not telling me
what to do what to believe what to say
it just it makes your life easier like
sometimes I do wish that I had like this
clean kind of black and white way of
looking at life because I'm constantly
thinking about what is in this moment
how do I critically think about
something euro and also constantly
evaluating options when you're trying to
make it and it could change things could
change right exactly but also one other
just going back to the whole thing about
you know women having their periods and
how they're forced to go live in sheds
until it's over I mean it's just amazing
because if you are infertile society
looks down at you right right like
you're not able to bear children anymore
and so you're not considered as valuable
and then at the same time you know
immense menstruating is a symbol of
fertility right and you get punished for
that as well and it's just it's you you
do if you're a woman for sure do you
live in a new world as a woman right so
just to address whether like Michele
Bachmann is a great example of what you
were talking about there maybe because
she she said that she's so confused and
didn't know how what to do until she
found Jesus and then she just gave her
life over to Jesus right now that's
doesn't make any sense it's you're still
making decisions but it just gave her a
psychological comfort like Oh
I don't have to make decisions anymore
I'll just pretend whatever I think Jesus
said is the right answer season I Got
News for you is not talking to Michelle
Bachman okay and then to your point in
it look T there might have been and part
of the reason why I brought up the pork
examples there might have been an
initial reason a couple of thousand
years ago about the hygiene like hey you
know if the woman who's menstruating is
in the same place as the others maybe
the that causes others to get sick
because they didn't know how to deal
with I gene a couple of thousand years
ago right the answer to that is better
hygiene and education education right
not hey let's get keep doing the same
stupid stuff we were doing two thousand
years ago which has horrible effects one
of the woman who died was because she
was so cold out in the shed she started
a fire and then suffocated in that
little hut that they had a right by a
snake and died as a result of that yeah
and the this unfortunate leads to a lot
of rape it leads to people dying from
the condition weather conditions etc so
but you know you'll tell Hindus this is
this part of your tradition is wrong and
they the conservative Hindus will be
furious and say how dare you it is
tradition and there's different
traditions in this South Asian
subcontinent where okay you can't shave
your beard and if you want to do that
it's voluntary on your part and you want
to celebrate your culture that at least
doesn't hurt anybody I have at it Hoss
but it there's no logic in it right
there's no reason why I have to do it
it's just an old custom and and and
you're supposed to carry around a dagger
if you're Sikh I wouldn't bring it to an
airport hey I mean it's like not all the
religious have filled the room with
nonsense so Joe Lieberman when he was a
United States Senator he's Orthodox
Jewish and so he can't press any buttons
he can't make anything with electricity
work so he'd make his poor assistant
schlep out there to the subway to push
the buttons for him so he can go into
Congress you're not tricking God right
so this is all just nonsense and you
couldn't hate the messenger that's fine
but I assure you that no sky god is
looking down on you go I can't believe
they didn't put the menstruating woman
in the hut
I mean I will I will have to say that I
it's a little bit of a pet peeve when we
outsource all the blame to the idea of
faith or traditions it's the people that
are mediating these texts and trying to
interpret them yes and so I think that's
the issue for me like for example when
when I don't drink people say is that
because of your religion I say no
because alcohol is poison and I know how
I respond to it so I don't want to drink
and if you look at the text the
spiritual tracks in Islam the the way
that it's worded is try to dissuade you
from becoming intoxicated
it doesn't say alcohol outright it does
mention a type of wine but is the people
or the community or the leaders in the
community that exploit that and want to
use that to control people versus people
coming to the text and having an
interpretation for themselves and saying
oh wait a minute this word was used
differently or this means something else
so for me that is like the important
variable in our sort of critique of and
I'm gonna be the first to critique
religion to create any sort of system
that doesn't employ critical thinking
for sure yeah I hear I agree and
disagree yes all these texts are open to
interpretation and you can interpret
them wonderfully positive ways in Islam
there is most there's so much language
about helping the poor helping the poor
and it's one of the pillars of Islam
there's also terrible ways to interpret
Islam same in Christianity there's some
of the greatest people on earth are nuns
etc who are helping the poor the needy
and then so the worst people on earth
who are like yes let's rush over to
Armageddon make sure everyone on the
planet dies let's make sure the US
policy is geared towards mass genocide
like the world has never seen we're
seven billion people are murdered right
so yes it is interpretation that's where
I agree with you on the other hand now
this is me being agnostic and keeping it
real and we all have differences of
opinion the texts suck they're super old
they're not true no one talked to a sky
god and they're old rules and some of
the rules are terrible watch the young
turks commercial-free downloaded a
stream it watch it any way you like at
TYT Network calm /join
