if you can recall we recently covered a
story about a group of people who refer
to themselves as defend Europe they are
essentially people who would like to
stop rescue efforts in in the middle of
the sea where they try to save refugees
who might potentially drown and die as
they're trying to flee their war tone
war-torn countries now defend Europe is
unhappy about European countries
accepting refugees from Africa or from
Middle Eastern countries and so they
want to kind of get in the way of some
of these NGOs that are trying to rescue
refugees at sea now volunteers though
for the German hold on before I get to
that graphic so recently defend Europe
was in the middle of the Mediterranean
and they realized that they can't
actually stop these NGOs from saving
refugees but they want to at least yell
at them yeah and and and kind of monitor
what's going on so as they were in the
middle of this they were stranded
they had a mechanical issue and they
needed help and guess what
the only people around to help them were
those who were saving the refugees okay
so it was a refugee ship how volunteers
for the German vessel who defend Europe
has accused of human trafficking said
that they had been contacted by Italian
officials to assist the right-wing
groups ceased our ship because it was
unable to maneuver due to a mechanical
failure now one of the the chairmen on
the ship that needed to save those who
are on the defend Europe ship said to
help a ship in distress is the duty of
anyone at sea without regard for their
origin race religion or beliefs that's
what Michael bow Schauer said and that
is an awesome quote and they did they
went out of their way to make sure that
they helped those who were stranded now
see I took on a course toward the sea
star and got in contact with the
right-wing extremists but initially they
refused help but later they didn't
refuse help because they were stranded
at sea Wow a right-wing extremists who
were incompetent I didn't see
so if look these guys are too nice the
guys who are helping the refugees are of
course there's a whole host of
progressives and liberals in the world
that are way way WAY nicer than I am if
I was if I was on that ship that's
normally helping refugees that these
guys normally troll but don't know
that's cool we're definitely oh yeah you
would help them no no no no hold 100% no
no I'm definitely gonna help you guys
but first I'm gonna need you to put out
a statement saying we're adrift at sea
and we need help from refugees okay and
I'm gonna need you to say we're sorry
apparently we didn't know what we were
doing I need some sort of statement like
that and then you're welcome come on
aboard of course that's what we do we
help people but until then anyway and
they oh no way no not gonna do it and
then a couple hours later like I'm kind
of hungry dude I want them to say
actually guess what if we're out here
for a little bit longer we're refugees
right we're stranded out here and what
does it feel like to be out here and
away from your country of origin and
maybe you didn't have a choice to be and
to be stranded so yeah in fact I mean
look if I ran progressive things things
would be a little bit tougher and and
for the better and worse but I surround
them with ships and be like no no guys
the minute you apologize about how wrong
your ideology was because apparently
sometimes people need help right then
we'll rescue you but if you say people
don't need help
you know what will happen eventually it
eventually of like but you guys don't
understand our life is in danger
exactly idiots you know twenty-four
hundred men women and children have died
this year alone in those seeds that's
why those ships are out there trying to
rescue people so they don't die they're
doing if you're a Christian they're
doing God's work right they're doing
amazing amazing work and they're
Europeans with great big hearts who are
just making sure that people don't die
and these guys are out there first they
were trying to prevent them and then
they ran into a lot of legal trouble yes
I mean think about how vicious and mean
to be to say I want to stop you from
rescuing people who might be dying at
sea and and but since they couldn't do
it legally now not only they'd go and
just shout at them in the middle of the
sea I mean what children yeah but they
also go on the radio and they troll the
radio and then they try to interrupt
their communicating with one another so
they by the way they've crowdfunded for
this so they've basically taken
donations from people so they can go out
to sea and yell at individuals who might
even be risking their own lives to save
stranded refugees right the right-wing
activists have spent most of their time
at sea shouting through their mega
phones at humanitarian ships and
trolling other crews over radio seems
really productive look the thing is I
get it like if if there is you know this
influx of people coming into your
country and you don't understand why and
you see like the demographic changing
like I get it like some people might be
alarmed by that and so it's okay to have
a conversation it's okay to raise your
concerns but unfortunately you know
legitimate concerns get muddled by like
the loudest people with the squeaky
wheels who make ridiculous claims
against refugees that they're rapists
and they're terrorists and they're this
and they're a lot of them are literally
leaving their own country the only place
they've ever known for their own safety
because they're worried about getting
murdered so we'd be on the other side of
you on that debate if we were having
that debate and now especially in
America because America is not based on
any particular ethnicity and the whole
point is that the whole world is welcome
here and read the statue of what the
poem on the Statue of Liberty but in and
I think that it you know if you're a
decent person it you you would be open
and welcoming to people or who are going
through this process but even if you
aren't to Ana's point you at least gotta
be decent enough to say think about what
these people went through there they
know they're risking not only their
lives their kids lives they if you're a
parent think about that for a second I
mean how bad does your situation have to
be in your home for you to risk your
kids lives out in the ocean
to try to go somewhere else and these
guys have gone out of their way to try
to block that from happening so it's one
thing to debate it about the laws is
another thing that to send a ship out
there to make sure they're not rescued
it's grotesque well and the way that
they are also characterizing this as
them preventing an invasion of dangering
their continent right what do you think
colonialism was like also the interim
between World War one in World War two
where European countries came to who
largely where the refugees are coming
from and colonized those countries right
so I think they also don't have an
understanding of the history that
produced the refugee situation and so
there is very little responsibility
taken by Europe and their politicians
again like if there was something
explained through schooling through
education system through political
officials then maybe they could
understand why there are refugees and
refugees are being created at record
numbers right now and also because of
climate change and the kinds of
emissions that Western nations are are
producing through carbon dioxide right
so all this sort of stuff is this really
interesting sort of stance where
right-wing folks feel like they're the
ones who are being targeted invaded
they're the ones in danger well you can
go to the Greek islands which I've been
to and fascists will come in to like
flimsy refugee camps with flimsy tents
and set them on fire unprovoked
there are squats in Athens that were
organized for Refugees they have come
down there to and set them on fire for
what sort of reason right and so I think
that's where the dastardly nosov all
this comes into play yeah and if you
don't understand extreme right-wingers
the most importantly understand is the
concept of projection so whatever it is
is in their head they project it onto
the other side right so that goes to
your point may which is the northern
countries did an invasion of a lot of
the southern hemisphere and then when
the southern hemisphere has some people
that are leaving
of situations that are bad they go all
got invasion invasion so they will turn
around and so in America again
look we litigated slavery I'm just
giving you an example of projection so
extreme right-wingers will say well
blacks are lazy and prone to violence
wait who enslaved who and who works for
free yeah no and and who is so lazy that
they would didn't want to do their
farming so badly but they would enslave
other human beings so they could send
their fat ass at home make other people
do their work wait who's lazy right and
then say oh they're violent you
kidnapped them a lot of times killed
them Lynch them hung them rape them etc
and guys it's I'm not talking about you
today okay see the random white dude in
the middle of the resident you didn't do
it right but I'm talking about extreme
right-wingers they know that that
happened but they had nonetheless in a
great act of projection or a horrific
act of projection go black so the
violent ones blacks are the savages
blacks are the ones who are lazy so it
happens again and again and again and
this is the latest example of that kind
of projection where they say these poor
people were suffering under these
circumstances are the ones who are
dangerous and invading us watch the
young turks commercial free download it
or stream it watch it any way you like
at TYT Network calm /join
