so Steve Bannon chief strategist for
Donald Trump such as it is and now in a
lot of trouble because he's lost a lot
of allies in the National Security
Council and in the administration and
he's reeling and he's been attacking
McMaster who's a national security
adviser and now people are mad and John
Kelly who's the new chief of staff his
big friends with McMaster and so
Breitbart is on the precipice here so
I'm psychic you call him Breitbart Steve
Bandhan is on the precipice here it is
ironic that their site is named after a
guy who was Jewish and when these guys
are always warning by the globalists and
doing all these anti-semitic memes etc
anyway so but in this particular case
we're gonna talk about his hatred
towards Muslims hold okay excuse me
we're a fun show anyway so the intercept
out was a really interesting story for
Peter Moss about Steve Bannon explaining
why he came to fear Muslims taking over
the West and why he basically the origin
story of why he doesn't like them okay
Bennet yes and he had been and I talked
to a journalist about this and and he
and this Joshua Greene who's writing a
new book about it and they said oh yeah
yeah sure sure sure sure greens like I
have a nun tape so if we could listen to
it anytime you like
so apparently Bannon told him he's like
this is why I don't like Muslims so he
explained that when he was on the Navy
destroyer in the Arabian Sea and and
Bannon did serve in the Navy for seven
years so he'd got on two missions one in
Asia and one in the Arabian Sea and he
said he had he told this story is to
like what scared him and find him about
those these masses of Muslims take over
he says quote it was not hard to see as
a junior officer sitting there that the
threat was just going to be huge
okay he said we'd pull into a place like
Karachi Pakistan this is 1979 and I'll
never forget it the British guys came on
board because they still ran the port
the city had 10 million people at the
time would get out there and eight
million of them had to be below the age
of 15 it was an eye-opener we'd been
other places like the Philippines where
the Matt were
was mass poverty but it was nothing like
the Middle East it was just a complete
eye opener it was the other end of the
earth
so let's note for a second that he sees
a bunch of young Muslims not doing
anything wrong just existing and he said
that's it it's a threat can't you see
it's an eye opener right there's a lot
of them and they are not our religion or
color this is a giant threat so that
right there is amazing and openly
unbelievably bigoted bigoted not only
like I don't like Muslims but usually
more sophisticated people will tell you
why you have to profile them and do
other things and why you have to
discriminate against them because of
percentages and stats he's like no I
just saw them and I hated them
immediately they were so bad right now
of course the funny part is it turns out
almost none of it is true he is so weird
man and that's the thing about bigoted
racist people they just there's
something wrong with them that they hate
other people for irrational reasons so
turns out the intercept tracked down the
log of the ship that he was on it was
never in Pakistan journalism so good
they talked to six people on the ship
and they found the military records the
ship never went to Karachi Pakistan and
it was and he calls it the Middle East
the Pakistan is not in the Middle East
okay he said there was 10 million people
at the time there's five million people
in Karachi it's irrelevant because he
was never in Karachi okay and still
eight million of the more underrated 15
yeah that's right and it turns out and
and of course Karachi was not under
British control in 1979
none of the story is true and it turns
out what scared the living crap out of
him was not Muslims now he's saying I
was the Muslims now it's just turned out
it was foreigners this ship stopped in
Hong Kong which was under British
control in 1979 British officers did
board the ship because that is that's
when you land in Hong Kong that's what
happens to cetera and there's a lot of
folks in Hong Kong
you can't tell with your eyes whether
they're ten million or right and another
story he said oh I looked at or I saw a
row
Iran was like landing on the moon it was
desolate and it was like the fifth
century they never landed in Iran there
were 12 miles off the coast of Iran how
the hell would he have seen it and have
it look like the moon at 5th century
what the hell yeah of course it looked
like the moon because you were so far
front it looked like the moon so the
degree to which this guy is racist and
bigoted is unbelievable and he's the
chief strategist for the President of
the United States of America on real
that's who Steve Bannon is any poll
journalist this help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
