Betty shall be the police officer who
faced trial after the shooting death of
Terrence Crutcher resigned from the
Tulsa Oklahoma Police Department and
then actually ended up getting fired in
the next town over
neighboring Rogers County now the
sheriff there Scott Walton it has been a
very supportive person toward Shelby has
been a fan of Shelby and for those of
you who are unsure of which police
shooting we're talking about this was
the one that took place last year and it
involved a Terrence crusher who was seen
on surveillance with his hands up prior
to Betty Shelby shooting him now we're
gonna show you that surveillance right
now it's hard to watch so I want to give
you that warning with that said let's
take a look he's got his hands up there
for now my company hit the recorder this
guy's still walking they had following
commands for taser I think that's got a
feel
about to happen Ellen's like a bad dude
to me Alan something police when they're
facing westbound you may have just been
tasered all right so she did face trial
for that shooting and she was acquitted
and so even though she was still
employed with the Tulsa Police
Department she felt that she was
isolated from other law enforcement
there so she decided to resign after she
resigned she did get hired by Rogers
County so the jury acquitted her but all
12 of them said that she should not be a
police officer now that's their opinion
and the what matters is their acquittal
but one juror was quoted as saying look
I don't know that she's a bad person but
I know she shouldn't be a cop and the
neighboring County Rogers County was
like no you all saw the evidence against
her think she shouldn't be a cop I don't
see what the problem is and that's
shared the sheriff of that County was a
former Tulsa police officer who had
supported her all the way through so she
testified that she was scared because
Crutcher appeared to be under the
influence of drugs didn't obey her oh
good execute him then yeah and so look
III don't want to go back and adjudicate
this case you know because we've done it
a billion times before but what I do
want to say is look this is not a
different state this is literally the
neighboring County and this was a very
high-profile case and I think it's
important to be a police officer who has
some level of trust within the community
and no but it depends on which community
you're talking about Anna so may you
know this sheriff Scott Walton
maybe he's friends with her and maybe he
thinks I want to support a fellow cop
for that I used to serve with in Tulsa
but and and that's being way overly
generous to him and I don't know what
his real motivation is but the message
that he's sending is if you're a black
person in my County and you've got your
hands up we'll kill you anyway
because I just hired the person who
killed a black guy who had no
weapons on him had his hands up and I
rewarded her I gave her a job I gave her
a salary nice a jury of her peers says
she should never be a cop again I
ignored that okay
whether you like what she did or not by
hiring her you have said the message to
the community that I I'm rewarding what
she did yeah and it depends on what you
mean by community because he doesn't
view blacks in that area as his
community he he views whites as this
community now you can say all you to
Jack you can't read his mind I can read
his actions his actions if you cared
about african-americans and all of the
people that you're serving in your
community would you hire someone who
clearly in broad daylight shot someone
who had their hands up and who you know
didn't have a weapon I mean again at a
bare minimum Oh gross negligence I mean
if she had shot the local mayor or a
judge or a local businessman the guy who
runs the the used-car dealership or
whatever he has his hands up and should
you buy I don't care who cares whatever
boom or I'm scared I don't know he's a
big white guy and we live with a beard I
don't know boom shoot him kill him dead
you think this guy goes well hey good
job way to kill the mayor right okay hey
I'm gonna hire you oh you use Bob down
the street who will go to church with
who's a car dealer guy oh you killed him
even though he had to Sansa great job
I'm gonna hire you he's not gonna do
that
they're certainly sending the message
that that that if you kill an
african-american with his hands up it's
not that big a deal right look I I also
want to say though that I I don't think
that white members of the community are
safe from this type of excessive force
either be and look I don't know what
this particular sheriff is thinking or
what's going through his mind but it
isn't just black members of the
communities that have been in my opinion
unjustly shot and killed there have been
a number of white people even though it
disproportionately does impact the
epidemic does not go necessarily in the
same direction you're right yeah
so I want to be clear about that
disproportionately yes it impacts the
the black community however there have
been cases of unarmed white people who
have been shot and killed by cops as
well and the cops still get the support
from their peers they still make excuses
for them and so no one regardless of
what your race is regardless of what
your background is it is necessarily
safe from this happening to them and I
really I want to get that through
people's minds yeah I hear you it way
dis fortunately hits African Americans
but you know there's lady in the pajamas
just dozens hundreds of cases of it
happening to white people too so if
you're in Rogers County and she's a cop
there now if you got your hands up it
doesn't matter if you're listening to a
cops now to be fair he was not listening
perfectly to her orders right so if you
don't listen exactly to every word they
say
that apparently could be caused for
execution and and the sheriff thinks
that's a good job and so wants to reward
even the guys in the copter who didn't
know anything we're like he looks like a
bad dude
right that is ratio come on that to me
is telling us that as the shots being
fired yeah but even the guys in the
copter who made that racial assumption
doesn't mean by the way that like that
they're maliciously racist and people
have got to understand that their
stereotypes and they might not realize
they have it in the back of their heads
but they just said it why does he look
like a bad dude turns out he wasn't he
was a perfectly innocent civilian who
happened to be a large african-american
guy oh but even they were like I mean
time to time to taste this no it looks
like they're just tased him right no
question they're like oh you know
obviously they were not expecting that
the guy would get shot right but don't
worry the guy who the person who did
shoot him now on the force in Rogers
County back protecting the good people
of Rogers County yeah so if you're
anywhere near Rogers County watch out
there and one super last thing I did
sure he did what they did and she's
acquitted she gets to go back into into
regular life she could go be a furniture
salesman she could work at McDonald's
ecute evoke for a pharmaceutical
company but she shouldn't be a cop we're
not saying that her life should end we
say she didn't she's not even go to jail
what was your own mantra the bounds of
Reason bounds of reason
exactly all we're saying is that's not
the right job for her that can't be an
unreasonable demand help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
