Donald Trump has doubled down on his
aggressive statements in regard to the
potential conflict with North Korea in
fact he essentially said the following
it's about time someone stood up for the
people of our country also he advised
North Korea to quote get its act
together or it could be in trouble like
few nations have ever been also asked
about the possibility of a preemptive
strike against North Korea Trump
declined to comment saying we don't talk
about it but he does believe that maybe
his comments regarding fire and fury
geared toward North Korea wasn't tough
enough and what's interesting is in the
last 24 hours
there have been contradictions and
statements that he's made in regard to
North Korea which is kind of scary we I
don't know if he's really thinking
things through but he did make some
statements on camera as well and I
wanted to share them with you let's go
to the first video number one I would
like to dilute the world I know the
President Obama said global warming is
the biggest threat I totally disagree I
say that it's a simple one nuclear is
our greatest threat worldwide not even a
question not even though so I'd like to
Dean nuke the world I would like Russia
and the United States and China and
Pakistan and many other countries that
have nuclear weapons get rid of them but
until such time as they do we will be
the most powerful look for their nation
on earth by far so real quick I like
that he included the United States in
that list of countries that he would
like to de nuke but he said that his
first order of business as president was
to essentially improve our nuclear
capability so like literally in the same
week he went from one statement to
something completely different so this
is what standard politicians do and
generally unscrupulous people they say
both things so that people can take
whatever they want out of it right so
the people who love the idea of us
having nukes and maybe using them go
well Trump said he'd use the nukes he
talked about nuclear weapon
and how we made it we have now more
better nukes
right and people who are a little
concerned about that Michael no you guys
are being unfair
he also said D nuked the world they
don't even say also he said D nuke he
wants to de nuke the world okay this is
otherwise known as the Sam Harris
strategy where you say both things and
so that when somebody says what you said
you want to you might want to use
nuclear weapons you go how dare you say
that I also said I want to D nuke right
and so and by the way he says nuclear is
our greatest threat well then stop
threatening it you're the one who said
intimated earlier in the week that you
would use nuclear weapons against North
Korea it's not like some other person's
doing it and you there's nothing you can
do about it you're the one making the
threat and you're the one who said that
your first order of business as
president was to improve our nuclear
capabilities so which by the way that
was a statement that he made this week
anyway
so you're right Jake I think that he's
trying to tone down rhetoric which is a
good thing and it's because he is
getting some pushback from those on the
right as well in regard to how he's
treating this entire situation they
wanted to be a little more careful a
little more calculated and measured when
he's publicly making statements about
his plans on retaliate against North
Korea there is a second video I want to
share with you guys let's take a quick
look at that he's disrespected our
country greatly he has said things that
are horrific and with me he's not
getting away with it he got away with it
for a long time between him and his
family he's not getting away with this a
whole new ball game and he's not going
to be saying those things and he's
certainly not going to be doing those
things I read about where in Guam by
August 15th let's see what he does with
Guam he does something in Guam it will
be an event the likes of which nobody's
seen before what will happen in North
Korea
well we're in Hana he just said he
wanted addy nuked
world and he's again now going back for
the at least second time in in this week
and saying it is going to be an event
like no one has ever seen before
earlier refer to fire and fury like no
one has ever seen before in this world
well we've seen nukes so I guess this is
worse than nukes because that was just
atomic bombs that we dropped on
Hiroshima and Nagasaki the guy's a
walking contradiction if you think you
agree with Trump I have an important
question for you which one right and
look to be fair to be fair to him in
that second video that we showed you he
said if they attack Guam they will be
met with you know but yes I get it
you're right and you guys all saw that
for yourselves but first of all remember
he promised a fire in fear like you've
never seen before
before the Guam threat that's what
precipitated the Guam threat from North
Korea so and then they led to him making
Trump make even further threats and now
you just said you want a D nuke and then
said again things like no one has ever
seen before
intimating news and by the way we're not
just implying that the first time he
said it the very next morning he tweeted
out talk about nuclear weapons to make
it absolutely clear he was in fact
referring to nuclear weapons yes so
there is again referring to nuclear
weapons a sentence after he says he
wants to do nuke right exactly and if
they attack one we can attack them back
we don't have to use nukes yeah exactly
exactly and look the reason why I bring
that up it is not to give him credit
absolutely the reason why this is
escalated so quickly is because of the
way he spoke about North Korea to begin
with and that led to North Korea
threatening to attack US territories so
Trump is the problem here he needs to
find a way to de-escalate this situation
instead of making it worse than it needs
to be but one quick comment that I want
to make about public opinion so look I
want to know what the other side thinks
about this because I am curious you know
is it just members of the left that
think that this type of rhetoric is
dangerous or are there people on the
right
who support it and the reality is it's
it's a mixed bag so there are people on
the right who think that his rhetoric is
problematic however there are US
citizens right now who are fed up with
the way North Korea has been handled in
the past so they're not saying we wish
there was military intervention but
they're saying well the presidents that
preceded Donald Trump didn't do enough
right they walked on eggshells they
didn't do enough and why didn't they
hold a China's feet to the fire and I
think that that's a fair criticism and I
think that's honestly where Donald Trump
should focus his energy rather than
let's use our news ya know I've been
saying that for the whole week
no one did enough whether it was Obama
or bush or Clinton now look I didn't
want those guys going to war either so I
know that they made some deals where at
least we needed to have military
conflict and yes the longer you delay
military conflict the longer their
development of weapons can theoretically
go on so that's the downside perfectly
aware of that right another hand the
longer you delay military conflict is
the longer you don't have military
conflict and might be able to avoid it
by other means God knows what a coup
happens in that country I mean the whole
population is basically imprisoned by
just a handful of a dictator and a
handful of his goons so you might get a
surprising result at any moment so in
that sense give peace of a chance now
that doesn't mean you shouldn't take
super aggressive diplomatic actions and
yes you can't have aggressive diplomatic
actions by saying to China hey you know
what carrots and sticks earlier in the
week we talked about carrots for China
how about we talk about sticks if you
don't do what we're asking you to do in
terms of putting pressure on North Korea
we're going to put pressure on you
that's it tariffs oh wow they can start
a trade war yes but a trade war is
potentially disastrous and I don't want
one but is better than a nuclear war so
let's use other really important strong
tools at our disposal to make sure we
resolve the North Korea situation
nobody's happy with Kim Jong Un's
threatening the world over
again but look at the wrong expectations
at Trump sets he says he won't be saying
those things anymore what you can't that
is a promise you couldn't possibly keep
Kim jong-un and all of his idiot
generals are filled with hubris and and
bombast
and for all of our lives all these guys
including his dad and his grandfather
have been like oh we will destroy you we
are the greatest European or an ant
we're a tiger all this is sane stuff
well now if your new threshold or line
in the sand is you're not even allowed
to talk you're not allowed to say those
things well then you're gonna guarantee
conflict cuz that's a promise you can't
keep
and finally just before we came on air
Trump talked again about this and every
time he does in he endanger the world he
said about his tough talk and threats of
nukes etc about North Korea he said it's
not a dare it's a statement of fact oh
she's a child man that's the kind of
thing that third graders say they say to
one another when they're threatening
each other on the schoolyard and that's
what we have we have to man child's here
with donald trump and kim jeong-hoon
unfortunately they have enormous weapons
at their disposal watch the young turks
commercial free downloaded or stream it
watch it
any way you like at TYT Network comm
slash join
