if you relieved that members of the
Senate were unable to pass a replacement
plan for the affordable care act don't
breathe too easy because it turns out
that next year health insurance
companies are planning on raising the
prices of premiums due to the
instability and uncertainty caused by
Trump and members of Congress now keep
in mind private industry hates
uncertainty and so they're unaware of
what's gonna happen mixed signals from
president Donald Trump have created
uncertainty far outside the norm and let
insurers to seek higher premium
increases for 2018 than what otherwise
have been the case now Kaiser Family
Foundation did a study into this because
they were curious to see what the health
insurance market will look like in 2018
and unsurprisingly the numbers aren't
looking too good so let's go to a
graphic 28 kaiser researchers looked at
proposed premiums for a benchmark silver
plan across major metropolitan areas in
20 states and washington DC overall they
found that 15 of those cities will see
increases of 10% or more next year the
highest is a 49 percent jump in
Wilmington Delaware the only decline was
actually in Providence Rhode Island with
a 5% reduction now if you look at this
list you'll get a sense of the cities
that will see an increase in their
premiums New York City 10 percent
Portland Oregon 12% Los Angeles
California 12% Nashville Tennessee 21%
Albuquerque New Mexico 34 percent so the
numbers aren't looking good and ensures
that assume that Trump would make good
on his threat to stop billions and
payments to subsidize co-payments and
deductibles requested additional premium
increases ranging again from two to 23%
so there's a couple reasons why this is
disastrous one is that as Anna's telling
you here they're assuming that they that
they might not get help from the
government to you know on those premiums
as was the old plan so they're like well
let's just in case buuut just boost the
premiums
and and so now you have to pay more
because of the instability secondarily
they thought that that the IRS might
stop enforcing the mandate and the fines
so they were worried about that would
cost them additional premium premiums as
well because then people would stop
getting insurance knowing that there was
going to be no fine so because of that
they also increased premiums by one
point two all the way up to twenty
percent on top of what the 23% we talked
about earlier so that's all disastrous
news for anyone who has to especially if
you don't have employer-based health
care and so and part of the reason why
instability is a really bad idea
instability is a bad idea when it comes
to world affairs markets and in this
case health insurance as well and but
secondarily it creates this ironic
situation where Trump will then turn
around and go oh look at this premiums
are going up because of Obama Katz right
now now the experts say no they're
actually going up because of you right
but you lie about it of course a lie
about it and people will totally buy it
right they'll think oh this is the
Affordable Care this is Obama care look
at the premiums it's imploding and and
that's the that's the frustrating part
about all of this right and it's how
easy it is to spin what's really going
on and in this case again it's about the
instability instability and um you know
this unstable situation that we're
dealing with is at making them raise
their premium prices this is crazy
but I mean that's the reality of the
situation we'll see how it plays out
yeah so don't believe the hype go and
actually check out the Kaiser Family
Foundation report on it and find out
what's actually happening in the markets
if you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
