Greenpeace is chill super chill what I
mean by super chill is that the world is
dying and actually getting super hot and
we have a limited amount of time on it
and that's precisely what Greenpeace
seeks to elongate now if you already
don't know about this TYT is wearing
with participant media on a campaign for
Al Gore's film An Inconvenient sequel
truth to power our campaign is called
hashtag being convenient ten days of
action each day of action we will
introduce to you an NGO and talk about a
specific action you can take to combat
climate change and today we're talking
about Greenpeace we're going to be
talking about Greenpeace in a way that's
different than what you may have seen on
South Park all over the world Greenpeace
is involving itself in action with their
peaceful diplomatic strategies in full
tilt as part of the war on fossil fuels
Greenpeace is now suing the Norwegian
government over plans to drill in the
Arctic a remarkable region marred by a
newly profitable resource oil as the ice
melts Norway begins their move to cash
in on previously unreachable oil
reserves leading countries like Canada
Denmark and Russia to stake claim this
is the new geopolitical frontier where
super powers will be clashing except the
Norwegians aren't too happy about this
either the Norwegian coast is home to
the world's biggest Coldwater coral reef
which serves as a breeding area for
about 70 percent of all fish caught in
the Norwegian and barren seas and if
it's spill were to happen which is
entirely possible if not inevitable that
could ruin entire economies that
revolved around the fish trade country's
stake claims in the Arctic under a
pretty sketchy logic presented to the
United Nations in order to hope to grab
the resources now most are saying that
their tectonic plate extends under the
North Pole and so it's basically theirs
which sounds a lot like colonialism if
only the inhabitants wasn't the most
famous communist of all time Sanna
Greenpeace is fighting with Norwegians
and opposing any drilling in the Arctic
because we're screwing the environment
over which is exacerbating famine as a
result of climate change and Norway's
government understands this that's why I
B even though they're one of the biggest
largest oil producers in the world
within their borders green energy is the
predominant power source so we should
follow Norway's lead and tell our world
leaders that climate change awareness
and renewable energy are incredibly
important first before you do any of
that take the first step in fighting the
battle for the earth and go see an
inconvenient sequel truth the power and
theaters it's in theaters
everywhere and it's an unbelievably
important film to go see see the film
and then go to inconvenience sequel calm
flash action to suit up and fight for
our home
