now to North Korea nation that has
nuclear weapons and is tonight
threatening to use them against the
United States absolutely terrifying to
think of the world is being held hostage
by an unqualified thin-skinned tyrant
with little diplomatic experience who
has access to an arsenal of nuclear
weapons a tyrant who exercises poor
choices and not only his threatening
words but also when something as simple
as hairstyle I am of course referring to
Donald Trump seriously Donald you you
have access to every barber in the
country North Korea best not make any
more threats to the United States they
will be met with fire and fury like the
world has never seen
this is our baby tyrant marrying the
language of the large adult son tyrant
Kim jong-un in the Mexican standoff of a
lifetime even though this was the same
Donald who praised in only a year ago
he's like a maniac and you got to give
him credit he goes and he takes over
he's the boss yeah you know how he did
that by executing even the faintest
dissenting voice like his uncle that's
how he was able to capture power
Saddam's style with sheer brutality and
that's the person whose rhetoric were
mirroring here and that's terrifying
but while Donald may have improvised
this statement in an effort to appeal to
his most loyal supporters like a you see
me graduate the sentiment behind our
approach is carefully put together and
that is also terrified on one hand we
have Rex Tillerson the crony capitalist
who's now the voice of reason trying to
deescalate tensions and then on the
other we have mattis banging war drums
but the only certainty is that Donald
Trump is gambling with the lives of
thousands of Americans and millions of
others living in South Korea and Japan
on the 72nd anniversary of Nagasaki mind
you you know the last time we rained
fire and fury on another country to show
the world our powers and it was unlike
anything they'd ever seen before now
look we could very well turn the North
Korean capital Pyongyang into a giant
fucking crater but even with swift
effective military strikes and a
potential decapitation North Korea would
rain down terror on the region
especially on South Korea with artillery
and conventional weapons or with missile
strikes on the island of Japan at the
sound of the siren children could fit
down
and wait for further instruction this is
a drill a loudspeaker announces a
missile has been launched but even with
casualties potentially reaching into the
millions the aftermath of the
destruction poses an even greater danger
in the resulting North Korean power
vacuum
who knows what maniacal general or
family member is gonna be able to seize
control of the nuclear weapons while the
maniac we're familiar with is scary
enough an unfamiliar maniac is
potentially catastrophic like Dennis
Rodman what if Dennis Rodman took
control over the Democratic People's
Republic just imagine that literally do
what everywhere else blood everywhere
Donald Trump is forcing North Korea into
a corner but the reality is that Trump
possibly on the advice of his generals
is actually forcing China into a corner
the only reason North Korea is able to
exist as a hostile State with nuclear
warheads is because China continues to
supply the country controlling 85% of
its trade and frequently flouting UN
sanctions however China also doesn't
want to start a war in the region
for starters they'd be responsible for
millions of refugees fleeing over the
border and no one wants that and they
would also lose their gambit fail son
State North Korea which currently is a
buffer between America and China but
while the Chinese government may be
uncomfortable with the North's cries of
glowing war at least they understand
what we Americans fail to grasp North
Korea will never give up their nuclear
arsenals because they've learned from
the mistakes of Gaddafi's regime in
Libya giving up their nuclear weapons
means inevitable sodomy at the end of a
bayonet for kim jeong-hoon
so North Korea's nuclear program is
literally Kim Jong Un's way of
protecting his ass he's trying to
preserve his ability to exploit millions
of North Korean citizens while reaping
billions of dollars for himself mostly
to fuel his fancy cheese addiction and I
get that cheese is delicious not Swiss
cheese though that means you're a
sociopath anyway DME or top three
cheeses Kim yet cheese dick is putting
his health at serious risk due to
dangerously high consumption of cheese
short of foon committing suicide because
he lost access to his beloved cheese's
the current sanctions placed on North
Korea are not going to work our world
leaders are giddy about taking away
1 billion dollars away from a country
that has a GDP of 28 billion
maestra media is calling this the
harshest sanctions ever levied by the UN
but that's like getting one Bill
O'Reilly off of Fox News there's like 40
other old white pathological dick-pic
senders that will gladly take his place
Plus agreeing on sanctions doesn't even
guarantee compliance the Kim's regime is
notorious for committing identity fraud
and setting up complex networks of front
companies to do their illicit dealings
China knows this the UN knows this and
our generals know it too pyongyang has
also reported to be evading financial
sanctions by still being active in
global financial markets through a vast
network of Chinese based front companies
Trump's asinine rhetoric about how he's
going to unleash fury on North Korea is
misguided and unnecessarily escalates
the tension it's an obvious pander to
his base at the expense of global
stability and also conveniently drives
from the front page of stories about his
illicit dealings with Russia the
sanctions so far are also pointless
because they cannot be effectively
enforced but on the other hand we can't
just drop nukes because we aren't trying
to fuck over our allies with radioactive
fallout at this point our only hope may
be that the instructions for pushing the
red button are longer than one page and
smooth brain President Trump can't get
all the way through them I'm a sign
piker don't forget to follow me on
instagram at a Sandeep Iker and on
twitter at us on the hunt please like
and share this video and don't forget to
follow TYT on Facebook and this has been
the breakdown
