Google has fired an employee who wrote a
10 page memo critiquing the company's
leftist monopoly an anonymous employee
had the bravery to write a 10 page memo
brave guy who has too much time on his
hands bravely writes a 10 page manifesto
on how he believes women are
biologically inferior so they can't
accomplish the same tasks as men man
brave guy of course raises his entire
argument on pseudoscience and anecdotal
evidence which by the way I'm willing to
bet he doesn't have a lot of calling
James brave is like calling me brave for
shamelessly self-promoting my Instagram
which you should absolutely follow
you're creating more problems by having
these these discriminatory practices and
then you're also denying basic science
according to notable scientists Glenn
Beck all you need to do to come across
as scientific is repeatedly use the
words on average there was absolutely no
science in this manifest that was
garbage he even linked Wikipedia it was
mostly just assumptions of causations
based on observations which is the most
unscientific thing you could do to argue
your point short of using a Ouija board
but hey I guess this is the new way
conservatives are spinning their
misogyny by saying that women are just
inferior because science and after this
memo went viral internally at Google
brave guy James the moor was promptly
fired so Google fires and employs names
James d'amour saying that he violated
the conduct code they have at the
company by advancing harmful gender
stereotypes look I'm absolutely a free
speech advocate I've mentioned this
probably a million times so instead of
playing the same old liberal arguments
I'm gonna argue this from a conservative
pro-business perspective for starters
Google is a private enterprise currently
under the investigation by the
Department of Labor but the Department
of Labor is investigating the tech giant
for gender pay discrimination at a court
hearing Friday a Labor Department
officials said the agency found systemic
compensation disparities against women
at Google and gender pay inequality is
exacerbated by people like James because
Google uses peer performance reviews to
advance employees which means that James
is not only admitting that he can't
fairly critique other employee
because of his own gender biases but
he's also creating a hostile work
environment in which his co-workers are
subjected to his ass backwards way of
thinking so not only is having a
blatantly biased employee like James
putting Google in legal jeopardy with
title 9 employee anti-discrimination
protections continuing to employ him
forces others to work with someone who
just publicly questioned their basic
competency this also comes at a time
when the entirety of Silicon Valley is
under rightful public scrutiny because
of the sexual harassment factory that is
uber as the Bay Area increasingly
becomes an elitist safe haven for tech
dude Bros with disruptive ideas like
Pizza drones so please tell me
Republicans
how does Google not have the right to
fire this person what's this argument
really about he talks about diversity
and that you cannot correct a diversity
problem without looking at all of the
facts kind of hard to believe that
you're in favor of diversity of thought
when the president is cheering on the
NFL for not hiring Colin Kaepernick a
person who dared to express his opinion
Kaepernick is an attention-seeking
crybaby who takes out his perceived
oppression the oppression that he was
apparently exempt from while making 19
million dollars a year on the flag and
national anthem so many have fought for
and die for and come home underneath and
most conservatives still cheer on the
Kaepernick is out of a job so I'm
willing to make a bet that the uproar
from the right about d'amours firing is
nothing to do with protecting against
discrimination or promoting diverse
opinions at all because if diversity was
your real issue you'd stand firmly
against the judge that refused to marry
gay people or you'd stand firmly against
gender discrimination and legislation
that restricts a woman's autonomy over
her own body conservatives for better or
for worse are very good at repurposing
victimhood for themselves and masking
intolerant positions as diversity in
essence this new diversity of opinions
narrative is the all lives matter
response to black lives matters the
pro-life to pro-choice it's mental
gymnastics to approach intolerance as a
unique opinion and to pretend these
opinions are based in scientific
research
only because you agree with that because
James is manifest that was simply the
new classical liberal way of saying that
a woman's place is in the kitchen it's a
modern compromise a woman's place is not
necessarily in the kitchen it might be
in the front office or doing
things I guess that's progress James is
entitled to his opinions and the
disparities he identifies in his
manifesto are absolutely real but the
reasoning he provides for these
disparities are based in fallacies and
the solutions companies have applied
like specific training programs and
networking opportunities for women have
proven to be effective so the claim that
these programs are discriminatory is no
different from asking why there isn't a
white History Month when every day's
been white history months is the
beginning of time and if you look at
James's Facebook page you'll see that
he's not an asshole he's just a
misguided guy and I feel bad that he
holds such firm believes on the
inferiority of women but don't try to
make this a diversity argument be honest
about it conservatives you want to
preserve the status quo and you're even
willing to weaponize victimhood to get
there it's typical conservative
snowflake er II I'm a psalm piker don't
forget to follow me on instagram and
sandeep Iker and on twitter tucson the
Hun don't forget to follow to UOIT on
Facebook and this has been the breakdown
