great news TYT is partnering with
participant media to help solve the
climate crisis but we need your guy's
help make sure you check out our series
ten days of action to learn more about
what you can do to make a difference and
also go see an inconvenient sequel truth
to power it's in theaters nationwide
right now it has a really important
message and I want all of you guys to
learn that and absorb it it's very
important look at president Trump isn't
going to lead then we should and I
believe in the American people and I
think we can do it already the majority
of Americans are on our side and so our
civic leaders mayor's governors and
businesses and they're all moving
forward to stop climate change so don't
worry guys no single person can stop us
if we fight together we can win so I
pledge to join the movement and hashtag
be inconvenient go to inconvenience
equal com slash action to be part of the
solution the internet is abuzz after one
man shared his love for his wife his
name is Robbie Tripp and he posted on
Instagram about how his wife doesn't fit
the conventional beauty standards of a
skinny model but he actually absolutely
loves her for the way she is he thinks
that she's insanely attractive because
of how confident she is so let me read
you what he wrote and then the response
to it is where things devolve and will
probably make you lose faith in humanity
so he writes there is nothing sexier to
me than a woman who is both curvy and
confident this gorgeous girl I married
fills out every inch of her jeans and is
still the most beautiful one in the room
guys rethink what society has told you
that you should desire a real woman is
not a porn star or a bikini mannequin or
a movie character she's real look the
only issue that I have is a real woman
is a real woman period doesn't matter if
she's a porn star or if she's skinny or
overweight whatever who cares don't
don't tell us what a real woman is women
are women that's it now the criticism
came from a plus-size model Tess holiday
and she tweeted how there is a
difference in reaction toward a man who
says he loves his curvy woman versus a
woman who's curvy who says she loves
herself so let me show you what she
posted guy likes curvy woman 16000 667
faves national news curve
woman likes herself 12 faves 48 people
in your mentions talking about diabetes
which is true but that's not I I think
it goes too far to criticize him he's
just trying to be sweet to his wife
leave him alone
to me the more annoying quote was she
said stop giving men trophies for doing
the bare minimum all right but the guy
is trying to be a nice guy
and maybe he you might even argue that
he did it in artfully like he's
basically saying my woman is big okay
I'm not sure she appreciates that I
don't know I have no idea
no but yeah but he's obviously trying to
do the right thing get off his ass Yeah
right so she's all over him oh my no or
don't you want a trophy yeah because I
was a decent person think he won the
trophy I think he was just trying to say
like you know I love how about we just
stop buying into conventional beauty
standards okay so anyway here comes a
twist
then maria kang the the so-called fit
mom gets involved as she decides to go
after tess holidays criticism okay so
let me read you what she says okay did
anyone read the story about a husband
loving his wife regardless of size i
thought it was a sweet tribute of
someone loving their spouse despite any
standards so far so good
no issue when i see someone like tess
holiday criticized this it's
disheartening tess is an obese model not
thick plus-sized or curvy who has
popularized the term f your beauty
standards and should promote positivity
in all forms
okay so what's up with like than
unnecessary like she's obese like just
shut up how about that just shut up yeah
how about everyone just shut up how
about everyone just leave this goddamn
man alone he wants to show affection for
his wife move on with your life okay
there are other more important things to
comment on I mean it's just I feel bad
for this dude cuz he's like I love my
wife and then all of a sudden got these
public figures jumping you know down his
throat
and and criticizing it just relax
everybody relax
everything's gonna be okay we have a
president who's about to start war with
North Korea let's worry about that okay
all right like how we got spork that we
became a goddamn man well it's
seriously though
could you buy can you possibly expected
this he puts out a nice little thing
that he thinks probably nobody's gonna
see he's not a public figures why is
that a public figure
ooh nice upon this okay anyway and he's
like oh I love my wife and they're like
how dare you and people go to war over
it it's so so good it makes me so
frustrated and and look and I know that
Kang Marie Kang's trying to get
attention everybody's trying to get
attention that's the world we live in so
she's like oh this would be a good
opportunity I'll take a point that is
that some people will agree with and go
hey get out of his life we agree with
that right and then I'll turn it ugly
anyway can kinda move proved Tesla's
point so by the way I took it his test
was I'll defend her for a second more
talking about how our society decides to
congratulate this guy our society jumps
on and gives Maz he didn't he didn't
like his his post 16,000 times everyone
else did right it's just our response to
the target of the bullying is oh yeah
you stood up for yourself for a second
but fu and the response to the guy who
stood up and protected the normally
bullied was like what amazing person
that's not his fault it's society's
fault right right so it look if you want
to make a comment about that which she
started off with I think that that
comments fine right because it's true I
mean everyone's like oh my god he's so
sweet but if a curvy woman posts a
picture of herself on Instagram wearing
a bikini and she says I love myself
she's gonna get hate right that's that's
a common thing so yeah it's an
interesting commentary on you know the
double standard in society but then she
followed it up with oh he wants a trophy
he didn't ask for a trophy he's just
showing affection to his wife and then
this Rando dude is now all of a sudden
dealing with all these public figures
chiming in and criticizing it it's just
it's kind of unfair
well upside of the stories I figured out
what I am I'm a plus-sized talk show
host
