great news TYT is partnering with
participant media to help solve the
climate crisis but we need your guy's
help make sure you check out our series
ten days of action to learn more about
what you can do to make a difference and
also go see an inconvenient sequel truth
to power it's in theaters nationwide
right now it has a really important
message and I want all of you guys to
learn that and absorb it it's very
important look at president Trump isn't
going to lead then we should and I
believe in the American people and I
think we can do it already the majority
of Americans are on our side and so our
civic leaders mayor's governors and
businesses and they're all moving
forward to stop climate change so don't
worry guys no single person can stop us
if we fight together we can win so I
pledge to join the movement and hashtag
be inconvenient go to inconvenience
equal com slash action to be part of the
solution executives at Google made the
decision to fire an engineer who wrote a
memo questioning women in tech now I
take issue with the way that this story
has been reported in the news and I
highly recommend that everyone actually
read the memo that has been
controversial because you might have a
different perspective than what the
media is telling you but I do have the
relevant portions of that memo for you
and then we'll have a discussion as to
whether or not he should have been fired
now the engineer is James d'amour a
there he is
and again he's the one who put out this
memo internally and then got fired as a
result the memo did go viral and it
specifically had to do with diversifying
the workplace and trying to be more
inclusive of women in tech now the memo
called Google's ideological echo chamber
relied on certain gender stereotypes
like the notion that women are less
interested in high-stress jobs because
they are more anxious or suffered for
more anxiety to rationalize the gender
gap in the tech industry so look that is
I'm gonna keep it real that's there is
research indicating that women on
average suffer from anxiety more than
men do and it's because of hormonal
differences I consider myself someone
who's in favor of equality I consider
myself someone who believes in diversity
in the workplace but I don't believe
that that is Nessa
sarolea stereotype because there is
scientific evidence to back that up
however we'll have a debate about this
in just a second let me give you more
information about what he wrote so he
wrote that openness directed toward
feelings and aesthetics rather than
ideas women generally also have a
stronger interest in people rather than
things relative to men so he lists the
differences between men and women and he
does say throughout the memo look these
are not these are generalizations so
it's not to say that every woman is like
this but generally speaking here are the
differences between men and women and
it's playing a role in the gender gap in
the tech industry so later on in his
memo he describes what could be done to
kind of mitigate the differences so you
can be more inclusive inclusive of women
but again he says that you know women
are more interested in the aesthetics
and being people pleasers that I think
is a stereotype but will continue he
says that women are different from men
in that they believe in extraversion
expressed as gregariousness rather than
assertiveness also higher agreeableness
look so we're actually going to the
worst parts there cuz I think all that
is a crock of crap okay I I don't I
think that's the the worst part of his
memo I agree with you that the memo is
more interesting than people are letting
on yeah because here's the thing
look the media has I don't want the
media telling me what I should think
about it I wanted to read the original
memo and I read it was an open mind and
I wanted to see where he was coming from
the way the media is reporting it it
makes it seem like it's just this memo
insulting women and and treating them as
if they're genetically inferior or
biologically inferior to men in reality
what he's doing look there are
generalizations in there that I disagree
with however what he's trying to do is
show that there are differences between
men and women and if we want to be more
inclusive of women in the workplace well
then here are certain things that we
could consider so it wasn't this memo
where he's like women's silk man or
women in the tech industry this and
that's the way the media is reporting it
and it's just I think it's unfair well
so I'm more mixed on it than you are so
let me first talk about the positives so
look he talks about
- but he also talks about right-wing
bias he so and he's not an
unsophisticated thinker right so it's
not a knucklehead it online being like
oh man men have it so bad you know just
a non intellectual arguments that are
stereotypes etc right and in he
sometimes these sites that's like the
men by the way suffer 93% of the
work-related deaths so they are picking
jobs that are in some ways certainly
different than women well that's an
interesting point and that's a stat and
you could interpret it in different ways
but you don't fire someone for citing as
that and he says things like feminism it
has made great progress in freeing women
from the female gender role but men are
still very much tied to the male gender
role if we as a society allow men to be
more feminine than the gender gap will
shrink so that's a really interesting
point here's here's another interesting
point near the end in one of his
footnotes men are expected to be strong
to not complain and deal with problems
on their own men's problems are more
often seen as personal failings rather
than victimhood due to our gender
gendered idea of agency this discourages
men from bringing attention to their
issues perfectly fine point okay so it
said it's an interesting memo in in
those regards but I think that when he
gets into the dick by so-called
biological differences between men and
women that's where he I think he totally
goes off the rails so now it's one thing
to cite to Stan about work-related
deaths that's perfectly fine stat and
and and makes sense and it's an
interesting conversation to have around
that's that well and are men choosing
certain jobs women choosing certain jobs
and Anna and I have discussed a million
times on the show
that's 77 cents on the dollar that women
make for per men is not about the same
job exactly there's a there's a ton of
factors in there and you have to look at
it holistically but when he starts
getting into women likes things and guys
like ideas no that's not backed up by
overwhelming research you can't
generalize like that based on weak sauce
you know either
one study I kind of think said that that
is not a conclusion you can reach let me
jump in because the thing is you're
right he makes good points in there that
I think should have led to a discussion
within the company as opposed to Google
freaking out and then immediately firing
him because they got a little bit of
criticism right however I do agree with
you that there were generalizations
there that are not backed up by evidence
there were points made about the
differences between men and women that
are backed up by evidence the anxiety
point being one of them but look but
here's the here's one thing that I
completely disagree with right so his
argument is well man men are just more
assertive than women which is why
they're more likely to get paid more
they're more likely to get hired for
these positions and look that is not a
biological difference between men and
women that is a social conditioning
issue because when a woman is assertive
when a woman is strong when a woman is
aggressive the way society treats her is
very different from the way society
treats a man who's just as aggressive or
just as assertive and so we need to
understand you know that that is an
issue as well and by the way I'm not
denying at all that there is an issue
with sexism in the tech industry I
actually experienced it firsthand when I
moderated a panel at a conference called
collision in New Orleans I had to
moderate a panel with two Silicon Valley
CEOs and they were horrendous to me on
stage would not let me speak insulted me
in front of a crowd of people and I
could not believe the way that they
treated me there so I'm not gonna deny
that there is an issue but what I want
is a dialogue and unfortunately when you
immediately fire him and don't have that
dialogue I don't think that that leads
to real progress so look don't get me
wrong he is not a moderate he's
definitely on the conservative end of
the spectrum he calls himself a classic
liberal which means he's really
conservative okay that's like an excuse
people use and he says things like the
same compassion for those seen as weak
creates political correctness okay
number one that's total nonsense
number two he's in essence they're
saying women are perceived to be weak
and need to be protected hence we do all
these diversity programs for them etc
and all it is is political correctness
now or it could be that they have been
historically disadvantaged
now that is context and it should be
something discussed and debated as to
how to address that so for example that
why did we do civil rights and
affirmative action in the first place
because whites had almost all the jobs
and and understandably they would want
to give it to their kids so you're a
longshoreman you want to give it to your
kid now in order to do that you can't
let blacks have that job because you're
gonna give it to your white kid so you
can say ah now I can't give it to my
white kid you're discriminating against
me no we were discriminating his wife's
and not letting him in that job in the
first place so it's a matter of how you
frame the issue and you could say oh
that's just political correctness and
you're just being weak by giving in to
it no there was obvious historic
discrimination and there have been
against women as well so I don't agree
with his framing and it's interesting he
also asked for a safe space he says that
this creates a quote psychologically
unsafe environment end quote for men so
okay that's fascinating again I'm not
saying the guy's a monster but if I'm
the boss I gotta say hey listen you
wanted to start a conversation about the
disparities and and that could lead to a
different pay scale and have a
conversation around what jobs women seek
except that's an interesting
intellectual debate and I'm not gonna
fire you over that even if it's against
our company policies and etc right but
when you say imply that women are weak
and and Anna you know there's a tiny bit
of research on the anxiety thing it is
not conclusive so I don't agree with you
that and the way he framed it is even
worse he says neuroticism in describing
women hirings out in the anxiety lowers
stress tolerance so now what have you
done you've now if if we say that's an
okay thing to say now at a meeting when
a woman says something and we we haven't
taken any action on this right
then okay are people wondering oh is it
because she's neurotic is it because
she's weak I get that is always she just
being
variable right I know but here's the
thing I think that unfortunately the way
that companies react to these types of
memos or these types of comments it ends
up being counterproductive because I
agree with you there were things written
there that I disagree with but I'm much
more interested in having a conversation
about it then you know kicking them out
of that conversation and then pretending
like that type of ideology doesn't exist
right cuz it exists while working at
Google right now who completely agreed
with that memo right and so if they
think that this problem is now gone
because they fired him
they're absolutely wrong and by the way
look I'm not gonna um I looked into the
anxiety thing because I don't want to
accept it I'm a woman I don't want to
accept that I I'm gonna suffer I'm more
likely to suffer anxiety compared to men
but it was not just you know some may be
random study it was a study done by a
researcher at the University of
Cambridge they found through their
research that women are twice as likely
to suffer from anxiety and specifically
because of hormonal differences and so
but it's just one study and I'm not
dismissing the study right but but you
can't draw gigantic conclusions and then
base your hiring decisions or argue that
your hiring decisions should be based on
just one study look I agree with you on
that but again that's why it's important
to have a conversation I know but look
so it's a little different now I argued
that rush limbaugh shouldn't be fired I
when he said outrageous things remember
Don Imus back in the day when the
nappy-headed comment right I argued he
shouldn't be fired I argued that exactly
bring him in let's have a conversation
let's have a conversation on air whether
it's the right or the left al Sharpton
I've disagreed with him plenty I don't
think he should have been fired okay but
they're not doing talk shows which is
the whole point of a talk show is to
have those conversations the whole point
of media is that I think to to have
these discussions college campuses we
agree that conservatives should come on
college campuses that's an area where
you're open to having a conversation
this is a different it's a private work
environment where it is super important
to them to be able to attract top level
talent who are both males and females if
you don't take action on this guy now
just think about it this way
say it's not men and women and he wrote
the same exact memo but about whites and
blacks and he said oh I have some
evidence that blacks are more neurotic
now he didn't say that I don't know I'm
not trying to have you hold that against
them okay I'm just giving an analogy for
what would you do in that circumstance
blacks are weak blacks are neurotic
blacks are this blacks for that okay
now the difference between men and women
are more significant than the difference
between races so I'm not impugning in on
him but if he wrote that memo you know
you'd have to fire oh right yes so yes
okay but there are differences between
men and women right there are things
that make there are significant benefits
that women have you know and there are
significant benefits that men have so
for instance when it comes to IQ anyone
who comes to you and says like men of
higher are accused in women no okay in
terms of the gia the the G factor
general intelligence I believe it's
referred to we're the same
okay but there are differences so when
it comes to spatial reasoning multiple
studies have indicated that men are
better with spatial reasoning but there
are other things that women are actually
stronger than men on and so look I think
that we actually do a disservice when we
pretend like no man we're completely the
same or the completely the same no there
are differences we all have our
strengths and weaknesses and so if we're
to have a genuine sincere conversation
about how to improve the workplace so
there is equality we need to keep those
differences in mind that's not to say
that women are less than or men are less
than but again we have strengths and
weaknesses that we should celebrate and
we should talk about and unfortunately
we don't talk about it and I think it is
a disservice and that's the reason why
companies like Google haven't solved
their you know equality issue no I look
so these different situations that that
conversation should be had here it
should be had on conservative talk shows
they should be had on you know on TV and
college campuses etc okay but Google is
a private company and they have an
enormous number of women working there
who now feel like they're going to be
judged at every meeting if the if this
is considered within the acceptable
ideas not because of politics but
because this guy is saying women are
biologically
not right for these jobs and if you say
yeah that's acceptable that's totally
fine
now what have you told those women and
even if you think that that is an okay
idea
well those women don't feel that way
you've done to 40% of your workforce or
whatever it is right yes and let alone
by the way if you're running a company
how about your clients your customers
50% women and and so you have to take
those things in the account let me be
absolutely clear I do not agree that
women are not fit for these jobs so for
anyone who might think that I just want
to make sure I clarify that right but
and I get your point there should be
some consequence especially if it is
discouraging women in the workplace if
they feel like they're being judged of
course but immediately going to firing
him I think it just goes too far yes if
you want to suspend him maybe that makes
sense to me but I don't think what he
wrote was was meant to like destroy
women in the workplace I just think that
it's being painted that way and
unfortunately because of the way it's
been handled I don't think that an
important conversation that should
happen internally is gonna happen that's
all I'm saying
yeah look we will certainly agree on
this Anna which is that in an ideal
world I if I'm the CEO I pull him in it
and right and I and I do and I have
female executives there as well and we
have a conversation and we go hey let me
understand what you were trying to say
right and drill down and what research
are you basing this on right and get us
and can you see how calling women it
appears that you're calling women
neurotic in general right and that that
is something that they could reasonably
take offense at you're asking for a
psychological safe space for men but
look at what you just said to all the
women who work at Google by painting
them in this through what it reasonably
appears to be a derogatory light to him
fine let's have that conversation and
maybe he's got great answers and then
you go and do that maybe in front of all
of Google right but if he doesn't have
great answers I think you got to take
action yeah okay that's fair I agree
with that
