I think Islam hates us I will do what is
necessary to prevent this threat from
spreading to our shores and work every
single day to protect the safety and
security of our country radical Islamic
terrorists and she won't even mention
the word from Kristen Stewart's love
triangle to the failing New York Times
it doesn't take much to urge our
commander-in-chief as long as he or
someone like him is the aggrieved party
he can't let his fingers fly fast enough
to launch a spirit of Defense on Twitter
but when the victim is less sympathetic
say I don't know Muslims well then
there's nothing but radio silence on the
president's Twitter feed oops did I let
that slip am i insinuating this guy has
a prejudice against a group of people
based on their religion Donald J Trump
is calling for a total and complete
shutdown of Muslims entering the United
States damn right I am
Paris attack outraged Quebec mosque
attack zilch well not technically zilch
when initial reports suggested that the
evilest salient was Muslim spicy related
the president's outrage and reiterated
the need for a ban but when
investigators revealed that the
perpetrator was actually a white
extremist the administration went back
to pretending that white people can't be
terrorists London attack outraged London
mosque attack nada San Bernardino attack
outraged Portland attack squat you get
the picture his latest do-not-disturb
moment happened early Saturday morning
after a makeshift bomb reportedly taught
through a Minnesota mosque this attack
targeted muslims gathering for prayer at
the dar al Farouq Islamic center in the
Twin Cities suburb of Bloomington but
the attack has left those in the Muslim
community asking why the America first
Twitter happy president could even take
a moment away from his unhinged tirade
about Connecticut Senator Blumenthal's
military record - maybe condemn this
terrorist attack on American soil but
before you assume the Donald Trump will
pay attention to anything you have to
ask yourself the following questions was
it fake news that the perpetrators shout
Allahu Akbar was that an attack on a
Christian Church or any place of worship
other than a mosque where white people
targeted okay then that settles it if no
Muslim white people well the victims
then Donald Trump will angrily express
his outrage that's how it goes
this has become something of a pattern
both with Trump and his most avid
conservative followers they have no
problem whatsoever voicing their outrage
after an attack perpetrated by a Muslim
extremist in fact Trump himself thought
it fit to question another leaders
actions after he prominent attack he
took aim
London's mayor at least seven dead at
forty eight wounded and terror attack
and Mayor of London says there is no
reason to be alarmed
meaning when the terrorist fits his
perception of what a terrorist looks
like Trump is all for condemning the
attack and calling for the immediate
action in response but when Muslims are
attacked likely incited by the bigotry
directed towards this entire group of
people Trump takes a back seat on what
they move along nothing to see here
attitude it happens time and time again
Trump's idea of what counts as terrorism
it's still mirrored in the feelings
shared by many Americans specifically
that by definition only those who fit a
certain profile can be described as
terrorists and it is not just victimized
Muslims who are placed on the bottom of
Trump's Twitter priority pile below the
likes of meek as bad facelift any person
of color who falls victim to an act of
terror is deemed irrelevant to trump
like when Timothy Cohen was ruthlessly
killed in Trump's very own NYC for the
sole reason of being black by a
terrorist bent on killing African
Americans and Trump pled the faith he is
incapable of showing remorse or outrage
when anyone other than a white person
falls victim to terrorism he only cares
about people who look like he does it's
a case of so called mirror neurons this
is a term that describes how when you
see something happening to someone who
looks like you or reminds you of
yourself neurons in your brain fire so
you get the sense that you yourself are
experiencing the thing you are watching
Donald J Trump has demonstrated time and
time again that what he sees as American
is far from the diverse reality of the
nation he governs therefore there will
be no sympathy from this
commander-in-chief unless you mirror his
ethnicity it's not that he doesn't care
about your suffering it's that he
doesn't even see you for me on Instagram
at Francis M Maxwell and on Twitter in
France
and Max will also like and share the
video and as always continue to resist
