the Supreme Court is likely to hear a
case involving the state of Ohio and how
the state purged its voter polls voter
rolls I should say of two million
individuals most of which usually vote
Democrat
now Ohio is fighting for the right to
send notices to any voters who miss to
federal elections inquiring if they have
moved passed away or become otherwise
ineligible to vote if the voter does not
respond and continues to miss federal
elections he or she then would be
removed from the voter rolls now under
the Obama administration the Attorney
General indicated that they were against
the purging of voter rolls in in such a
manner especially because it
disproportionately impacted people who
usually vote for the Democrats however
things are a little different
under Attorney General Jeff Sessions in
fact the Department of Justice has just
switched sides in this voting rights
case now let me give you some more
details in regard to what Ohio did just
so you have a better sense of how it
impacted this past election now over the
past five years
oh hi Oh has purged nearly 2 million
voters from its rolls some of those
voters were legitimately removed because
they either died or left the state but a
2016 investigation by Reuters found that
low-income black Democratic voters were
disproportionately purged so another
thing to keep in mind is that a lot of
the major cities in Ohio were most
impacted by this including Cleveland
Columbus and Cincinnati where voters
have been removed from the rolls in
democratic leaning neighborhoods at
about twice the rate as in Republican
neighborhoods
now of course Republicans will argue
well we're doing this because of voter
fraud but study after study indicates
that voter fraud is not an issue in fact
if you look at anecdotal evidence
whenever there is an instance of voter
fraud it's usually an individual who
leans Republican and so this is
obviously an orchestrated attack against
Democratic voters and that is the reason
why
the 6th US Circuit Court of Appeals
found those purges to be illegal in
September of 2016 siding with the ACLU
of Ohio and groups that represent
homeless Ohioans and communities of
color so of course the state of Ohio has
repealed that decision which is why this
case is likely to go to the Supreme
Court but the thing to keep in mind here
is that the DOJ under attorney general
Jeff Sessions
has completely reversed its opinion on
this they are supportive of Ohio doing
what it's doing to its voters no career
civil rights attorneys signed onto the
brief meaning the professionals inside
the Justice Department said no we do not
agree that you should disproportionately
hit african-americans the poor and
democratic voters for your political
purposes that is not something I as a
civil rights attorney am going to sign
on to so the Justice Department's
switched over to becoming an injustice
Department so is there a valid part of
taking some voters off of roles
systemically yes people die people move
so there is a process by which you do
that but you do that in a way that is
proportional and fair now what they're
doing here in Ohio is voting fraud not
voter fraud but voting fraud on a mass
scale they know that they're hitting
African Americans and Democrats
disproportionately they know that
they're eliminating twice as many that's
a fact it's an absolute fact they're
eliminating twice as many Democratic
voters ok first of all they think oh
well who cares I want to win okay good
then you're on the side of voting fraud
you're very very clear I don't care that
they're real voters I don't care that
they're not dead I don't care that they
didn't move and I don't care that it
hits blacks twice as hard now you could
say hey I don't mean to be racist I'm
just taking away blacks right to vote
because it suits me Wow are you not a
great person well I didn't know that you
were that decent the effect of your
action is by the way yes clearly racist
if you take votes away from blacks and
you know you're doing it and you do it
at twice the rate because you'd like to
win elections I don't care what your
intent is
your actions are clearly fucking racist
right by the way obviously this doesn't
just impact African Americans or
african-american voters in the state
it's essentially every group that
typically votes in favor of Democrats
who are running in these elections but
look you've got to take everything in
context as well it's not like this is an
isolated case in Ohio and you know there
aren't other instances of Republican
lawmakers or Republicans in general
attempting to do away with the Voting
Rights of people who typically vote for
Democrats this has been a strategy
that's been in the works since the 2012
election right where they wanted to pass
these voter ID laws because they claimed
Oh voter fraud is just running rampant
it's not running rampant again study
after study indicates that we do not
have an issue with voter fraud but they
wanted to pass those voter ID laws they
wanted to make it extremely difficult
for students who go to other states to
get their education to be able to vote
because guess what if you're getting
your education in a state that you
didn't typically live in well then why
are you gonna go out there and get a
driver's license or an ID in that state
it's gonna be very difficult for that
person to vote right that's just another
example of people who are being targeted
by these ridiculous voter fraud
campaigns okay so if I know Democrats
never fight back if it's against
Republic's first let's be clear about a
couple of things
so John Kasich is supposed to be the
reasonable moderate Republican he's the
governor of Ohio this is happening under
him so John Kasich a nice racist move
and stop crying about Oh race baiting
what I just stripped all these blacks
from the ability to vote just like we
used to do in the civil rights here in
Jim Crow era what why are you calling me
a racist
oh my feelings are hurt because you
called me a racist well I'm stripping
away the rights of African Americans to
vote no yeah that's why I'll call you
what you are okay second of all this is
cheating
I don't know you say okay I'm not gonna
let your voters vote
okay that's fuckin voting fraud so by
the way Democrats look I know it's not
the right thing to do so you don't but
you've got to fight back
you either got to call them what they
are and you've got it you've got to
fight back in every imaginable way or
find a neighboring
kradic state and were led by a
democratic governor and go you know what
oh I think you're right about voting
fraud I'm gonna vote take away
Republicans votes in Republican
districts two to one oh you're white
evangelical and you voted for Trump at
an 81 percent clip oh man there's a lot
of void evangelicals who died why do you
guys others die too they also move we
got to make sure we got to clean up the
rolls we got to clean up the voting
rolls now that's it oh look at that I
cleaned out twice as many Republicans as
Democrats what a wonderful coincidence
same fucking move you just did and then
watch them cry and cry and cry this is
unfair damn right it is you want to play
unfair let's play ball unfair okay so
every Democratic governor fuck it put
perjure rolls purge him over Republicans
then don't do it two to one you're at
four to one
make him fucking howl okay until they go
you're right you're right you're right
my bad my bad
you're right we won't we won't do they
do these voter purges because it's
illegal it is wrong it is immoral it is
undemocratic
it is on American and and it has the
effect of discriminating against against
certain populations and most importantly
it's voting fraud on a mass scale so but
no Democrats aren't gonna do anything
like that and then they're just gonna go
golly gee don't do that oh gosh and
they're gonna do it and they're gonna
win elections not because they actually
have more voters but because they
cheated four to one four to one get rid
of all the fucking Republicans hey hey
it's not my idea it's your idea you want
to keep doing voter purchase let's do
voter purges okay it's not my idea you
like it I'm cuz hey guys you know what
I'm so fuckin concerned about voter
fraud I think you were right California
world's seventh largest economy by
itself man I hear a lot of Republicans
moved recently let's look into it okay
then we can pass single-payer we can
pass anything we want two can play at
that game of course they won't do
anything like that
because they are actually weak help us
build an independent media together come
join us
TYT Network com
/join
