a trial by jury involving Taylor Swift
began today and it's all over an alleged
sexual assault that she claims to be the
victim of now this took place a couple
of years ago and it involved a DJ by the
name of David Jackson Muller he
allegedly lifted her skirt and grabbed
her but while they were taking a photo
she accused him of doing so to his
employer and the employer ended up
firing him no she never reported it to
the authorities however he is now
claiming that it was a completely false
accusation and it completely destroyed
his career and so he is suing her and
she is countersuing him to fight back so
let me give you some details on this
case it was ignited in 2015 when the
music jockey David Jackson Muller sued
Swift blaming her for damaging his
reputation and for the loss of his
$150,000 a year job at radio station
kygo after she brought the growing
allegations to his employer now what's
interesting about this is you know there
was evidence that he accidently
destroyed and so that's not gonna look
look good in this case and also because
of the nature of this case the burden of
proof is not as serious as it would be
if it were let's say a murder case right
so the burden of proof for jurors in a
civil trial does not have to meet the
same beyond-a-reasonable-doubt threshold
as they would in a criminal case so
federal civil cases have a much lower
threshold of proof in that juries must
only be convinced by a preponderance of
the evidence in order for one side to
prevail so one piece of evidence is the
photo that we just showed you which
features him with Taylor Swift now it's
it looks like his hand is on her butt
but it's obviously not definitive proof
she also claimed that he lifted her
skirt you can't really tell from that
photo but that will be evidence that
will be shown he will testify during
this case she will also testify during
this case and then the fact that he at
Siddhant li destroyed evidence in the
form of a laptop computer will probably
also be brought up and it's not gonna
look good for him okay I want to get
into that more because that's the most
interesting part okay so now she's not
alleging that he grazed her but or that
even grabbed her but he lifted up the
skirt according to her allegations yeah
and put his hand on her bare butt so
that's not a thing that you mistake you
know that's not like oops my he claims
maybe his hand slipped in the photo and
it's not necessarily on her butt etc
okay no point one is what is Taylor
Swift's motivation of making it up so
she's all this she's incredibly famous
she's already incredibly rich the only
thing this can do is get people mad at
her B get into these kind of lawsuits
etc now that's not definitive that
doesn't mean she's definitely telling
the truth it's a data point and it's and
it's a very important one right okay now
look you can take a look at the bridge
let's just look at it one more time and
you can look here and say you know maybe
his hand its lip maybe it's not on our
butt right it looks like there but it's
thing you know that he could turn around
and go doesn't look like I lifted up her
skirt in this picture that's outrageous
and so that's interesting piece of
evidence but when so as I'm reading all
these different things I go it'll be
interesting to see who wins and as an
appointed out in a criminal trial beyond
a reasonable doubt roughly they
explained in law school is you gotta be
98 percent certain the guy did it cuz
you're gonna take his Liberty away
sometimes you're gonna take his life
away etc in a civil trial you're just
trying to determine who's more likely to
be right so it's basically 51% so if you
think that person is slightly more
likely to be right so keep that in mind
so now we have the two different stories
and when it comes to well this guy got
fired he actually got fired not just for
possibly grabbing her ass but his
employers determined that he was lying
to that right so let me give you you
know the statement so executives
determined he had lied about the
incident and changed his story that's
according to court documents
so his employers asked him about it
several times apparently he changed the
story while talking to them about it and
they just finally decided okay we're
gonna go ahead and fire you okay so
here's the part that if I was on the
journey I'd be pretty clear which
direction I was gonna go so they asked
smaller okay you say that you've got
this conversation with your employers
and that that's evidence that's on your
side so they bring that in and he says
man I spilled coffee on my laptop and so
it had a two-hour audio file of his
phone call by the way again with his
employers so the laptops gone I spilled
coffee right you can say well that
sounds fishy but maybe you know people
do soup spill coffee does it really
destroy the laptop and you did throw it
away but okay then they say well okay
we've got an external hard drive and
that has the copy he said that the
external hard drive just quote stopped
working yeah that that happens all the
time okay so let me get this right this
spilled coffee plus the other hard drive
just not working like it's okay that's
okay you got a cell phone that you used
to record the call bring in your cell
phone so yeah as luck would have it I
threw out that cell phone really you
just threw out the cell phone so that's
three things that had the recording of
you potentially lying or maybe admitting
what you did to your employers and they
all just I would have coffee and but
stop working and throw away I think
given that evidence it seems pretty
clear which way this is gonna come out
so look I know what he's thinking I
there's a big payday here I'm suing her
for three million dollars and he did get
fired and his career is screwed maybe
next time you shouldn't grab anybody's
ass little a powerful celebrity who
could easily say you grabbed my ass and
then that's not gonna work out well for
you if you're a DJ right and so I like
the Taylor Swift is putting her look
it's at the middle of controversy it's
never good right and she's got to go
testify and now a quarter of the
Internet will hate her forever because
oh yeah no no way let's try spoo coffee
all over evidence all the time three
different times in a row
thrown away its teletraan fault she's a
woman okay yeah she's gonna go through
all that crap yep
but she's at least fighting to say no
more we're not gonna just let you do
this anymore
and get away with it I'm gonna you're
gonna sue me I'm gonna counter sue you
and I think given the evidence he's
probably in a world of trouble if you
like this clip of The Young Turks you
know there's a whole live two-hour show
6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and you
can download it or stream in and watch
it without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
