ladies and gentlemen we got him now goes
bowling now goes bowling down goes
bowling
another day another Fox News host in
serious trouble now he has not been
fired yet but he has been suspended why
well you might be able to tell by
looking at the screen it is alleged that
by a lot of people that he sent around
pictures of his genitalia to coworkers
of course he did it's Fox News okay
so let's break it down for you yes now
bowling has been with Fox News and Fox
Business for a decade now he started in
2007 he was originally on Fox Business
he's probably best known for being one
of the hosts of the five and he's not on
there anymore he's on new program called
a specialist which he is headlining is
partly headlining it because of his
great contacts with Donald Trump he had
an exclusive with Donald Trump Donald
Trump has praised him over and over
again in social media and it has gone
back and forth that way and so he became
a star by sporting a president who was
also known for sexual harassment on a
network run by Roger Ailes who was fired
for sexual harassment whose lead host
was Bill O'Reilly who was also fired for
sexual harassment so are we surprised by
now that Eric Bolling now charged with
sexual harassment unwanted advances
where pictures were flying around it was
apparently sent to three different women
for thought at the time eight now
confirm it
those pure women talking them about it
contemporaneously meaning that they saw
it at the time reported it at the time
so it's not something that's made up ex
post facto it's not something that came
up because of Roger Ailes and and Bill
O'Reilly where if people go all this is
an opportunity let me jump in now no at
the time they had seen these pictures
apparently and and having them post
broke this story last Friday with
fourteen sources so let's give you the
details
HuffPo explains eric bolling a longtime
Fox News host sent an unsolicited photo
of male genitalia via text message to at
least two colleagues at Fox Business and
one colleague at Fox News at dozens
told HuffPost it's actually more than a
dozen the women who are Bolling's
current and former Fox colleagues
concluded the message was from him
because they recognize his number from
previous work-related and informal
interactions okay not only are they
apparently sexual harassers or at least
allegedly with some significant
allegations here but they're also
unsurprisingly incredibly stupid dick
they'll never know we're gay from Eric
it's got your number on it I'm your
colleague I have your phone number it
shows as eric bolling on my phone and
what is the point of these dick pics
just to like annoying and offend people
or is it - in his mind seduce them in
which his you'd want to clearly label
that it was yours so this is bizarre
behavior and it was at a time when fox
news not so long ago by the way was
where sexual harassment was running
rampant
according to dozens of allegations from
other women related they ales O'Reilly
and others and there was nothing being
done about it so since it was
consequence-free I guess he thought why
not
again the messages were sent several
years ago on separate occasions the
women did not solicit the messages which
they told colleagues were deeply
upsetting and offensive I would imagine
so the stuff that women have to put up
with is unbelievable I mean like you're
like oh I'm gay it's a colleague oh he
has vanished show this is so much fun oh
no he sent me his dick like what an
insane thing to do I don't know maybe
I'm naive maybe I don't know but it's
that's the thing that people do I guess
so but you don't do it to colleagues you
don't do it at work of course that's a
firing offense that's insane okay
and don't send your picture of your
penis to anyone who didn't asked for it
it's not a hard rule okay well more will
be said one don't send pictures of your
penis unless someone asks for it not
complicated okay now here's there his
attorney of course
but later the denial nan de Lyonne
denial denial
mr. bowling recalls no such
inappropriate communications does not
believe he sent any such communications
and will vigorously pursue his legal
remedies for any false and defamatory
accusations that are made okay so I know
legalese so let me break that down for
you and translated when they say he
recalls no such inappropriate
communications that means well unless
you could prove otherwise that I
definitely sent it in which case I said
I'll say I didn't say I didn't send it I
just said I didn't recall sending it the
second part is he does not believe he's
dead he said screw you if I look if
somebody accuse me of that I know I
didn't say anything like that okay no
absolutely not completely and utterly
false not I don't believe I sent her a
picture of my dick you know that's not a
thing you forget and he's gonna pursue
his legal remedies for any false and
defamatory accusations that are made
they're not saying that he's going to
sue now they're just saying if there are
false accusations then we'll pursue
legal charges this is legal talk for oh
god damn it we did it I'm just bringing
it down for you
now of course bowling is he a hypocrite
say it with me the whole internet at the
same time oh so when it was Anthony
Weiner sending dick pics he said at the
time text us if you want a fair and
balanced interview no selfies splits at
the time he knows he did the same thing
his Fox guys are unbelievable
he said about Anthony Weiner he is a
sick human being to continue to do this
time and time again continue to get
caught saying he's not gonna do it again
gets caught again now to be fair to
bowling there he's not saying he's sick
for setting the pictures he's saying
he's sick for getting caught time and
time again so Eric I guess that makes
you sick right now okay now another
denial here kind of bully himself tweets
out this morning after his suspension
overwhelmed by all the support I have
received thank you I look forward to
clearing my name
ASAP wait again there's no denial there
there's no clear saying I didn't do it I
look forward to clearing my name or
whether it's true or untrue
hey amazing that in all this time there
is no very there's no clear denial okay
maybe not so amazing they've got 14
sources okay so and and of course Howard
Kurtz whose main job in doing media
critique at Fox News it's actually cover
Fox News his ass every once in a while
he'll go out there and be like oh well
all the things that have happened advice
they're totally fine I don't know what
anybody's talking about thank you for
that honest media critique so he went
out over the weekend and was like none
of these women have come forward well
first of all look how many times we have
to go through this being sexually
harassed by someone who has some degree
of power over you and bowling we get to
decide if these women came back on air
if they continued as Fox News analyst
etc that it is a very hard thing to come
out forward so you don't blame people
and say why didn't you come out at the
time but again there at at the time that
it happened they showed the pictures to
other people they have witnesses okay
and and it turns out of course Kurtz is
wrong somebody did come forward it's
doctor Carolyne Heldman she's an
associate professor of politics at
Occidental University us she said that
bully refer to her as doctormick haughty
on the air and contact her repeatedly
via phone and text with vulgar and
sexually explicit messages so actually
we have a clip of that from back in the
day this is from 2011 let's watch we
have the American Revolution in that you
know the Boston Tea Party we have a
civil rights movement and the Montgomery
bus boycott this is a part of our
American fabric and I'm happy to see
that it's there the senator from
Wisconsin one of the senators thinks
that this is illegal Eric I'm shocked
that she said the great doctor Makati
said they'd said most American thing you
can do it's the least American thing you
can do easy reacts and they're like
Jesus what I'm going to do okay all
right look if he just left it at that
it's the usual Fox News crap and they do
that stuff
they are all the time Eric Bolling also
when talking about a pilot for United
Arab Emirates who was bombing Isis our
ally bombing Isis it was a historic
first female pilot to do so coming from
the UAE I said oh I guess it's not boots
on the ground its boobs on the ground
that's Eric Bolling okay but we're used
to their disgusting sexism on air it's
the stuff that happens off air that is
far worse apparently in the case of
bowling so doctor Heldman there has more
details she says Fox was the Wild West
of sexual harassment it was very clear
to me that I would have been immediately
off the air if I complained and now we
know through the stories that came out
about Allison O'Reilly that's exactly
what happened to women who complained
and then she had more details in a
Facebook post
she explained he said referring to
bowling he wanted to fly me out to New
York for in studio hits and to have
quote fun he asked me to have meals with
him on several occasions but I found
excuses not to go once he took me up to
his office in New York showed me his
baseball jerseys and in the brief time I
was there let me know that his office
was his favorite place to have sex
that's not subtle and by the way almost
the same exact MO as Roger Ailes and
Bill O'Reilly so hey I'll take you out
to dinner make sure that you come on
come to dinner with me don't come to do
with me you're off the air come to my
office lewd references etc but bowling
did have the classy new-age touch of
actually sending pictures of his
genitalia that'll be useful in court
thank you very much and finally I want
to leave you with an eric bolling quote
that he had said earlier not related to
this he said when my when the lights go
down on my TV career which might be very
soon Eric the next step is running for
Senate hmm probably not you might want
to reconsider those plants so another
Fox News anchor suspended for grotesque
sexual harassment shocking it turns out
the stuff they say on air they actually
believe and
this affair if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
