when you see these thugs being thrown
into the back of a paddy wagon you just
see him thrown in rough I said please
don't be too nice like when you guys put
somebody in the car and you're
protecting their head you know the way
you put their hand like don't hit their
head and they've just killed somebody
don't hit the head I said you could take
the hand away okay my whole family's
from that's the way they talked I said
please don't be too nice come on come on
I mean you know we need to loosen up
here we are we are becoming a humorless
Society I said you could take the hand
away okay I said please don't be too
nice
come on come on I mean you know we need
to loosen up I said please don't be too
nice we are becoming a humorless Society
hey we got pulled over for a busted
taillight in the back and the police
just he's he's covered
he ain't killed my boyfriend I believe
he was making a joke at the time he is
15 years old he had to watch this and
this was put all over the outlet and
everything that was possible to be shown
