great news TYT is partnering with
participant media to help solve the
climate crisis but we need your guy's
help make sure you check out our series
ten days of action to learn more about
what you can do to make a difference and
also go see an inconvenient sequel truth
to power it's in theaters nationwide
right now it has a really important
message and I want all of you guys to
learn that and absorb it it's very
important look at president Trump isn't
going to lead then we should and I
believe in the American people and I
think we can do it already the majority
of Americans are on our side and so our
civic leaders mayor's governors and
businesses and they're all moving
forward to stop climate change so don't
worry guys no single person can stop us
if we fight together we can win so I
pledge to join the movement and hashtag
be inconvenient go to inconvenience
equal com slash action to be part of the
solution you may have heard the story
about the girlfriend who convinced her
boyfriend to kill himself her name is
Michelle Carter his name was Conrad Roy
she was found guilty earlier this year
of I think was a wanton reckless
behavior encouraging her boyfriend to
kill himself and she was sentenced of to
2.5 years in prison the story as it went
down was you heard a lot of kind of gory
details really along the way about how
he stepped out of the suicide in
progress contacted her and said he was
scared and she told him to go back in
there along the way there were texts
back and forth telling them when to do
it how to do it really being the
mastermind of the whole thing so the
sentencing came back as two and a half
years and the sentence was far lighter
according to some reporting than what
prosecutors had hoped for during
Thursday's hearing they asked Moniz the
judge to sentence Carter to seven to
twelve years in prison
Carter's defense requested that she
received no jail time and five years
supervised probation under various
conditions including mental health
counseling because she herself had
exhibited behavior consistent with
mental illness in addition to eating
disorders the judge explained the ruling
Moni said that he did not find Carter's
age her level of maturity or mental
illness to have quote any significant
impact on her actions however he added
that her
age quote offers a greater chance of
rehabilitation so they wanted 12 years
they got two and a half what are your
thoughts well I mean I I'm I'm fine with
the sentence I think that she I think
that her mental health conditions should
be taken into account with a sentencing
even though the judge said that that
wasn't taken into consideration what she
did was horrible and I did feel like she
needed to face some consequences however
you know at the end of the day the
person who decides to take his or her
life is the person responsible for
taking his or her life I those text
messages were really hard to read and
you're right she had an opportunity to
save his life and instead of doing so
she encouraged him to go back into that
car and and die and that it's really
hard to accept that there are people out
there that would do that but there are
and again I think that there should be
punishment I think that 7 years 15 years
that's a little too too long I do think
there's an opportunity for
rehabilitation and I hope that she does
have some rehabilitation or experienced
some rehabilitation I think we you and I
covered this story together before and I
would say that I agree with that but I
want to say something because the face
of terror is changing there's the the
cheerleader who the young girl who just
killed her baby and the sorority girl
who killed her baby and and I know
people get mad at me because I bring up
race a lot but I just think it's
important that this mean girl thing that
has just been it's such a big thing in
our country with bullying and this whole
mean girl thing it's good to see someone
face consequences for doing mean it's
heinous stuff and it's not least the
young black faces all the time for all
the horrific things that they do
business terroristic behavior as well
and so with her I had an eating disorder
and I never tried I never thought about
making somebody want to kill themselves
so I they keep meant her attorney kept
mentioning the eating disorder and I'm
like yeah I mean she hates herself and I
get it and she maybe she throws up or
she
vomits or whatever it is I do think what
she did was awful I don't think that she
should go to prison for seven years but
it's good to see consequences and I
loved the young turks for covering these
stories because I saw a lot of sympathy
for her and and that really concerns me
because it's this little skinny young
white girl that it's like oh my god
you're gonna send her to prison where
all of their like real scary people
she's a scary person what she did was
horrible like I would rather her hit me
with a car than to talk me into my own
suicide is so freakin mean and then to
use that later to brag about it which
was was was really so I don't think
she's going to do forever yeah I mean I
mean that's she didn't brag about
convincing him to commit suicide but she
did you know after after he died you
know she made a big deal about it and
got the community together to like I
think raise money for his funeral and
and you know
played it off as if she was like the the
hero in the situation and then the
investigation turned up evidence
indicating that she actually encouraged
him to go through with the suicide yeah
it that was though the story is just so
horrendous it's hard to even comment on
it right the framing that I understand
that justice justifies her going to jail
is it a like if this was another crime
mm-hm and she was the mastermind behind
it saying here's when we're gonna do it
here's where we're gonna do it here's
how we're gonna do it and if someone's
chickening out on her team during the
ice saying get back in there and do it
well then she would go to jail she would
be culpable for that now in
Massachusetts where this happened one of
the suggestions given by someone who
said so some legal experts took a look
at this and said they thought that it
was going to be overturned on appeal so
she won't go to jail until the appeals
process is done and some legal experts
have said that it'll get overturned yeah
and the best hope for making sure that
stuff like this doesn't happen in the
future is to put forward a law that
criminalizes coerced suicide so that's
the other approach to it do you think
that's a good idea I think that's
actually a very smart idea
because I mean if you don't have that
type of law will then and by the way the
raw the law needs to be written in a
very specific detailed way right because
you need to define what the coercion
means it can't just be like some
arbitrary thing and so having a law
would make it easier to to rule in these
cases you know I mean yeah because again
the person who takes his or her own life
their the purse that's the person who's
responsible for committing suicide but
this was a unique case considering that
body of evidence where she did really
pressure him to go through with it
yeah so anyway don't thing that bothered
me the most was the language that her
father used when he was he made a
statement for the judge and he said that
she would be better for it and that I'm
a mom so I think that really bothered me
to hear somebody say that someone else's
death that because of that what she did
that she would be better for it I think
you know it was just it's just right
it's weird
and we have on PopSugar we have like a
lot of younger fans and just I totally
get the temptation to do weird stuff for
attention it's a temptation you can't
deny but this kind of thing it could
enter your mind whatever but don't don't
do it it's not worth it any kind of you
know attempt it's suicide for for
attention any way to coerce someone in a
grand plan to take their own lives it's
one of those things that I'm sure when
you're seventeen does its bit to me and
as an older I'm thirty-five like to me
that sounds absolutely ridiculous and
just have faith that like time will pass
go through it do something productive
help someone who's in need help someone
if they're saying that they're
considering suicide or that they're
depressed be a friend be a good
girlfriend you know help be a good
person just help that person out have
some empathy and you know what I tell
you as a mom like one thing that the
doctors always tell me is that their
cerebral cortex does not fully develop
until you're 25 so that a lot of people
don't have
accountability they don't have a big
sense of accountability but what I will
tell you is that you're not gonna be
1718 forever and that's something you
gotta live with and to know that someone
at some point your consciousness will
check will catch up with you if you are
a normal human and it just to have
somebody's blood on your hands like that
for the rest of your life it's got to be
awful yeah and one other little aspect
of this decision in the sentencing that
I thought was very important is that the
judge says that after this is all said
and done she is not to profit in any way
from the sale of movie rights
oh that's almost rites or anything like
that so I think that's something that I
don't know if it's in a lot of court
cases but it's important that it's
that's partly
