the newly elected governor of West
Virginia Governor Jim Justice has just
announced that he is leaving the
Democratic Party and switching over to
the Republican side now keep in mind
that right before he ran as governor of
West Virginia he was a Republican
switched over to Democrat and then ran
and because of the backing of
establishment Democrats he was able to
win and now he is switching his party
now before I get into the details about
his past and what's really going on here
and what the real issues are let's hear
from him and his reasoning for why he
has decided to switch parties again at
the altar when we had it done like it or
not like it but the Democrats walked
away from me you were never a Democrat
to begin with but nonetheless let's hear
a little more from him today I'll tell
you as West Virginians I can't help you
anymore being a Democrat governor
so tomorrow I will be changing my
registration to Republican alright
sad litem that's that the whole thing
was sad in so many different ways well
okay him saying that he's switching
party I don't really care right I don't
care because he was never look I'm sure
that anyone has any excitement for this
guy so he is he is the richest man in
West Virginia this whole magnet and the
notion that he gives one about any
one of those people cheering for him is
it's preposterous he was a Democrat cuz
he thought was expedient then he became
a Republican because he thinks that's
expedient
so people who bothered to go cheer from
what are they thinking that is welcome
we weird that the richest guy in the
state becomes the ruler of the state he
becomes the gun it's like we're living
in medieval times like there are the
richest guy and then and everybody's
like yeah he's gonna help but the
richest guy in the state is gonna be
your governor that just this is what
we've gotten to though this is how
screwed up our politics is that this is
what will get you called an alt Lefty if
you bring up how screwed up are because
now it's in our Congress it's filled of
millionaires and billionaires now our
governorships are out bill what is going
on in this country look it's one thing
for the constituents of West Virginia to
think that this billionaire who by the
way has gotten in trouble in the past
for not paying his fair share of taxes
and also has gotten in trouble in the
past because he didn't follow certain
safety regulations in regard to his coal
mines I mean like it's one thing if they
think he's gonna look out for them and
he's not going to I feel like that has
been you know the theme here's a bill
yes but what I'm actually care is oh
what I'm actually more angry slash
disappointed in is how how dumb
establishment Democrats they are okay so
okay I know you guys are probably want a
gigantic rant let me just
you say my piece okay oh my god okay let
me just start with this graphic because
the information here will also probably
infuriate you
justices party switch is a blow for the
Democratic Governors Association which
spent more than 1 million dollars in an
effort to get him elected last year
while the Republican Governors
Association spent three point seven
million backing his GOP rival so these
Democratic governors this association
huddled together and they're like yo
here's a dude who actually doesn't have
any values that are aligned with
Democrats okay he is a billionaire who
doesn't like taxes exactly doesn't care
about the safety regulations to protect
his coal miners um great let's spend a
million dollars to get him elected in
West Virginia how about the Democratic
establishment actually prop up people
that have the same values as us right
and that's that's the biggest we had
that issue with the you know general
election and then you know you have this
issue on a smaller level when it comes
to governors and and you know members of
Congress just wake up stop spending
money and resources on people that don't
actually reflect our values so he was
first elected to office last year and he
was wooed by both the Republicans and
the Democrats
why for his values or because he's rich
that's it that's all the parties care
about so the parties care first and
foremost about money do you have money
give access to money if you do we're
gonna back you it we're gonna woo you
then we'll spend our money to back you
beat us all we care about so the
Democratic Party would this guy spent
the million dollars on him and then he
flipped because they're clueless I mean
come on
so even when they win they still lose
yes unbelievable
and not all obviously but some Democrats
would much rather run their mouths about
how terrible someone like Bernie or his
supporters are instead of actually doing
a little bit of self-reflection to try
to figure out why it is that people are
leaving the electorate
members of the electorate are leaving
the Democratic Party they're not turning
their backs on you you've turned your
backs on them right yeah that's the big
problem and one of the day's complaints
by the Democratic voters is that we
didn't vote for Hillary we didn't vote
for a lot of people because they're the
same the two parties are the same and
then you have other people say no
they're very very different what this
proves they're not that different
they're literally the same is exact same
human being he was a Democrat today and
tomorrow as a Republican he took a
million dollars with Democrats and
tomorrow take a million awesome
Republican Party and he'll and it's the
same donors funding the whole thing so
it gives total credence to the notion
that the two parties are identical
they're not there are differences but
you need to underscore those differences
and and explain to the voters why they
should bother taking a day off from work
standing in long line right to vote for
candidate other than what we're better
than them okay that's a crap message
that's no message at all so it's deeply
deeply frustrating disturbing and all of
that so think of it this way
you know how the Democrats decided to
give behind this guy even though he's a
cold magnate and he's a billionaire and
I'm sure he doesn't share any of the
values that a progressive Democrat would
share can you imagine it happening the
other way that it was a real liberal
Republican running for governor
somewhere and then the GOP put all this
money behind them concei inconceivable
that there was two super liberal guys
running for a governorship one's a
Democrat one's a super liberal
Republican and the Republicans want to
get this liberal Republican and elected
that would never ever happen but the
Democrats will put all their weight
behind a super conservative guy who
claims he's a Democrat because they
don't give a about going left they
really want to go where the money is
just like you said all they care about
it's insane it isn't saying it's and
right now there's donors and zip in
Florida right you've heard about that
story that are back in a Republican over
a Democrat so a lot of Hillary donors
are now we need a revolution and Bernie
wasn't wrong he was right and it's
getting almost too late for one yeah
look we need we we need a party that
actually listens to the concerns of the
electorate and right now we don't have
that and and it worries me instead we
have a bunch of defiant people who have
enjoyed this
some and they don't want to change it
you know and then the defiance is what
gets to me the most because you have a
huge portion of the electorate telling
you please just listen to our concerns
and they're like no no and then they go
ahead and antagonize those people
continue antagonizing them they're not
gonna vote for you didn't work last time
let's keep doing it and I'm just amazed
at the people in the crowd who think
because it's billionaire coal magnets
which from Democratic Republican and
matters you know a pittance to them I
know all of a sudden you're allowing me
better like come on guys sad babies if
you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com /join
