lawmakers in the Senate have essentially
done something to prevent Donald Trump
from making appointments during their
recess this is incredible
so these lawmakers agreed to a series of
pro forma sessions that ensures the
Senate never officially goes on recess
the move effectively blocks President
Donald Trump from making recess
appointments while senators are away now
I think that this process kind of began
when senators realized that there was a
possibility that Trump could have fired
Jeff Sessions and then found a way to
get rid of Robert Mueller but now it
might be for a completely different
reason so many Americans must be
wondering if the president is trying to
pry open the Office of Attorney General
to appoint some someone during the
August recess who will fire special
counsel Mueller and shut down the Russia
investigation but things are a little
different now okay so Chuck Schumer
released a statement and said let me
state for the record now before this
scheme gains gains wings Democrats will
never go along with the recess
appointment if that situation arises we
have some tools in our toolbox to stymie
such acts action we're ready to use
every single one of them and they did so
Trump now has an open slot at the head
of the Department of Homeland Security
after he named General General John
Kelly as his chief of staff so there is
an open position and the Senate wants to
make sure that Trump doesn't make any
appointments while they are on break so
so I would have paid it differently to
be honest I would have let Trump fire
Jeff Sessions because one Jeff session
is a horrible human being and I would
love to have him out of there number two
I think Trump really damages in himself
if he does that I think that accelerates
his ouster so I don't know that the
Democrats play this right and given
their past track record whatever it is
that they do they seem to be doing the
wrong thing so I won't be surprised if
this backfired on him but what's
interesting to me is how much
senators you know circle the wagons and
protect their own because Lindsey Graham
nearly lost his losses pearls when when
there was any kind of threat against
sessions and he was like you are not
gonna fire just sessions and he went on
a you know raving defense of him so it's
like a little club that they have and
once you're in the club you protect one
another and you know it's like John
McCain getting a standing ovation and
applause when he left his deathbed to
vote in favor of continuing the
conversation in favor you know for for
Trump care yeah so it's interesting to
me how much the Senate is an insular
body out to protect his own so this
actually kind of thing that they're
doing at Trump now was pioneered by the
Democrats during the George W Bush era
and Barack Obama they did it to him to
when he was trying to appoint the
National Labor Relations Board he they
did a pro forma session so they were
never in recess technically and he
didn't recognize it and Obama in one of
his rare strong moments he won and
appointed the guy anyway the Supreme
Court overturned it and they said Obama
couldn't do that so they've been doing
this since george w bush you know it's
it goes back to when a recess
appointment goes back to when I took the
Senators a long time to travel back to
their districts and come back well now
it's one plane right away so that that
doesn't really so this is a stupid thing
that they even have a recess appointment
anymore anyway so yeah they should I
think they should get rid of it yeah I
don't know why the Democrats are
fighting so hard to maintain Jeff
Sessions I get it because because they
don't want Mueller to be fired because
they like me yeah but wow that's letting
letting him fire sessions I think might
be a good thing yeah but I I don't look
I don't think that this is just a
democratic effort I don't think it's
just Democrats and Senate that are that
are pushing for this I I think there are
members I think there are GOP members in
the Senate that see some of his behavior
is problematic and I I think I think
there are I really consent
Republican members of Congress that see
Trump is problematic and maybe they're
not as transparent about the way they
feel but I think that it's it's becoming
more and more obvious that they see him
as a threat not only to the country but
I think they're more concerned about
their own party course yeah yeah I
totally agree I think it's interesting
that that the Republican senators are
preventing the you know their party
leader from making these recess
appointments so the question to me is
are they doing it because they want
Mueller in place and they want to see a
real investigation or is it because they
are looking out for their own in Jeff
Sessions maybe it's a little bit of both
I agree with you and a lot of Republican
lawmakers are not happy with Trump and
they would rather him not be there but
they're too cowardly to do anything
against them until it's politically
expedient so they're gonna wait for a
little bit so when Trump makes himself
more of a nuisance and drives a party
out even more and we'll see what hits
out next year in 2018 and they lose some
seats then he's gone yeah yeah they're
gonna turn on him if they do fine and
they maintain a lot of seats that he
might diss coast throughout the first
term and then the reality is that in
four years if the economy is doing
really well I don't know that you know
we asked them especially with the
Democrats the way they run campaign if
you like The Young Turks you love Young
Turks membership TYT Network dot-com /
joy
