he's kind of like a toddler like an
angry you know he's a toddler he lashes
out at people and he's vengeful and he
says really nasty things
I got thousands of dm's about putting
this rebuttal together so yes your
voices have been heard and I'll give you
all my final thoughts on the end of this
piece also keep sending me your
suggestions about other villains on
social media who need to be exposed but
yeah let's get right into it
Tommy I I have a question for you if an
overwhelming number of Republicans
support Obama care provisions such as
pre-existing conditions and allowing
young adults to stay on their plan then
why did 45 out of the 52 Republican
senators vote for a clean repeal of
Obamacare without replacement especially
when you consider the fact that the
Obamacare repeal was only supported by
15% of Americans doesn't it bother you
that your representatives are not
representing your interest Tommy
taxation without representation is theft
and as a libertarian you should be on
board with that right so what are your
thoughts on health care exactly for me I
don't believe it is my right to purchase
health care I don't believe it's my
right to pay for it for other people I
really don't think you know how health
insurance works Tommy because that's
exactly how the insurance works it isn't
about wealth distribution its cost
sharing and if you care about your
fellow Americans or your fans even just
a little bit you would support that but
I don't think you really understand that
Tommy given that you also advocated for
abolishing the threshold for who can get
health care only a couple weeks ago when
you were too busy shitting on Obamacare
I agree that these thresholds are a
problem Tommy so you're basically
arguing that they should be lower right
it's kind of funny to me that you're
absolutely unaware that you're making a
case for universal health care coverage
yeah that is a tragedy it's also the
tragic outcome of using a Republican
health care plan created by the Heritage
Foundation here the Heritage Foundation
right Tommy one of the more prominent
right-wing think tanks that came up with
the idea for Obamacare the only
Obamacare provisions you like our
socialist amendments tacked on to a
capitalist market based alternative to
government provided healthcare
progressive provisions that Congress see
we tried to keep her themselves while
actively trying to take them away from
Americans those same progressive
provisions that you take advantage of
luckily i'm 24 so i am still on my
parents yeah trust me Tommy it's better
that they're laughing because the scary
realization that you advocate for the
destruction of a system that would rip
affordable health care away from
millions as you continue to benefit from
it shouldn't be taken lightly and the
alternative is probably much worse for
you but please go on tell us what's best
for the people for me we all want what's
best for people I just believe that
limited government is the way to just
proven by the VA that the government
doesn't do well in health care no Tommy
it's proven that when you chronically
underfunded agency as you launch more
needless Wars as the number of patients
in need of VA assistance skyrockets it
can't pay for shit the VA absolutely
needs to be better we both agree on that
except that the privatized solution
veterans choice which cost another 10
billion in subsidies that implement has
played out even worse for veterans than
the VA because private insurance does
not have a vested interest in your care
like the government does it only cares
about increasing its returns but do go
on Tommy I also believe in allowing the
states to take more control I think that
that will help them effectively manage
their own citizens except not all states
are created equal Tommy for example in
the great state of Kansas taxes are so
low they can't even afford to keep
schools open so explain to me how Kansas
will subsidize health care costs for its
neediest citizens specifically 150,000
Kenzo nians if their budget is basically
loose change that falls into the cracks
of the office couch but you don't need
to think about that you're privileged
and also none of these really matters
because Chelsea was unable to talk about
a single lie that the president told off
the top of her head that's how bad she
was
it's what he's lying about I've been
where my serve
this is a president who came on the
political scene with one of the grossest
most racist lies ever told that Obama
wasn't born in this country I can't
believe you couldn't remember that
Chelsea Jesus Christ look I'm upset
about this because I don't think we
should be whitewashing light
supremacists by matching them up with
famous TV personalities as if they're
just two normal peers having a normal
conversation and I'm not against the
conversation taking place either but
when Chelsea isn't capable of crafting
solid counter points back with data that
makes Tommy look good or at least come
across as informed which is a problem
because to her fans and even new
Watchers it makes the rest of her skewed
perspective on things like race seemed
reasonable as well if you're gonna give
a platform to someone known for spewing
thinly veiled hate speech the least you
can do is put someone else on stage who
can call her out for making immoral
arguments and if you don't and Chelsea
definitely didn't you're complicit in
the regressive agenda she's spreading on
behalf of private interest groups I'm a
song plugger please share this video
with the friends if you think that
Chelsea Handler didn't really handle
Tanya lasagna too well please don't
forget to follow me on instagram Anna
sandeep Iker and on Twitter Tucson the
Hun and this has been the breakdown
