a team of scientists from the United
States China and also South Korea have
found a way to precisely edit DNA in
human embryos in order to fight disease
was referred to as a disease gene so
super fascinating this is something that
other scientists are really really
worried about because they think it'll
lead to the emergence of so-called
designer babies however the scientists
working on this experiment are
specifically looking for ways to do away
with genes that lead to serious
life-threatening diseases later on in
your life
so this international team of scientists
reports that I that they have for the
first time figured out a way to
successfully edit the DNA in human
embryos without introducing the harmful
mutations that were a problem in
previous attempts elsewhere
now those previous attempts elsewhere
were actually in China where they
attempted to do the same thing but it
led to other mutations that could have
led to other diseases for humans in the
future now the new experiment used a
powerful new gene editing technique to
correct a genetic defect behind a heart
disorder that can cause seemingly
healthy young people to suddenly die
from heart failure so other potential
uses if they fine tune this keep
studying and find that it will be
effective it could help cure people or
prevent I should say it's a better word
prevent Huntington's disease cystic
fibrosis Alzheimer's disease breast and
ovarian cancer but I want to be
absolutely clear that if this is not you
know something that will now be
implemented again they want to do more
studies and they also have some ethical
concerns to address as well okay it's
over we're going to evolve ourselves out
of existence we're gonna banana
ourselves we evolved the banana yeah so
and there will be superhumans it's it's
it's already over it's just a matter of
time so it was nice knowing us Homo
sapiens you had a good run so let me
explain first of all I didn't interview
with some doctors that's up on TYT
interviews about similar procedure
and the reason why they're definitely
going to do this is twofold one
technology keeps improving so they will
get better and better and be like Anna
said we used to do this and it didn't
work now it does two people really need
it and so those diseases are incredibly
important breast cancer kills so many
people in the country let alone
Alzheimer's if you could just knock that
out at the gene level that would be
amazing
and those are just four examples but
this is just the tip of the iceberg they
don't once you get into the genes why
not fix other things and and in fact
look the doctors I was talking to were
it was about a very rare condition where
your heart stops all of a sudden it's
very similar to this story okay and so
if you're if its genetic and you think
your kids have it and they could die at
any moment without warning what would
you do to fix that anything right so
people are gonna investigate this we're
already very close to solving it and
then they're gonna do it right and
rightfully so I would do it so now once
you start doing it there's no end to it
so the minute you can cure cystic
fibrosis somebody's gonna say I want a
kid who's a little taller can you do
that technically not yet is it
theoretically possible enormous leap
possible slash almost easy now I'm not a
scientist and scientists go ahead on the
comment section and I don't want to
oversimplify it but it's not a it's not
drastically different than this
procedure and so you can have and and
and they explained the New York Times
and NPR and all the other people who
covered it yes it is possible taller
stronger the super babies right which
then because they would call them super
babies where they really are super
humans and and and it it is almost a
different species because it's no longer
genetically us and and once you
genetically modified humans right and
and look I want to be clear the
intention of these scientists has
nothing to do with creating superior
humans of course you genuinely want to
alter you know an embryos genetic makeup
to prevent very serious illnesses
diseases in the future so for instance
just to give you a specific example
there's the BRCA gene and that's the
gene that could lead to breast cancer or
prostate cancer if it's something that's
hereditary so if you have a family
member who had that type of cancer and
you have that specific gene you are
likely or you have a higher likelihood
to also get cancer later in your life
and so through this research they're
hoping that they can alter that gene in
an embryo in order to prevent that
individual from having that type of
cancer later on in his or her life so I
think that they're you know intentions
are pure and I think their intentions
are great but is there the potential of
you know a scientific breakthrough being
abused in the future of course just like
the technological advancement so I did
first of all let me just I want to be
super clear I love these scientists
they're as an atheist let me just say
they're doing God's work okay so this is
amazing stuff and thank God for them and
then let me give you a note of caution
graphic twelve Marcie d'Arnaud species
that at the center of for genetics in
society as she's their director at
Berkeley she says I think it's
extraordinarily disturbing it's a
flagrant disregard of calls for a broad
societal consensus and decisions about a
really momentous technology that could
be used good but in this case is being
used in preparation for an
extraordinarily risky application now I
you know we can disagree about how risky
it is and obviously eventually the Food
and Drug Administration will be part of
the process of approving it and boy
it'll have to go through this very
significant process but it doesn't
matter if our FDA has certain rules and
attitude there's Chinese South Korea and
other researchers working on this
China's gonna have different rules
they're already trying it they're
already trying it also keep in mind that
here in the United States there are
certain laws or organizations working to
prevent experiments in to this so
there's the National Institute
Institutes of Health and then there is
also the Food and Drug Administration
FDA and they
banned experiments with embryos like
this but look but in the UK you know
researchers have been given the green
light and they are able to explore an
experiment and try to figure out whether
or not this could be a potential benefit
for the human race in the future
yeah and so by the way she says it could
have disastrous consequences that's true
but we're making a value judgment
so is it disastrous if they're a bunch
of humans out there that are stronger
and faster and smarter
maybe not disastrous but if we have two
different kinds of humans out there and
I know I'm Way oversimplifying because
you know you don't get into whether it's
the same species or not that's not
important right what's important is
they're genetically modified right and
by the way the minute you modify their
genes to get rid of cystic fibrosis it
doesn't matter you did it for a good
reason that is a genetically modified
person and genetically modified doesn't
necessarily mean bad so you know we're
putting value judgments on it but we
don't know and of course there's also
the chance that once you start playing
around with the genes you might
accidentally trigger something you
didn't realize you're right I think
that's one of the fears and also you
know looking way forward in the future
let's say that this type of medical
advancement has been tested it's been
proven it's safe and people have the
option of using it you know what about
the disadvantage you know are they gonna
have access to this and so I mean who's
gonna take advantage of super babies
that's exactly right so no no there's
look when you think about the
implications and I know it's a little
bit further down the road but it's not
that far down the road because
technology is moving at 100 miles an
hour and we can already do it inside the
embryos right this is not this is now
getting closer and closer to reality
this is gonna happen in our lifetimes so
if it turns out only the rich can afford
it then the rich have the superhumans
and the middle class and the poor don't
I'm not kidding right and and so then
what happens if the superhumans are
really superhuman forget that who cares
how fast and strong they're okay they
have more NBA players who cares right
what if they're really smart okay I know
it's way over simplifying for the 18th
time but
you know how we view ants who cares but
King the king hey don't do that by the
way animals are innocent
what if they view us like cows
whatever man it's expendable yeah right
and and if it is it's a real jump right
an exponential increase in intelligence
or something else that's an exponential
increase
oh boy that's gonna get super
interesting right and and it might be
some good in there it could be some bad
but if you didn't like technically
modified organisms wait there you get a
load of genetically modified humans if
you liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
com slash join
