yes I told you about the actual ceteris
conspiracy a rod wheeler who is a
correspondent for Fox News said that
another Fox News reporter had fabricated
quotes from him in order to make it
appear that Seth rich was not killed in
a robbery he was a staffer for the DNC
but that he was killed perhaps by the
DNC or Hillary Clinton's people which is
madness which is insanity right and now
wheeler is saying yes Edie Bukowski is a
rich Republican donor is the one who
concocted this plan Fox News executed it
Sean Hannity and talked about it and the
president apparently if you believe rod
wheelers lawsuit was involved as well
okay now there's Restless employees at
Fox News having seen all this and Fox
News did retract the story so they know
now that it was absolutely wrong
now remember when CNN got a story
slightly wrong about scre Moochie and it
is actually an open dispute whether that
story was even wrong but in order to be
inordinately careful they fired three
people immediately okay so has Fox News
fired anybody yet including the person
who's charged with fabricating quotes a
quotes that were in fact not real I'm
waiting for it nope no one fired yet
okay so now CNN has a story from
insiders at Fox News Fox News employees
said people need to start getting canned
over the ceteris thing what a mess I
don't know if you realize where you work
doing Republican conspiracy and
propaganda is not something get fired
for it fox's that's something you get
promoted for but hey you know there's
just like kind of an innocent naivete
even including and maybe most especially
including people inside the Fox News
building because they gotta you know
live with them so then there are good
folks in there and I'll explain that in
a second but let me give you more
details here
Oliver Darcy writes about this on CNN
money they don't want to acknowledge
that they fucked up a senior Fox News
employee said explaining that either a
top editor didn't see the story before
publication as would be a typical
procedure or a top editor saw the
article and approved it the insider says
both situations are really bad so it's
not an oversight according to rod
wheeler and editor
see it and approved it and I don't know
why they treat this isn't like new news
that Fox News does this generally
there's a whole movie about it called
out Fox by brave new films and that's
from over a decade ago and there are
dozens of examples of memos that people
find from fox news executives and
editors telling the reporters how to
skew stories there was a famous one
where they said pretend that Hamas was
celebrating Democratic victories after
Democrats won the house one year and
then you see Martha McCallum go on air
and pretend that the Hamas was
celebrating the victories when they were
doing no such thing they had no idea
what the hell was going on in their
elections they totally fabricated and
the and their bosses made them do it at
Fox News so this is not a new event at
Fox News so if you're under any illusion
that they're not propaganda for the
Republican Party you should snap out of
it all right the sources who spoke with
CNN said they felt that the significant
misstep on the rich story continues to
haunt the network and to put a cloud
over their own network do it that cloud
was already there and wakey-wakey just
look up
he says if Fox's on-air personality says
quote this makes people doubt Fox I got
bad news for you they were already
doubting Fox really that's like news to
you that people doubt Fox you thought
you were at a credible news organization
that's just right down the middle man we
call like we fit ok another employee
noted that it forces people to question
the network's this is hilarious
journalistic integrity
yeah yeah I think it does that so look
it's not that everybody who works at
boxing is a bad guy or or that they're
part of the this machine some are more
obviously culpable if you make up quotes
to do this Republican headpiece you're
pretty culpable if you like Martha
McCallum just repeat stuff that isn't
true because your boss told you you're
pretty culpable but there are a lot of
folks there that are just reporters and
I like look it's a paycheck and
oftentimes a very large paycheck they
send me some where I go report on it and
I'm
down with it so and it is super hard in
the media to find an outlet that isn't
compromised in one way or another
look the CNN's and the MSNBC s are part
of giant multi-billion dollar
corporations that also have interested
in front of the US government whether
it's mergers or net neutrality are they
influenced by their parent corporations
economic interests of course that's how
corporations work Fox's ISM it greatly
influenced by the guy who started it
Roger Ailes in' and the guy who owns the
Rupert Murdoch deeply conservative
deeply Republican they want to push in
that direction and we have the internal
memos to prove it we have the external
stories to prove it yes al Jazeera owned
by a Qatar Russia Today or owned by RT
it doesn't mean that every person at CNN
Fox News al Jazeera and our RT are bad
journalists but you should know the
context of these and almost everyone
apparently outside the people some
people working at Fox News know that Fox
News is a conservative place they're not
playing it right down the middle which
is fine hey by the way they got rid of
their fair and balanced logo and and and
slogan so now at least figured I raise
your hand and say we do conservative
perspective and that's okay but to
pretend otherwise and to talk about your
journalistic integrity it's a little
amusing now when asked to explain why
they have not responded at all to the
South Ridge story why they haven't fired
anyone they were asked to explain this
and here's what Fox News said tide goes
in tide goes out never miscommunication
you can't explain that apparently there
is no explanation
young turks now has over 6 billion
lifetime views you know who did that you
did that we're now larger the CNN ABC
you name a news network online were
larger than them and you built all that
as everyone scoffed and didn't believe
and here we are guys thanks to you build
into meta media together with us at TYT
Network comm slash join
