it has begun the Bernie faction versus
establishment Democrats now this is a
small warning shot that I believe
progressive I'm sorry the establishment
is firing in a sense here okay so I told
you guys a couple of weeks ago and I
marked it down on the calendar when I
told the production team which was five
weeks ago that I I got it I know who the
establishments gonna support and that's
Kamala Harris and in that five weeks all
we've gotten is more and more evidence
of that in fact let me go to this story
from Mike calm and boy does it buttress
exactly what I've been telling you guys
freshman senator Carla Harris has
recently become the subject of much
speculation about a potential 2020
presidential run hmm okay so what the
next sentence is very important several
major news outlets have run
feature-length profiles of Harris and
top Democratic donors are starting to
coalesce around her as their preferred
candidate to take on President Donald
Trump first of all just a little told
you and I did not know that the donors
were coalescing around her when when I
said that they're gonna pick common law
Harris why are they gonna pick her here
are the three reasons why and you'll see
immediately that this is the strategy
they have already begun she's going to
be very hard to attack so when you how
would progressives campaign against an
establishment candidate well you would
go to their record right and you would
campaign on the issues Bernie's that's
why Bernie Sanders was so popular
because he's been campaigning
campaigning on those same issues for the
last forty years but when you go to
campaign on any against any of these
candidates whether it's Booker or who
knows you name it Al Franken or Kirsten
Gillibrand it doesn't matter they're
going to counter-attack now how are they
going to counter attack and well in case
of Carla Harris they're gonna get to say
she's black
and she's a woman so if your attacker
you are by definition racist and sexist
you think that's not coming first of all
it's already arrived as predicted and
this is just the very very tip of a
giant iceberg to come and the third
thing is she doesn't have much of a
record she's barely been in office so
Darrin right now out there going oh
she's been fighting Trump
Wow it's the lowest bar there is right
and I want I want to be really clear
about this I don't have a position on
common law Harris yet cuz I don't know
her well enough she was Attorney General
as Attorney General in California she
did one great thing she fought Obama on
negotiation they were doing with the
banks and her along with Eric
Schneiderman in New York got the
administration to be tougher on the
banks and get more from the banks in a
settlement that they did now I don't
think they should have done a settlement
I think they should have pursued both
civil and criminal charges against the
banks and their executives but overall
that's a big win and I was very happy
about that
so credit where credit is due she also
could have easily prosecuted one West
which was Steve Manutius bank he's now
of course the Treasury secretary she did
not pursue those charges and Steve
minuchin later gave her campaign
donations for her 2016 run I was not so
good but look you got a on just two
issues you can't judge someone and
unfortunately in the Senate she just got
there there's really almost nothing you
can judge her based on there so we got
to get into the issues so I'm not
prejudging senator Harris at all okay
but I do know that the donors are headed
in that direction there's probably a
good reason why they might know
something we don't know and the
mainstream media loves her of course
okay anybody but Bernie that is
definitely part of what they're thinking
here so now in this case Andrew Jose who
wrote this article went and got a bunch
of quotes from progressives including by
the way our own no michi const TYT
reporter but rose and Amaro had a good
quote she's the executive director of
National Nurses United they were very
strong union that support of Bernie
Sanders one of the few
they're very progressive and they fight
with justice Democrats and our
revolution on really important issues
like Medicare for all
so Roseanne tomorrow said about Carla
Harris she's one of the people the
Democratic Party is putting up in terms
of where the progressives live I don't
think there's anything there there so I
think what tomorrow is saying there is
like I get it there's a bunch of
senators that the mainstream media likes
and the donors like but there's no
reason yet to be excited about senator
Harris so there's the one thing that I
told you that she did as Attorney
General but what are our proposals has
she put forward legislation has she
actively fought for it what has she done
right so I think it's a very fair
comment from tomorrow well then my
policy goes over to Mike calm goes to SS
magazine they find Michael or sue no
Arseneau who says in response to de Muro
when it comes to where progressives live
which was are she referring to the white
ones boom immediately
it got racial well first of all that's
not remotely true over 80% of
african-americans support Bernie Sanders
he does better among African Americans
than almost any other demographic and he
does great in all the demographics so
you're just making that up and they
could establish messiahs Bernie Sanders
as too liberal they say it's not
practical you can't get those things
done on free college Medicare for all
you can't get those things done you're
too liberal you're too progressive then
they at the same time they turn around a
guy who's the most liberal senator I
don't know that you know you might be
racist look this is not look it's gonna
get much worse than this this is like I
said it's just a warning shot but
immediately when you say hey has Carla
Harris accomplished as much or fought
for as long and has strong progressive
positions as Bernie Sanders says oh yeah
who's saying that white people this is
going to get super ugly
left and I'm noting for the record here
we didn't start this the minute and
anyone said hey I'm just wondering what
is senator Harris done oh okay I guess
it's a white/black thing now no it was
never a white/black thing until you
brought it up okay you remember that
picture of Bernie Sanders chained to an
african-american woman during the civil
rights era where he said if you're going
to arrest her I'm coming with her you're
gonna have to arrest me too they
questioned his racial record are you
insane
you only do that if you want to be
disingenuous and and you know these
right-wingers they drive me crazy with
what they say is identity politics on
the left in reality we're not playing
any identity politics what we're saying
is we think black people should have the
same rights as white people that
shouldn't be a controversial position we
think women should have the same rights
as men not controversial gay people
should have the same rights as straight
people I don't think that's remotely
controversial that isn't identity
politics when you say they should have
white people are straight people or men
should have more rights like straight
people should get to Marian with all the
rights and gay people should not get to
marry or not have the same rights you're
playing identity politics but when the
establishment Democrats come in and say
nope you have to support someone who
either Booker or Harris because they're
black or Gillibrand or Harris because
they're women and based on what not on
policy but just on who they are that
actually is identity politics it's not
being played by progressives
progressives don't like that stuff at
all they want to fight for equality
these people aren't real progressives
the establishment is just asking where's
the money where's the money where's the
money and how do I get it how low and
how dirty do I have to go to get it okay
by the way you know these Bernie bros
that they quoted now to be fair again
and and rejoice in this article didn't
say Bernie bro so I'm not putting it on
him but that is a comment that has been
used many times Joyce called it Bernie
land so when you see the three people he
quoted in Bernie land that'd be no
Mickey conne so Roseanne tomorrow and
when he walked three women so I'm sure
the Bernie bro attack is coming next
oh we're so far out from 2020 and it's
already begun so you think there's gonna
be a party unity no they're never going
to unify behind the most popular
politician in the country if all they
cared about was winning it would be a
no-brainer but they're not gonna do that
because they're more worried about the
money and they never fight hard against
Republicans but they will fight us tooth
and nail I'm telling you right now this
is just the beginning and it's gonna get
super ugly
we're not the Young Turks you're The
Young Turks you power this show together
we build something amazing we broken
stories like the Donna Brazile story the
mainstream media wouldn't break we built
the studio we built this network it's
now number one all thanks to you guys
let's come build it even bigger and
stronger TYT Network comm /join
