so there's a story out about a cop in
Louisiana who posts something horrific
that I'm going to show you in a second
it is really kind of stomach-churning
it's a cartoon but it's not for kids
he is actually an assistant chief at
Esther wood Police Department he did
wind up resigning on Tuesday his name is
Wayne Welsh and on social media he put
out this cartoon so it says it's got a
white mom putting her daughter's head
into the bathtub almost like drowning
her and it says when your daughter's
first crush is a little Negro boy in
other words you kill your daughter if
they like black kids
okay so look we've seen a lot of
violence in in these clips and in
different things whether it's the police
or others and but that for whatever
reason like shook me more than anything
else and and obviously it's deeply
problematic if the cop thinks this is
their opinion of black people they hate
him so much they'd kill their own kids
if they thought they were gonna date
someone like a black person okay now he
said he's gonna say of course all I was
joking with this is that's a good joke I
mean he goes if you're not in that mind
frame would you ever send a cartoon like
that oh my god I'd be horrified alright
anyway so good point here by a Twitter
follower they say cops you shouldn't
fear if you haven't done anything wrong
and they says this is done by a cop
right and it's black Aziz Ansari on
Twitter and he's it is point being no
sometimes they just don't like us they
have a vitriolic hatred of us whether we
do something wrong or we didn't do
something wrong so in this is a good
example now how does Wayne Welsh
justified he says it's not against the
law
what is this grammar but Jesus Christ
this guy's so stupid anyway it's not
against the law if you share stuff on
Facebook it's social media internet no
no you're missing it man it's not that
you've got your First Amendment right to
hate black people you're a cop and
you're supposed to be protecting the
commune
and in that community or white people
and black people if you view them as the
enemy well I can't give you our gun and
a badge and and and think that you're
gonna treat them equally because you're
obviously not going to do so go again
not as a cop if you if anyone wants to
defend that and say that it's just a
joke it's not a big deal you know to
have a little sense of humor you have to
at least admit that you have to be
particularly dim to post something like
that on a public forum especially
considering the atmosphere that we're
dealing with right now right if you are
a cop it's pretty dumb to post something
like that and I don't think he's joking
I don't think he just said max Walsh's
Facebook post also reportedly complained
that critics were playing the quote race
card and that people were out to depict
him as a bad guy what we didn't bring up
race you who brought up race saying you
would drown your daughter ha ha I would
drown my daughter if they were dating a
black guy look guys you got to step in
their shoes for one second and think my
god
if someone hated you like that and they
had a gun and a badge wouldn't you be a
little afraid of them too this is a
terrible attitude thank God he was fired
or had to resign and he's not on the
force anymore but this is atrocious
and unfortunately happens far too often
support independent media and get the
whole young turks to our show and other
Network shows all ad-free TYT Network
comm /join come join us today
