so there's a story out about how Trump
wants to fire someone else this time
it's one of his generals is our army
General John Nicholson now normally uh
people are going to shake their heads
and go off another firing Jesus Christ
what is this going to end and yes it is
fair to say that he thinks that the
world a still on the show apprentice and
that he's contractually bound to fire
one person a week having said all that
uh in this case I don't agree with that
necessarily the firing and I don't agree
with his reasons but I think his overall
concern is correct and so I want to give
a little bit of the benefit of the doubt
here cuz but no matter how much I think
he's incompetent I disagree with him on
other issues every issue you have to
look at fairly and and see if he's doing
the right thing or the wrong thing if
he's doing the right thing great given
credit for so he was having a meeting
with his defense secretary James matters
Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman Joseph
Dunford and and in the middle of meeting
he asked whether he should fire the
general leading Afghanistan that's
Nicholson first thing is he said is we
aren't winning now that's if you say
that's overly simplistic sure but
overall it's true I mean this is what
his supporters wanted right they they
knew that he doesn't know that inner
details of politics they probably had no
idea how in company is that's okay but
you want him to have a gut sense if
you're his supporter and you say things
like well I trust his gut right and in
this case he looks at Afghanistan he
says we aren't winning that's true his
gut is that it's a mess that's true so
give them credit for that and you might
think boy that's a really low bar but no
most establishment politicians both
Republicans and Democrats would have
gone in there and be like okay the
generals tell me it's great let's say
another 10 years and see what happens so
there is a difference between
politicians and in this case I think
he's more he's closer to being correct
now details on the meeting the meeting
grew stormy according to Reuters when
Trump said defense secretary James
Madison Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman
just Dunford a Marine general
should consider firing army General John
Nicholson commander of the US forces in
Afghanistan for not winning the war now
there we go again that trumping is
simpleton it's not that we're not
winning in Afghanistan because we have a
bad general and if we had a good general
we would somehow win it's way more
complicated than that do you know that
this is a poll taken many years ago
actually
they asked Afghani about 9/11 and over
90 percent of them had no idea what that
was they don't even know why we're
fighting them no if they knew it at all
they've forgotten it but most of them
didn't know it in the first place and
when they there was some that was an
amazing poll we covered back in the day
on The Young Turks and there was some
quotes that came along with it and be
like villagers in the middle of a valley
in the middle of Afghanistan they like
look every once in a while the Russians
come and we fight them then the
Americans came and we fight them we just
assume that people are coming to take
our land so the Afghans are fighting us
because we're there they're not going to
get up out of that Valley the random
dudes if you're going to go after
al-qaeda but al Qaeda hasn't been in
Afghanistan for decades now we chase
them out right in the beginning we
actually had him cornered we could have
killed bin Laden a long time ago
Rumsfeld didn't send in troops you
should read about that it's old story
from there were times in back in 2004
it's an amazing story but the bottom
line is now we're fighting guys who
don't even know why we're fighting them
we don't know why we're fighting them
why are we still in Afghanistan is it
the Taliban is the Taliban still
connected to al Qaeda and Isis are you
sure about that what the hell are we
doing there that's the right question
ask
so his guts headed in the right
direction his head as usual is drifting
out there somewhere
oh we're not winning we should be better
general what's the better general going
to do send more troops that didn't work
send less troops that didn't work here's
a correct path get out quick we're we're
causing a bigger mess by staying in
anyway one more quote on this reuters
says officials said the Trump argued
that the United States should demand a
share of Afghanistan's estimated 1
trillion dollars in mineral wealth in
exchange for its assistance for the
Afghan government
this is a look I'm trying to give the
guy credit and if he gets out of
Afghanistan I don't care how wrong he
wrong his reasoning was great I'll take
it and I'll give him all the credit in
the world on it but no the right answer
is not now let's steal the natural
resources of Afghanistan to pay for the
war that we created that I know is a
mess and that we're not winning how is
that helping Afghanistan how is it
helping us but this guy he really meant
it when he said oh when we went into
Iraq we should have just taken their oil
are you insane
then they're going to say oh you didn't
come to liberate us which is the excuse
Bush used you came to rob us and then
the whole country would find us and that
war would have been even worse than it
was as it was it was already a debacle a
disaster so now his brilliant idea for
how to make Afghanistan better is why
don't we just take their minerals just
take it from them they should pay us for
for us invading them oh yeah just
somebody get in there it's like and be
like Oh mr. president you're so right I
can't believe they're not just letting
us take their natural resources when
it's their own population source I can't
believe that's outrageous
oh I got an idea for you mr. president
let's just leave that'll show them it
might work he's kind of added in that
direction just nudging that way it is so
frustrating how little he knows anyway
firing the general in this case isn't
going to solve it but if if it leads to
us leaving fantastic can't wait to give
them credit on that if you just
accidentally go in the right direction
Podcast the young turks anytime you want
TYT Network comm /join I think it's
weird no it's not weird in fact you'll
think you know like a smart person do it
now ey tea network.com /join
