Robert Muller has impaneled a grand jury
on the Russia investigation ladies and
gentlemen we got a no not yet not yet
hold okay but we are closed so this it's
as Joe Biden would say this is a big
epic deal so the grand jury will be in
Washington and watch out we've got a
report from Wall Street Journal let me
get right to a special counsel robert
muller has impaneled a grand jury in
washington investigate Russia's
interference in the 2016 elections a
sign that his inquiry is growing in
intensity and entering a new phase so
let's just say the obvious here they're
not wrapping this thing up it's not like
they looked around they're like now
there's no no there there this is a
nothing burger no we're not going to
waste a lot of time and effort here
we're done now look the all these guys
are heavyweight lawyers with huge
reputations so they're not going to want
to screw around with their reputations
if it was a nothing burger they'd get
the hell out of town right so you're if
you're impaneling a grand jury possibly
against the President of the United
States
that's it doesn't get any bigger than
that so grand jury so if you give you
some context here our powerful
investigative tools that allow
prosecutors to subpoena documents put
witnesses under oath and seek
indictments if there is evidence of a
crime legal expert said the decision by
mr. Muller
Tim panel a grand jury suggests he
believes he will need to Sabena records
and cake testimony from witnesses yummy
okay so more consequences that come out
of this once you start submitting
subpoenaing documents well that's when
you really start to get a more
heavyweight evidence because right now
there's a lot of circumstantial evidence
and apparently enough to proceed forward
in a significant way here but then you
can get emails you can get transactions
you can get financial documents and then
once you start putting witnesses up they
start feeling the pressure and then all
of a sudden some of them are going to
want to cut deals who and you know Trump
keeps saying it's a witch hunt of course
that's what he's going to say to
protects himself but now it's in the
hands of a grand jury so the grand jury
will decide it's not like they're on a
warpath they're 12 random people so and
if there's nothing there then the grand
jury will say there's nothing there and
they'll move on so now we get to find
out and and it enters a new phase and
yes it'll take a lot longer this means
we're definitely going into 2018 I told
you these guys are serious guys they're
not just going to go in there and either
wrap up the investigation or say that
he's you know done something without
gathering up a tremendous amount of
evidence because you don't go after the
president unless you have a mountain of
evidence so it looks like they've got
enough to accumulate more through this
very significant process so now we go to
a University of Texas law professors an
expert in the field he says this is yet
a further sign that there is a long-term
large-scale series of prosecutions being
contemplated and being pursued by the
special counsel okay now there's more
evidence to because they brought in some
heavy hitters earlier in the week they
brought in a guy named Greg Andres and
and I was almost at a story about that
because it was so significant but let me
just quickly fill you in on who he is
he's a former Justice Department
attorney who specializes in corruption
and bribery cases and he joined the
investigation okay his expertise is
corruption money laundering and bribery
I wonder why they brought him in well
more from wall street journal' is very
important mr. Andres a former top
Justice Department official who also
oversaw the criminal division of the US
Attorney's Office in Brooklyn wouldn't
leave his private sector job for a
low-level investigation mr. Rossano says
Thanos another expert on this issue so
he works at Davis Polk that is one of
the top firms in the country he makes a
ton of money this Andres lawyer he and I
gonna leave that job unless you got
unless you got a whale that you're
trying to catch you don't go to Andres
and go we're not sure if we've got
anything
why don't you interrupt your life and
give up millions of dollars
come work on this but probably we'll
wrap it up soon no you bring in this
heavy hitter if you think I need the
best guy in the world on corruption
bribery and money laundering this is not
just about hey did Russia hack some
emails and kind of help Trump this is no
there's a much bigger deal between Trump
and Russia and if you're wondering Mike
Flynn you know how they were
investigating him that's a different
grand jury that's in Virginia that
doesn't mean you with this this is about
the president ladies and gentlemen we
got not yet
not yet but it's close okay one last one
again from that Thomas zento who's a
former federal prosecutor he says this
is confirmation that this is a very
vigorous investigation going on ladies
and gentlemen up not but almost almost
all right now
you can see why Trump Nancy and he's
been angling to find a way to get rid of
Muller now there's a grand jury it would
be even more clear obstruction of
justice if he tries to fire the guy who
just impaneled a grand jury on him but
you know Trump he'll be furious and he
might want to go after me even more now
so if I want to ask you guys a question
if Trump fires Muller will Trump be
thrown out of office TYT Network on
flash holy hell and it's wholly held
because Lindsey Graham famously said
that if he tries to fire Muller there
will be wholly hell to pay now that'll
be up to the Republicans because they
control the house in the Senate but at
this point
this ship is sailed man you try to fire
the guy who's prosecuting you and has
already impaneled a grand jury and that
is super obvious obstruction of justice
both politically like obviously it's try
to block the investigation you know why
they keep speculating like I wonder why
he's doing it is he adversive address
know there's a much easier explanation
he's trying to block the investigation
because he knows what they'll find this
he knows
he or he did and meanwhile the Russians
now that the sanctions did not get
lifted and Trump was forced to sign it
because they would have overridden his
veto he's still complaining about it
days ago it was a terrible bill terrible
you signed it oh I can't believe
Congress did this Russia keeps sending
threatening messages oh this is a very
weak president it makes them look
impotent that's a curious choice of
words then they had this weird jousting
video which no one understands which i
think is some sort of sign to trump
saying like you remember what we have on
you it's called cool for a month okay so
look it doesn't matter what my
speculation is we got a grand jury so
we're going to find out buckle up and
this time Trump administration brace for
impact
boom the North remembers
