let's go to other portions of Millers
press conference in the next video you
will see him responding to Jim Acosta
this is where things get super snippy
and it's over the Statue of Liberty
let's go to video 7 but what you're
proposing or what the president is
proposing here does not sound like it's
in keeping with American tradition when
it comes to immigration the Statue of
Liberty says give me your tired your
poor your huddled masses during the
brief free doesn't say anything about
speaking English or being able to be a
computer programmer aren't you trying to
change what it means to be an immigrant
coming into this country if you're
telling them you have to speak English
and people learn how to speak English
when they get here well first of all
right now
it's the requirement that it be
naturalized you had to speak English so
the notion that speaking English
wouldn't be a part of immigration
systems would be actually a very a
historical secondly I don't want to get
off into a whole thing about history
here but the Statue of Liberty is a
symbol of Liberty enlightening the world
is a symbol of American Liberty lighting
the world the poem that you're referring
to was added later it's not actually
part of the original Statue of Liberty
but more fundamentally history but more
fundamentally saying I may not represent
I was saying that when the center is
ocean I'm saying the notion that
defending the notion I'm sorry no so
let's let you that sounds yeah they'd
ask you if that sounds like some run
national park revisionism no nobody has
oh yeah but let me ask hope to the world
Jim for people to send him do you
believe to this country Jim Jim I
appreciate your speech Jim I appreciate
your speech so that but Jim Acosta is
exactly right about revisionism there
right so all of a sudden the Statue of
Liberty is not a beacon to the world
what of course it is that's the whole
point that that light is kind of
pointing me in the other direction it's
for America it's okay but no we put it
out in front of New York to welcome
immigrants in trying to do historical
revisionism on that is amazing and the
poem that you've all heard about give me
your poor your tired that Jim Acosta
quoted in part you should reach the
whole poem it's amazing and it's
wonderful and it's what the decor of
this country is well it's just a poem I
mean really we're talking about poems
down no no we didn't know it said give
me you're rich you're computer
programmers and and other people
connected to rich donors and everyone
else that might vote Democratic we vote
no if we apply that standard to the
Italians that we're coming in the Irish
that we're coming in the Jews that were
coming in the Polish all those guys
right and by the way if you're in those
categories and it doesn't have to be any
of those racial or ethnic categories but
people who came in two generations ago
come on man support your fellow
Americans you just went through it so
stand up and say hey when it's someone
else I want them to have the same chance
that I had my family had my grandparents
had so if you're in you're in that
category let's fight together man
because they're trying to destroy the
idea of America there it isn't just for
the rich it's for all of us yeah and you
know since we're talking about this
country only being open to the rich
under the Trump administration I mean
they do practice what they preach in
that regard I mean they're not upset at
Kushner property is going to China and
asking for $500,000 in investments in US
properties just so they can get that
golden visa they have no problem with
that
right and think about how that actually
does harm Americans because as I've said
time and time again it artificially
inflates the housing market to the point
where people earning a decent living
here in the US
can't even afford to buy homes or
apartments or condos that's what's
happening and so if you want to talk
about real issues those are the real
issues that should be discussed but of
course we have wealthy people in power
right now that just take advantage of
their position of power to make more
money they use it to their advantage
one final video from this press
conference because Jim Acosta was just
really like heated and I love it so in
this next one Miller attempts to flip
things around on Acosta you decide for
yourselves whether it worked this whole
notion of well they could learn you know
they have to learn English before they
get to the United States are we just
going to bring in people from Great
Britain
Jim is actually I often always say I am
shocked at your statement
did you think that only people from
Great Britain and Australia would know
English it's actually it reveals your
cosmopolitan bias to a shocking degree
that in your mind no this has been
amazing this is an amazing moment this
is an amazing moment that you think only
people from Great Britain or Australia
would speak English is so insulting to
millions of hard-working immigrants who
do speak English from all over the world
Jim have you honestly Jim have you
honestly never met a an immigrant from
another country who speaks English
outside of Great Britain in Australia is
that your personal experience there are
people who come but that's not what you
said and it shows it shows your
cosmopolitan bias and I just want to say
engineer flow of people into this
country that is one of the most
outrageous insulting ignorant and
foolish things you've ever said and for
you that's still a really the notion
that you think that this is a racist
bill is so wrong and so insulting Wow
how could you possibly think that look
so this is breakdown Stephen Miller's
argument for one second you just have a
cosmopolitan ball advice oh well of
course I do oh now is it true that a
person who comes into the country from
China or maybe even Turkey can speak
English before they get here of course
but that's not what it costs the saying
is what he's saying is your advantage
you're giving a much bigger advantage
proportionally to people who or whose
native language is already English so
British Irish Australian Canadian etc
now of course there are some percentage
of people who come over from China or
Africa that already speak English or
Latin America but it is a lower
percentage of their population who would
qualify with that standard and by the
way it would have knocked out Acosta's
lineage probably and probably Stephen
Miller's Lilly age so when they came
over they spoke Italian or Yiddish and
would say oh no that's it no no grandma
doesn't speak English how the hell would
you spoken English coming from Sicily
hey and they figured it out because
where America we get you get here you
roll up your sleeves and you go to work
and by the way most of the people coming
are coming for work that's one of the
complaints of the conservative
like oh they're coming to take our jobs
so which one is it are they bums who
have no skills and don't want to
assimilate or are they working too hard
make up your mind oh so I have to make a
quick comment about this whole
cosmopolitan bias thing that they keep
bringing up over and over again okay
we're talking about an administration
that's full to the brim of dudes who
grew up and spent most of their time in
New York and then Steven Miller himself
grew up in Santa Monica California like
really I I don't see you guys as like
rural Americans they're looking out for
the little guy and why don't ya why
would the rural American and understand
that they speak more they speak better
English in China and Saudi Arabia than
we think why is it a rural position it's
a cosmopolitan position to say that yeah
countries whose native language is
English have a higher proportion of
people who speak English well is that a
cosmopolitan or a rural thing you know
he just wants to say oh you're elitist
you know you know why he says that why
even brings that up because it's such a
non sequitur why even bring it up is
saying you're insulting there were
people who we're trying to appeal to
with this bill that's right who don't
like foreigners and you're cosmopolitan
so you don't mind foreigners and then so
it's actually not Jim Acosta that's
bringing race into it it's Steven Miller
Steven Miller is basically saying like
we we want to be anti foreigner and so
you're not letting us be make those
racial decisions because in your
cosmopolitan world Oh
everybody likes one another even though
they're different I just I just want
them to say it I just want them to own
up to who they are and what they believe
okay it's not about looking out for
Americans and American jobs you don't
care about that just say it we don't
like people from different backgrounds
we don't want it we don't want Latinos
we don't want Asians unless they're
really rich and can go ahead and invest
$500,000 in Kushner's properties or
Trump's properties but other than that
we just don't like them we don't like
them it's just it's so frustrating
because again they are pandering to
Americans who do need help who do need
this economy to approve improve for them
but they're just exploiting them and
using
to push their xenophobic policies that
really have nothing to do with the
economy whatsoever if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
