the company that manufactures Apple
products is actually planning on
building a factory here in the United
States Wisconsin to be specific Foxconn
has agreed to build a factory which you
know there's a good component to that it
will create new jobs in the state
however there is a significant downside
to it that isn't being covered much
thankfully we have our very own David
Sirota
reporting on this and the details of
what could potentially happen to the
environment and the waterways in
Wisconsin should be discussed Republican
governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin is
not only proposing to give the company a
three billion dollar taxpayer subsidy
his administration has also quietly
slipped language into a bill that would
exempt the Taiwanese conglomerate from
state environmental protection laws so
there are environmental protection laws
in the state and since they want the
factory to exist in their state they
want to ensure that it will be exempt
from some of the environmental laws
right so let me give you some of those
details under those laws the existing
laws companies are prohibited from
discharging materials or otherwise
polluting wetlands without a specific
permit to do so under this new bill that
Walker has put forward companies within
the new quote economics and information
technology manufacturing zone will be
allowed to discharge material into
non-federal wetlands if it relates to
the construction or operation of a
manufacturing facility so to be
completely clear again there's the
upside of you know new jobs being
created in the state but then there's
also the downside of a three billion
dollars in taxpayer money going to
subsidize this company and be the
potential environmental downsides and an
impact of building this factory let me
jump in here yeah
first of all Sirota wrote this for IB x
and we'll have the link in the
description box so you can read the
whole article secondly he did a video
about this on TYT politics so check that
out I have the link for that to
youtube.com slash tyt politics now on
the substance of the story look
I'm not torn on the story I'll tell you
why
I'm against this idea but I just want to
double down on I get a governor's
motivation to want to bring jobs to this
state and and I greatly sympathize with
it but we've seen this happen with
football stadiums they give such giant
subsidies that some a lot of times the
state winds up losing money rather than
making money now they'll do it sometimes
actually for the jobs and sometimes
they'll use the jobs as a pretense when
they just want to get you know favors to
the corporations etc and at the end of
the day did they do the math right to
make sure that it even helps Wisconsin a
three billion dollar subsidy is no joke
that is a giant amount of money
Wisconsin taxpayers are giving away okay
if you do that calculation and you do it
fairly and honestly it might turn out
positively but think about the the
second component that Anna told you
about the the ability to pollute into
the rivers why would you need an
exemption if you're not planning to
pollute the rivers exactly and and
Foxconn has not had a good history in
China for instance with some of the
environmental ramifications of their
company so just to give you an idea
apparently because of the way that they
polluted in the waterways in China there
were complaints about black and green
water with a chemical smell so of course
yeah if you're putting hazardous waste
and hazardous material in the waterways
the waterways will be polluted with
hazardous waste it's common sense
also the soil was polluted with heavy
metals and remember this is a company
that's making products for technology a
technological products so cell phones
and things like that
Apple has contracted with them to create
their products so it's I want the jobs I
think the jobs are important but I think
it sets a bad precedent when you tell
you know corporations or companies will
just give you a ton of money to create
the jobs in our state or in our country
right so it's a race to the bottom
because in this is a problem there's
just a minute and I honestly I don't
have a great solution for it
but and if you do right and tell us
right because I'm sure that there's good
ideas out there but we have 50 states
and so sometimes foreign corporations
come in and go okay which state will do
me the most favors either in the form of
subsidies or by the way if you're not
you United so I can pay as low wages as
possible
a lot of the southern states run by
Republicans ago ah don't worry about any
Union rules we won't have too many
protections for our workers and you can
pay them a much lower wage and so it
winds up becoming a race to the bottom
in this case Scott Walker says you can
also pollute our rivers and we're image
I mean if you say to a corporation
you're allowed to do it but cross your
fingers that you don't like you
basically say of course go ahead and do
it we know you did it before then you
want the exception for a reason so I'm
worried that this winds up being a net
negative for the state of Wisconsin yeah
and it's at least a great job idea was
sorta to point out all of the
ramifications of this right exact if you
liked this video you'll love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
comm slash join
