so I've been saying all along that the
one thing that I guarantee the
Republicans will do and Donald Trump
even in his incredible incompetence will
actually get done is giant tax cuts for
the rich now they don't say it's gonna
be tax cuts for the rich when you read
their proposal you're like oh my god
that's trillions of dollars in tax cuts
for the rich and for multinational
corporations but they in order to make
it sound better they call it tax reform
now have the Republicans ever reformed
taxes and move them up new for the rich
corporations no no tax reform means we
move them down for the rich and down for
corporations sometimes they'll throw a
small tax cut for the middle class too
so the exam you guys go you got five
percent of the tax cuts you enjoy right
you got the crumbs off our table but tax
reform does not mean increases it
definitely definitely means cuts we've
already seen the proposals so what are
the Democrats going to do they did a
good job of resisting on health care and
they were bragging about it now they
held their whole caucus that Republican
proposal was pulling it 17% if you can't
hold your entire caucus on something
polling at 17% you should get out of
politics immediately anyway but give
them credit they did hold and I'm very
happy about that
so are they going to continue to resist
on tax cuts mmm looks like no I told you
all right let's go to Reuters for the
story US Senate Democrats offered to
work with Republicans on a bipartisan
tax reform package on Tuesday but only
if it does not cut taxes for the wealthy
add to the federal deficit or allow
Republicans to enact legislation on
their own laughs along with me which
your public in tax proposal doesn't cut
taxes for the rich this is a
preposterous statement it helps the
Republican cover-up okay continuing in
Tuesday's letter Democrats said
bipartisan tax reform should offer no
relief for the wealthy come on I just
stopped reading it a minuchin says oh
yeah yeah we there's gonna be no
absolute tax cut for the upper class
no one in their right mind believes that
really Chuck Schumer no tax cuts for the
rich that's gonna be what the Republican
proposal is you're even acknowledging
that as a possibility is to help their
cover up calling a tax reform is to help
their cover up you already know what's
in the proposal we covered it on The
Young Turks you know what it's in there
it's trillions of dollars in tax cuts
for the rich
what is the bipartisan part of that what
is the part where they don't cut it is
not conceivable they're opposed to oh
you know what you know Chuck you're
right let's just do a tax cut for the
poor in the middle class but definitely
not for the rich okay
US Senate Democrats in that letter said
tax reform cannot be a cover story
cannot be a cover story for delivering
tax cuts to the wealthiest okay they're
not gonna fight him they're not okay it
gets worse
all right so forty-three Senate
Democrats the two independents signed a
letter I think they even the
well-meaning there should not have
signed a letter I'll get to that in a
second absent or the names of three
Democrats facing re-election next year
Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota Joe
Donnelly of Indiana and Joe Manchin of
West Virginia do you understand that
those three hold us they're not like oh
no no I don't want Texans flourish
they're saying I won't even sign a
letter saying that I want it to be
revenue neutral or I don't want tax cuts
for the rich those three are saying no I
can't agree with the Republicans I don't
mind if there's tax cuts for the rich of
course they're gonna pass it
it's incredible naivete to not
understand that this is the number one
thing that donors want there's no way
they don't get what they want on this
issue no way this is why I always tell
you ahead of time so it's not Monday
morning quarterbacking you'll see and
yes that I told you from day one
some Democrats will help them and will
sign it okay so now that even the
Democrats say oh no no no but we need
tax reform cuz corporate taxes are so
high that is grossly misleading now let
me show you because yes the highest rate
is thirty five percent for taxes for
corporations but the reality is they
don't pay that in fact let me skip to
graphic twelve first
this is quoting a report and New York
Times wrote about this the report found
that even when foreign state and local
taxes were included which is not
normally included in those calculations
but they threw all that into the tax
rate of large companies rose only to
sixteen point nine percent of total
income still well below the official
thirty five percent in other words
they're not paying thirty five percent
it's a lie they're actually paying less
than seventeen percent about half of
what they claim they're paying that's
the real taxes that they're paying so
now some Democrats said no no that's
what we're gonna reform it and we're
gonna move it down to twenty or twenty
five percent but we're gonna take away
all the loopholes so it's gonna be a
real 20-25 percent no that you're not
you're not gonna take away all the
loopholes
you're gonna keep most of the loopholes
you pay away a couple of small loopholes
and then they'll cheat on the twenty or
twenty five percent and bring it way
down and even if you took away a couple
of small loopholes they're gonna put
them back in in a two or three years
where no one's paying attention this is
all a giant scam so who's paying more
taxes because this is all about wealth
redistribution but not the way that you
imagine they redistribute their wealth
to the top so back in 1952 here's what
the taxes look like this the pie chart
on the Left they're corporations as you
can see they're paid thirty two point
one percent of all the taxes in 2015
they redistribute of the wealth right to
them and they move the taxes to you so
if you think taxes are high that's
because they are high on you on the
middle class they moved all the taxes to
the payroll tax which is what the middle
class plays that's the most regressive
tax we have and corporations that pay
less than eleven percent went from 32 to
less than eleven percent so they're not
taxed at a historically high rate
they're taxed at a historically low rate
in reality so for the Democrats to help
Republicans with that nonsense talking
point is only because they want to help
their donors there is no justification
for it okay well you could say well it
was all the corporate Democrats always
tell me Jane you have to be practical
you know sometimes you get you just have
to take reform a little bit at a time
and change a little bit at a time first
of all this is not moving the ball in
our direction so why do I
to move the ball in the wrong direction
a little bit at a time in fact this
would move it a lot at one time that
doesn't make any sense this at all but
didn't we might lose really did you ever
look at the polling or are you just
lying to help your donors because if you
looked at the polling here's what you
would have seen Americans this is
according to a Gallup poll recent Gallup
poll Americans say the upper income pays
too much tax according to 63% of
Americans and how about corporations
those poor corporations Republicans that
now some Democrats are printed telling
us to pay too much taxes well Americans
do not agree 67 percent of Americans say
corporations pay too little in taxes
helping the Republicans in cutting taxes
on corporations if you cared about
winning elections is a disastrous idea
but they care more about making sure
their donors are happy any well-meaning
progressive who signed that letter
trying to make sure they don't give tax
cuts to the rich get out get out get out
get out it's a trick it's a trap okay
they this is the corporate Democrats
efforts to help the Republicans actually
pass tax cuts you should get your name
off that letter immediately so they're
gonna do it and the Democrats are gonna
help them look maybe I'm wrong so we're
gonna ask you guys because look this is
a fairly large progressive audience and
and maybe you guys don't agree maybe you
think oh unity and we should work
together and make sure that we do by
partnership bipartisanship with the
Republicans to do tax reform so I'm
gonna ask it now obviously you can tell
what my opinion is I'm not hiding in the
lease man but I'm gonna ask it in the
most Republican friendly way in this
spirit and this is all the mainstream
media love this framing in the spirit of
bipartisanship should Democrats work
with Republicans on tax reform
I'm skewing a poll in their direction
not my direction I'm not calling you tax
cuts I'm calling a tax reform and I'm
saying the spirit of my part is
so I'm curious what you guys are gonna
say because me you look you're all
independent minded you might say no jank
bipartisanship is a wonderful thing and
by tax reforms maybe they just mean
they're gonna raise taxes anyway I I
look forward to your response tea white
tea network.com slash taxes my guess is
that since you're watching and and
getting your news whether it's here or
reading it online instead of from the
Schmucks on TV you realize exactly what
this game is resist really okay if this
is your idea of resistance
no thank you and if this is your idea of
party unity no thank you
I will fight this so-called tax reform
to the very end and you all should too
because this is the greatest American
robbery you're ever gonna see help us
build independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm / join
