On June 1st 2017 president Donald Trump
announced that the United States of
America would be pulling out of the
Paris climate Accord it is time to exit
the Paris Accord with one speech Trump
gave a glaring signal to the world that
the u.s. has not invested in reducing
carbon emissions and working with
countries around the globe to stop
climate change while this move was brash
and potentially detrimental both in
practice and what the country was
communicating to the international
community state and local governments
stood up and said not on our watch from
Los Angeles to DC local governments
pledged their support to reducing carbon
emissions and sticking to the intended
goals of the Paris climate agreement to
combat global warming governors and
mayor's alike recognized the impending
danger of global warming and vowed to
honor the agreement sans Trump's
blessing and continue to make and uphold
legislation that move them toward their
greenhouse gas emission targets this
resistance to Trump's decision
illustrates the impact and power smaller
jurisdictions can have on making real
change indivisible recognizes that
impact and wants to put the power in our
hands as citizens to help make that
change indivisible is all about getting
the people motivated and moved to call
their Congress members sign petitions
and lead the charge on making real
impactful change on the local level they
know how to make lawmakers listen since
they used to work for them former
congressional staffers the people behind
indivisible know what it takes to start
a movement and know that in order to
prevent more assaults like this against
the environment and against our future
we have to start with our local
representatives and as we saw following
Trump's Paris Accord announcement the
local level is not one to mess with plus
they make it easy for you indivisible
provides a step-by-step guide to help
you identify or organize your own local
group that also wants to work to make
real progressive change then they help
you identify the ways in which you can
make sure that your representatives you
know the ones that are supposedly
speaking on behalf of you are actually
representing your voice in Washington
whether through town halls public events
office visits or court
calls indivisible believes that your
voice should be heard and knows that
when we joined together we will not be
ignored
and when we're talking about the future
of our planet we cannot be ignored as
global warming and climate change become
greater and more imminent as we've seen
an inconvenient truth and now in an
inconvenient sequel we'll need to
inspire and demand our local leaders to
commit their votes and their policies to
our mother earth temperatures and sea
levels are rising national disasters are
killing people and entire animal species
alike but instead of working harder to
ensure a home for future generations
aren't leader so Claire that climate
change was a Chinese hoax that cold days
negate the reality of global warming
it's supposed to be 70 degrees today
speaking of global warming where is we
need some global warming and that we
will pull out of an agreement that
nearly every single other nation on
earth sign to save our earth apparently
we'd like to move backwards when it
comes to energy to save money for big
bad corporations and create a few extra
jobs and the coal and mining industries
that are already dying this is not a
partisan issue this is a moral issue and
it's one that if we don't fight for we
could see the end of our planet as we
know it fight for our planet and do it
by planning resistance to Trump's anti
mother earth policies by using the tools
from indivisible if we work together we
can make real change and work to save
our earth from the damage that has
already been done we started this mess
now it's time to finish it indivisible
and inconvenient sequel Stuart former
Vice President Al Gore have already
teamed up to plan protests during your
Congress members August recess it is
your duty to be there to go see
inconvenience equal to arm yourself with
information and motivation for what
you're fighting for and head over to
Inconvenient sequel calm / action to
take action and start the war we can do
this we must do this because it's no
longer a choice thanks for watching T YT
I'm Hannah Cranston and don't forget to
follow my earthly adventures at Hannah
Cranston
