TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis will
not be great now look you got to check
out our series 10 days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see inconvenience
equal truth to power in theaters in New
York and LA on July 28th and nationwide
August 4th an investigation into the
behavior of two Border Patrol agents is
making headlines after a 16 year old who
was attempting to smuggle drugs into the
country was encouraged to drink liquid
meth now the 16 year old Cruz Marcelino
Vasquez Acevedo was trying to come into
the country and he had a backpack that
contained two bottles with a yellowish
liquid and so of course the agents
looked at that liquid asked him what it
was and he claimed that it was apple
juice now he told them that the bottles
contain apple juice officers of course
didn't believe him and did an initial
test on the liquid but one that is not
effective at revealing liquid
methamphetamine which is exactly what
this liquid was and so unfortunately
they encouraged him to drink the liquid
and now he has died a couple hours after
ingesting it he died I want to go to
this ABC 7 News report because they give
you a little more detail and it kind of
gives you visuals of what occurred take
a look around 6:45 p.m. US Customs and
Border Protection says the 16 year old
Velasquez was carrying a bag filled of
two amber colored bottles
Velasquez was using his border crossing
card he's from Tijuana now when asked
what was in the bottles he claimed that
them to be filled with Jews so at a
secondary inspection area they tell him
to take a sip to prove it the 16 year
old hesitates then he takes a sip then
another and then another and then
another four in total of a concentrated
liquid methamphetamine Cruz later died
so that was from NBC 7 in San Diego will
have a full link to the full video in
the description box below yeah so guys
it's a terrible story
I don't I think some of the stuff is
clear some of it is not but first of all
he let me tell you what happened next
he began sweating and almost immediately
thereafter and then started screaming in
pain his third is shouting my heart my
heart and and that's according to a
lawsuit filed by the family in
California in federal court now look the
video just came out but we already know
what happened in that case the family
won a million dollars because of the
reaction of the of the Border Patrol
there now I I think I don't know to what
degree those agents knew that it would
kill him I hope to god they didn't know
that it would kill him
is there negligence in not knowing that
liquid meth which is what you're trying
to prevent they thought it might be
liquid meth meth that's why they started
it has stopped him for them or their
manager like they should if they should
have been training like don't don't let
them drink it to try to prove it to you
because they will die on the spot right
and so like he started having reactions
immediately he died a couple of hours
later is that important out in the
hospital but to me the part that was the
worst was that rather than mediately
seeing our medical attention they placed
him in custody no no don't do that the
guys he's not faking it he knew trying
to prove it to you that it was apple
juice is obviously not apple juice
you're right it's liquid meth which you
know at a minimum is really toxic get
him some help get him some help
immediately right that's what drives me
crazy is the the lack of humanity in our
reaction there's a lot of lack of
humanity and I get it what he was doing
was wrong you shouldn't attempt to
smuggle drugs and of course Border
Patrol agent should do something about
that immediately but the biggest issue
right now is we had this insane like
increase in hiring Border Patrol agents
without proper vetting under the Obama
administration and the abuse perpetrated
by them has been crazy literally
shooting and killing individuals who
throw rocks at them and also molesting
women and girls who are trying to cross
the border illegally
and so something needs to be done about
that it's a big problem and they were
not punished for this right they paid
the lawsuit but they did not punish the
officers
