TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis will
not be great now look you got to check
out our series 10 days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see any
inconvenience equal truth to power in
theaters in New York and LA on July 28th
and nationwide August 4th a Trump
supporter has decided to threaten people
who planned on protesting Trump's West
Virginia rally with gun violence and now
he's being investigated by the FBI his
name is dana cap ron and he posted on a
number of different platforms including
an article on the hill Facebook Twitter
all over the place let me give you a
taste of some of the stuff he's put out
there so he said calling all armed
conservatives if we go then we go armed
not for the rally but for the protesters
let's give the protesters what they want
those who ride then do so and those who
can drive do so bring everything you
have or can bring we start with anyone
blocking the streets then we clear the
protesters out once and for all and he
says by any means necessary let's show
them that this is not commie fornia and
we deal with protesters faster so he's
saying like let's shoot the protesters
let's get let's do away with them by any
means necessary especially if they're
blocking them that's funny when Malcolm
X said by any means necessary I was told
that he was a thug and a potential
terrorist and radical so and I was told
that that is that's exactly what's wrong
with some black activists so interesting
that some right-wingers have decided
that that that that is the right way to
go let's go to graphic xx his social
media accounts have been deactivated and
downtown Huntington reported that his
Facebook post was under investigation by
local authorities and federal
authorities including the Secret Service
and the FBI and just to give you a few
other examples of things that he has now
deleted if Michael Moore wants to rise
up then let us take our arms and rise
against him his death will be sweet
kill them all hashtag zero sympathy okay
so let's let's just talk about free
speech for a second because I hear a lot
of crying and whining from conservatives
when it comes to college campuses
protesting certain speak
now I don't think that college campuses
should ban speakers regardless of what
your political ideology is let everyone
come give their speech and you know it's
a free marketplace of ideas just because
you disagree doesn't mean someone should
be banned but I don't see bylaw
gianopolous or Ann Coulter speaking out
about what's going on here people are
allowed to protest that's protected
under the First Amendment and saying
that you're gonna go ahead and shoot and
kill individuals because they're
protesting your dear leader is
absolutely absurd but no one cares about
that no one speaks out against that yeah
and now look the authorities are looking
into it so that's a good thing the
Secret Service and FBI Senate because
threatening to kill people is a crime
I'm gonna tell you only one funny part
of this story and then I'll move on to
some more serious stuff in one of his
unhinged posts on the Federalists
website he wrote liberals don't own guns
they're all in the dildo movement which
by the way that sounds fucking fabulous
I don't know anyway so but most of it
was deadly serious in another post he
said there'd be a lot of so-called
innocent liberals facedown dead in the
streets and that would be a welcome
sight to me referring to something that
he wanted to do right and but one thing
I want to point out to you it is so
ironic this happens all the time is in
another post he said do you want all of
us dead referring to liberals they want
all of us dead and our children's blood
splatter all over the roads so they can
dance in it too the devil's tune okay so
it goes on and on with all these tales I
have to finish all Christian women who
are pregnant will be rounded up and
forced to have an abortion then take
into the courtyard and shot in the back
of the head what what any man found to
be a Christian will be shot where they
stand even in the churches we will have
to hide our faith Bibles and guns like
that's members of the right-wing think
these crazy things right now yeah and so
they of course it's not all the
right-wing but the constant propaganda
is gotten and the fear-mongering has got
into a state of some of them into a
state of panic and oh my god oh my god
what are we gonna do you know there's a
dildo movement and it's gonna kill all
the Christian men in the churches and
all it's gonna kill all of our babies
meanwhile the only person actually
threatening violence is him and it's the
reason I brought it up is the projection
let's go kill all the liberals liberals
want to kill us
no nobody said do you want to be kill
you liberals are for non-violence and
for peace but like all those guys who
all want the peace movement oh yeah
they're deadly this murderer first right
no man it's it's unfortunately some
unhinged Portia's of the right-wing that
are obsessed with guns and and want and
can't wait to use them and especially on
protesters and again protesters are
exercising their First Amendment rights
the ones that they're conservatives
claim to care a lot about and finally
that hash tag that he had in the in the
tweet about killing Michael Moore and
killing them all is like the essence of
extreme right-wing ideology hashtag zero
sympathy
