we've got a very serious showdown with
the u.s. and North Korea although you
couldn't tell it from our graphics they
are fun alright so let me tell you about
first we're gonna hear from South Korean
Ministry of National Defense he says
there is a possibility that North Korea
is likely to test this nuclear warhead
and missile capabilities through a
nuclear test with more explosive power
so they've been doing a lot of these
tests apparently they're gonna do
they're potentially most lethal one and
they're not dropping in on people
they're dropping usually in the middle
of the ocean but sometimes they go awry
so that's a whole another problem but
mainly this is North Korea saying we can
nuke you so it is deeply problematic
especially if you live in South Korea or
Japan where they might be able to reach
so how post has more details on this
earlier this year analysts suggest that
the North might be preparing to conduct
this sixth such tests after satellite
imagery showed a high level of activity
at the country's nuclear test site each
of the previous five tests had grown
increasingly more powerful and experts
have warned that North Korea may be
working to craft a warhead that can fit
atop a long-range missile now on the
show we've had a lot of discussion about
that I don't think they're anywhere near
being able to hit Seattle the long-range
missile with a nuke on top of it and
that reaches us and does it effectively
but each of these tests are getting more
and more advanced and yes of course I'm
worried about Seattle and Los Angeles
we're in Los Angeles and more likely to
reach the west coast than anywhere else
but since I'm a human being I'm actually
just as worried about Seoul South Korea
where we could lose hundreds of
thousands of people's people if there is
a conflict that begins and with both
with too unstable guys Kim jong-un and
Donald Trump in charge that's exactly
what I'm worried about so more on the
latest developments in order to respond
to this on Sunday the u.s. flew to
supersonic bombers over the Korean
Peninsula in a show of force
oh great and and then the North Koreans
are upset about possible sanctions that
we might put in because of all these
nuclear tests that they're doing and
they vow quote a stern action of justice
this does not go
so then okay if we have a stable person
in charge like John F Kennedy avoided
the nuclear war during the Cuban Missile
Crisis cooler heads like Obama George HW
Bush was a very level-headed guy
Republican Trump not exactly but he's
gonna try to reassure us listen to this
and see if you're reassured we have some
interesting situations that will handle
North Korea Middle East lots of problems
that we inherited from previous
administrations but we'll take care of
them we'll take care of them very well
oh they're gonna take care of them very
well then okay we're all set
didn't know that we're gonna take care
of them that well and of course whose
fault her they hate Donald Trump you're
an office and you're the president you
have to handle this situation but he's a
child so he's like she was not my fault
but they all got all these problems for
the previous administration this morning
he bragged about the economy so wait did
that come from the previous
administration no no no the economy's
old me but all the problems are the
previous administration never wants to
take responsibility is so ironic from
the guys who claim they're for personal
responsibility if Donald Trump can't
stay in personal responsibility here I'm
worried about what's actually going to
happen one more nonsense
response along similar lines from truck
we're gonna be able to and you'll be
yeah it will be handled we handle
everything thank you very much
it'll be handled we handle everything
but that's what you told us about health
care and then you end up punching
yourself in the face a couple of times
and you had like a pinata party before
it got passed and then you're like oh no
it didn't get passed
I mean it's mean I mean in fasten this
guy's the most incompetent manager we've
ever seen in our lifetimes and he's in
charge
and there's nukes at play here so look
guys I've said this from day one the
number one thing I'm worried about with
Donald Trump it is not conservative
ideas like repealing Obamacare and
enjoying tax cuts pence would try to do
those anyway and and and he might even
be more effective at it the number one
thing I'm worried about with Trump is
that he's going to accidentally trigger
it is
stress war because he doesn't know what
the hell he's doing and he's never known
and if you even scrape his ego he's
gonna be like Oh Gary and it's he's
gonna suffer no consequences from it
personally
so anything that doesn't affect Donald
Trump personally he does not care about
so I'm scared to death for what might
happen in the South Koreans if we get
into a war with North Korea and and if
we had a stable person in office I'd say
look cooler heads will prevail they
should put pressure on China to get
tough on North Korea they should do
sanctions they should do a number of
things but we should not go to war
because not it might be millions of
people who die in South Korea because
whether it's nuclear or not they have
all these weapons pointed at South Korea
and it's not that far
it will definitely reach high density
population centers in South Korea let
alone the damage it will do in Japan let
alone wherever else they can reach so
that's why if if Trump actually did some
sort of scandal I don't want to get into
that issue right now and is and is
impeached I'm gonna be the huge or
resigns I'm gonna breathe a huge sigh of
relief not because anything Mike Pence
is any better on any of the issues
related to to the u.s. here at home but
because at least he's not a child like
his answer for North Korea isn't like oh
we're gonna handle it really well like I
handled my six bankruptcies and
everything got bungled in the first six
seven months I mean don't worry it's
gonna be the best I got this I know what
I'm doing he doesn't even know anything
about North Korea he admits what you
know what he said he said turns out
North Korea is complicated and he admits
that he got most of his information
about North Korea from a 10-minute
meeting with the Chinese leader now
you're supposed to get it from our guys
from our intelligence officials not from
China who you now belatedly realize has
other interests in North Korea this
child is in charge and when it comes to
deadly affairs like this that's what
really scares me about Trump so the
quicker he's out of office them the more
we can all breathe a sigh of relief
across the world if you like The Young
Turks you love Young Turks membership
TYT Network comm sighs join
