so General John Kelly is the new chief
of staff for Donald Trump he was at
Homeland Security and obviously before
that he was in the military and boy the
mainstream media loves generals they
love the Pentagon they love the military
they love the establishment so now that
general Kelly is in there like oh it's a
channel for all the criticism of Donald
Trump the minute he names a general - as
a chief of septic so a headline from New
York Times new chief of staff is seen as
beacon of discipline hmm
then we go to the Washington Post John
Kelly
will bring some plain-spoken discipline
to an often chaotic West Wing okay here
comes the general discipline and
plain-spoken these are all like the
things that you say that make somebody
sound more heroic I got more for you in
a second from the papers but now let's
go to TV Jonathan Karl on ABC he comes
in as a much more powerful chief of
staff than Reince Priebus ever was if
you remember Martha when Priebus became
chief of staff he was announced along
with Steve Bannon as the chief
strategist with Jared Kushner as a
senior advisor now the power of all
three positions theoretically at least
will reside with general Kelly he will
have authority that Reince Priebus never
had much more powerful judgment not to
be fair to Jonathan Karl he's talking
about his position which is true
everybody now reports into John Kelly as
opposed to the old way of doing it okay
now but we're not done yet we go back to
New York Times
I love the beginning of this you'll love
it too the square-jawed mr. Kelly
the first general told the chief of sat
position since Alexander Haig during the
Nixon administration will be imposing
and a straight-laced figure in a West
Wing filled with constantly warring
aides and advisors most of whom came to
Washington with virtually no experience
in federal government before mr. Trump's
victory last year okay so come on guys
this is this reminds me of when George W
Bush landed on the aircraft carrier and
did his mission accomplished speech and
Chris Matthews was going nuts over his
outfit his costume this cosplay
he's like all the gotta be like such a
man the way he came on there and
and during the campaign he wearing worn
a cowboy outfit sometimes the
establishment is so easily fooled by
appearances uh and and III believe it
again it was kruseman have you was
saying like all of the way he struts in
he's good like a cowboy oh yeah
it's a channel a square jawed what does
this JA have anything to do with it but
they've got a narrative they're all
gonna run the same exact narrative now
do I know that John Kelly's a bad guy no
I don't I mean he said the Trump
administration so likely he was at
Homeland Security meaning he was
enforcing all the loathsome things like
the Muslim ban I'm sorry the travel ban
that happens to be only on Muslim
countries and to everyone in those
countries and not to people who were
suspected anyway and then the
immigration policies is Donald Trump and
and and so I understand that he's got a
reputation for being disciplined and
that's not that surprising but can we
just bring it down like 18 notches the
minute there's anyone that these that
the establishment media is familiar with
and had these maybe been a source for
them before and is from the Pentagon
earlier in his career it's a general
look at his job oh I got it so square
that's a squares job ever seen
okay just calm down man calm down okay
yes his administration was a total mess
I guess we're all hoping that there's
order to it although someone I can sled
to them not being able to pass an
atrocious health care bill that only had
a 17 percent approval rating so we
should be fairly happy about that
incompetence
so okay John Kelly's in and he's a
general let's actually see what he does
next
before we go nuts over his jaw watch the
young turks commercial-free downloaded a
stream it watch it anyway you like a TYT
Network comm /join
