most women are out here running their
own households whether you know they're
young women or their their their middle
age or or even older women where the WIA
dollars of the Workforce Investment
action federal job training programs
that are actually helping to make people
sustainable within their communities
those are those dollars and those money
choose to go into black communities when
there were black communities and so
where are those dollars nowadays when
given the fact here even in here in LA
County the number one demographic of
women who are living in ending up
homeless year after year decade after
decade are black women middle-aged
single and elderly black women thank you
well I mean where the federal workforce
dollars I think we need to ask our
members of Congress I mean I think that
there are things that are being done so
I want to be clear like I've been a
Democrat since I've been able to like
register to vote I have worked for
Democrats I've worked 15 different
campaigns including one presidential
like I believe in building up and
working for Democrats and working on
behalf of the party I I just think we
need to be a little bit more vocal and
clear about the things that it is that
it is that we want from our elected
officials and y'all might be like its
own that its own the onus that the
elected officials but I also think it's
on the onus of these communities because
when we showed up for health care and
said we do not want you to take our
health care we do not want X Y & Z the
reason Medicare for all so popular now
sort of people like folks in this room
are so vocal about saying that's what
they want and so part of it is I think
we need to show up and say those are
things that we want and on the onus of
our elected officials I think it's their
job to also educate themselves about
things outside of the mainstream things
they can't be doing for various
communities to really close the gaps so
I gotta be honest I only half by that
because when we do let Nancy Pelosi and
Dianne Feinstein and all these people
know we're for Medicare for all they go
just hush up already
right they don't want to hear it they
don't want to hear it so it's not like
it's unclear it's not like the polling
is unclear it's not like the town halls
are unclear they don't want to hear it
so I think the onus is
any more on them than it is on us and to
I think the onus is way more on
Baltimore and on the Republicans in the
Senate no the Republicans in the house
and let me tell you something they're
too busy saving Obamacare right now to
fight for single-payer the day will come
when people will fight for single-payer
I think it is very unfair to Nancy
Pelosi
to say she's not for it seventeen
percent approval rating I love your
brother and thank you for keeping the
caucus together but that is a really
really low bar okay and Nancy Pelosi is
on the record as saying she will not
push this you know what I will tell you
something this is phantom no no this is
only make your case you never make your
case that's why you lose elections
gay marriage why didn't we why did they
all privately were in favor of it but
didn't want to do it because they didn't
want to make their case they were
cowards if you liked this video you'll
love the whole TYT Network check it out
at TYT Network comm slash join
