the skinny repeal was it gonna happen no
one knew it came down to the wire it
seemed like Susan Collins was a no Lisa
Murkowski was a no and then came McCain
he stepped forward there was a moment of
hesitation let's take a look at what
happened on the floor mr. Peters I
watched a like 10 times thoughts
reactions to this moment okay
oh yeah voting it down which killed it
it would have been 5050 with him and
then Pence would have come in and made
the tiebreaker would have moved on like
this tiny room of people to reconcile to
how the house and the Senate bills but
now that's it the skinny bundle was
rejected okay
so let's break down the drama that
happened before he voted so McConnell
thinks he's got he's the Republican
leader said he thinks he's got all the
votes lined up he knows from the day one
that he didn't have Susan Collins he's
known for a long time he does that
Murkowski so they need to hold every
other Republican said of somehow he
could miss that idiot Dean Heller who's
now gonna lose a seat in Nevada to vote
for this disastrous spell and the bill
by the way the substance is super
important this actually is arguably the
worst of their proposals thirty two
million people could have lost their
health insurance because of this because
there was no replacement they just
gutted Obamacare and let us bleed out it
and next year alone seventeen million
people would have lost their health
insurance let alone overall 32 million
so it's a terrible idea the earlier plan
that was not as bad was it pulley at 17%
it was the earlier plane was disastrous
and this was worse so but make McConnell
somehow twisted arms got the donors in
but whatever and Dean Halloran and
brought Portman and all these guys who
are in swing states just walked off the
plank like okay I vote yes even though
this is probably my last note
okay I vote yes and then McCain who was
supposed to vote yes came in is like
sorry all of you
I prefer presidents with better health
care plans he walks in from the side and
this is when he kind of it was it was
you could tell he was looking to McCain
was looking a stick it stick it to them
so there's a bunch of Republicans behind
him and there's Mitch McConnell in front
of him he does the thumbs-down thing to
whoever's in the front as it happens now
look at Mitch McConnell's arms across
right after he turns him down he's gonna
stop and pause like fu here comes down
during his turn fuck you like what now
yeah what now it was it was half almost
inches but there's a significant aspect
of his motivation being you guys keep
picking at me yeah Trump keeps talking
about me not as much as to come get to
get you so maybe it's for the wrong
reason maybe you really believed in
screwing it by over but his pride was a
different thing so we have the statement
from McCain coming out of this he said
from the beginning I believe that
Obamacare should be repealed and
replaced with a solution that increases
competition lowers cost and improves
care for the people the so called skinny
repeal amendment the Senate voted on
today would not accomplish those goals
the speaker's statement which is the
speaker promised that the house would be
willing to go to conference does not
ease my concern that this shell of a
bill would be taken up and passed at any
time
one of the major failures of Obamacare
was that it was rammed through Congress
by Democrats on a strict party line
basis without a single Republican vote
we should not take make the mistakes of
the past that has led to Obamacare's
collapse including in my home state of
Arizona where premiums are skyrocketing
and health care providers are fleeing
the marketplace I just had a question
about the skinny repeal itself I was
under the impression that it would save
the Medicaid expansion but that the rest
of Obamacare would go away but that was
but then and that's really interesting
because like even then they hold it down
yes so and and that's why Shelley Mayer
Shelley Moore Capito from West Virginia
voted yes she was a hard no on anything
that cut
Medicaid because one-third of West
Virginia is on Medicaid so it's
conservative as she is he's like ain't
stupid I'm not gonna just throw a third
of my constituents out on their ass with
no health insurance they're gonna hate
me forever yeah so you're right this
didn't include that the problem with
this was that once you take the mandate
away then it definitely causes a death
spiral because then all the young
healthy people leave and getting are not
gonna get insurance so for the everyone
else who remains insurance becomes
incredibly expensive so then everybody
has trouble affording insurance then the
healthier God and then the everybody
else can't afford it so then they're
gone and that's why you lose even more
people so not replacing it is disastrous
and and so there's just that's why the
skinny repeal even though it didn't cut
Medicaid was in some ways worse it would
make Medicaid even more expensive and
burdensome I understand exactly how that
would go down but yeah that's an
interesting things I would I was always
thinking well if you save Medicaid then
you know you get more upvotes but so
mccain going into this saying like
listen I'm voting for he was the person
who emerged essentially from the dead
after brain surgery showing up saying
like I will be that vote that allows
this to go to the voter AMA where
everyone comes together and we have a
discussion he said around that I sat
down with my governor and Obamacare is
not working for my state I want to fix
it for my state he says here that this
skinny bundle would make it much much
worse if he voted yes it would have gone
to another like little cabal of people
to reconcile or come up essentially with
a completely new plan between the house
and the Senate he's saying all that yeah
but was a little bit of what he did a a
response to all the people who called
him a sellout for coming back to take
money away from our Medicare health care
from people and the quote saying I like
people who didn't get captured yes by
Trump about McCain did you know so
gameofthrones have like you screwed me
over once and I'm back okay so let me
explain all that because those are all
great questions so uh in doing so let me
explain a little bit more the
drama so his fellow Republican from
Arizona Jeff Flake who was also trying
to in some ways be a moderate but
failing miserably added had pulled him
aside and said look we're all going to
walk the plank if you don't walk the
plank with those were all screwed we all
voted for that and you've got nothing
out of it and he tries to get mr. McCain
and McCain says no then other
Republicans come and try to convince him
he says no then the president calls a
president Trump actually got stopped
playing cowboy or a fireman for a second
and actually did something okay and he
calls McCain McCain's like no then he
goes to the Democrats the Democrats are
like trying to convince him he's like
I'm done with this and he says quote
let's get this over with and then he
comes up with famous yeah he said watch
the show now okay so and that goes to
your point Brett about this is a little
bit of drama so and and so his official
reasons are legitimate and breaking
those downs he said he has been saying
from day one this is not regular process
what we need to do and what we
criticized or Obama and Democrats were
not doing which is actually not true
because they debated it for a whole year
but his point is we're supposed to
debate this thing McConnell wrote it by
himself in his office he didn't ask
anybody for any input and he just voiced
it on here and goes here vote for it
right but we didn't do anything that we
said we were gonna do we did no hearings
no discussion no debate so I told you
that was my problem and so that's why I
think he looks at McConnell there for a
second like I told you not to do this
not to do it this way and I told you not
to mess with me so that's that's point
one
second of all he's right about the
specific thing that you read Brett if
they go to conference there's no way
that it bill normally goes is either the
house of the Senate passed the first
other one passes it the usually passed
different versions that language will be
a little different they'll have a couple
of clauses that are different then they
go to a conference and come up with a
one joint bill which then goes back to
both houses it has to be the same and
they vote on it or they can just take
one of the two versions and say that's
the one and we're done with it so McCain
is saying if I say yes
to this in the hopes that we get a new
bill coming out of conference after we
negotiated with the House Republicans
and then we get to revote they tell me
don't worry about it
but no the house can just accept this
because we're not gonna get a yes vote
on anything else in which case I just
voted to take away insurance for 32
million people and I'm not gonna do that
and McConnell you want me to trust you
on that no and then they look to be fair
to be accurate it was this and then what
now okay so that's why he looked at
McConnell that way because of those two
points but is there more to it of course
so people got all of not on TV on TV
they're like Oh Bravo what a great
speech about process and this hero comes
back from brain cancer and boats and but
online everybody was like hey you
Schmucks he voted the wrong way like I
don't mean that just ideologically
because we don't agree with him he voted
against his speech he gave his speech
about we have to follow regular order
and then he's like right and I will vote
against regular order we'll go to do it
with this voter drama which is not at
all what I'm in favor of or I've ever
been invited to take it seriously so we
will call it the vote Arama so now when
it came to crunch time and he had gotten
all that he'd Oh what happened maverick
what happened man of principle you voted
the wrong way anyway and he's getting
tremendous he thank God for the internet
not from TV but but it's real it's just
like the internet caught Cory Booker on
the drug importation bill and he's like
what is this my hand in the cookie jar
right and we can't got his hand caught
in that cookie jar and he's like all
right you know what at the end I'm come
and finally is it revenge
remember McCain ran against Obama and
lost Obama and then Obama passed
Obamacare so some were speculating he
voted against his principles a couple of
days ago as a revenge against Obama
okay I'm gonna both write a little bit
of a here obama chevy air
yeah and then at the end Trump ship here
right but if you asked me and based on
that vote there's some evidence
he hates Trump more yeah cuz yeah he
he's just voted everything down and I'm
such a direct attack saying I like
people who don't get captured Oh
question about McCain is it's almost
like I mean we're scraping the barrel in
terms of Senate Republicans that we can
actually sort of a little bit minimally
admire and you know obviously poor guy
you know has brain cancer it might not
be around for a while it did seem like a
ridiculous thing to then like have one
of your dying actions be taking away
health care from 32 million people but
my question is like is is it a little
bit of a like no Republicans need to get
back to having some kind of principles
like that we that because you could
argue I mean that the Republicans
remember when they were just wrong
instead of crazy like that's a wonderful
moment for those are you watching at
home maybe some people might not
remember this Republicans used to be
just wrong and then they became crazy
when McCain got Sarah Palin to be his
running mate yeah yeah because if you
remember guys and so that's a great
great question everybody's asking that
question today so was it really an
active principle should he earn the
title of maverick finally after all
these years if you remember back the
times when they were just wrong they
weren't even always wrong yeah McCain oh
is the McCain of mccain-feingold we
can't want to get money out of politics
two decades ago and he fought to get
money out of politics that not in a
perfect way but but in a significant way
and so he gives you some principle you
know I don't know if I've said this on
the show before back when I was a
Republican I voted for McCain in the
primaries against Bush in 2010 and back
then there was a lot of evidence that he
had principles and was a real maverick
and by the way that's why the Republican
Party didn't pick him in 2000 all the
big-money guys went to Bush because he
didn't have principles and he would do
whatever the donors wanted so there is a
real maverick buried under that body of
John McCain now with this ailment he's
gonna run again so did that free him to
be maverick one more time I guess at the
end of the day and there's a lot of
people who were now so yelling it and
saying oh I don't care he's still a bad
guy and he still goes wrong 98% of the
time and yeah yeah yeah
look guys don't look a gift horse in the
mouth don't look a gift maverick in the
mouth okay so the guy who votes the
right way and all credit to Murkowski
and Collins as well and to every
Democrat that held yeah okay and I
criticize a lot of those establishment
Democrats but every one of them helped
okay so give credit to all those guys
and McCain doing the right thing at the
end is not a little important
it's monumentally important so he did
along with those other folks
he saved health care for tens of
millions of people so if he you know if
at the very end after doing a lot of
things wrong he became maverick again I
will take it
TYT membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
