we talked about some of the issues
climate change single-payer some are
counseling I read an article the other
day the Blue Dog Democrats are back and
they're saying let's go to the center
and that's why we're not losing and and
they are losing they they've lost the
house the Senate the White House the
Supreme Court is 69 out of 99 state
legislators now of course there's the
progressive wing saying no let's fight
for the positions we believe in now and
and let's go stronger in that direction
what do you make of that which direction
do you think they should go well you
know when I when I ran this the last
time for president my slogan was for the
people not too powerful and a lot of
people criticized that as leaning too
far toward the progressive side but it
just seems to me with rising inequality
and incomes and net worths and also the
inequality of political power our
democracy's been hacked by big money
long before the Russians hacked it and
we need to right the ship we need to
restore American democracy and I think
the way to do it is to is to really go
to the people and say we're for you and
we're not gonna to to bend to the will
of these so wealthy and powerful poobahs
you know a Bernie Sanders campaign
whether you agree with his agenda or not
just looking at the mechanics of it he
accomplished something that I think is
really significant beyond politics and
ideology he proved that it now is
possible in 2016 2017 2018 2020 to run a
very credible potentially winning
campaign without taking any special
interest money any big fat cat
contributions just going out on the
internet and trying to motivate the
average citizens of this country to
finance the campaign with small
donations that's the way it should be
and I think that the internet and social
media have now evolved to the point
where that really is possible and that
possibility gives me tremendous hope
that we may be able to rekindle the
spirit of America and Riaan
vigor rate the way our democracy is
intended to operate and that's best done
by going to the people with solutions
that speak to them and don't you know
bend over to be so careful with all
these powerful special interests
Craig move I'm wrong the first bill you
ever introduced was about getting money
out of politics yeah I mean every time I
what when I was first elected to the
House of Representatives I I introduced
legislation to have 100% federal funding
of all federal elections it was part of
the platform in every campaign I ran in
the house in the Senate both times I ran
for president I was never really
attacked on it jank because they
couldn't get people to believe that I
would propose such a thing but I really
believe that that that's one of the
secrets now it's hard to get something
like that passed I'm not naive about it
but I really do think that getting big
money out of politics is absolutely
essential to save the America that we
know and love I thought I was early on
it but you introduced that bill went
1977 so you might have figured out
things a little quicker than a lot older
than that so climate change money in
politics all these issues
you're way out ahead I hope that people
learn from that and and as one last
thing as I watch the movie and this is
for you guys I kept thinking how many
times does a guy have to be proven right
before you go maybe I should listen to
him okay did I mention the website King
I don't think you know inconvenience
equal calm you can buy advance tickets
it opens in Los Angeles this fraud
tomorrow and New York and then a week
from tomorrow August 4th it opens wide
all across the country and you got
viewers around the world this movie's
going to be playing in countries around
the world and use your voice use your
vote use your choices in life be a part
of the solutions and go to see this
movie An Inconvenient Truth an
inconvenience equal to the truth of
power yes so
the other thing is get involved climate
reality project and end there now and
the first thing to do in getting
involved is actually seeing what's going
on if you didn't see any community true
scope actually it gave me a truth and
then go see inconvenient sequel and it's
stark thank you yes
people come away hopeful they come away
hopeful but also with an increased sense
of urgency if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
