what's up everyone I am super excited
that Al Gore is coming out with an
inconvenient sequel of course this is a
sequel to An Inconvenient Truth and more
than anything I think right now is an
important time to focus on environmental
issues considering the fact that the
Trump administration is slowly but
surely dismantling environmental policy
that you know keeps our environment safe
or drinking water safe and attempts to
at least hinder the development of
climate change and so An Inconvenient
sequel is something that both the Young
Turks and participant media really want
to raise awareness about and we're doing
so through a campaign that is called ten
days of action and we're using the
hashtag be inconvenience and
inconvenience is important when you're
trying to be politically active right
you want to raise some awareness and do
so in a fun way as far as this campaign
we are highlighting NGOs this is part of
our 10 days of action and the NGO that
we really want to highlight today is
known as the Environmental Defense Fund
right tell me a little bit about them
but the EDF does they have a bunch of
different priorities such as stabilizing
the climate lowering emissions and doing
certain chemical policy reforms to make
sure that whatever your family
encounters as a result of energy
production is safe for you this slightly
sounds like very great ideas and they do
so by forming partnerships with the
utility companies as well as other
organizations that can really tell us
how to make a difference in our world
with very simple things like this
partnership with participant media where
they've developed a cool online
interface to find out how well your
utility company is making the transition
to clean energy so we have included a
link in the description box below you
can go ahead and click on that link and
you'll see that as soon as you do you
can put in your zip code yeah I did it
I'm an idiot I'm a moron I don't know
how to do a lot of stuff but I know how
to do this very easy go to the website
and you enter your zip code and it'll
give you something that looks a little
something like this it shows you who
your providers are of your for in this
case water and power other electricity
gas SoCal Edison I'm from
you're getting tons and tons of bills
from them over my life and once you do
that they'll tell you the breakdown of
and and how well that power company is
doing so it'll tell you whether or not
they support the clean power plan which
was something that was pushed for by the
Obama administration and it specifically
has to do with power plants and trying
to minimize the carbon emissions coming
from power plants but keep in mind that
for power plants that existed prior to
this policy they can continuously admit
as much pollutants as they want so they
weren't included in this policy and so
it doesn't matter if they weren't
included because we can hold our power
companies accountable it shows where you
can after you can click whether you want
to take action this is how we're doing
yeah you're region compared to the
national average non-renewables versus
renewables it's actually just a really
great chart and and very clear to read
and super helpful right and the most
important part of being politically
active is being informed and knowing
where your money is going and if your
money is going to a utility company or a
power company that isn't serving the
best interests of everyone and isn't
protecting the environment you can make
your voice heard and that's why we
absolutely love this
check out the environmental defense fund
please click on the link below in the
description box and make sure you check
out Al Gore's movie An Inconvenient
sequel not An Inconvenient Truth that
was the first one the movie opens in Los
Angeles and New York July 28th and also
nationwide August 4th so make sure you
guys check it out
