hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt recently Erik Trump Donald
Trump's son was on a show associated
with Fox News Radio it's the Fox News
rundown with Dave Anthony and he wanted
to brag about how wonderful the economy
is under Trump his father and he
actually got corrected and it was pretty
nice let's take a look name a
quantifiable measure right now that we
have in our society that's not better
off than it was 20 months ago we've got
the fastest growing economy in the
history of our country we have the
lowest unemployment that we've ever had
3.9 percent we have the lowest
african-american unemployment the lowest
Hispanic unemployment the lowest female
unemployment I mean where do you want me
to just to stop and I could go on and on
it's true the stock market had hit a lot
of records after your father took office
just by predictions it would it would
tank however when you say it's the
fastest growing economy we've ever had
that that isn't really the case because
economic growth of the low four percent
is what we just have had in the last
quarter and there's hope that that would
continue but even during you have to be
fair even during the Obama
administration while he did have some
very low growth in quarters there were
times that he got over 5% in economic
growth and over 4% more than once you
were 20 months into this thing all the
fairness were 20 months into this thing
you think we're getting four point you
know even eat I don't actually think he
had 5% quarters did yet of he had a 5%
quarter all right I would I would go
back and check that very carefully 2013
okay so we do know when that quarter was
it was actually
q2 of 2014 so the second quarter of 2014
the GDP grew by 5.1 percent but am I
gonna give Obama credit for that
no because quarter growth means nothing
GDP growth in one quarter means nothing
is there a trend and even so even when
there is a trend what is leading to that
GDP growth is it consumer debt which is
what we experienced in the last quarter
right how are people living what are
their wages what are the quality of jobs
what is consumer debt are people able to
afford homes
those are real ways to measure whether
or not the economy has improved and
we're gonna go into all that in just a
minute but I want to open it up to you
guys well there's two things here one I
it's you're tougher on Obama and Trump
than I am on that because I think GDP
does mean something it's a data point
and you say momentum means something so
we agree on that
but but we completely agree on the wages
and wages were flat under Obama they're
flat - declining under Trump so yes
somebody's getting wealthy but but it's
not the average American and so that's
been the problem under both Republican
and Democratic administrations so as
they brag about how they and their
friends are rich it doesn't really help
the rest of us but I do want to give
credit to Dave Anthony for at least
fact-checking him especially on Fox News
actually you're totally wrong but anyway
I think they came back later on in the
podcast with the actual paper for him I
can I just want to show you what you
said you didn't believe my thing is not
even getting into the specifics of his
argument just said if this is your
argument I don't I wouldn't blame if you
couldn't go back to what happened in
1965 but you at least if this is your
argument this is your main argument
about greatness you have to at least
know what happened in the administration
before your death like just the one I'm
not even asking you to go back to you
know especially he's making these
sweeping comments about this is the best
economy in history I mean this is of
course very trumpian to do that he's
really like a chip off his old man right
he just makes these sweeping statements
and he doesn't want to hear anything
that in any way contradicts it even as
you know the evidence is presented
not once but twice during the show he's
still - yo yo you better go to it you
know I doubt those figures because you
know it's it so so you're right you
should certainly have a knowledge of
recent history so with two things about
that one especially given that earlier
in the week there was a controversy
about his dad saying outlandish things
that proved to be not true and there was
talk about GDP has never been at 4%
growth and it was like no Obama did it
many many times yeah
so Eric Trump already presumably knows
that and decides that he's gonna lie
about it anyway maybe he thought I'm on
Fox News maybe he thought my last name
is Trump it doesn't matter I'm not gonna
get caught but he did he did and just to
give you more specifics right because
for me this isn't a partisan thing I
think Democrats and Republicans both
like to take credit for things that they
haven't actually accomplished but with
that said to be fair to Obama there were
other quarters where GDP growth was
above 4% quarter for of 2011 four point
seven percent as I mentioned quarter 2
of 2014 5.1 percent quarter 3 of 2014
four point nine percent right and so he
did have some bad quarters some good
quarters but again that doesn't matter
you need to have a consistent trend and
more importantly you got to look at
other factors and and right now no one
wants to look at those factors so I want
to do it okay so first off oh we've done
so much better since the recession
everyone's recovered everyone's living a
great life they're living their best
selves no they're not people suffering
right now in fact Reuters recently
reported about the number of people
whose homes are still underwater
following that recession 5.1 million US
homeowners are still living with the
fallout from the real estate bust that
triggered this epic downturn nearly one
in 10 American homes with mortgages were
seriously underwater meaning that their
market values were at least 20% 25%
lower than the balance remaining on
their mortgages it is double the rate
considered healthy by real estate
analysts ok also if you look at consumer
debt it's much higher today than it was
at the height of the economic collapse
in fact consumer debt is at three point
nine trillion dollars today
at the height of the economic collapse
it was 650 billion okay so these are
factors that matter because this is not
debt that involves mortgages this is
just credit card debt auto loans student
loan debt and this is stuff that's
really weighing people down and and you
know they're not able to really
participate in the economy the way these
millionaires and billionaires are right
to sustain their livability in this
country now they're going to have to
borrow because their buying power is
going away and that's that it's trending
away for sure
so and as usual a lot of people hurt
most are Republicans in states like
North Carolina Georgia Pennsylvania in
this case voted for Trump Iowa Indiana
etc why the coastal properties recovered
their prices and in fact should have now
gone up but a lot of the homes inside
the country didn't they were devastated
by the downturn and are massively
underwater and and can't escape and in
fact a lot of veterans and current armed
forces folks that live near military
bases are stuck in VA loans that have
bigger penalties if you try to get out
of them so a lot of the Republican
voters got hurt the most their wages
have now declined because of inflation
and then you they've got the student
loan debts the medic medical situation
that's absolutely an albatross around
their neck and it's got to be a little
bit grating I'm sure they thought it was
terribly grating when Obama was bragging
about the economy now to have the trumps
bragging when it didn't get any better
for the average American has also got to
be a little bit grating and then finally
the problem with Eric is he didn't go
full Trump so this is the reverse of the
normal rule okay because he got nervous
and he's like well I mean you'd have to
check those numbers no no if you're
gonna go Trump you got to go full Trump
know your numbers are wrong my numbers
are the best they are the strongest how
dare you right and that's how is that
gets away with it but almost no one else
can pull up pull that off because other
people even Eric Trump have a little bit
of a conscience so when they get caught
within a lie they feel bad about and
they're like oh they try to make an
excuse Trump never makes an excuse you
over the top some my fault is your fault
for presenting the correct facts that
make news yeah so Eric if you couldn't
try to copy your dad you got to go full
truck thanks for watching this free clip
of The Young Turks don't forget to
become a TYT member today for more
exclusive content join now at TYT calm
slash join
