following Donald Trump's announcement
that the US military would no longer
accept trans people to serve in the
Armed Forces a lot of service members
have been clapping back one such
individual is Kristin Beck Kristin Beck
is not just your average service member
born Christopher Beck she served for 20
years in the Navy with SEAL Teams won
five and eventually the elite six she
deployed 13 times over two decades
including stints in Bosnia Iraq and
Afghanistan she received the Bronze Star
Award for valor and the Purple Heart for
wounds suffered in combat if you don't
believe me that she's this much of a
badass there is actually a really
excellent documentary by CNN films
called Lady valour let's take a look at
Kristin Beck I am Steve Chris Beck
currently in Afghanistan Christopher
Beck served this country with great
strength and great honor for 20 years
here's a member of a special
counterterrorism unit called SEAL Team
six
it became an elite Navy SEAL and all the
time carrying a burden that finally led
him to make a drastic decision now I
never met the real me
no one knew anything Chris Beck details
his transformation to become Kristin
Beck in some ways this is way more
mentally and physically rigorous and
many things I've done in my past we're
Americans and we are part of our country
it's another mission
and now I'm starting over
it was a shock
I had no clue we're brothers but I never
saw a girlie enough I like your outfit
think I got this out from you
this is my new armor
I'm here for any teen guy or teen girl
someone who wants to change their gender
it just doesn't seem to fit in with that
life stuff - I miss I shoot weapons
the real Kristin back I was not proud of
I fought for 20 years for life livery
and in pursuit of happiness and I want
some happiness
this is my life
Wow Wow yeah so Kristin Beck has a
message for Donald Trump which is
basically let's meet face to face
Kristin spoke out saying let's meet face
to face and you tell me I'm not worthy
the yeah
transgender doesn't matter do your
service going on to say being
transgender doesn't affect anyone else
we our liberties light if you can't
defend that for everyone
that's an American citizen that's not
right and then going on to address
Donald Trump's point about the money
issue this is part of the budget this
isn't him being discriminatory this is
about you know making cuts for the
military to serve its best she says the
money is negligible you're talking about
0.0001 percent of the military budget so
she's not mincing her words I want to
get a reaction from you guys and their
other trans service members that are
speaking up and we're gonna get to that
in a little bit but first after having
watched that just such a badass story
you can find I believe the full
documentary on Netflix I would recommend
checking it out what is your response do
you think that this is okay that she's
speaking out oh I do I think it's okay I
love it and honestly I didn't know
anything about her until this terrible
story broke today with what Trump is
trying to do and you know I read what
she had to say and I hadn't seen that
video and watching that video gave me
goosebumps and you know just seeing how
heroic she is and the fact that she
served in the military for such a long
time two decades and then you know her
statement about fighting for you know
life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness and how she wants happiness
she is beyond entitled to that happiness
you know I'm just proud that she's an
American and she should shouldn't face
any type of persecution or
discrimination and it's sick that our
commander-in-chief doesn't respect her
so you can check out the trailer again
in the link below that will have CNN
films too great job there on that one so
she said we our liberties light and she
put her life on the line how many times
two to prove that out and if she hasn't
earned her freedom who has I mean if you
say to her fight for our freedoms but
not your own right that is a
preposterous statement
and and of all people for Donald Trump
to say this he ran from service he did
five deferments in Vietnam now some of
it was because of school some people
were legitimately in school and you know
he was of the age where he could be in
school and his daddy got him into pen
which he now brags about love to see
your transcript by the way anyway and
the buddy then he was at a school and
his dad got a doctor to write a letter
about how he had bone spur in one of his
foots in one of his feet and then and
the campaign trail they asked him about
he's like I don't remember which foot oh
it was so devastating that you would had
other people go die for you in Vietnam
but apparently it was so unimportant you
don't even remember which foot it was
you know why cuz you made it up cuz
you're a rich jackass who inherited two
hundred million dollars from your dad
and then bragged about it for the rest
of your life you didn't go serve now
these people want to serve they want to
be Liberty's light and you won't let
them so it's just quick suggestion for
them stand a post yeah well what we're
hearing from a lot of these transgender
service members that are speaking up
that are so appalled by this from our
commander in chief is that they fight
for individual liberty it's what this
country is founded on it's not a it's
it's a bipartisan Liberty that we all
have a right to and another retired
sergeant shane ortega a transgender man
who served as helicopter crew chief in
the Army's 25th Infantry Division has
been through three combat tours also
spoke out speaking with Ross story this
is a completely egotistical move on
behalf of Donald Trump I think he's
honestly trying to circle the American
people to deflect and attract the
principles and good will of what it is
to be an American service member and
he's trying to use them as pawns right
now in order to invoke some sort of
emotional reaction from the public to
circumvent his own investigations that
are going right now towards his
impeachment so what is your response to
that I have nailed it you think this is
just a distraction I think it's cool
yeah it's a distraction especially when
you consider that this wasn't something
that was in the works he didn't have any
communication with a Pentagon about this
the pentagon was completely like you
know it surprised by it
of the blue I could yeah when I saw this
rollin in on my Twitter feed I I wasn't
sure of what I was seeing is you kind of
see it trending before you go to the
source a little bit you see people
tweeting about it then you go back to
the source material it really did feel
out of the blue Anna yeah sort of where
is this coming from it's an in that
sense I I do sort of wonder is this a
distraction what am I am I now all my
attention is on this where it was before
we're talking about the investigation
we're talking about collusion right well
we should we should focus on all of it
and I think most Americans are smart
enough to know what's going on and
they're aware of what he's trying to do
and you know I I always like to look at
you know the the time that he tweets and
they're always super early in the
morning or in the you know 3:00 in the
morning 4:00 in the morning in this case
there were five in the morning tweets
and when I woke up in the morning you
know I get Apple News Alerts pick up my
phone and I read what Trump is doing and
I'm like well another day in America
yeah you're always brace for impact
damage report yeah what did he do today
yeah but in this case it's it's I like
how you're like really considering the
other side grace you're giving the
benefit of that no the Pentagon was
caught off guard they're like we oh we
have no policy on that we have to change
our policy I don't I don't know what he
just did
so of course it's a political
distraction but anyway he could live up
to it now he's too late for Vietnam
other people died and he and he bragged
by the way you should know this is
amazing for all you guys who think he's
for veterans first of all he just now
spoke out against all these brave
veterans back also has a Purple Heart
for getting wounded in combat and Bronze
Star award for valor
so gee I wonder who's more patriotic
more American and and more for services
but now it's too late oh he did the
thing you should know he said that yeah
he didn't go to Vietnam but avoiding
STDs in the sex parties he was going to
was his own personal Vietnam that's who
Donald Trump is Wow so listen if you're
ever going to try to kick someone out of
the military have your kids stand to
posts have all your Republican
politicians voting with you stand a post
so Don Junior Eric you're doing sitting
around doing nothing but getting
yourself in trouble go and stand a post
fill in for those trans service members
trying to kick out if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm / join
