so you may know Randall Stephenson as
the chairman and the chief executive of
the telecommunications giant AT&T but
did you also know that he is actually
the president of the Boy Scouts of
America now of course the Boy Scouts of
America have been in the news because of
their annual Jamboree which turned into
one of the cringefest 2017 in which
President Donald Trump spawned on a
bunch of 11 to 17 year old boys to boo
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama now how
is it AT&T relate to the Boy Scouts of
America it's because there there is a
there's a little bit of a deal in play
going on that Randall Stephenson needs
the Trump administration's approval to
go through in his other role of the role
as the chairman and chief of AT&T he has
been trying to court Trump in the
administration as AT&T Shepherd's it
it's 85 billion deal for Time Warner
through the Department of Justice the
department is currently conducting an
antitrust review which evaluates how the
deal would affect competition in the
industry the process is supposed to be
private and apolitical
but there are concerns in Congress that
President Trump is trying to influence
it this is of course comes after Donald
Trump really hates time warner cable's
CNN she's not a big fan and White House
advisors have reportedly considered
using their influence on the deal as
leverage against CNN and one adviser
said the administration won't support
the merger if CNN president Jeff Zucker
remains in his role and making things
look even worse Stevenson himself has
had several calls with the president and
he also visited Trump Tower before the
inauguration so now we're seeing a
little bit of a tie about how that
annual Jamboree got so out of hand and
why you know the Boy Scouts of America
haven't really done that much to
apologize they issued an apology but it
was a little weak sauce for me
yeah and now this deal we know about
this deal it there's a connection here I
would say so just to clarify a few
things they did not release an apology
what they did was explain that and we're
there yeah they're like you know I mean
it's just tradition like we have the
president come and speak and it's true
they usually have the the acting
president come and give a speech and so
you know some people kind of like didn't
like it but this is just what we do
sorry though it's actually it was being
very generous and characterizing it as
an apology
it really was just them saying we're
nonpartisan right that was it that was
pretty much it and the reason why they
had to release a statement is because so
many parents who have their sons in the
Boy Scouts were disturbed by that
rambling mess of a political speech
political rally speech that Trump gave
to these kids so two children two
children exactly children teenage boys
yeah even constituents like I mean
they're not clearly voting for yeah yeah
so there's there's two traditions here
one is that the sitting president of the
United States is an honorary president
of the Boy Scouts of America they get
invited every year they don't often go
Obama spoke to them in 2010 and then
Trump did it this year the second
tradition is that if they do speak to
the Boy Scouts it has to be very
nonpartisan non-political and so that
tradition is completely violated so
they're apart their statements saying we
just follow tradition is actually not
true so now the Stevenson care more
about Boy Scouts and we blows or the 85
billion dollar deal that he's got cookin
with Time Warner
of course he cares more about the deal
so now this story's actually tiny bit
more complicated because Trump is
pretending to be against the deal and he
is using his leverage to try to get Jeff
sucker fired from Ciena which is like
everybody's shocked and chagrined by
that but the reality is the presidents
do do that they do and but they dare
smart enough to do behind the scenes
Trump is too stupid to realize you're
not supposed to just say it so he just
says it then it seems like political
interference but the reality is that
Republicans are going to approve this
but over this merger okay I don't know
if Trump will be long around long enough
to approve it but if he is he will and
and other Republicans will because
there's a lot of money to be made and
these are their donors and that's why
this yeah the Randall Stephenson firm 18
he's on the advisory boards and he went
to Trump Tower and he's making calls and
he's inviting the president the boy says
that's not I mean like they get normally
invited anyway but all the rest of it is
because he's trying to smooth you know
smooth things over and yet that merger
approved and when Republican donors are
on the line it's gonna get approved mark
my words
help us build independent
together TYT Network comm /join
