a man in Southaven Mississippi was
fatally shot and killed after police
mistook his house for the house of a
suspect the man had no active warrants
South Haven police on Monday killed
resident Ismael Lopez on Monday evening
after arriving at his house in an
attempt to serve an arrest warrant for a
man named Samuel Pearman whose house was
located about a dozen yards away from
Lopez's his wife told their local news
Action News 5 that she and her husband
were sleeping and they heard some
commotion he went out to investigate in
the next thing that she knew he had been
shot by police and was lying dead on the
floor attorney Murry Wells who is
representing Lopez's family says that
the bullet holes suggest police shot
through the door of Lopez's house police
claimed that Lopez opened the door and
pointed a gun at them and that they only
shot him after repeatedly asking him to
drop his weapon however some neighbors
are disputing the officers account
because they didn't really that's not
what they heard a lot of people were
awoken by this commotion and the lawyer
goes on to say Wells implied that
officers had reasons not to tell the
truth and their account of what happened
namely because they could face
consequences for shooting Lopez he also
said that Claudia who is the only one on
the property who could not be held
responsible for shooting Lopez did not
hear any commands or instructions being
given in addition well said Lopez never
pointed a gun at the officers and just
sort of closing in his memory they've
been in that home for 13 years and the
only time the police had ever been there
was when they had been robbed before no
criminal history whatsoever a
long-standing employee of the city of
Bartlett mechanic loved in the
neighborhood this is an incredibly
tragic story jack i kinda want to toss
it to you because you said that your
take on this was it was less about the
police shot the wrong guy it's what what
if they shot the right guy you know I
think the narrative here has gotten a
little muddled at how we've been seeing
it reported real quick though before you
jump in on that I just want to make a
quick statement about how the cops are
claiming that he was pointing a gun at
them and and that's the reason why they
decided to open fire why is there a
gunshot or a bullet hole through the
door right like that that's just very
strange to me so you're saying that you
could see through the door and he was
holding a gun and refused to put it down
then you shot him it's just weird anyway
this this seems like a classic case of
shooting too early which is now the
millionth story
we've done about cops who shoot too
early so you don't even know who the guy
is
you weren't the wrong has even bother
asking him hey who are you but you you
might have shot too early if you didn't
ask who he is and so let's break it down
in eighteen different ways first off
you're going to a house in the middle of
Mississippi in the middle of the night
eh even if he what the cop story is true
which no witnesses agreed to every
witness says first thing they hear is
the shots they don't hear any commands
to put a gun down there's a bullet in
the door so and none of their stories
corroborated but even if it was true
you're surprised that a guy comes out
with a gun in the middle of Mississippi
everybody's got a gun in Mississippi
shouldn't you be prepared for that
moment like hey look if we're going to
arrest someone
and so he's not like the guy that they
were trying to get is not some sort of
crime lord it was a domestic assault
from from before it's not like it was an
emergency situation and oh my God he's
got a gun and he might use it no they go
and they're gonna go serve this warrant
or whatever and arrest the guy and you
think hey maybe a house that in the
middle of the night at Mississippi when
I rile them up think I might have a gun
and let's plan out how we're gonna
handle them instead who cares just shoot
him through the door or even in their
scenario the guy comes out with a gun
and they're like all right we asked him
a couple times just kill him just kill
Murray let's move on well look if you're
a Republican
how many of you have guns so if they
wake you up in the middle of the night
and you don't know who it is you don't
know that it's cops right you're in the
middle of mystery it could be anybody
but a bunch of guys pointing guns at you
what would you do you'd probably come
out with your gun right you're gonna get
killed because they're not gonna ask
questions they're gonna give you at best
in their scenario a couple of seconds
before that you're dead okay now that's
their best-case scenario where the guy
actually showed up with a gun that he
has a right to carry right but in
reality the evidence says from what they
can gather okay the guns not near the
body present it's Mississippi the guy's
got a gun it's in the house but it's
somewhere else so wait what did he go
pack the gun after he was dead okay why
is there a bullet in the door why
no witnesses corroborating your story
and oh hey Authority's covering up for
their own mistakes
oh well that's got to be at first so
even if they shot the right guy
it would have been hideous and of course
the guy he says he didn't do the
domestic assault but they it doesn't
matter you arrest someone for domestic
assault you don't execute them for
domestic assault and you don't execute
someone with a two seconds because I
don't know I'm never taking a chance man
I'm gonna rile people up in the middle
of the night and if they even look at me
we or I don't even see him who cares
just shoot him through the door who
cares I'm not gonna take any chances my
training told me everybody's a threat
there are no citizens I'm trying to
protect oh I'm only trying to protect
myself just shoot the citizens kill them
and move on with your life right and
this this could have happened to anyone
in the neighborhood they didn't take you
know any extra time to verify the
address of the person that they were
supposed to go to right and by the way
obviously that man in this this scenario
was extremely lucky because he's alive
today right he would have I mean almost
certainly be dead if they had gone to
the right house and and so like in this
case it's in the middle of the night so
just put yourself in that situation okay
you're in bed with your spouse you hear
commotion at your front door you don't
know who it is I would panic if it's the
middle of the night and I hear that
commotion my front door you know and so
you go and you're confused you know
what's going on people are talking to
you they're cops who knows what they
said to him he was probably still
confused I don't know how it all went
down we all don't know you know the
specifics of how it went down but the
way that they handled the situation even
in the best case it for the cops was
terrible was terrible that's not the way
that you're supposed to handle a
situation like this all right Lyceus
look if you had no sympathy for
african-americans who keep getting shot
when they don't have weapons on them
well now congratulations we've made the
cops so jittery our training of them is
so miserable and there's never any
consequences now they don't care about
your race you got the woman the yoga
instructor
shot dead in Minnesota and and now they
don't know the guys race he didn't even
open the door yeah okay so they're like
I don't care man they told me there's no
consequences and I should never ever
ever ever take a risk of my life so just
kill them before I even see him so how
do they know you're a good honorable
right-wing Republican they don't they're
gonna come for you to help us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
