I want to give you guys a little taste
of where the liberal media really is and
that's here at TYT progressive media to
be clear so because of our audience and
because of your support we were able to
hire investigative reporters and naomi
LaChance is one of those reporters and
i'm always incredibly impressed with
some of the reports that she does and
she caught up with al franken after the
senate vote in regard to replacing the
affordable care act and she asked about
an issue that we all really want to know
about is single-payer on the table is
that something that Democrats are gonna
fight for here's what Al Franken have to
say okay my name is Naomi the chance I'm
a reporter which I see cause our what do
you think it's a likelihood of
single-payer all right okay look look so
it makes feelings about that right so I
don't have that I don't have mixed
feelings about that okay okay you run as
a liberal you run as an individual
that's going to represent those on the
Left that shouldn't be a difficult
question to answer
yeah the reason I say my experience is
that sometimes people do come up to the
politicians and they're not quite ready
to answer an issue it is not the fault
of the reporter that is exactly what the
reporters job is I'm very proud of naomi
LaChance they're doing exactly where I
think for the Young Turks she's our
reporter on the scene she should put all
those politicians on the spot now so
they like to have pre scheduled
interviews now sometimes they get
ambushed by chirps asking illegitimate
questions that you'll get Jesse Watters
running around there etc and he's trying
to trap them so they can go on get a
false soundbite and go on Fox News with
it but that's why you have to listen to
the question and the question she has is
the single most legitimate question you
could possibly have on this health care
issue you are supposed to be a
progressive Democratic senator people
are always telling me you should run for
president because you're such a
progressive and she asked you about
single-payer at a minimum you could say
hey we're still considering that issue
maybe we can set up an interview later
or you don't want to set up an interview
with us that's fine we're still
issue but like no no no we're not gonna
answer single-payer you know why they're
not gonna answer single-payer he's not
on the record if he was on the record
this would be easy he just say oh yeah
of course I'm for single-payer if you
ask me in this street I tell you I'm for
single-payer right but Al Franken no I'm
not sure well get sure that's your job
that's look that's the reason why I
don't have mixed feelings on that video
I just feel like you know those on the
left the you know the the Democratic
establishment is already paving the way
for him to run as a president right and
so they haven't learned their lesson and
look I have nothing against Al Franken
he just doesn't represent the best
interests of progressives he doesn't he
hasn't fought for progressives this is a
progressive issue that you know he could
have taken a chance to address and he
didn't address it and it's not a
difficult question he is he's in office
right these are things that he's
supposed to be thinking about all the
time and so he got caught off guard
please you can answer this question
simply by saying yes we're considering
it that's it that's all you have to say
it doesn't mean that you're gonna fight
for it aggressively and I highly doubt
that he will fight for it aggressively
so from time to time
Al Franken will poke his head up and and
and didn't do something good so he'll he
probably the best questioning of Neal
Gorsuch out of all the Democratic
senators but then he'll go back into
hiding and we'll wait for next
Groundhog's Day for Al Franken to come
up and so that's exactly what's wrong
with senator Al Franken which is Anna's
point which he'd the reason it as an
answer that question even saying we're
considering it is a statement because oh
wait a minute are you considering
single-payer that's radical stop
thinking about what Fox News is gonna
say who of course they're gonna say that
the Republicans are gonna say that your
job is to defeat them in the in the most
important place that battlefield of
ideas but if yours are so scared of your
own ideas that you're not willing to
even say you're considering it well then
you can see why progressives real
progressives aren't out there going like
oh my god no wait
Al Franken wow that's super interesting
so so far only Washington finds the idea
of alpha
and running really interesting and by
the way if Al Franken would like to shut
us up great
he's got the floor he's a United States
Senator he can grab that microphone at
any time and tell us all the wonderfully
progressive things he's going to do and
vote for and fight for and look I used
to know Franken at air America and he
was far more aggressive back then but
his political strategy and everybody in
Washington knows this and it's super
obvious if you're following politics be
super super careful be super careful
just beat your head out every once in a
while but don't rock the boat
that's not an interesting candidate
right now in these times so hey man it's
it's not my policy to your policy so you
want to do something about it
show me what you got if you like this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
