the headline search warrant says
marijuana found in Gotham John's
apartment after deadly shooting his
apartment also contained a homicidal
off-duty police officer who killed him
why why does this continue to happen why
is it that whenever a black person in
this country is taken at the hands of
injustice the justice system and many in
the media to everything they can to
criminalize the victim was an intent to
come after this young man's character
which is impeccable by the way before I
go on I want anyone and I mean anyone
who looks at this headline and is not
profoundly outraged and disgusted to
tell me why please tell me why seriously
yesterday was both of John's funeral a
brilliant young man who after 26 years
on this earth was celebrated by friends
and family as a generous kind thoughtful
mind who left nothing but I stellar
impression on everyone who was lucky
enough to meet him his smile lit up a
room he was the guy you called anytime
you needed anything I said hit me which
a real name well he said both thumbs
ship Jean I said Bo Bo that's what is
gonna be bro
26 years on this earth and not one not
one personal encounter with the criminal
justice system it's simply horrifying
right that this needs to be said but in
this country when the vilification of
black people has become standard
practice in the wake of their untimely
death it is necessary because it was on
that day a day that no family should
have to endure well they are forced to
bury a loved one the Dallas PD released
to the media the breaking news that weed
was found in John's apartment let's put
aside for a moment Dallas PD s
incredibly cynical and transparent
effort to pin the blame for his own
murder on the victim by searching both
from John's apartment sifting through
all of his belongings before doing a
comparable investigation of the killer
which by the way they still haven't done
but in what world is this one relevant
and - a piece of information that you
lead with is breaking news when
reporting on the young man's tragic
death listen and listen carefully
stop vilifying and trying to criminalize
black victims this man was murdered in
the comfort of his own home he did not
have to follow any commands
that's irrelevant and smoking weed
whether he did or did not is not a
justifiable reason for homicide but this
just follows the consistent black lives
don't matter protocol where law
enforcement and media outlets will talk
about a hoodie a pack of Skittles a pack
of cigarettes a joint of wallet a cell
phone anything and everything to
criticize a victim in deflect blame from
where it belongs on the murderer why are
these media outlets not looking into her
background
why aren't they addressing these clear
flaws in her character you know the
person who actually committed the crime
instead of doing backflips to try and
tarnish the character of a black man who
was unjustly taken from this earth and
then people have the cheek to ask why
players kneel and ask why I talk about
race so much and ask why I spend my time
highlighting these examples and then
accused me or people like me of race
baiting and virtually signaling this is
why man people of color in the United
States are far more likely to be
subjected to this type of treatment than
any other demographic no other group in
this country are forced to endure the
consistent and incessant vilification
that comes in the wake of an already
excruciating loss no other group so if
you're a person and even remotely
conscious and this doesn't both break
your heart and outraged you to your very
core then you are part of the problem if
it does then help alter the narrative
dispute every attempt to deflect blame
share this in every other video or
article that seeks to shed light on the
truth and remember both of John for the
person he was not the person the justice
system wants him to be wolfram Shiva was
not a silouan
Shiva was a godly man
continue to conversation on my Instagram
at Francis M Maxwell and make sure to
become a member
tea white tea network.com / join never
miss another breakdown video by ringing
the bell below you'll get notified
whenever we publish something new and
don't forget to join TYT today download
our TYT plus app on your phone or head
over to TYT calm / join
