all right we are back on Game of Thrones
review what's the season 7 episode 2 yep
okay now 9 episode 20 okay bye bye I
wish from your mouth to God's ears or
the Lord of Light ears yes so uh that
was an episode boy we had a nice ending
there that was game with Rhodes nice
nice well we had it we had a hell of an
ending let's put it that way yes John
and I did accidentally wear the same
shirt are you okay House TYT yes that's
why I wear Hawaiian shirts all the time
so that shit doesn't happen next time
we'll come on in Hawaiian shirt shop TYT
dark oh yeah so what are we gonna we
gonna take a look at the preview yet
does that that's the answer that's later
all right so let's all let's start
backwards a little bit so let's talk
about the three momentum Greyjoy versus
a Greyjoy the battle yeah right
I think the episodes name was great joy
and great joy crying nobody talks about
it okay release the Kraken
no that's it was literally yeah release
the graphic yeah I first of all I'm
totally curious how anyone in that
battle knew who to kill
I mean they just say you run onto the
boat and then there's all swinging and
they're all turning around I mean it's
easier to figure out what boat to fire
on yeah what's your on the boat well
maybe it you know all your buddies and
if you don't recognize somebody that
they know but in this case is it's dark
rage or raining so they are all wearing
the same things they look and they all
used to be buddies but the boarding
party is probably less than like two
dozen men you theoretically would
recognize their faces I guess I thought
if you kill a lot of friends in these
okay look if the four of us jumped into
another boat and started swinging axes
and I turn around and I see jank I'm
probably not gonna keep swinging but if
you turn around and you see five guys
with beards but look exactly like John I
had all thought it'd be like John your
brothers are here
example because in the worst case
scenario you kill John right the
bastards
I mean everybody looks alike like the
rainbow they're like kind of but here we
go
but I'm just saying presumably that you
have some insight there into the
difference in the Battle of the bastards
between the Bolton's and the John's army
whoever that were the the Nights Watch
guy they're wearing different things
here they're they're all graduates in
the battle bodies are covered in mud you
can't say that's okay it's okay
so let's get under the most reports up
which is that that was Game of Thrones
so that that's a serious ass battle
right there that's no joking around and
nice entrance for your own plans go
seriously sideways yes something goes
terribly wrong for Daenerys this plan
yeah well so let us note for the record
that as we were watching live which is
what we're doing now we watch live and
then do the review right afterwards
check out all this on youtube.com slash
what the flicks show all the reviews are
there anyway I said when she explained
the plan to get right to everybody I
said it's a bad idea and I thought was
that if you split up the army each part
is weaker and we know that Euron was out
there so it allows you Ron to pick them
all but we're gonna sail down there and
then sail back come on give the Dornish
army and everything's gonna be fine and
then they'll yeah but they but the
Greyjoy's no I mean because she's talked
about she had talked about their uncle
meaning to be taken care of they know
that he's out there with that fleet
somewhere yeah he's somewhere they
should have considered that a little bit
better but more so than that it's just a
you have a killer badass gigantic army
it I'll give you a perfect example once
I'm playing blackjack with a guy who's
got two tens he asked the dealer should
I split him she said son if you had a
10-inch cock would you split it okay and
so if you've got a nice piece don't
split it just take the win that's thing
bow down to King's Landing blow them
away by any means necessary
yeah the Dragons it won't kill tens of
innocent people don't kill tens of
hundreds this is not the real world it's
Game of Thrones a real world so your
lady need some good point you're with
lady Elana right and you're not Syrian
and not Tyrion you're like oh go ahead
be be queen of the ashes not not queen
of the ashes there overdoing it
everybody hates Cersei there's a better
way to to attack the kingdom this split
in your okay but Searcy pointed out
correctly that she can rally the nobles
around
don't let that Dothraki horde don't let
those foreigners come in and Sully
they're going to get castle rock anyway
that's also part of the kingdom yes if
you weren't getting the Dornish then you
wouldn't be so no but you're being
inconsistent I've caught you in a logic
no but if they if they if you if they do
what you want and just go get Cersei
with your huge badass army
that's the unsullied then you're then
the plan yeah was to send the unsullied
to cash Lee runnier so no my point is
that you're sending the unsullied to
Casterly Rock anyway so so no no let me
finish the thought which is invading
with the unsullied and Westeros that
ship has sailed who gives a shit like so
you're not the Tully's are not gonna be
like well it was only cast Laurie rocks
so it doesn't really count they're not
really foreigners no the foreigners are
already invading all over Westeros that
ship has sailed
keep the army in one place can crush
them so the is a terrible mistake except
that there's a good chance that if
Tyrion goes with the unsullied to take
Casterly Rock he can say as a Lannister
I needed these guys to take my cows
these are all BS are you miss Forrest
power okay you just you wanna you wanna
Aunt Colter it nuke the Mideast you got
the weapons nuke it they jerk no no no
okay so no what I'm saying is once you
okay you want to do a siege fine do a
siege do it with your whole army okay so
and and when you have the whole army
there you have a lot of other options
and they're not gonna mess with your
whole army so you're like okay you go
take the Tully's now you're I want
why did I do that and why it's an even
match that's a stupid idea so no one's a
Mormon and how were the Dornish ever
gonna get into the battle if they
apparently needed they need apparently
they don't have any ships in Dorne keep
the whole army there go to King's
Landing and then you see if you want
used to ki have the unsullied and the
Dothraki do the procedure or whatever
where you're standing outside send the
other guys in but at least you've got
your ships there to protect you've got
the dragons there to protect you so that
you don't get ambushed so it's a great
point like I mean I get that I'm gonna
get mocked for pointing out that one
time never matters in the show and like
like how long is it gonna take for Jon
to get there how did your on to build
his ships in that much time how do they
randomly run into each other in the
middle of frickin ocean but you are
allowed to literally nitpick like your
general mcarthur going on like any like
it's all made up piggy that is the core
of the strategy that's not like well
there's no strategy ever you just get
your big armies roll through she's
trying to rule she wants to read about
lions they want they want a legacy that
isn't what what what Lady olanna said
which was that a man that's just you
come in and there's never any peace she
wants sort of a lasting actual game
alliances I hear you last thing on this
is that I'm not saying burn everyone
when you get to King's Landing I'm
saying keep the army together and then
when you get there okay you've got
you've laid siege to it they're trapped
so if the Tully's or anyone else comes
the the mothership is there you are
prepared for them and so as they are
getting hungry and desperate in King's
Landing
somebody's gonna hand you Cersei anyway
or you send in varus's spiders you think
you don't just you know it's not like
I'm telling you burn the place down I
got you this is they so your point is
they over thought this yeah you play to
mentally disagree that using a foreign
army to circle the capital of the entire
thing could drive people to go at Cersei
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter they
think it matters no but it doesn't
matter if it does because those armies
are are with Cersei to begin with right
now
and they're not enough they're not
enough okay they don't know that so and
if you go to King's Landing those armies
are gonna what coming join the battle
look it's Game of Thrones they're gonna
join the battle no matter what and to me
it look like they'll know they're on the
show like I'm saying that's the context
I mean in this context they're gonna
fight and so this is the idea that well
technically we didn't use unsullied in
the Dothraki to take the capital is not
a winning argument anyway or arguing
that this is a flaw in her thinking
militarily general or are you arguing
that this is a narrative flaw that they
don't do it I mean to me no no that
narrative is fantastic the way that it
played out was wonderful they're happy
I'm arguing with Daenerys yeah I would
have made a better Queen I might still
get your chance the issue I have with it
is he said you know I'm gonna I'm gonna
bring you back a gift or whatever and I
I thought I had a clever idea about what
it is and apparently I've been proven
wrong so okay maybe he's waiting outside
a dragon was that just like them
something like that maybe he's waiting
outside a dragon's tongue waiting for
the fleet to move and he'll attack it
regardless of who it is but he attacked
that ship takes an exact person prisoner
that I don't see how he could have
possibly known that she would be on the
ship or with the Armada that bothers
Hirogen
exactly I guess so yeah right so he
turns out that they've identified goes
to the how could you possibly know that
that and I have no problem asking that
question that works a lot because when
they they know and don't know just
completely conveniently and in this case
it was convenient that he know so he's
bringing back both lady Greyjoy I think
I made that name up that were they call
her
it's our Yara uh uh uh missus they bring
back mrs. Greyjoy sister Greyjoy by the
way I have all their albums they're
great sister bring back sister Greyjoy
and
and mrs. Dorn mrs. Doran and also
coolest daughter of mrs. Dorn the one
that I was like the one that was
flirting with alright they have one they
didn't show her dying I don't fail
theoretically we have three ladies yeah
coming back to sirs and perhaps Theon
following in their way well she was on
that he's holding on to that thing and
like he sons kick it he starts kicking
you never know yeah he's a Greyjoy and
he's pretty aerodynamic down below if
you know what I mean
yeah this relevant characters don't
randomly drown in the middle of the
ocean he'll be back but candy actually
were demons I don't know where's
descending back to reek again yes the
reason is he already did that with Sansa
if you remember didn't that too much to
do it twice like I was he had remember
what I was kidding I mean I said live
he's gonna panic run away and jump in
the sea and then he did but wasn't it a
good call though it was if he had taken
a step towards her there goes her neck
and she's dead now she's alive innate so
I have a point was it was the right call
to make and and and in no other show
would have jumped in the water that's
why we love this show through and so and
look I thought if I remember right and
you guys can look at our first review on
youtube.com slash what the flick show
did I mention that I gift would be the
Miss thorne right but it didn't have to
be he goes after the ships cuz he wants
to knock out their fleet that's already
a gift he's just yeah but the if he gets
his anis that's already a gift it turns
out he got a three-fer and it could it
could have been Tyrion there have been
someone else yeah you're right there's a
sort of specific question but do you
think that Iran's arrival and killing
mrs. Dorn's two daughters do you think
that's gonna kill the moment between
mrs. Doran and lady Greyjoy or you think
like well they put himself right back
yeah it's too bad because it came the
the the attack came right after a great
look from Lady Bunny you know we're so
what am I gonna go
yeah as we watch this live my only
regret is that we can't talk more
because I'm trying we're all trying to
hear right but as soon as I saw the seed
beginning I was like they're gonna come
cuz they're both by and they're least
since that starts to look like her odds
gonna be there any second right don't
kiss him don't you two don't kiss each
other cuz then her on will show up and
ruin it all also misses people they die
I also I mean look it was a great it was
great to see another battle scene I
don't think we've seen a full naval on
naval battle scene so that was cool but
also I thought that it was important
that they finally provide some reason to
fear Euron and think that he's that's
impressive or scary in any way that's
right because what has he done
previously through an old man off a
bridge yeah we saw had the descending
thing he's really fighting he's the
first person on the boat if you want to
make someone scared of a pirate that's
how you don't know notably right we we
we came out of nowhere
we never I if you haven't read the books
you don't even know this guy is this all
of a sudden he comes he kills his
brother and then he's supposedly a real
threat and he says things like you know
when they when they when they get away
from him and leave with the fleas like
well we'll just build both ships and I'm
like how are you gonna build enough
ships well it turns out he's a serious
military leader even though you know and
so I was it was he at one point dead
no no they just thought he was they they
really they haven't gone nearly yeah
he's he exiled after the rebellion they
did they did drown him that's what they
always do right they crown their king
but in the books there's more
information about a lot of the Greyjoy's
several the brothers but for him
specifically he was very different in
the books he had been basically
everywhere he had sailed the places for
years and no one had ever gone to before
he had a ship that with every inch of it
was black including the sails and a crew
of people who were all mutes he had
these weird magic items kind of and so
he was interesting and different on the
show up until tonight he was just some
dude I guess alright so but it was good
that we now know him that he's serious
and to be feared and he's a guy to be
taken seriously in this game yeah I mean
I think we see before the end of this
season he ends up married to Cersei
probably know
certainly how it's going and and and
narrative Lee it's one great because
it's a great battle it's unexpected it
it and and most importantly now the odds
are a little bit more even before it was
kind of uninteresting Cersei had
everything right and and oh I'm so not
sorry sorry Daenerys had everything and
Cersei had like three Shou Shou kingdoms
left on our side and okay well you just
knocked out the Dorn's and the Greyjoy's
or what was left of a great Georgia and
you may have the Greyjoy fleet now
totally do we assume that the fleet is
just gone I don't know a thing well yeah
they are powerful half of those laughs
yeah so so I was I thought there were
signs and I've always looked for these
signs like I'm curious what you guys
think about whether Daenerys like you
think cuz she made a mistake just in the
planning stages following Tyrians advice
in the battle as you just talked about
but also like you know the way she
challenged Varys suggests that does she
not understand Varys is value and I know
you were big on varus's value so yeah
she came around at the right decision
there but then she ends that
conversation with Varys by saying you
know betray me again and I'll burn you
alive right you know like that's a
that's what her lunatic father did right
but she's got to show some Authority
she's gotta maybe okay I'm just saying
there were there are some signs that you
know we keep thinking she's this perfect
Savior she might not be
she might be flawed she has had moments
here again you know Tyrion had
legitimate things where he was like no
not don't don't so what was she doing
there with just duress but yeah there's
reason to fear him I think no that
didn't bother me I mean it bothered me
because there was some percentage chance
that Varys was going to die right then
and there and I love bears he's my
favorite character but as he is prone to
do he talked himself out of it and one
of the reasons why I love which very
well
you know coming in I mean again like we
see a lot of stuff we have the advantage
of seeing a lot of the stuff that the
characters themselves don't see right so
on the face of it she is somebody like
Varys and she as she's going through his
history she has to ask like okay great
you've done all this for me but you were
doing stuff for Robert you were getting
stuff for my dad like what the fuck dude
and his answer is probably the best
answer and she says okay
sure I'll buy that but cross me and
you're burned alive motherfucker yeah
like that's I don't mind that
conversation at all it's a probably
logical conversation especially cuz
she's right he is literally the one who
sent the assassins to kill her
so I think God asked you I'd ask a
couple of questions or burn you alive in
the same I was gonna say save me bail
I'll burn you alive it's the same in the
stream episode you basically but her
email thing for Gary Leah I'll burn you
alive along with bend the knee to John
like like I'm telling you no no that's a
super fair well I think both yeah that's
a day it could be for yeah if she burned
yeah but she's not coming back to share
a kingdom so he's coming back to be on
the iron throne in charge of the Seven
Kingdoms right yeah those guys coming
from up north like yeah his too and she
doesn't know and to your toward the
overall question that because John has
stayed remarkably consistent like if he
were ever to get to the iron throne
where he'd be like I don't really want
it but alright you guys this again is
Obi but he would still want to unite
everybody and he'd have to execute
everybody himself you know and she maybe
is be you know at some point she may
make a break which is the break of great
ruler in this world has to make which is
yet look man I'm I'm gonna be as fair as
I can be but when I have to be unfair
it's gonna be awful for you well and I
think what they needed to do was provide
that potential breaking point like as
long as she had all the advantages it's
easy to be the good Queen so let's so
once it's tough so let's see what you
have now like it you know but and she
got the advice from from Lady Olenna
that's true
that the thing is ruthless so we're
talking about this strategy stuff I
don't know why you guys think that she
has a chance they've got big crossbows
those dragons are going down it's not
like the whole thing is done as a mere
said those things are gonna work radon
drivers like these are this is their big
thing larger crossbows to get the drag
it worked on smoke and then but Amir
pointed out if the Dragons just lie
there and stay perfectly still
you get him while they're sleeping that
big that Daryl could do sir but we know
how TV works one of the Dragons is
getting killed by that thing right so
you've heard of check-offs ballista so
so yeah I was unimpressed - I was hoping
for some magic like a series this series
has mystery blood coming back from the
dead but you hang all the skulls I'm
thinking like oh we're gonna see like
skeleton dragons like undead dragon
skeletons yeah dracolich now but but
that those crossbows lead to white
Walker dragon so you see what I'm saying
that's what makes it interesting so the
crossbows get one of the Dragons
he turns becomes a white Walker and now
we're having fun
yeah so now all the same fun but the
thing I objected closest we're watching
it is when they use the crossbow on the
old skeleton yeah and destroy like one
of the greatest things in the kingdoms
what kind of Taliban are you yeah he's a
disrespectful he's the Grandmaster now
or theoretically or whatever he is
you're the hand of the Queen and so oh
yeah so I'll sit in that opening scene
with the speaking of dragons with like
that map that as we opens with Daenerys
at the we using the you know at the map
there somebody had to like mold those
little dragons like so I just what is
there an order go out like listen we
need a big map we got to lay things out
we need three dragons one slightly
larger than the other two
we need them Thursday get on it yeah yes
that is absolutely what happens but
that's funny erection that so my tiny
point where she now has a dragon pen
dinner
kind of gaudiya it was a little yeah
yeah I'm like that doesn't next next
episode look for it I'm like it's a
little out of place
I am I again I have my note written here
I think Daenerys in some way is gonna
let us down so bad Jamie was back right
not talking to uh I think I think there
was just some good strategizing you know
he's there he's looking away and he's
also gonna lose yeah and he didn't do
anything particularly evil it was just
good stress I got you but like
threatened him really I mean like yes
it's good strategy but but control but I
mean he they they all you know he
sounded like a Steve Bannon you know I
mean like foreigners or come to our
shores and they're not like like I mean
it's you know I mean it it I mean it's
racism it's you know these what's his
alternate this is like whoa but anyway
it's just I hate you know you character
you grow to inexplicably like with Jamie
I mean again we've talked about it every
everything or often that's incredible
rehabilitation of Jamie to that point I
was making last week that somehow we're
like we let Jamie off the hook but but
Cersei is still the definition of evil I
think it's a worthy conversation but I
get it I agree but here he was you know
again rallying us to hate people because
they're different I'm just saying that's
my it's not like he was not noble and
right this was a so what do we want to
see like what what is good Jamie do kill
Cersei kill Cersei but for a long time
yes not you know he has to support her
until then for it to be dramatically
satisfy think there's a good chance that
that that's how sir she dies like I
think there's a solid chance that it's
by Jamie's hand yeah
but it's too early old one yeah oh we
should so I think Aria I think Ari is
gonna kill well she's no bother whether
you could permanently they can't turn
around there's no horse that goes that
maybe y'all come get him
horses are all one way so that's to my
to your overall Salim area back down
south but tier to your overall point
though they did it again miss thorne is
it a really bad guy ish and I you know
killing the kid and all that stuff and I
was rooting for her in that battle I'm
like how did you get me to root for them
in that bad or ladies are door right so
and not killing mrs. Dorn when you have
the opportunity to kill their missus and
is probably say a terrible idea
yeah sandy well no but that's such a
great gift too sir simcha Cersei is
going 200 yeah but I bet you won't like
show we're not like I don't like we're
not I don't think her it's nothing I
think she'll give him give her to the
mountain the way she gave that other
shame no no but she again that would be
the plan and maybe it'll work but I just
don't think we set up oh we we caught
you as a we kidnapping you we're taking
you back because we're gonna give you to
Cersei so she can kill you slowly and
brutally and then Cersei kills her
brutally and slowly like now they've
telegraphed it yeah now something
different no okay let me make you know I
love these predictions in this rare case
I think that's exactly what happens they
bring her to Cersei there's no further
twist and she just murders that well why
did they lure the otter - oh then the
daughter gets it and she gets away mrs.
Doran has to watch mrs. Dorne mrs. Dorne
is a survivor yeah
all right what about so I so I bet oh
yeah so I was gonna say should we talk
about Jon Snow
I think Jon Snow actually will help be
willing to bend the knee I think it was
yeah yeah well you don't go if you're
not gonna bend the knee
she's going but yeah because Daenerys
will say you want the dragon stone you
want all the stuff you gotta bend the
knee and be like alright yeah John's
John doesn't care about that John just
wants everybody to live so he's like
yeah you're gonna get me the dragon
glass and you've got the Dragons and
we're all together when it yeah okay
yeah it's a deal
let's go unless he gets killed in which
case Petyr Baelish is gonna make himself
king of the north right yes so that so
that's the most interesting part of it
right so he says I'm going down south
and little fingers like like that was
like that scanner on the phone and tell
him what yeah that's right it was weird
that they accidentally cut to a shot of
Baelish right then yeah we're tightening
for so I knew he was gonna leave sausage
but that's not a sack yeah and and so
now the biggest risk to the entire
kingdom yet is Littlefinger
assassinating Jon Snow on the way there
I can't wait so final scene in this
whole show is gonna be Varys and Petyr
Baelish physically fighting aggressively
over the chair that's what it's gonna be
or like or worse is that is that Baelish
is that little figures on the throne
embarrasses his hand and this was their
plan talk about this either in the
preview or intro or on the first review
of Littlefinger wins Varys is for order
he would serve Him Paris's worse element
versus for people who serves the
population beerus gave of bernie sanders
speech here right so Harris Sanders
Sanders 2020 versus 79 percent a hundred
nine but but they stand for two
different ways of ruling so that to me
this yeah there are two different ideas
yeah right the it was just I wants to
burn it all down so look yeah now that
Baelish yeah helped a brother out in
battle of the bastards and he doesn't
like he will never be better than this
right so he's done his only good deed
this is the time to murder it wasn't it
was it was all it's part of the strategy
right yeah of course of course
but it wound up helping you if Jon Snow
was appropriately ruthless he'd be like
a little finger excuse me sorry he's
like oh that's such a good point about
how you wanted to have sex with my
stepmom and and my sister that wasn't
creepy at all the ocean that somebody
could come up to me and be like I loved
your wife and I loved your daughter just
as I loved your wife geez I don't think
so hated you I loved her and I loved
your system like yeah but I mean that
idea that like yeah I'm gonna get the
mom and the daughter like right so you
got my child right so yeah well I think
what he was trying to do there it's not
clear in that episode is that he was
trying to attack maybe so when John gets
him by the throat and put didn't Ned do
that to him like first season I think I
did the same thing he was choking but
this to end well for that if you start
choking little finger finishing yeah
finishes you killed him at any given
time if you wanted to you could kill him
I wrote a he should kill little finger
right now yeah yeah see you son so okay
she will I don't think she'll do it
narrative Lee etc but if Sansa is now
ruthless which is what we know think she
you know that's what she said
just here take a gun kill him I kind of
like dr. evil son well it was right
there and Jon Snow his left right she
rules the north she can beg all of it I
just want to catch a guy okay power is
power but that doesn't work though right
because if Littlefinger gets killed all
of his forces from the Eyrie disappear
what they no no no you play hard you he
was in charge you go to his number three
not to his number two you go to his
number three you make a deal and then
you kill him in the number two at the
same time when Rob killed the Karstarks
he lost half his army
mm-hmm-hmm that's true it's possible
start killing your banner in just
because they're skeevy but I wouldn't do
it in public right hide little finger
little finger but anyway they're not
going to lose following little thing I
mean in a sense his brilliance is that I
can't imagine one soldier anywhere being
like hey man wherever you say that's
where I am
yeah boss you know well there is a very
rigid hierarchy
the house is in charge of the veil you
got it but then you should respect that
very retiring you don't like them and
Daenerys yeah
in Daenerys is plain the thing is with
the constraints that we have now that's
possible with the seasons being shorter
and travel being faster they don't
travel for a whole season anymore I
think that we can assume that whatever
is gonna happen up there with
Littlefinger might well happen next
episode might result in you betcha
travel which is John's gotta go to drag
I mean how far away is that it's like
it's halfway across the entire continent
right so he's got to get all the way
down there but he'll get down there and
have a meeting he will and Arya will end
up at Winterfell
in the next episode and so that but then
they've got a mind with what army I
guess they'll get the Dothraki or
somebody there to mind that so he's got
a concise I got it but then like but
then meanwhile like you're on just
captured them like what like how like it
seems like getting enough dragonglass
to fight the walkers minimum a here away
what Ben is looking for it's just like
little things you know have time
sometimes they put the date like March
2017 right the next place October 2018
you want to see some of like the pages
of the calendar fall over quickly to be
clear you don't have a problem with the
flying fire-breathing track no with the
White Walkers raising zombies but you're
worried about the physics of the time
involved they're breaking their some of
their own rules if they they gave me a
universe where dragons fly okay right I
got it
the votes are fast the my father boats
are really the smartest guy in the
planet could not watch television he
didn't know how it worked
he didn't understand jumping for like
you'd see an establishing shot of a
building and then you know that said
like FBI headquarters and then they'd
cut to two guys talking in an office
four of us know okay they're at FBI
headquarters like that would be like
well where are these guys FBI
headquarters how do we know they just
showed us FBI headquarters so we were
watching a band of brothers and and they
were training before they went over like
Episode two and it was it said you know
joins Carolina March 1943 right and
other guys walking around in Nazi
uniforms because it's training right
basically where are they how are there
Nazis they're like it said North
Carolina 1943 yeah I know I read that
then this is where it is I could use
that idea with rose yeah you could use a
little yeah sometimes I like to think of
my father watching Game of Thrones oh so
I had one other Jon Snow point to me but
can I make a quick Frank bank with a
point to events that he actually did
fight the Nazis and they weren't in
North Carolina they were not and and
because he fuck oh when I said when I
asked him so how was it fighting the
Nazis he said really basically really
confusing you didn't know where you were
he's like he told me a story once he's
running in the woods the Nazis are
behind him and he's firing like myths
for different years yeah those are just
establishing shots so so Ari ago we
debated you guys last week thought aria
was you know fully I don't remember what
I said but we thought she knew right he
got she knew and so she thought she was
pot committed to going to Cersei but it
turns out all she had to hear was the
brother she loved was alive and that I
guess she could go home there was a home
for yeah right and so she uh she took
that choice and she and she went north
and and either did or didn't find his
dog her dog and then a really
interesting line that we debated live
she said
it's not you tuned Ameria which by the
way totally cures gout I think the
merrier
so uh the so she says it's not you and
the question is did that mean it's not
you like that's a different diet wolf
what did it mean it's not what we look
like
that's not you you don't walk away from
me or it's not you it's me
there's another one I'm different like
uh it's not you I'm different so you
didn't maybe you don't recognize me I
get that yeah that's that's what I said
during the episode yeah yeah no I would
just throw out the possibility that if
some starts can theoretically warg into
dire wolves
what if it was someone else in the
direwolf inference she says it's not you
it was someone else in the know yeah but
though you're thinking that it might be
brand in the dire or someone else no
that's just just saying that's not it
it's not an American driving well it
happens in this world it happened no
it's because we see bran that if it was
if it was someone hostile that had ward
or Mordor whatever
another faithful then why did they go
away why I'm not saying it was brand why
wasn't it more friendly so know if she
was saying and and it's not you if if it
really wasn't new Mariya why did
wouldn't it kill him why kill ser her
right so it was I think the only logical
explanation is it's not you it's me
I'm different but thank you for at least
not killing me god bless and all that
but we all think they're coming back
though well we don't know Ameria did
have that they did the nice the nice
facial change we saw the softening the
dog was like I know I like you
definitely not eating you before right
yeah and and so yeah we were wrong we
thought that she knew that John was
around and was like no I'm laser focus
and and I would have guessed even if I
thought she knew that John Snow was
alive she still was she still would have
gotten to Cersei and she didn't and so
in case you missed it
there's the wolf the wolf though
the road diverges in the woods she took
the path least traveled no jihad for
some magically notably Valley like know
which way is which and the way she way
was there was that that was where I was
the hot pie returned there many times no
sir I know but how did you know which
way was north well I didn't say which
way was north no no I just I knew that
that is the spot where you can go to the
north or you can't go to Kingsley there
was a party that was leaving and they
were going towards okay I was giving you
too much but you knew what that place is
called it shows up a lot more of the
books I might have actually said the
wrong name but that is the place they've
been there maybe or is like a hotel
restaurant combo thing kind of yeah an
eisley called
yes okay so which is by the way last
thing on that scene is it's a bit of a
shame because we really could have used
her killing seriously by the way if they
were doing my idea of the siege and cake
keeping the army together Arya comes
along yeah look at the happy perfect
Xander and kill Cersei and we're done
with it well we're not we've just
delayed are you getting working your way
to Kate yeah she's no my point is that
there would have been a hundred ways to
kill Cersei if you're doing the siege
and it turns out one of them would have
been art right she's not gonna get to
they don't know that I and she's not
gonna get to Winterfell in like a make
up my room and just hang out there and
like woo
you know she's especially another doing
yeah any chance they run into each other
on the road well we don't know it did he
say that he did he did but no but he
said I'm going on the road then taking a
boat he was very clear about that face
side of Jack I know it's unlikely yeah
it's very yet he sprung he's gonna shut
it there's the moment I was there's
always one moment in every recap that
makes you laugh
based on the geography that I know
that's that's not what he's going to do
yeah oh I know mining I know it takes
more than a month sure you get drag less
that time shoddy dragging last
all right what else we got I was so hot
pirate who cares about really fast I
like the number kids around the butter
around the motor and she had a great
joke I didn't do that was a lovely scene
that was I bet yeah yeah I just like
little scenes like this is it gonna
remind you that young people are just
living their lives again that's right oh
and thank you for reminding me because
so I you know I invented VIMS for Game
of Thrones when I realize why it was
like the greatest show of all time one
last time we'll go through violence
intrigue mystery sex and in this one we
hit them all including eunuch sex never
before seen in any show and really not
still seeing yeah all right but there's
it's missing an L because this also has
lines great lines Game of Thrones and
and I now realize the only thing I like
more than intrigue is great lines yeah
so levins I don't know vince'll vales
films maybe F films for films well we're
onto something anyway so that was a
great line she had about the pie yeah oh
you cook pies a good one or two that was
of course with the gray brothers that
she had cooked in the pie in the pond
and and then there was
Daenerys had a couple of great lines
including you've come on an auspicious
day when we're pardoning people who used
to serve other Kings right it's good
that was a great line and then and then
Varys had a wonderful you know saving
couple of lines for himself and there
was one over two other ones that were
fantastic in that one scene I'm gonna go
back home and rewatch that scene just
for the line so the you were bothered by
this chanc so and I am too so that the
grand maesters like they're so arrogant
and sure of themselves yes and they're
supposed to be the smart scientist you
just think that like there would be some
moments of instead of yeah well only two
people ever tried that you don't happen
that guy died of greyscale like maybe
you'd be like you know it's only been
tried twice they both try
dye to drink grayscale but it's been
some time let's do it you know even
needed let's do it yeah just so here's
the thing that bothers me they're
supposed to be the educated the
scientist the professor whatever you
want to call them and they have such a
rigid hierarchy and a and they're not
recognizing the value of samwell tarly
in a way that is deeply frustrating for
people were supposed to be the smartest
people that's my cancer yes so cuz
here's a guy who's seen white walkers
are you shitting me like oh we're gonna
train you as like a little fucking
intern who gives a shit about you go
clean my pond okay okay look I'm gonna
have you clean pots later edge what
that's just how it goes okay but
meanwhile tell me what the fucking White
Walkers write and let me take you
seriously
you killed it will you see White Walkers
you've killed a white Walker you've done
you've I mean you've done so many things
this guy's a gold mine I'd write a book
about him and then have him clean the
pots so their constant dismissal of them
is maddening weird it's weird and it's
and it's stupid which is supposed to be
the opposite of thing but just read well
I would say I mean this is partly it's a
fantasy thing like look Harry Potter how
much did he do he still had to go to
class right like the idea of keeping
people down but but also partially I
think while they are sort of the science
and Westeros Westeros has stayed for
thousands and thousands of years with
almost no scientific progress I think
part of it is that the sciences have
their in place that's true
but they also like they are directly
serving Lords in their households like
they we made a joke in the life thing
about them being a part of the
establishment and they do like they kind
of like the way things are they rely on
them for funding and stuff like that
they don't push boundaries I don't think
we're supposed to be totally behind them
they're not it doesn't really feel like
they're incentivized to experiment and
discover so much is just like research
and confront and and they write things
down and write things down and there's
much historians as yes and they might be
more historians than anything else right
and it's it's so it's that thing like
they see themselves as the repository of
knowledge and that's at least certainly
the way it comes off rather than
discovering anything new
and so in the last episode where the
archmaester is like did they want
lockers before the walls still stay it's
always the end of the world my one great
points which is that like and that's why
he was talking about some guy was a
great writer but didn't know anything
the other guy knew something was a
terrible writer so that's really forcing
this story and Samuel says like how
about something a bit more bit more
poetic he's like we're not poets yeah
and so the librarians nothing against
librarians but their library yeah and I
think the even better point you guys
remaining is it the I guess they're
supposed to be neutral right and and so
they're certainly not supposed to pick
sides they go make sure all the houses
watch one guy who got high up in the
ranks that started experimenting and
started learning it learn a new shit
make use divider that's right oh we
can't have any of that yes yeah they
kick to the wall
that's the girl right that's time ahead
of the queen for Cersei so it's so
neutrality breeds establishment thinking
and and they're invested and don't rock
the boat it's so there it is an analogy
between them on our mainstream media of
you right right before the end of the
season Sam will get kicked out a little
bit he hasn't like saving Jorah is not
worth his trip he needs something else
and he found out about the dragonglass
maybe that's a do you think so that's
definitely not actually yes the only
reason he needs to be down there they're
going to he'll either get greyscale no
you can't give a heavy guy greyscale
what else do we need from Sam I mean I
hate to be ruthless that way but like
narrative Leon story for forward he
served his purpose alright so he could
also cure Jorah have then get greyscale
himself
okay I think I'm gonna go back to De
Niro he could cure himself wait wait I
forgot so let me make sure that I might
not epiphany but my recognition of this
is correct
so the guy that Jaime Lannister is
talking to this so important is
samwell's death yeah
right he's supposed to be one of the
greatest military tactician 'he's right
I'd forgotten that to thank God Jamie
used the name Tarly like 30 times in the
generalization so John I thought he was
saying Tully I'm like I don't get it
that's why that's why he was in the
previously make it so I like that but
the point about the maesters in the
being the establishment like wasn't that
guy writing a book right yeah and the
book was like about the battles of
Robert Baratheon I mean December I was
thinking like the establishment press
like that they're gonna write in this
book about the great battles or our
Ratheon but the truth is beerus said the
truth about Robert wasn't really
interested in the job great like to eat
and drink like women like war is a good
night all right if that goes in the book
if but knowing there was a bitch is
hello know just great fighter hear the
great battles won by Robert here like
yeah recording history writing it down
here here done yeah they wanna they want
to report what happened they don't want
to make anything happen
yeah so so on back to my last thing on
him is that the reason I brought his dad
is that might be one last thing that
needs to get done
so maybe Samwell has a sword his dad
wants that sword back and his dad's a
player he's a player there's got to be
some probably some resolution to that
grayscales kind of like a weak way for a
character that is now this important to
go out so so I think it probably comes
back to his dad somehow I think there's
some chance of Jorah wield to that sword
maybe and he's a great warrior now yes
drew wields what sort hearts pain the
Valyrian steel sword that Sam's father
owned wields it against whoever against
the White Walkers can kill what and they
did um they had one other great shot it
wasn't a line but a great shine we sort
of called it when he was picking those
scabs off they dissolved into a shot of
someone eating pie yeah I see in all its
lurid glory those scabs come off but
don't you guys going on with with it's a
complaint cuz Game of Thrones has so
many terrible like visuals like terrible
isn't like
yeah but that was one of the worst it is
weird they show that they don't show us
great over between 16 I think 16.1
million people watch the show live on
HBO last week which is amazing for an
HBO show yeah and somebody told me that
there were 90 million tour torrents Wow
Wow that's crazy
so that's wrong pay for the show pay the
artists but you know seriously pay for
HBO look at what they're giving us come
on so um but we live in this crazy world
where like the sex we you know whatever
she's topless I mean I don't care about
any of that stuff he should be inform
and I it doesn't but like the sex has to
be timid but we can see violence we saw
guys getting their heads cut off we saw
two women one woman choked to death
another woman basically eviscerated
right yeah is that a reason there was I
think so yeah so like we don't care who
cares but like but we can't show a guy's
a penis that has been mangled or you
know that he was so it just it's it's
weird
oh it's been weird for 60 years it's
still weird that we that it is there
that we got a really warped sense of
judgment you I mean that we've decided
hey an 8 year old can sit and watch a
guy get his head cut off but God forbid
enos a man and woman who love each other
to death right I mean you were deeply
care about each other having a tender
moment of connection we're like no ever
we can't have we get nothing you know so
yeah that's a great point and I actually
think that it's at the heart of American
culture because America was protonic oh
that's how we started and incredibly
violent I mean we took the continent by
complete and savage violence so it's not
that surprising that however many years
later we would have a media and a
culture that glorifies violence and and
and frowns upon sex you and you know and
like and and Trump's will decide but
Trump's message when he crowned the when
he Whitney christened the aircraft
crowd when he christened the aircraft
carrier this week known as ooh did you
see any of that did you tweet but no it
was like you know he just reference dose
it's about the unmistakable of American
power and a message to the world
yeah like you know it's a glorification
and then he asked the 22,000 soldiers to
call their members of Congress and vote
against health care to go call the
soldiers there to vote against health
care for 22 million Americans was great
oh did he really do that yeah oh it's
Joffrey at 70 yeah here's what I would
when I would have christened it and then
said may we never use this but if we do
we will burn our enemies to the ground
all right what else do we what else do
we have here so I bet there's no way
obviously that works cuz Richard is good
I mean here he was writing a note to the
Khaleesi he was about to kill himself it
was about to kill himself but I mean
that means there of course it works
there they need to see each other yeah
that's definitely yeah right now you get
really pissed because she's gonna marry
Jon Snow
oh yeah yeah I mean he's gonna marry Jon
Snow and Jorah will be fuckin angry okay
one line that we we are just gonna see
miss it is the the busy told if go get a
cure come back Divya so when when to
serve me though not to he's let me know
so she's not gonna marry him or whatever
is no way that they're gonna have
greyscale penis under the Queen yeah you
can't show that in American TV
okay sorry but it's true so really fast
when Jon Snow was talking with his
people up in the north I think that it's
it's not just for this one episode that
that big guy from the veil says you
can't trust a Targaryen John is it's
hard Aryan that they will eventually
figure that out and that might that
might be a problem no no I don't think
it does either but bran is getting
closer and closer like you just hit the
wall he's like a week away from
Winterfell at this point yeah solutely
weeks a couple more in there that's
taking a long time that's a brand
only thing the whole show should be like
that just a long floor Jewish a journey
from place to place
that's the road Viggo Mortenson
so a couple of more inappropriate
comments about the Miss Sunday seen
Driving Miss Sunday anyway she said the
last three Fast and Furious movies Oh is
she okay yep six seven eight the two
best asses in a sex scene in a long time
so I'm not being sexist both of them
wonderful nicely done
so we were all wondering of course is it
just the testes that he's lost or also
that every 16 but say 16 million people
we're asking that question and they
don't they don't tell you yes exactly
the Google tracker for the eunuch how
often that's been used and today it's
spiked
oh yeah there's no yes we're watching it
I said I want to see the outtake where
she says oh my god how long was it
before they cut it okay I think they cut
off everything I mean that's what they
did to Varys that's why they did the
great add to Theon Greyjoy or that's
what the Ramsay Bolton did but they
didn't necessarily Linux my
understanding is normally you just cut
off the testicles because you still need
the penis to py understanding it
American history I'm just going by the
very I am Turkish and then they had
uniques in the air oh they did yeah I've
never been to they don't exist anymore
anyway so but it was a nice touch I
guess that did so you're wondering what
are they gonna do and then he goes
downstairs it makes a lot of sense yeah
so I'm curious whether there'll be any
you know there are a lot of black
characters on Game of Thrones right yeah
like it's a little yeah I don't know if
it's unfortunate is the right word that
they had the two black characters who
fall in love with each other it's kind
of ungainly saying and they're the one
and like that I just you know and then
then she was naked on and she's
that's the the sex was them like I'm
curious no but your point I looked it up
according to Wikipedia yeah eunuch
typically has been castrated yeah it
still has a penis no tip in typical use
if you've been castrated can you still
the sex still in the cards even if don't
think I know not I don't know definitely
not that was why the eunuchs guarded the
harems right cuz they wouldn't be
interested that's right but he right
well we don't know if he's interested in
sexy well yeah he just wants intimacy
yeah well and remember back when they
were in marine some of the unsullied
would get the women and just like lie in
bed with them or something like that and
I we saw one get assassinated that's
right that's right yeah all right what
else we got any but you could be any
person without explained before the next
episode
oh and Melisandre so she's uh and I like
that because it was an anti game it was
an anti Three's Company conversation
like she said exactly what was happening
she didn't mislead she didn't there was
no obfuscation or confusion she was like
no yeah Stannis that was wrong
Jon Snow he's the right one you know Jon
Tyrion and you know and they were they
had that they have that great Outsiders
outcasts conversation which he recalled
to her he told the truth about Jon Snow
Melisandre told the truth about Jon Snow
and she was like I really think you guys
should get together yeah you know I mean
we're told the truth about the she said
the prince that was promised and Miss
Andy says that's right yeah no yeah
that's a that's not exactly what that
means which is a big one because that's
a prophecy that's had a lot of pull
yeah and it's led to a lot of theorizing
on the web about Oh who's the prince
that was promised and maybe it is maybe
it is a princess yes so there's a couple
things that I like in there first of all
overall for this whole episode thanks
God
finally there clarified means finally
people find out for the about the
dragons for the first time
and then they make them seriously like
wait a minute right sir Davos like
dragons yeah fuck get those over here we
need those right yes yeah novice like we
got dragons yeah I guess they got fire
right no Birds White Walkers right let's
go get it so finally the conversation
we've been looking forward to for like
two seasons where they're like proper
respect to the Dragons because otherwise
is I'm not like like they don't need to
kiss the ring or anything like I'm just
looking for like get real dragons are
nuclear weapons you can't ignore them so
when they find out about a Milich oh
they got yeah call it John if he gets to
Daenerys John has to get to Daenerys
she's not getting killed on the road
it'll be the prom and so when John gets
the nearest you imagine and an tyrion
and varys and tells them about the
walkers that they'll be like oh alright
this is more important this is not
necessary more important but what will
tyrion and varys will take him seriously
I don't know whether she will or not
about less serious that she will but we
know we know Circe you won't yes we know
sure she won't care and that will
ultimately that may be here on doing
more than oh that might be her advantage
yeah because while they are doing the
right thing to go fight the White
Walkers she's like oh great from the
backstab all of you so it was but then
if that's the case it would be a very
temporary advantage although you know I
know but that's all she ever does hold
on you know what makes everybody insane
what if Daenerys doesn't take it
seriously and Cersei does well yeah very
surprising Stannis was the one who's
like yeah okay we need to go up north
that's because Stannis in all of his
like being a terrible terrible person
who burned his daughter alive had honor
and so his view of Honor is we go do the
right thing we go fight the White
Walkers because there are dangers of the
whole kings right stupid conversations
because we didn't actually see Stannis
die about whether Stannis he's that yeah
he's dead or is he uh maybe weak he's a
White Walkers too white well they
chopped his head off so by zombie we
don't know that chapters that I've known
actually we never saw it I know my my
position on that all along was he's dead
let's know what
yeah listen George Romero has left us
the rules about zombies are completely
out the weather right so to your point
about the Melisandre I like this she was
super straightforward it actually
clarified a bunch of things in that
conversation to finally there
everybody's like hey remember Jon Snow's
live dragons were alive and then now
it's like in order to convince Daenerys
you just go to I used to be poor that
was a slaver I was bored okay you come
along I was a slave that's yeah that's
her soft spot
I was this life yeah so she it's
actually not very Sanders it's Daenerys
Sanders before
I'm but I want to fix income inequality
come on alright good stuff right yeah so
as people were getting annoyed at me
particularly for politicizing Game of
Thrones in the first episode I made too
many Trump represents a Sanders and
Trump will all add to that alright so
next week Rubio who's here I'm here I
will not be here i I'm a politican
politico.com slash tyt right well I
shall here I'll whop oh yeah and by the
way you can watch me a ben shapiro
debate and then watch Game of Thrones
review right afterwards another looks
like your name might be better enjoy my
minutes I will be debating about its
landlord I get to be they told me I
could pick any Ben Shapiro I want I
don't know my guys pretty cool yeah a
Nana debating a culture and a debating
Ann Coulter yes isn't there one other
one Hoss debating charlie Kirk so these
kids 24 years old this so he's a
conservative he's 24 years old and his
organization has 1200 chapters I just
found out across the country in all
these colleges man if you're a right
winger this is getting too political but
anyway so billionaires will just give
you millions of dollars so how the hell
did he get 1200 chapters this okay
anyway political concepts MIT and most
importantly all the reviews are at
youtube.com slash what the flicks show
all the movie
reviews and TV reviews as well outside
of Game of Thrones so check that out and
we'll see you guys next week
