a judge in White County Tennessee has
offered inmates who have been addicted
to drugs and were found guilty of
possession of drugs an offer to shave
off 30 days of their sentence if they
agree to get a vasectomy or other
procedures that would prevent them from
having children now male inmates can get
a vasectomy on the state's dime by the
way and women can get something known as
a Nexplanon implant sorry I've never
heard of that before but it's an implant
that essentially prevents women from
getting pregnant for up to three years
since the program began in May
thirty-two women and 38 men have signed
up next a planning lasts up to three
years doctors can now reverse
vasectomies but it can be a costly
procedure that doesn't guarantee success
so the judge Sam benningfield
you know gave some justifications for
why this offer stands he sees it as a
solution beneficial to everyone involved
he was quoted as saying I hope to
encourage them to take personal
responsibility and give them a chance
when they do get out to not be burdened
with children I understand it won't be
entirely successful but if you reach two
or three people maybe that's two or
three kids not being born under the
influence of drugs now keep in mind you
know the heroin epidemic is hitting
states like Tennessee very hard and so
they're trying to come up with creative
solutions for it but I'm not sure this
is it no I won't the only thing I won't
do here is I won't presume the awfulness
of the judge like maybe like he's like
may be frustrated with seeing kids born
to drug-addicted parents and the and the
problems that that kid inevitably has if
they even survive and so it may be
genuine it's almost certainly illegal
and you know inmates are not in a
position to make you know the the
coercion is implicit in the offer sure
right there inmates so and that's what
the ACLU says and so although they they
were there that I expected even a
stronger statement from the ACLU so yeah
their statement was pretty strong I mean
they touched on you know the
you know constitutionality or you know
lack of constitutionality over this type
of measure they talked about how you
know there is an element of coercion
because if you're an look consent is
there's a power imbalance here right and
if there's a power imbalance an inmate
can't really consent to something like
this and keep in mind like yeah this
ectomy can be reversible but that's not
guaranteed to you notice and it's
expensive and so we're talking about
people who have been convicted of a
felony and are currently imprisoned as a
result of that it's gonna be hard for
them to get jobs once they get out and
so if you make the argument though yeah
whatever though you just reverse it they
probably won't have the resources to do
that and I actually look I don't know if
the judge is a good person or a bad
person so I don't want to judge that
either but one thing that I do want to
say is that someone who's been addicted
to drugs right you are sending a message
to them that they are tarnished that
they are unable to ever have kids and be
responsible parents and that I don't
think that's the right way to handle it
I think that drug addiction is a serious
problem and people need to get
rehabilitated and and they need help but
to send a message of you wouldn't be a
good parent so let's let's take some
precautions to ensure that you're not
gonna you know procreate they can
re-educate or educate for narcotic abuse
and opioid abuse within during the time
of the incarceration that's one thing
but yeah this is a this is a this sort
of seems like a non-starter legally and
practically we can't have judges sterile
sterilizing or offering sterilized
people it's okay so we have a very dark
wrestler with us by the way California
especially that said like people in that
line of work that you know he deals with
this and like it's easy for us to like
be flippin about it you know we don't
experience kids born with opioid
withdrawal and the brutality of that so
I am I'm sympathetic to the people who
are more on the frontlines of that and
are trying to think of creative ways
though we're all against this way yeah
and they look at it as a cycle and it is
cycle and so so yeah I mean to bend this
point um I suppose when you when you're
in that room and going hey man amount of
ideas rain this is what I've got that's
to put the best face on it and of course
Susannah says with the history in this
country of sterilizing prisoners
that's the worst no that's weak it's a
it's a no but yeah but I'm sympathetic
to the desire to do something oh okay I
am also sympathetic but I just also want
to add that I always find it interesting
that the most powerful people in the
country always want to utilize a
band-aid for like a gushing wound right
and so I get that they want to find
solutions for the symptoms of a pretty
big problem in the country but how about
you figure out what's causing this issue
and and actually combat that there's a
reason why we have an opioid epidemic
people don't wake up one day and you
know they're clean everything's fine
then they just decide oh you know what
I'm gonna go ahead and shoot up heroin
no that happened the reason why we're
seeing this heroin epidemic and this
opioid epidemic is because
pharmaceutical companies have been
pushing these painkillers very
aggressively for a very long time and so
are we having discussions about what
we're gonna do to reel them in we don't
talk about that ever that's so true but
to the judges just to speak for the
judge he's sort of an end-user right so
he gets this whole system after the
cultural assembly line has already
turned out this person who's addicted to
opioids so of course you're right you've
got to dissemble things earlier down the
line but he gets it way down the line
and he's going what do I do I've got all
these people in there just come off this
assembly line and really the only ones
that can do something about this are
lawmakers and our lawmakers you know
they're just exploiting this issue for
political capital right now they're not
doing it you know because they genuinely
care about it and that's another
frustrating component of all this well
some we've seen something there are
definitely some lawmakers who were fully
vested particularly at Ohio at least I
mean that I know of in Ohio I'm sure
other places too that want to do
something about it whether you know look
it cost money and we don't like to spend
money on these are generally poor people
right we don't general that's not what
we do I got it this is changing so yeah
I mean it's a you know there was a note
there was an opioid epidemic before
pharmaceutical companies and doctors
started over prescribing stuff that
people get addicted to it was called a
heroin and we were just we were a little
more comfortable thinking that that's
not happening here that's happening away
from us that's happening over there and
a part of the world that we don't you
know those are those are junkies and
jazz musicians you know we don't need to
worry about it
ya know your heroine in the jazz world
really yes they actually is but that was
I didn't know that yeah a whole lot bird
thing that's right yeah every that was a
big yeah so uh but that was you know I
guess that's a different old school
that's a different that's a different
old school so and also I real quick
I wonder what these you know pro-life
organizations think about all this like
I don't see a lot of yeah right that's
yeah that's I mean all right also
depends on how what you know depending
on how pro life you are yeah life post
pregnancy are you or do you count that
as would you count that as an abortion
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network comm
/join
