the Minneapolis Police Chief has stepped
down from her position
this is police chief janae heart - and
this is in response to the shooting of
an Australian woman who called the
authorities to report a possible sexual
assault in the alleyway near her home
now this story broke last weekend and
again there are very few details about
why this shooting took place but when
the woman approached the police car she
was shot by the cops sitting in the
passenger side and keep in mind that she
was talking to the cop on the driver's
side so he shot past the the driver and
unfortunately shot and killed the woman
who had called them for help and so it's
it's a unique case considering the fact
that the police chief has decided to
step down but apparently Minneapolis
mayor Betsy Hodges had asked her to do
so and she agreed here is a comment from
the police chief a statement that she
released the recent incidents do not
reflect the training and procedures
we've developed as a department despite
the Minneapolis Police Department's many
accomplishments under my leadership over
these years and my love for the city I
have to put the communities we serve
first I've decided I am willing to step
aside and let a fresh set of leadership
leadership eyes see what more can be
done for the Minneapolis Police
Department to be the very best it can be
yeah so the body in a body can't the
dashboard cam didn't work none of the
body cams worked they weren't on or they
didn't work or something but we don't
have them we almost don't need them for
this one right yeah well to connect
these dots I mean my god it's many
depends I think you're talking about
you're talking about a jury or you're
talking about like the DA because or the
public because the the again the cops
defense will be it was dark I felt
threatened she came to the car they'll
say quickly and if you can convince one
person on a jury that you felt
threatened you're gonna get off I'm
sorry yeah yeah that's a great question
I meant you I meant for the truth of
this situation this is this is
unconscionable and to the point that a
police chief leaves in shame I mean
that's really what's going on here that
never happens
yeah well that never happened let's just
keep that okay are you wanna know why
that might be happening because I was
killed
that's what others no matter what when
the person who even if this we could say
that there would be outrage among some
and justified outrage no matter what in
a case where the person who made the
call to the police and was unarmed was
killed by the police
hard to spend that in a hard to spend
that in a positive way but that you know
we talked about this when the when the
verdict came back earlier in Minneapolis
right the the the shooting the last
shooting in Minneapolis where the
verdict came back help me out o falando
Castillo here when the falando Castillo
verdict came back and it was despite at
the aftermath of the shooting and really
very little disagreement on the facts of
the case but he reached for something
granted he was told to reach for
something right but all the cop had to
say was essentially I felt threatened
right right so I think may we may well
get a conviction here but in general and
tell the law has changed until you have
to do better than feeling threatened
we're still gonna get a lot of
acquittals and I'm glad of choices not
to prosecute because the standard is so
low for a cop to feel threatened and I'm
sure this cop felt threatened at the
time the question should be for all of
us as a society okay you felt threatened
that's not enough so the that defense is
already in play yeah if I were his
lawyer that's the defense I would do
right the defense you have to use that
he was it was dark and it was 11:30 at
night and that she approached and he
didn't expect it and he felt startled
well they have been the ambush of the
officer in New York and they thought the
hills
I thought it might get ambushed and and
you're gonna have a tough time finding
12 jurors who were gonna disbelieve that
in this case the racial circumstances
work against the cop well as the victim
was white and the cop was a Somali
immigrant because our society's already
taught us who you're afraid of that's
why we talked we did Michele Bachmann
yesterday right Michele Bachmann said
that seven to ten dogless is about how
scary the hijab wearing mayor the the
permit of action higher there's dogless
you used and those are scary people yeah
the 40 year old western australian she
called her Western woman Australian
woman yeah all those are someone who
you're not afraid of so Michele Bachmann
did not support the police here no no
she didn't and that's the reason why we
talk about it she said and she also just
straight-up speculated that he shot her
because she was in her pajamas and he
was having a cultural seizure yeah it
was worse than not supporting the police
it was as they were the loudest dog
whistles I'd never heard no public
official yeah like she's a cultural
seizure he has made a thing up yeah
important well anyway so yes the police
chief has stepped down and you know this
case is being taken seriously as it
should but every case involving an
unarmed person being shot and killed
should be taken seriously qit membership
gets your commercial-free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
