in 1987 a medical device called the bear
hugger was invented and brought to
market this device is used to keep
patient body temperatures from following
the dangerous levels during and after
surgery the bear hugger was manufactured
by Arizona healthcare later that company
was bought out and became a division of
the 3m corporation the device itself is
called a forced air warming device this
use uses a portable blower in order to
surround the patient with warm air while
that patient is draped in a disposable
blanket since the product entered the
market it's generated more than 31
billion dollars in sales making it a
highly lucrative medical device to the
3m corporation an estimates show that
more than 200 million patients have used
this device ever since but the bear
hugger blankets have a serious design
flaw that 3m was well aware of for at
least the last seven years the warm
moist air that the blanket circulates
around is the perfect breeding ground
for potentially life-threatening
bacteria and some patients that use the
bear hugger devices develop extremely
serious deep joint bacterial infections
as a result in some cases the infections
were so bad so severe that the patient's
actually died in at least 14 lawsuits
filed against 3m in Arizona in federal
courts across the country surgery
patients allege that introduction of
warm air disrupts normal air flow in an
opening in an operating room
they say this allowed bacteria to
circulate in inter incisions causing
infections which require additional
medical procedures including premature
replacement of the prosthetic devices
and complete amputations the suits
alleged that 3m in Arizona had been
aware of the risk posed by the device
since at least 2009 and still actively
marketed as safe
more than 50,000 units are currently in
use in America and as usual instead of
doing the responsible thing by pulling
the product off the market at least the
very least warning doctors and hospitals
about the potential dangers the
company's decided to ignore scientific
data and push their product on the
hospital's
on top of that 3m launched a PR campaign
aimed at discrediting all the reports
that are coming out saying that their
product is dangerous part of their
campaign involved launching a website
called truth about bear hugger calm
where they tell readers that all of the
evidence is showing their device has
just been made up it just is not true
the truth is 3m doesn't want to give up
any of the market to their competitors
who are putting out much safer product
3m will stop at nothing to convince
people that their device is perfectly
safe the fact that the company is facing
more than 1,000 lawsuits all over the
country says otherwise
