Oh J Simpson was up for parole and today
was the day that he had his parole
hearing and so the news today is that he
not only had his hearing but the board
has voted unanimously to grant him
parole and as a result he could be
released as early as the beginning of
October of this year now I want to show
you video of his parole hearing and you
know some of his you know justifications
for what happened or what he did and how
he reacted but understand that he is not
in prison right now because of the
Nicole Kidman case your Koehler Simpson
I'm sorry
called Brown Simpson or the Nicole
Kidman case that is also a separate case
Nicole Kidman is not involved in this in
any way shape or form I don't know why I
have her on my mind even though justice
should have its eyes wide shut anyway so
the reason why he's in prison is because
he was convicted of armed robbery and
that happened in Las Vegas eight years
ago all right that's the context let's
take a look at video from his parole
hearing mr. Simpson before I cast my
vote I want to let you know that we
believe that were fair board we believe
that we're a consistent board I will let
you know that that consistency also goes
to parole and we do not look kindly upon
parole violations and if I cast my vote
to grant in that and it concludes the
hearing our expectation would be that
you not violate even the simplest
condition of parole having said that
I am prepared to cast a vote I am
prepared to ask the commissioners to set
conditions if if that happens we will
produce an order sometime in the next 15
to 20 minutes that will be faxed to you
or presented to you of the institution
and it will become a public record so
based on all of that mr. Simpson I do
vote to grant parole when eligible and
that will conclude this Harry all right
so during the hearing he also talked
about the robbery itself and he said
that the two memorabilia dealers that he
decided to target didn't you know they
had stolen that merchandise or that
material from him it was rightfully his
and as a result it was the reason why he
decided to pull out a gun and threatened
them and essentially robbed them at
gunpoint but it's interesting because he
had good behavior apparently behind bars
and so they had already cut down his
sentence but then you know since he was
up for parole he decided to move forward
with this hearing and they have
unanimously decided to let him go
they went on for a while and my favorite
line from the hearing they're two of
them but here's my favorite OJ Simpson
said I believe in the jury system
yeah no I think you believe in the
theory said and the other was he said no
one has ever accused me of pulling a
weapon of any kind on anyone no one has
ever except for those two people you
hacked up that night with those knives I
mean the truth is that look the one
striking thing I watched it and you
almost feel guilty for watching it
because you feel like you're
part of the circus and and I guess I was
when I was drawn in in a voyeuristic way
but he had certain arrogance to him
through the entire process and talking
about for example the effect of alcohol
on his on his actions that night and
just in general and his handling of
having taken any courses while he was in
they because they recommend certain
courses he hadn't taken the alcohol
course and he sort of said I don't
really have a problem with alcohol so
look there's a lot going on here but at
the end of it all it's just you know he
probably served longer than he should
have for that crime and he didn't serve
at all for the crime he should have
surfboard yeah and so you can't look you
can't ask this you know you can't ask
this board to make a decision about a
crime that they're not discussing
they're specifically talking about this
this robbery and they explicitly
mentioned that aspect of it during the
hearing they say we got a lot of letters
from people on both sides saying that we
both do take into consideration his
previous accusations both the the
criminal case where where he was
acquitted and the civil case and with
the goldmans where he was forced to pay
damages but they said we could not take
that in consideration and and that's
where I find myself is and a majority of
Americans literally according to USA
Today feel that he should be held
responsible cuz a majority of Americans
believe that he is guilty of the murders
of Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman and they
think that he should go to jail more in
Nevada because of that case but that's
just you can't do that what I found
striking is of the four panelists that
were making these decisions one was
wearing a football tie really he is
wearing a Kansas City Chiefs tie now OJ
played for the SE Trojans in college and
then he played for the Niners in the
bills and he didn't play for the Chiefs
as far as I know but just the idea like
why would you decide ball ties really
bad I just pick this picture and looking
through like Argyle stripes polka dots
but today's oj day I have the football
tie that is how
and it's either a message like I'm with
you football wise or like I'm not with
your team it is so weird to me and there
are moments during it where he during
the the hearing says I have not made an
excuse the whole time yes but all the
questions the answers that you want to
hear that I think seem obvious to me as
to what you would say even if you don't
mean it is I should never have done that
and he did say along the way I wish it
didn't happen I take full responsibility
but then when the rubber really hits the
road is he supposed to demonstrate that
he has the healthy approach to this that
the criminal system seeks to you know
the prison system seeks to make you
rehabilitate toward is he just kind of
says I wish ratio never called me he's
not saying I wish I didn't go along he's
not saying I wish I didn't do this it's
I wish that person didn't make me do it
and it doesn't it's that extra thing
we're like if you ask someone do they
feel remorse they should say listen it
was my fault
and he does say stuff like that but then
he he gets emotionally charged he
contradicts himself a lot and that was
what I noticed and I watched it as well
but I didn't I didn't necessarily feel
guilty about it I just thought it was
interesting to see you know whether or
not his personality has changed from you
know doing some hard time and to be
quite honest with you didn't seem like
it there was some joking going around he
talked about how if he were able to you
know get released early he'd go live in
Florida because he doesn't think that
they want him in Nevada right Eman that
joke you made that joke and everyone's
like haha like they start laughing and
I'm like this is kind of serious guys
you know like I get it I don't know how
much hard time is doing either because
talk to people in the joint I mean
that's what we call it when they'll
either join they will tell you that he
is a rockstar there they take pictures
with them and the guards want autographs
and all that stuff goes down so I feel
as though look it's it's not a party to
be you know to have to coach the prison
basketball team every day but as prisons
go that's a better thing to
do then you know I will say though I saw
it in his eyes when their weight
she took her time as you saw to say if I
do cast my vote
talk talk talk and just and you saw him
just the nine years are really on his
shoulders and I don't and and of course
he would want to not be in prison for
nine years this is the system sure I I
when I heard that he was out I was like
okay alright he's out of prison yeah he
went in and tried to steal back some and
when they talk about the actual articles
that were stolen yeah he he said that a
California Court had found that that was
his property yeah so he thinks but the
weird thing is how he processes it it
processes it in his mind to this day and
I could see over nine years you would
get more and more frustrated not less
and less frustrated with the idea that
nags in the back of his mind like yes
they the people I was with did have guns
to take this back but we were stealing
back my stuff yeah look I get it
I'm still you see fine you can't
brandish a weapon you can't threaten
someone with the website like there are
and I know he says he didn't but there
were guns involved yeah I was carrying
it or not like there were guns involved
and so you can't do that and that's the
reason why they ended up finding him
guilty but I like that you brought that
up because that plays into the
contradictions this I take personal
responsibility slash but it was my stuff
so you know what I mean I know I didn't
have the gun those other guys had a gun
I didn't call for them to have it they
told me to bring security that day I
didn't want to carry on I don't have
security or anything was the first time
I ever had security so yeah he was it
was the non-apology apology if you like
this clip of the young turks you know
there's a whole live two-hour show 6 to
8 p.m. Eastern every day and you could
download it or streaming to watch it
without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
