a 64 year old man in Hialeah Florida was
upset that AT&T utility workers were
parked in front of his driveway he
allegedly asked them to move and when
they didn't do so he took matters into
his own hands take a look at the video
to see what I'm talking about
684 southeast 5th place
Miami blue oh there's a guy shooting out
of tire and he's shoot he's shooting the
engine on the trucks and everything
all right no problem
shooting with an actual gun an actual
gun a revolver what an actual gun he's
he's shooting out the tires
alright alright yeah yeah I'm not even
Spanish gun Spanish guy okay so he is
actually a former firefighter and that's
pretty much all we know about him he did
end up getting arrested but his
neighbors say that he's a good guy I
mean he just sometimes gets a little
abstract Parker's driveway no-one's
parks your driveway these are just
utility workers doing what utility
workers do they were blocking his
driveway I'm just saying like you're
that upset that you're gonna you're
gonna might want to go somewhere the car
is in the way shooting out the engine
which makes it move is not your solution
when you're drive where's blog let me
this thing needs to move so I'll just
stop it from physically being able to do
those things
here's troublemaking there's a there's a
place in between you know complaining
and shooting you maybe you can find that
sweet sanity I mean usually stories like
this and in the worst way possible
there was a worker not inside the car
but I don't know what those things are
called those bucket things that they do
with the utility line I mean I love the
guy calling it in he's like um you're
shooting the time here's and they're
like are you near him is like no but
then he's just like the car like yeah
yeah here's here's what I do with that
situation gone yeah gone he has a gun
I'm gone I'm not myself falls down
police running away yeah think about the
normalisation bullets ricochet yes
he's shooting at the this truck it has
metal bumpers yeah and that trunk has a
family why would you shoot it it has a
family oh my god this master is so good
trigger that's great it is good trigger
this so good trigger John John okay not
anymore no I just look Florida is you
know very lenient and laxed when it
comes to guns so that concerns me I'm
glad that the person who called the
police remained calm I'm glad he didn't
get hurt I'm glad no one else got hurt
but and I'm also glad that this guy used
to be a firefighter and not a cop
because if you lose your temper that
easily yeah and you know open fire that
easily I mean obviously cause for
concern but you know he has been
arrested and we'll see how it plays out
is that how he fought fires stop it fire
move my way go away he reloaded several
times by the way he had to stop and
reload so weird that I get part of it
though like I get like they're blocking
my driveway that's what I'm saying he's
your citizen he's irritated probably
taking a bunch of medicines for crap
that we've never even heard of and you
know they're blocking his driveway so he
goes that says hey don't block my
driveway let me go ahead we're working
on this you know we'll let you know when
we're done and he goes okay I'll let you
know what I'm done Bam Bam Bam Bam
I would never do it I was like you would
ever do it no but like it is it seems
like it's not real like I don't I don't
it seems like a thing from like a TV
show retired firefighter and he's Rick
and retired okay he's retired
which means he should be enjoying life
like he's not in a rush to go there
that's a great time like I maybe I'd
have a little more empathy if he's you
know he has like a super demanding job
and he's running late and like life's
hard man he's really struggling and then
there's a utility workers blocking him
and he can't get out and he's about to
lose his job he's gonna be late I still
didn't you know justify him shooting up
the car but I mean at least I'd have a
little time
you're 64 years old relax someone take
his gun away relax get caught in their
ways he's like nobody's gonna disrespect
my house right Mike I'm just telling you
I'll agree that I'm taller that's the
car is parked on the street the truck is
parked on the street blocking his
driveway Hanna watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it anyway you like at TYT Network
calm /join
