the New York Times interview with Donald
Trump and he if you just want a quick
summary he decided to on pretty
much everyone and blame everyone around
him for his failures so let's get to the
first person that he decided to throw
under that bus session gets the job
right after he gets the job he reduces
was that a mistake
well session should have never refused
themselves and if he would if he was
going to recuse himself he should have
told me before he took the job and I
want to pick somebody else zero so Jeff
Sessions takes the job gets into the job
refuses themselves I then have which
which frankly I think it's very unfair
to the president how do you take a job
and then recuse yourself if he would
have refused himself before the job I
would have said thanks Jeff but I can't
you know I'm not going to thank you it's
extremely unfair and that's a mild word
to the president so Jeff Sessions is
still his attorney general right so he's
still working with Jeff Sessions and so
this interview is strange considering
the fact that he did just openly say
well if I would have known that he would
have recused himself I would have never
hired him I would have never given him
the job and it's just interesting to see
that level of transparency although I'm
not seeing transparency in a positive
way I'm saying it in a in a critical way
yeah he speaks in a very unvarnished way
when he is talking about protecting
himself you know he says very unfair to
the president but of course recusing
himself was surprisingly the fairest
thing that Jeff Sessions could do to the
process to the investigative process
right so but of course Donald Trump
doesn't care about the doesn't get a
process he cares about himself and
everything he says in service of that he
says in a very unvarnished way and so
yeah Jeff Sessions is not the first and
not the last to to feel this this sense
of being thrown under the bus as Anna
says and just to be clear though Trump
cares about this in
he cares deeply about this investigation
clearly in fact this is evidence that he
feels that heat right I mean and there's
been so much evidence regarding how much
he cares about this investigation I mean
he was transparent about the reason why
he fired Comey he openly said he fired
Comey because of his part in
investigating possible collusion with
Russia and so it's just it's it's
fascinating to see him you know take
shots at those closest to him in this
administration jr. first think about the
way this works well he way he thinks
this works
he thinks Jeff Sessions is his
presidential attorney he thinks the
Attorney General is to represent the
president and protect him from anything
that could possibly come towards him
because that's where his life has been
he's got a team of attorneys to protect
him from all the nefarious backhanded
deals that he has always done so he's
like why would I hire an attorney
general and Jeff Sessions if he's gonna
recuse himself when you hired Jeff
Sessions the investigations weren't
launched yet you were just elected you
idiot so why would Jeff Sessions know
hey they're gonna launch all these
investigations into all the nefarious
things you've been doing I should not
take this job because I'm gonna I'm
going to recuse myself in the future
from protecting you from investigations
he doesn't know how it works
I think agree that it's very likely
doesn't know how it works right but even
so he is under the impression that
people around him need to be loyal to
him at any and all costs
forget about fairness forget about the
democratic process forget about
democracy forget about the American
people you need to be loyal to Donald
Trump regardless of the situation and so
that's what he's really angry about
right and he doesn't connect those dots
that jr. is talking about in jr. I don't
think he's really even bothering to
figure out the logic of what he is doing
is he's doing what n is talking about
which is making a statement and this is
not an accident he's saying hey just
sessions and all of you who serve in my
administration loyalty to me is the only
priority of this administration and and
so he quite deliberately isn't doing the
math on when the investigation started
in all the rest I think he just wants to
make that point yes and so there was
a few more comments that he made in
regard to Jeff Sessions and it had to do
with his confirmation hearings so
remember Jeff Sessions got into a little
bit of trouble because he didn't
disclose the fact that he had met with
the Russian ambassador on two different
occasions and so Trump decided to
comment on that specific portion of you
know this entire debacle and she said
Jeff Sessions gave some bad answers he
gave some answers that were simple
questions and should have been simple
answers but they weren't well yeah I
agree with you on that why is it that he
didn't disclose that he had those two
meetings with a Russian ambassador who
knows but Jeff Sessions was asked about
Trump's comments while he was giving a
press conference in regard to something
completely different press conference
had to do with you know the black-market
sale of illicit products and of course
the reporters had less interest in that
and more interest in hearing sessions
thoughts on Trump's comments take a look
given what you said what is your
reaction to those remarks and how
seriously are you considering possibly
resign we in this Department of Justice
will continue every single day to work
hard to serve the national interest and
we wholeheartedly join in the priorities
of President Trump I have the honor of
serving as Attorney General is something
that goes beyond any thought I would
have ever had for myself we love this
job
we love this department and I plan to
continue to do so
as long as that is appropriate all right
so that's the kind of statement that so
many in the White House are kind of used
to making which is to sort of ignore the
specifics of whatever the president said
and just make a statement about how much
you love your job and how much you love
serving this country I'll remind you
that Jeff Sessions is though he's a not
a good guy he's someone who has really
not acted on the part of those who are
not served by the judicial system the
underclass that need the Justice
Department he is not their
representative in Washington you'll
remember he backed president Trump on
his advertisement for the Central Park
five you recall that that entire and the
Central Park five who were exact
rated up of that horrible incident so
Jeff sessions is is not one of the good
guys but he finds himself opposite the
president in at this moment in time
anyway I know it's really interesting
it's it's interesting to see people that
you dislike for good reason you know
fighting with one another and you know
Jeff Sessions his standard politician he
comes out there with his poker face but
make no mistake I mean hearing the
commander-in-chief the president talk
about you so negatively to a major news
outlet can't be fun let's hear a little
more from sessions you can effectively
serve from here on out if you don't have
the confidence of the President
we're serving right now the work we're
doing today is the kind of work that we
intend to continue but I really would
like for you to focus now on the work of
the individuals behind me that have
helped put this case together okay in
both of the videos that we just showed
you guys
it starts with Jeff Sessions far away
from the podium and then awkwardly
walking toward the podium to answer the
question why does he walk away in
between questions it's so strange can we
just watch the beginning of the last
video I'm just like just I don't know it
really stood out to me for some reason
okay she's asking the question what's
going on why does Trump suck so much in
both of the videos I don't know it's
just well I mean and and maybe you know
that they're presenting other law
enforcement officers and people maybe
from DOJ you were associated with the
opiate if that's what the he was talking
about originally so maybe he's kind of
trying to take his place online but
you're right it has an odd optic anyway
so he's got a weird look to begin with
he's kind of got a munchkin II look you
know what I mean so to be fair I think a
lot of situations help make it a little
more awkward yeah all right at well
there was one other quick portion of
that press conference featuring Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and I
want to show you that portion because of
a comment a reporter made after the
so take a quick look at this video and
say the president told the New York
Times yesterday that the fact that your
city is that something that's a valid
concern in your view one unit of equity
because eternal said we were working
here every day to advance the priorities
the Department of Justice the
administration and as the Attorney
General said we're happy to answer any
questions about this alphabet case it's
a very important case we had a lot of
folks here who assisted in that
investigation and that's all I'm going
to talk about today are you free to be
seen as a zombie attorney general all
right well Jeff Sessions was one person
who was criticized by Trump during that
interview but there was also criticism
directed toward James Comey which you
should expect but the accusations that
Trump made in regard to James Comey in
my opinion just give you a sense of how
distrustful he is how paranoid he is and
how even if someone comes with him or
comes to him with information that could
be helpful you know for strategy
purposes Trump thinks that no no these
people have the worst intentions in mind
so let me give you an example of what
I'm talking about
so according to the New York Times mr.
Trump recalled that mr. Comey and other
intelligence officials briefed him at
Trump Tower on Russian meddling mr.
Comey afterwards pulled mr. Trump aside
and told him about a dossier that had
been assembled by a former British spy
filled with salacious allegations
against the incoming president including
supposed sexual escapades in Moscow now
for those of you who might have missed
that story and this has never been
corroborated it was the whole thing
about how Trump hired prostitutes to
urinate on a bed that Obama allegedly
slept on those accusations that's the
dossier were talking about now Comey
came to him with that story before it
broke so in this interview at The New
York Times Donald Trump said in my
opinion he shared it so I would think he
had it out there and the reporter says
is leverage he's like yeah I think so in
retrospect
so he thinks that Comey was using that
as leverage against him when in reality
Comey was trying to help him out and be
like bro like there's a little bit of an
issue here I just want to make sure it's
you know at the top of your mind so you
deal with it but he didn't see it as
helpful yeah I mean even if you kind of
accept it as squishy in terms of the
truth it's call me saying hey this is
out there and he's looking for a firm
denial from Trump or something along
those lines
it was clear that Comey was tentative to
say the least about his relationship
with the president and he felt this is a
very unstable situation and it's frankly
one that a lot of people view is
unstable but it's hard to see that he
had any knives out for Trump early on
and yet obviously after the fact it's
all coming to it becomes quite obvious
that Trump essentially jumped in purely
for the Russian investigation and just
on the Russia investigation and Anna's
so right he feels the heat of this
Russia investigation all roads and all
responses lead back to something
concerning Russia and you can also see
the way the white house is falling apart
right now they are all scattering
because it is unclear who's going to
really bear this responsibility and be
hung out to dry the president is hanging
people out to dry every day yeah exactly
I mean it's interesting because he
expects loyalty from others but he's not
very loyal to anyone right he will throw
people around him under the bus for the
smallest thing and and that's what we've
been noticing so far TYT membership gets
your commercial-free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
