so we were doing the membership drive as
you guys know we started after Labor Day
and we started at 27,000 661 and then
yesterday we passed 31,000 which was
amazing thank you guys I wanted to see
where it is in a second Holt Holt okay
but we're reading some of your comments
about the membership drive and it's
great because it's first of all its
complimentary and thank you guys we
really appreciate it but it gives us a
deeper connection to you guys to hear
your stories and then a lot of times
when we're doing the show we visualize
talking to you guys so it's pretty neat
and we want to be as connected to you
guys as as possible so Faiza wrote in
hash tighty-whitey live first thing in
the morning check the young turks hoping
for as much progressive wins as possible
I live in France and as an activist I
know that politics and policies impact
the world member since November of 2016
has tighty-whitey family
hashtag walk the walk you keep me sane
too much love well much love right back
at you FISA thank you Seth Gilbert Road
in Genk proud to sign up for a TYT
membership the network has done amazing
things for progressive politics as
someone raised conservative I changed my
views over time it's great to find a
home for my progressive ideology through
you guys hashtag fight the good fight
absolutely that's great to find a
conservative thinker who can flip I mean
your pardon the expression today by the
way Seth I'm right there with you I also
flipped as you guys know I used to be
conservative and bison wrote and finally
put my mouth my mom my probably met my
money but they put my money where my
mouth is I'm not an official member of
the home of her no that's also wrong the
ttrt are me I'm finally a member let's
keep the membership drive rolling Thank
You Jake Anna and jr. for all you do
thank you we appreciate in the last one
Jackie killari wrote in I can't believe
I didn't know about you sooner I
recently bought a TYT membership and
t-shirt I'm now addicted missed you on
the weekends have been catching myself
saying preposterous of course and doing
my shimmy
my new shirt keep up the good work Thank
You Jackie so a little shimmy right back
at you so let's see where we are with
the thermometer today 200 all right t
y-t-dot-com /join to become a member
thank you guys there it is home
progresses and when you join that means
you built that and and when we have
progressive victories you are part of
that yeah okay by the way I just I love
the app I love yeah where she tells me
it's seamless and great and you should
be proud of that also yeah
our product and engineering engineering
team has been fantastic so thank you
guys yeah all right I love seeing that
number go up I mean it was already big
but I love seen it go up because we know
and we've been seeing especially you
know in the primaries last night how big
the challenge we face is how much we're
going up against both on the right wing
but also you know amongst the Democratic
Party as well and the media and the
donors and everything and you know you
get to decide how big of an army do you
want on your behalf and you get to be a
part of it and it's very easy I think a
lot of content as well that's right you
know what including John's show a damage
report is check out that podcast all of
our shoes over a dozen shows okay was
super last thing you remember yesterday
we cover the crazy story of Donald Trump
thinking that architects and engineers
are weak like the construction goes too
strong engineers are weak okay well you
couldn't be more wrong our engineers are
super strong they're too strong so you
are mess with our engineers the whole
Trump okay
they will design an app to come get you
and the app will mainly make this out
take the cake to like what you see click
the subscribe button below and don't
forget to ring the bell to never miss
another video from The Young Turks
