lawmakers in Hawaii recently passed
legislation that would essentially
require so-called pregnancy crisis
clinics to educate their clients or
their patients about available
reproductive health services including
access to contraception and abortion now
for those of you who don't know what
pregnancy clinic crisis centers are they
are essentially clinics that are not run
by medical professionals but they are
made to seem as though they are abortion
clinics so if a woman gets pregnant and
wants to seek an abortion oftentimes she
will be misled into thinking these
pregnancy crisis clinics will provide
those services but once they walk
through those doors it turns out that
these are conservative individuals
posing as medical professionals who do
anything and everything to dissuade the
women from obtaining an abortion and so
it's an ongoing issue in various states
and state lawmakers in these states have
decided that they want to do something
about it in Hawaii they are making it
mandatory that contraception and
abortion information be shared with
these patients now conservatives are not
happy about it they feel that they're
being persecuted so the Alliance
defending freedom has filed a lawsuit on
behalf of one of these pregnancy crisis
clinics known as a place for women a
church operated crisis pregnancy center
and five other Hawaiian centers
affiliated with the National Institute
of Family and life advocates so they're
saying you are forcing us to spread a
message that we disagree with
so our religious liberty is at stake but
again keep in mind that they miss inform
women okay yes they will tell them
things like if you have an abortion it
will increase your risk of breast cancer
which is completely untrue and they will
shame them and you know just do whatever
they can to dissuade them from obtaining
an abortion and it's problematic because
of how deceptive they are and how they
pose as abortion clinics and they're not
right this is not a location that's like
a church runs a health clinic already
that is a mischaracterization of the
places right this is a church runs of
place that tries to get women who are
thinking about abortions and get them to
not have an abortion now that's I get it
if you are religious and you're
fundamentally against abortion in all
scenarios I understand your desire to
find women who are thinking about
abortions and stop them from doing that
now if there's a way to do that that is
ethical and a way that is not ethical
this is a way that is extremely
terrifyingly unethical this is a place
that lies to you about the dangers of
abortions this is a place that co-locate
they call it so what they'll do is
they'll find a legitimate family clinic
and then next door they'll put up one of
these things that looks the same smells
the same feels the same but it's not to
the point where they they so sneakily
have been reported to say all right
we're gonna do the pregnancy test if you
could go pee on that and then when you
come out you hold it and wait and look
to see what the result is because if the
technician held the stick they could get
sued for pretending to be a medical
professional so they say this is
exciting
you hold it it's just a trap and Google
took their ads down because they did not
fit the Terms of Service because Google
Google which is like how we have Terms
of Service and these violate them they
spend thousands and thousands of dollars
a month to put these false ads in front
of people who are already going through
enough without having the trauma of
getting lured into a place that they
that puts out a sign and you may be seen
if it's a pregnant scared
yeah pregnant confused come to us we're
gonna help you and and look women who
unfortunately have an unwanted pregnancy
are in a desperate place and if they are
seeking help and they're trying to find
a clinic that provides abortion and then
they come across someone who's just
going to shame them if they're even
considering it or year's use fear
tactics against them I mean that that
preys on you know extremely vulnerable
people so I actually have a solution for
this bring it okay
and it has it
to make all well I do I do and I think
this is a fair solution so I get it if
you're conservative you don't want to
push any type of information that is
scientifically factual or would help
women obtain an abortion I get it you
don't want contraception you don't want
abortions you don't want any of that and
you don't want to spread that message
you want you don't want the government
to force you to spread that message so
okay then you don't have to okay under
my solution you don't have to spread
that message but you have to be
incredibly clear about what your
organization is okay you can you can't
mislead your patients anymore you can't
share misinformation about what abortion
does you can't pretend to be doctors you
can't pretend to be medical
professionals you can't pretend to be an
abortion clinic that's the way that I
would approach it right as a lawmaker
okay you're not allowed to deceive
people you have to be abundantly clear
about who you are and what your
intentions are you don't have to share
information about abortion but you also
can't pretend like you're an abortion
clinic to lure vulnerable people in yeah
how about that it's shame on you fie and
shame because yeah what's there's two
things the first one for me is like how
afraid are you like that the mere so the
the the what we're talking about is is
that that these abortion clinics do
these fake abort these fake non abortion
clinics that say they're abortion
clinics they're luring people in and
they'd and hawaii's just saying you need
to tell them that you're an actual place
you don't need to give them abortions
you do not need to tell them that the
place you're telling them about like you
will make them have an abortion you just
need to say that these places exist how
afraid are you that your argument is
that weak that you think the mere
mention of another alternative will
drive that person there to go get it
like what a weak weak position right and
then you are lying to people because you
think you have the moral superiority
right like you're trying you you think
you're new people over there are so
terrible that we're gonna lie to people
it's ridiculous work and again I think
I think there is a better solution to
this and again they just need to be
clear about who they are I would want
more oversight in terms of the way they
represent themselves and you know the
way that they mislead patients this is
my favorite quote it's it's
state-sponsored anti-life activists
according to the people making the
lawsuit are so in love with abortion
that they want to suppress the free
speech right nobody's in love with
abortion no one is that is such a gross
mischaracterization yeah I mean that's I
don't know if they genuinely think that
about people who support reproductive
rights but no one yeah I guess they do
yeah there's nothing fun about an
abortion people don't like them people
don't like being put in a situation
where they're pregnant with an unwanted
baby it's just not the way it works it's
not an exciting thing it's not a fun
thing it's not an easy decision you know
what for some women it is an easy
decision because they know they're not
ready to have a child they know they
don't have the means to take care of a
child and that's their life and their
decision to make and and if you don't
like that then you should move to one of
these countries that I'm sure they
criticize for violating the rights of
women right if you like controlling the
decisions of women then move to those
countries right isn't that great where
you have a bunch of randos like shaming
you because you've made a decision to
not have a baby that you might not have
the resources to take care of and it
would make them trust you more if you at
the beginning your crisis pregnancy
crisis center like it would make the
person in there trust you more if you
said listen here's where you can go get
an abortion tomorrow here's a place that
provides pregnancy counseling as well as
as pregnancy you know support just now
here rocks just kick rocks go find
something better to do you are it's
rough ah they they think that they're
not worried they think there's morale
they think that they have that moral
superiority and it drives me absolutely
nuts you're not moral if you shame
people and you miss inform them about
their health anyway you guys should see
the movie Magdalene sisters it was one
of the best movies I've seen slot years
ago and it takes place in Ireland
where
you know these young girls aren't you
know religious enough and so they're /
they're actually persecuted in these
ridiculous like Catholic boarding school
things anyway it's based on a true story
it's awesome those are the people who
think their moral that's the amazing
thing
torturing and making people miserable
because you know they're their fairy
tales say that that's the right thing to
do
watch the young turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
