back in April of this year a 15 year old
by the name of Jordan Edwards was at a
house party with friends now cops were
called to that house party and he and
his friends decided to get into the car
and drive away so they don't get into
any trouble I'm guessing and while they
were driving away a cop by the name of
Roy D Oliver ii decided to open fire
into that vehicle which led to the
shooting death of 15 year old jordan
Edwards now when Oliver released the
statement in regard to what happened
that night he claimed that the car was
driving in his direction which put him
in imminent harm however surveillance
indicated that that is not what happened
the car was driving away from him when
he decided to open fire now here is the
interesting update to this story and it
is a unique update because we don't hear
this happen often the former police
officer in this Dallas suburb was
indicted by a grand jury on a murder
charge for fatally shooting an unarmed
black high school freshman in April with
a high-powered rifle as the teenager and
four others drove away from a house
party
he's also indicted on four counts of
aggravated assault with a deadly weapon
by a public servant and if you think
those charges are in connection to what
happened to jordan edwards you would be
wrong that actually has to do with a
separate incident where he was off duty
in plainclothes and happened to get into
a car accident and allegedly threatened
the person that he got into an accident
with with his weapon so he's facing
charges for that as well now if
convicted of murder mr. Oliver who's 37
years old could face a prison term of 5
to 99 years or life the same charge the
same range as the aggravated assault
charges 5 to 99 years it's a small
window I know it's really weird how
there's that huge disparity there I
don't know what it's like there I know
in in California it's like they do it in
tiers so they'll be like the judge will
make a recommendation to say like this
is the lower tier middle tier and higher
tier of of sentencing but I
mean come on it was my reaction
this guy we monitor so much in this
country we monitor the behavior of
people are lying things you flagged you
put on list this guy
allegedly got in an accident and pulled
out his gun on someone before this
happened while he was off-duty that's
right that's a red flag you know it's
interesting because III think about the
double standard that every single person
who is not a cop has to deal with and I
think it's a double standard that makes
sense so for instance like one Jake and
I are close right and I feel like I can
argue with him and I can say whatever I
need to say and I don't have to worry
about retaliation however if news broke
that I pulled out a gun on someone that
I had gone into an accident with pretty
sure Jake would really consider or
reconsider my position here at TYT right
because it doesn't seem like I have you
know I'm in the right mental state to do
my job
but for some reason with cops it's like
oh pulled a gun I mean this should piss
you off though yeah you know it's absurd
these are people who are given the title
of protecting and serving and you don't
protect and serve by losing your temper
at the scene of an accident and
threatening someone's life with a gun
allegedly yeah and I mean guy was in
Iraq I don't know what's happening if he
had some kind of traumatic event he was
there let's figure it out and then
communicate what we figured out to all
of us so I can then see stories like
this and they say this / this off-duty
police officer was is undergoing
counseling or I don't see something like
this or when I see us then if I see a
story that says was it an accident
pulled a gun on someone then that person
was put into counseling taken off the
beat fired from his job you know isn't
allowed to just like have a gun because
he seems to pull it on people when he
gets in an accident with him stop it
there at worst don't let it keep going
don't let the instinct be well you know
he's one of us you've got a gun it's
different for him I don't want this
third time because the third time's a
charm right third time's when he pulls a
gun
not just any gun an ar-15 just starts
shooting at a car and it's driving away
from him within which with perceived
impunity it's crazy I don't like it and
it's it's tough let's figure it out I'm
not saying easy evil maybe he went
through some stuff but let's at least
just figure it out support independent
media come join us at the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
