a transwoman decided to troll Texas
governor Greg Abbott by taking a photo
with him not doing anything disruptive
but after he'd had a speech where he
announced that he would run for another
term as the governor she decided to
approach him and take a friendly photo
and then she proceeded to post that
photo online with an awesome caption now
Ashley Smith is her name and the caption
to her photo which let's put up so you
kind of see what it looks like the
caption to that photo said the following
how will the potty police know I'm
transgender if the governor doesn't has
tagged bathroom buddy so good and I love
that because it's so true and and it
also highlights an issue that I think we
don't really discuss enough when it
comes to these transgender bathroom
bills those bills disproportionately
impact transgender individuals from the
lowest socioeconomic status people who
don't have the resources to have gender
reassignment surgery or to have you know
procedures done to help them appear as
the gender that they identify as and so
you look at her Ashley Smith and she's
obviously gorgeous right and you can't
tell that she was not born a woman and
so she's gonna be fine if she goes to a
woman's bathroom and uses a woman's
bathroom no one's gonna question it
however if you are from a poor
background and you don't have the same
resources that she had well what do you
do when you just learned yeah nothing
nothing I just don't understand I've
never understood the instinct to say to
give a damn about who else is using that
bathroom I know I don't I never get it
like I've seen it I wish I was remember
I was in a airport and trans woman was
walking into the women's bathroom and
like did not look as like feminine I
guess or whatever we're trying to
articulate as as Ashley here and I was
like fucking go do that go well cuz like
she was like how did you know like it
was like listen mm-hmm what you've been
through to get to the
point where you are as confident as you
are walking into that bathroom right
like let's go pee I'm not gonna tell
people to hold it what am I like a 3rd
grade teacher I have many things to say
about this first of all anyone who
dilly-dally is in a public bathroom is
strange to me and I feel like there are
people who do that right like especially
on a plane or something
it's disgusting why are you taking your
time like I can't wait to get out of
there right because it's gross
in those please it's gross there's pee
pee everywhere and we're talking about
public bathrooms right now right so you
know these bills would force transgender
people to use the bathroom that you know
they were born yeah with the gender that
they were born with okay um I don't want
to have a conversation with anyone in
the bathroom I don't interact with
anyone in the bathroom I'm in I'm out
that's what usually happens so I thought
well and so these like fear tactics
about like oh they're gonna sexually
assault people no they're not no they're
not in fact if you are a trans woman
who's now forced to go into the men's
room there's a higher likelihood that
you could face some retaliation there
okay so if you genuinely care about
protecting people that you should
understand that this type of legislation
is ridiculous also anything you would be
afraid of happening in one of those
bathrooms is still illegal yeah exactly
sexual they're like I mean these things
like they're rooted in sensational
rhetoric about trans people attacking
folks people in gendered spaces listen
trans or cisgendered or whatever you
want to label it attacking people in
gendered spaces no matter who you are is
still illegal exactly and it does and
and and so that can still be let you
know prosecute it so what are you afraid
of all the actions you're afraid of are
still illegal I don't even think they're
afraid of what they claim they're afraid
of this is all about you know creating a
system where it's totally okay to hate
on individuals that you're ignorant
about that you're you know hateful
toward just live and let live whatever
happened to that even Donald Trump said
to Caitlyn Jenner use whatever toilet
you want you know what the Republican
Party is like they're like the
Joey right yes they're like up in your
business all the time like are you
tiling your floors are you using the
right bathroom are you peeing the right
we just shut up get out of my business
it's none of your business your business
live your life it's like they have so
much time on their hands to like think
about these nonsense issues right and
and make life miserable for people just
focus on your own life and focus on
doing what you were elected to do which
is representing the best interests of
the people because let me tell you
something I'm sure there are people that
are hurting economically in Texas
so why don't you focus on that Greg
Abbott instead of focusing on which
bathrooms people should use looking for
people's motivations behind doing stuff
a lot of times it's the ignorant leads
to the figure in the fears to hate and
hate leads to violence all this stuff
what's vile of this whole thing happened
with a mr. Ashley it shows that oh
you're you're not uncomfortable you
don't know so their discomfort comes oh
my god I'm so transphobic to that person
touched me
and here's he realizes suddenly he's
smiling all big no he's fine nothing
rubbed off on him he's not going to
become a trans woman now because of
someone that touched him so as soon as I
figure all this out and they're no
longer worried about it then maybe is
that their brains have to reset first
it's a fear it's all fear-based afraid
that they're late then like he said Oh
who's that hot chick who's about to come
take a photo with me she's really good
yeah help us build independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
