under former President Barack Obama's
Justice Department Eric Holder who led
the department increased control and
oversight in the area of civil asset
forfeiture which is this process whereby
law enforcement agencies across the
country can seize assets in the form of
money and actual property in the case
that it was made as a result of a crime
criminal behavior they had extra
oversight in that for a very good reason
there was a lot of criticism of this
program because in many cases well
documented on this program on others
there was criminal abuse of this this
process so that it wasn't criminals
stuff that was being taken and held it
was people who would eventually go on to
be cleared of their charges and in many
cases people who were never actually
charged with a crime but couldn't
actually get their resources back from
the police so credit to Barack Obama for
increasing oversight in that area until
today when that oversight is going to be
taken away the Justice Department with
President Trump's support will give new
authority to law enforcement agencies to
seize money contraband and property when
they can prove those assets or the
ill-gotten gains of criminal activity
which is a certainly nice spin on it but
we know what taking away oversight is
going to do we go back to the way things
were before the proceeds the Justice
Department says will infuse law
enforcement agencies with financial
resources equipment and training in the
fight against violent crime this is
ridiculous they're just gonna get guns
from criminals and now we could do
equipment ok fear-mongering is
Republican 101 we all know that and
especially with someone like Jeff
Sessions and Power we're gonna see more
and more of it and the way that they're
illustrating this is complete and utter
 just keeping it real because
civil asset forfeiture
disproportionately impacts individuals
who have been falsely accused of
possessing drugs so you're traveling and
usually when you're traveling you have
cash on you right because absolutely if
you're gonna travel to another country
it's better for you to have you know
that currency on you that way you don't
have issues with credit cards and all
that and so a cop or you know anyone in
a position of authority can say hmm
there's reason to believe that this
individual is trafficking drugs or in
possession of drugs all they have to do
is say that there's some probable cause
clearly because they have some
much money and that seems suspicious
that seems suspicious they can literally
take your money take your property and
say that they need it because it's part
of this investigation
and they'll do a investigation find out
that you're completely innocent but they
still hold on to those assets they don't
give it back in a lot of cases which is
something as you mentioned we talked
about on the show a great deal and so
look the Obama administration in my
opinion didn't do enough on a number of
issues but at least when it came to
certain justice system related issues
they did some good things like phasing
out private prisons on a federal level
and then kind of trying to reform civil
asset forfeiture but then you have
Trump's administration coming into power
and they love civil asset forfeiture
police organizations and departments
throughout the country love it because
that's how they line their pockets right
they're underfunded ok civil asset
forfeiture we can just collect people's
property and then pay ourselves back
with this and it's been happening for a
long time and so we're shaking Americans
down and taking their property when
they're not even criminals and they
haven't done anything wrong and again it
disproportionately impacts people who
have been accused of having possession
of drugs that is not a violent crime so
when they say that they're doing this to
combat violent crime they're lying to
you yeah well in think about how
fundamentally regressive it is I mean
first of all it's not like a banker is
suspected of a crime so they seize his
jag like doing that it's only gonna be
the poorest Americans who are ever gonna
be targeted in the first place and then
theoretically you have the ability to
challenge that forfeiture especially if
you didn't commit a crime and get it
back if you have the resources to
actually do that in time and legal fees
and the poorest Americans are unlikely
to have that and so this is a
fundamentally regressive way to fund
Police Department's that at the federal
level and unfortunately the state and
local level is very popular and that's
why it was to the credit of Eric Holder
and Barack Obama to fight against it at
least to start that process and so it
fortunate it looks like we're gonna go
racing right back into the past into the
dark pass to the American criminal
justice no one should have been
surprised if you like this video you'll
love the whole TYT Network check it out
a TYT Network
/join
