one of the silent but deadly threats
when it comes to climate change our cow
farts if you care a lot about climate
change you're probably well aware of
this a lot of good documentaries have
covered how the agriculture business for
a variety of reasons generates a lot of
climate change like particular matter
chemicals and stuff like that but the
methane from cow farts is a big part of
that especially once you add it up so
let's look at some of these numbers that
these cows are generating uh they're
estimated to be to be between 1.3 and
1.5 billion cows in the world which is
not actually the highest of chickens are
actually more common that's a lot of
cows each cow produces between 200 to
500 liters of methane per day and
methane warms the planet by around 86
times as much as co2 over a long period
of time estimates defer but that is a
commonly cited one so when you think
about those one and a half billion cows
belching and farting out all that
methane that's a significant concern but
what if there's something we could do
about it well it's been last year the
news broke that they'd found a way to
try to limit that methane production by
cows it's been put into effect most
recently in some Irish farms that have
confirmed that it actually works
researchers at James Cook University
found the addition of less than 2% dried
seaweed to a cow's diet could reduce
their methane emissions by as much as
99% get me some of that huge and it
doesn't seem like it would be that
difficult to add it one of the
professors involved in this said that we
started with 20 species of seaweed and
we very quickly narrowed that down to
one really stands out species of red
seaweed that when added as just a small
percentage of the feed will
significantly cut the output that's huge
back in the 90s there was an episode of
Seaquest DSV where they mentioned like
that's why we got that's why we banned
cows it's like a split took place in the
future when the ice caps had melted or
something like that and you know they
had you know a pet talking dolphin but
anyway
it was a science-fiction show that was
like you know let look back on the
ravages of climate change and said yeah
we bent we had to ban cows because the
farts were too intense
this is greatness of voids this is this
avoid such a huge such a huge part of it
for anyone who's seen cowspiracy and
then tweeted me about it and and so look
I'm gonna get back to the ice caps and
climate change in a second but if you
are a vegetarian or you vegan or you
just love animals because animals are
innocent you'll also love this news not
just for the sake of the planet but for
them because it turns out that it also
makes the cows healthier and a longer
mating cycle okay but I don't think
that's due to the food I think it's that
the cows are more turned on with the
less farting involved or - okay maybe
he's not so badly gone for Christ's sake
it was like it was a Canadian farmer
who's like why are those woods doing it
for longer I'm gonna watch what they
well it turns out that's literally true
that happened in 2012 that Canadian
farmer noticed that was happening
they're like what is going on and it was
because there were so windblown seaweed
that had gotten to that pasture which is
amazing it's like out of them like one
of those movies were it like rains fish
because the tornado picked up mission
through it on land or whatever or sharks
I saw that one yeah so just randomly
simply got thrown into this farm the
cows ate it enter said they farted last
they burped less they had sex more often
and and and and the Irish actually have
been using seaweed for a while so they
they've been harvesting seaweed to
fertilize small Holdings because that
were poor nutrients so once you gonna
put all this here they're like wait a
minute it's the seaweed it's a seaweed
what and then they say the daily I love
that quote you read like the daily
leakage of methane they have 200 to 500
liters why is it the leaders is it
measuring farts and leaders that makes
it grosser
it doesn't like it doesn't help
we had that job come on metric thing or
is it like do we is it could we do like
cubic feet we've had rows very nice what
makes you feel better but anyway a very
secure obviously not the only way that
large amounts of methane are are emitted
we have to we have concerns for with
that with fracking obviously and things
like that thankfully under Obama there
were some new regulations there's an
ongoing legal battle under Donald Trump
about the continuation of those but
theoretically if this was set up on a
mass scale which seems eminently doable
that could cut fairly significantly into
global emissions and at this point
anything helps yeah and so look if the
scientists had a global conspiracy to
trick you so that we stopped using oil
why they launched a conspiracy no one
really knows well then why do they admit
that the Cal forts that have nothing to
do with oil or anything else are 86
times worse than carbon emissions well
because they just care about the facts
and that's a fact
yeah it's not part of any agenda there's
no like liberal plot to demonize cows
it's not it's the bunch of Hindu
scientists didn't get together me like I
have an idea is actually much worse than
carbon it is but by the way the real
problem comes in when the ice caps melt
well it releases a ton of methane
actually literally more than a ton
I would imagine everyday that would be
that much yeah yeah this is way more
than that and that is 86 times worse
than carbon so we cannot have the ice
caps melt but luckily we protected ice
caps a little bit now because the
seaweed is there anything that seaweed
can't do that we can't do TYT membership
gives you commercial free young turks
downloaded stream it podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
