the Center for Investigative Reporting
has discovered that the Trump
administration plans to cut 213 million
dollars from a variety of teen pregnancy
prevention programs that were
established under Barack Obama more than
80 organizations will lose Obama era
grants from the US Department of Health
and Human Services that helped them fund
programs for helping teens avoid
unwanted pregnancies and sexually
transmitted infections some of the
organizations receiving the grants said
that they were told the move was brought
forward by value valerie hubber a new
chief of staff to the assistant
secretary for health at HHS who favors
abstinence only education instead of
sexual health awareness and if you go
back and you search this name a lot of
quotes that are not just in favor of
absence only read education but to the
exclusion of others are easy to find she
said this recently as public health
experts and policy makers we must
normalize sexual delay more than any
normalized teen sex even with
contraception she also calls it sexual
risk avoidance not it's only yeah they
come that's what yeah that like the
thing they represent has been so
thoroughly discredited that they
desperately have to rename it like the
new classic liberals for instance likes
to be conservative doesn't it anyway but
this is a she's now in a position to
make this sort of change theoretically
millions of dollars will be changed as a
result of people like her being there
favoring a policy that we experienced
under george w bush we had a long
experience with that even though the nih
has said that abstinence education the
u.s. does not cause abstinence behavior
to the contrary teens and states that
prescribe more abstinence education are
actually more likely to become pregnant
but damn of a science so she's
pretending is what it is she's
pretending this works she's pretending
that abstinence only education has it
contributes to abstinence and it doesn't
so if she wants to teach pretend she
should be a drama teacher she should not
since only education it granted yes it
turns out we're still humans man we like
to have sex yeah and and it's
unfortunate for us and it's
uncomfortable if you're a parent that
puberty starts at
12/13 right and so if you're like ah way
too early their kids their kids that's
true that's why we try to shelter them
so I get the impulse I understand that
but it turns out that once you go into
puberty you want to have sex yeah so now
that doesn't mean that we should
encourage them to go rush out and do it
as soon as they hit puberty of course
not
but it also means that if we're being
realistic we know that some percentage
of people from puberty to adulthood are
going to have sex so when they do we
don't want them getting pregnant so
we're gonna have to do some sort of
balancing act here with education about
why you shouldn't have sex early you
know they're about maturity and
everything else and know that they're
humans and make sure that they don't get
pregnant by the way what the results of
this is that abortions will increase
because more people will get pregnant
and more people will have abortions it's
a it's there's been study after study
it's a fact so but if you don't believe
us that's okay you'll see it for
yourself in a little while and and then
you'll cry about more abortions but we
didn't do it you did it
if we can bring up this chart you're
gonna see that there has actually been
some success in in getting down the
birth rate for females between 15 and 19
now viously there it's broken down by by
race but you're seeing that all of them
are descending some precipitously and
that's just over less than a decade I
mean do we want to see that chart go in
the opposite direction do we want to
think about the the cost in human
suffering perhaps it could come those
who won't be able to pursue advanced
degrees or start their own business you
know the extra abortions as Jake pointed
out I mean we could move back in that
direction we experienced that as a
country in a george w bush i personally
don't think that we should look it's
super uncomfortable think of 15 year
olds having sex but you just saw the
chart obviously some of them do and they
get pregnant so you can deny that
reality until you're blue in the face it
doesn't make it any less real yeah so
let's just be smart about it first i can
figure out how could we can prevent the
pregnancies so if you want to keep
insisting on all programs that we know
for a fact don't work yeah
you know in there and just do the same
thing you've done before don't have sex
just say no see how that turns out on
this planet that strategy has not been
very successful watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it any way you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
