Michael Isikoff with a really great
story on Yahoo he's all the best
investigative reporters in the country
it's about what the Donald Trump wanted
to do was anxious now there's what he
says
and there's what he actually does so
earlier he had said I would not and have
never even thought about taking them off
referring to sanctions on Russia
somebody said Donald Trump wants to I
don't want to take them off and I can't
be any clearer but he went on to say
even more he said I would never take the
sanctions off until something has worked
out to our satisfaction and everybody's
satisfaction in Syria and in Ukraine I
made great deals that's what I do
why would I take sanctions off without
getting anything well Donald Trump that
is a great question so now we go to
izikoff story where he explains that it
turns out the Trump White House was
looking to get rid of sanctions within
days of Donald Trump entering the White
House so first go to Dan freed he's
former chief US sanctions policy
coordinator and he said there was
serious consideration by the White House
to unilaterally rescind the sanctions
that's as soon as they stepped in what
happened I thought you needed to make
deals on Ukraine in Syria you never even
considered it
turns out that wasn't true at all here's
more from izikoff he said in the first
three weeks of the administration he
received several panicky calls from US
government officials who told him they
had been directed to develop a sanctions
lifting package and imploring him please
my god can't you stop this so guys
already at the State Department Trump
comes in and he goes yeah I'm thinking
of lifting the Russian sanctions and
they're like what are you talking about
they might have meddled in our elections
and even if they didn't we had sanctions
on because of they annex the part of the
Ukraine they just rolled her tanks in
and and they don't agree with us on
Syria and they want to protect us on why
would we take the Sage's up that's
because he always had a deal with the
Russians it's so obvious it's obvious
and everything he's ever done he put
whooping Ross's Commerce Secretary he
used to run the Bank of Cyprus
where the Russians do their
money-laundering we're also Trump had
some money he took Rex Tillerson who was
the CEO of ExxonMobil what were the
sanctions on on the ExxonMobil deal and
he made him the Secretary of State now
we have reporting from the inside saying
no the minute they came in they wanted
to lift the Russian sanctions Tom
Malinowski who had just stepped down as
President Obama's Assistant Secretary of
State for Human Rights told Yahoo News
he too joined the effort to lobby
Congress after learning from former
colleagues that the administration was
developing a plan to lift sanctions and
possibly arrange a summit between Trump
and Russian President Vladimir Putin as
part of an effort to achieve quote a
grand bargain with Moscow and here's his
quote it would have been a win-win for
Moscow so they were trying that from day
one and what happened well at the g20
meeting Putin and Trump went and had a
two hour and 15 minute meeting where the
deal was Trump says hey did you do that
meddling Putin says no Trump then says
okay then we're done with it and we're
not gonna investigate it any further and
and and that's it and so that's a win
for Russia then he says on Syria let's
do a ceasefire
well Putin's like my ally Assad is
winning right now we're gonna cement his
lead deal that's a win for Russia and
are you gonna challenge him on anything
nothing no it's just a win-win for
Russia Hey look at that they executed
the plan they had from day one to help
Russia on every issue and most
importantly get to lifting the sanctions
now these concerns let some department
officials to also reach out to
Malinowski and Obama political appointee
who had just stepped down Malinowski
said he liked a Frede called Cardin and
other congressional allies including
aides to Senator John McCain and urge
them to codify the sanctions effectively
locking them in place before Trump could
lift them now I tell you that because
look at all the effort that the that the
State Department went to to say this is
a terrible idea to immediately lift
sanctions on Russia and it is not
justified by anything so they go to the
Congress and
Republicans and Democrats they go you
gotta stop this guy because he wants to
lift the sanctions right away and so you
know the story's real because the
Senators did do that Cardon and then
Lindsey Graham and Ally of John McCain
introduced a bill to make sure the
sanctions were not lifted now six days
later Mike Flynn had to step down anyway
this is in the beginning of the
administration because of his contacts
with the Russians so the bill didn't get
fully executed but you can tell by the
fact that they proposed that bill that
the State Department is telling the
truth that Trump want to lift the
sanctions on Russia immediately now guys
for the crowd who keep saying there's no
evidence there's no evidence that they
had any dealings with Russia at all if
Russia didn't help you in the election
and there's no deal with the Russians
why would you get into office and on day
one be like oh we gotta lift those
sanctions for the rachels right away
right away peace I want nothing nothing
nothing at all
just lift the sanctions whatever you do
lift the sanctions Lindsey Graham at the
time said again he's a Republican
senator Russia has done nothing to be
rewarded with sanctions relief Wow
nothing that we know of
apparently there's something that
trouble administration knows about what
they did for them that the rest of us
are now beginning to find out so did
they have a deal with the Russians this
certainly seems to indicate so is it The
Smoking Gun and lock all of them up no
but is it evidence number 89 that yes
the Trump administration wanted to help
the Russians for apparently some favors
they did to Trump because they certainly
didn't do America any favors and none
that anyone can see of course they had a
deal you have to be purposely blind to
say nope nope nope I don't see it I
don't see that Rex Tillerson I don't see
Wilbur Ross I don't see the server in
Pennsylvania getting pinged by alpha
bank from Russia non-stop I don't see
this I don't see the secret meeting that
Eric Prince had that we now know Betsy
divorces brother in seashells island
with the Russians I didn't like Flint
meeting with the Russians Donald Trump
jr. meeting
with the Russians manna Fortin Jared
Kushner meeting with the Russians the
Trump administration wanted to lift
sanctions on day one I don't see it I
don't see it I don't see it okay well
then you're trying not to see it it's
super obvious now that doesn't mean that
you are ready for criminal indictments
that's why you get somebody like Muller
who does an investigation proves all of
this out and then tells us what he's got
and he's got the evidence that backs up
all of this that's already public then
you lock him up so right now there is
all of the circumstantial evidence in
the world that they had a deal so now
let's see if they have the evidence in
papers in numbers in bank accounts to
make that stick enough to remove a
president that's a much bigger bore but
was there collusion whether it right it
rises to the level of a crime or not you
have to be ignoring the evidence to not
see it obviously there was collusion if
you liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
