in mell America there is a new effort to
resist the Trump Organization or Trump
administration and it's known as the
redneck revolt and I'm being a little
unfair by calling them new since they've
been around since 2009 but because of
the Trump administration they are
feeling more reinvigorated and they are
resisting in their own way now the
redneck revolt is interesting because
they want similar things to what we
discuss here on the show but they're
very much in favor of guns and what they
consider redneck culture so they
consider themselves an anti-racist
pro-gun Pro labor organization they say
if you haven't noticed we aren't
liberals you know if you keep going
further left eventually you go left
enough to get your guns back so they're
very much in favor of guns the
organization's principles are distinctly
left-wing though they're against white
supremacy they're against capitalism and
the nation state and they're in support
of the marginalized so not only do they
want to resist Trump but they also want
to fight back against some of the racism
and racist rhetoric that we've been
experiencing in the US lately
look this this goes to the tradition
that's in the South that that people
have forgotten about and and I've talked
about this in previous shows Johnny Cash
Willie Nelson almost all the old country
stars were what we would call
progressives today right significantly
so but mainly they were rebels so that's
why maybe these guys aren't calling
themselves liberals but in Johnny Cash's
album cover he's thinking the middle
finger out to the man and and he was
there at Folsom Prison and he's doing us
and he did a concert for prisoners and
he writes about the downtrodden and so
what these guys are saying is the same
thing we're here for the marginalized
we're for the real people and they got
marginalized by several different
factors and maybe that's why they're you
know again actually not liberals because
and I know the words get a little funny
here liberals progressives we call
ourselves progressives and there's some
distinctions I don't want to get too
long into that road but my point is that
you could be against big government and
also yes big business and you could see
the
that there are problems with big
government and then some of those are
created by the fact that we're doing
crony capitalism where big business has
bought off government right and so this
is a tradition that is very old in the
south and it's great to see it rise up
again yeah southern tradition I can FBI
so I want to leave you with a quote from
Dave Sparano who's part of the redneck
revolt
he says the history of the white
working-class has been a history of
being in exploited people however we've
been in exploited people that further
exploits other exploited people while
we've been living in tenements and slums
for centuries we've also been used by
the rich to attack our neighbors
co-workers and friends of different
colors religions and nationalities Oh
like the the awareness there is lit I
just I love the awareness there because
it's true I mean we allow the most
powerful people in the country the the
real elite to distract us with
infighting rather than focusing on
fighting the system that continues to
suppress us right max Neely who is also
part of the redneck revolt says I grew
up playing in the woods floating coolers
of beer down a river shooting off
fireworks just generally raising hell
all that kind of stuff things most
people would consider a part of redneck
culture we're trying to acknowledge the
ways we've made mistakes and bought into
white supremacy and capitalism but also
give ourselves an environment in which
it's OK to celebrate redneck culture do
you boo yeah you don't have to be from
any particular place to be a progressive
and these guys actually in a lot of ways
sound more progressive or more liberal
than I am certainly because I you know I
think Apple isms okay
it depends on how you do it you're not
crony capitalism and and not corporatism
right but but he's right of course just
because you're in the South doesn't mean
you should buy into what they tell you
southerners need to think and he's right
that it's as old as time itself that if
you're in a bad spot somebody above you
will tell you don't look up look down
they'll tell you your problems are down
below
and they'll tell you that the powerless
are the ones that cause your problems
not the powerful it's meant to distract
you so you never solve your actual
problems because they're up they're not
down and so these guys recognize that as
they seem to God bless their hearts if
you liked this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
