all right we've got a great interview
for you guys today it's congressman
keith Ellison he represents Minnesota's
fifth congressional district he's also
co-chair of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus and now very
importantly Democratic National
Committee deputy chair congressman
Ellison and welcome the Young Turks CEO
Jiang cows Gilliam then great great
let's hit it
I understand you got a resistance summer
so first of all tell me what that is and
what that means it's an intensive
program to engage people at the
grassroots level so the DNC is sending
money to every state party but the money
is for extra canvassing extra door
knocks extra phone banks some of the
states that wanted to target it to
campus or the workers or whatever but
the idea is you got to get up out of the
Democratic Party headquarters and get
out into the street and talk to some
neighbors get out there and engage
people build some relationships so what
we're hoping to really replenish our
data update our data set rebuild
relationships set us up be a be a factor
in 2017 elections like a lot of
municipal races you know we just saw
some folks win in Oklahoma they are I
have an active assistant summer program
but the thing is Jake we need to set a
new normal we need to go from a
battleground oriented Democratic Party
to an every state party we need to go
from a every four year presidential
party to every day every race party and
that's what we're trying to try to make
that shift and the resistance summer is
the first step in that shift in a but
it's only it's not a one-and-done it's
just the first one we are we're gonna
create a new normal
of grassroots engagement that's the
concept all right now I know that you
just got a legislative victory - I want
to get to that in a second but let's
yeah and this idea of the grassroots
because it's really interesting I read
that in a no six in your first run for
Congress in the primary you didn't run
any ads at all that you use community
organizers to win that race is that true
and and if so how did that work
I had one internet ad but no other ones
I have never nobody
in Minnesota has ever seen a keith
Ellison for Congress TV ad we do it all
on the ground Wow we feel like that is
the way to do it I just want to tell you
this Jake when I started running in 2006
we had the lowest turnout of any
congressional district in Minnesota now
we have the highest and we're
consistently the highest why because
what I'm talking about
with resistance summer that's what we've
been doing in the fifth District of
Minnesota for the last 10 years we start
early we campaign during the off year we
campaign we work with other folks who
are running so you know right now on
Minneapolis we're working with City
Council candidates we're working with
State Legislative candidates we don't we
don't believe in siloed campaigning and
we keep our data and we build
relationships and we tell our knockers
look if you're on that door for 10 12 20
minutes
that's just what you got to do because
that person's got something important to
tell you they might be telling about
pre-existing conditions if you know the
the Republicans pass this mess they're
talking about it you know they're gonna
really their family will be devastated
what are you gonna do say I gotta knock
my my list so I got to go no you stay
there you give that person your presence
your time and of course you know try to
get through your list but understand
that the person is more important than
the list so that's gonna how we do yeah
he's doing it right now
yeah I'm super interested in that so it
is that something that we could do for
each race I mean the smaller the the
race the more you can knock on doors you
know that that's logical everybody gets
it's a state race or it's a you know
council race or even a district race
like yours
but can you do it at the state level and
is that is that a paradigm shift that
could be successfully executed across
the country brother that's what I'm
praying for
I think we absolutely can do it
statewide nationwide you use technology
so like we got this thing called knocked
in it's an app and it what it'll do is
if you plug into it it'll give you ten
people who live near you to knock when
you're done you know you put the data in
and then you go knock ten more and then
you can have you
want to go engage your neighbors around
Democratic Party ideas you can do it
because we're trying to help you
technology with technology we got that
with resistance summer we got this
number four three three six seven and
then text resist will give you updates
on what we're doing but here's the
property here's the thing Jane this is
all about people-to-people relationships
the people are way ahead of the
Democratic Party the people are like a
we want to not we want to engage and you
can come knock with us or not but we're
knocking anyway we're marching anyway
we're demonstrating anyway so my thing
is to say look Democratic Party we've
got to be with the people we've got to
connect with what people are doing
because if we say we're the party of the
working man and women in America we
cannot be missing in action during one
of the most important civic engagement
periods in American history I mean
people are responding man and we got to
be in the game and connected that's the
first time I've been excited about
something the dlcs doing in a long long
time so it's actually it's great to hear
and I did not know that and by the way
today is I was thinking of which shirt
to wear on the show one was this I like
as a Dylan yes it goes for three three
six seven tight what's on with Jake
shirt all right well the other thing
that I was saying wearing is were the
ones who knock and boy that wasn't
appropriate to Soho so now let me talk
about a legislative victory two more
good news and then and then we'll talk
to some of maybe the downsides of the
se2 yeah okay so Trent Franks had
proposed this law about scrutinizing
Muslim religious leaders more what was
that and and what conclusion did it
reach so he wanted to he called it a
strategic assessment but really it's a
study and what he wanted this strategic
assessment to do is to examine Islam and
to identify what are good practices what
are unorthodox practices to identify
leaders to identify doctrines and are
things like look unless you're gonna do
it for every religion you can't really
do it for any and by the way you know
of course all of us are against
terrorism we debt my son is in the
United States Army you know he's a
Muslim fighting for America willing to
give his life for it this is not about
terrorism or national security it's
about identifying one religious group
and in scrutinizing and picking them out
identifying them as a national security
threat and saying we're gonna study you
particularly and especially now you Jake
you know I listen to your show so I know
that you are skeptical about all
organized religion right yeah and and
you know and I know that you got plenty
of Christians and Jews and Hindus and
Buddhists and people of no faith
whatsoever who kill in the name of their
belief system this is wrong and we are
stand opposed to it and we don't have
any problem with studying it but what we
do say is if you're gonna pick out a
religion identify its leaders it'll
define its doctrines kind of carve it
out as a special case that needs to be
focused on and scrutinized what you're
essentially doing is you are a bridging
the free exercise of religion which the
Constitution says you cannot do so we
fought it and guess what miracles never
cease we beat it
so we defeated that amendment Wow all
right
yeah man when I was shot guy I am like
wow I don't think we're gonna win but
you know we mobilize the forces we
mobilize grassroots folks to call in
about it we got a hold up the Black
Caucus to Latino caucus to Asia caucus
the progressive caucus the Democratic
caucus overall and you know we wrote we
got romelo Jaya
a star who I think is an awesome leader
jamie raskin another one we went on the
floor we raised hell about it we beat
them Wow DNC doing grassroots organizing
and a legislative victory for
progressives can I get an amen
okay so look you know on the religious
issue I'd go further than you I mean if
they're gonna start a new religion great
let's have at it Hoss then let me study
the end-times theology of Christians all
right you know right and talking about
Armageddon and how seven billion people
are gonna die that seems a little
dangerous to me anyway but we want on
that so we'll move forward so so let's
talk about election strategy in 2018 you
because you brought that up in the
context of 2017 but obviously 2018 we
got congressional races so so that leads
us to what you think Democratic Party
should focus on for those elections
what's your take there we need to engage
in door-to-door relationship building
that's what it is I mean I mean I think
the problem is that we have made the
election the be-all end-all most
important thing when the truth is your
abs voters sees the election is you know
important but what they really want to
be able to do is get their leaders to
respond to them and if all we ever do is
call them at election time and hit them
up for a donation or a vote they're
gonna feel like we're Fairweather friend
right so what we need to do for 2018 is
get out there early and in every single
district and say we are listening to you
we want to know what how you feel about
everything from the Republicans trying
to repeal health care do you believe we
need Medicare for all I happen to
believe it but let's just ask the people
on the AMA and the neighborhood's to
whether they believe it do you know
where you at on fight for 15 what are
you going through in terms of scheduling
you know your dream to seeing your kid
to college what are the barriers to that
so we need to get in and engage and take
out one of those folks who believe that
you can come up with the best damn
message ever but if you don't deliver it
to people you don't listen to people
you're not present with people it
doesn't work so most important thing is
to get out there now engage now sit down
and shut up and listen now and be
present in the lives of people that's
what we got to do so and so yeah as a
matter of strategy in how you approach
getting votes I agree with it but on the
issues I need a little bit more
clarification there sir so is the DNC
you're going to get behind specific
issues fight for 15 but but
very very importantly medicare-for-all
or are they going to be neutral and not
take a stance well let me tell you man
you know I became the Deputy Chair and
February 25th I am I have been for the
last ten years on John Conyers
single-payer medicare-for-all bill I'm
on it now I've been on it gonna stay on
it and I am all the time persuading
people that this is the right direction
for the nation of course we have this
immediate problem of having to defend
what we got and so I'm all in of there
too but you know it really the quote we
have this platform process where we
engage Democrats all over the country we
hash it out we debate it out we fight it
out and as I sit here with you right now
I can tell you that the Democratic party
platform most progressive platform
you've ever had not a perfect platform
but the best we've done from a
progressive viewpoint calls for
universal health care now does it say
single-payer no but you know look I'm
one of those people who believes
sometimes you just got to keep it stay
in the fight rather than saying it's not
good enough now so I quit I'm not like
that I'm the guy who says we got that
this time we're gonna get the next next
time so that's really where it's at I
can tell you this we got over well we
got well over a hundred Democrats on a
single-payer bill a majority the caucus
in Congress right now so that's on
single-payer the fight continues we got
to persuade each other and I'll tell you
Jake I want to say thank you to whitey
for educating people on single-payer
because a lot people don't really know
what it is but but you know so we need
to continue to just help people
understand what it is they on the issue
of the fight for 15 let me tell you me
and Bernie Sanders introduced fight 15
years ago we've been working on it ever
since progressive caucus has been doing
it now I'm telling you man a month ago
you had Schumer and Pelosi you had Steny
and you had patty Murray all in a room
with me and Bernie and and and in Bobby
Scott calling for 15 right so what does
that mean that
what used to be a marginal position for
the elected Democrats now is a
mainstream position and I give all the
credit to you know groups like yours PYT
but also you know you know folks who
marched in the street protesting and you
know I've been out there to those
protests me and Bernie were on the
streets with people and so we know you
know how critical it is but if people
will stick and stay and keep fighting
for their position we can move these
guys to the position we want them to
take and 15 is a perfect example of that
I think I might have literally run into
you at one of those protests but so I
hear you on that but if focusing on the
DNC for a second sure though
look I'm Medicare for all I think
National Nurses Union did an amazing job
in fear and injustice Democrats did a
great job those two together helped to
nearly double the number of people who
are supporting you in Conyers now on his
bill in the house on that issue but as
for the DNC is your mission to support
to get more Democratic victories or to
support Democratic incumbents because
those might be different so for example
there's a Democratic incumbent who is
not for Medicare for all who is not for
a lot of policy positions or I mean
that's one side it's policy the other
side is you think the incumbent maybe
doesn't stand as good a chance of
winning as someone else in a Democratic
primary what does it do DNC do in a
circumstance like that you know what I
think we should do in that situation is
emphasize what it really is how much
money it actually saves how we can cover
more people I don't know any politician
not one who isn't freaked out when
somebody tells them that before we got
the Affordable Care Act people were
being denied dropped having skywrite the
sky-high prices because of pre-existing
conditions you want to solve the
problems of your constituents this is
the policy you should be taken now
people don't take that position right
away I'm not one who's gonna say we're
gonna come down hard on you but what I
think part of my goal is to prove to
people that progressive politics is
winning politics
right good policy is good politics right
but you've gotta sell it you've got to
explain to people what it's all about
you know I'm just here's the thing where
I'm at with the DNC
I can't come down on people with a
doctrinaire position but I will continue
to advocate how I feel of what's
important
it might answering your question cuz I
really have to yeah yeah yeah look so I
understand that you're in a very tough
position because you're very progressive
and and and some of your incumbents are
not they're just not right and so you've
got a support is the Deputy Chair you
get to support the DNC and you got to
support folks and you know I don't know
how they come out on on primers actually
let's so look I get that you're a policy
wise you you're trying to push them in
the right direction right the best you
can so let me just focus a little bit
more on the primary issue as a matter of
policy of the DNC if there is a primary
between a Democratic incumbent and a
Democrat who's challenging them in a
primary what do you guys take sides do
you support the incumbent or do you just
say hey we support them equally and good
luck to both who the latter we got to
stay out of that we cannot get in a
primary not for an incumbent not for
anybody and let me just tell you this as
a politician as somebody who stands for
election and I'm an incumbent I always
tell people folks aren't trying to
insult you by filing in a race that you
hold a seat in this is a chance for you
to tell everybody what a great job
you've been doing this is a chance for
you to be to run and to re is to
reestablish why you should win so don't
look at some Democrat running against
you as some horrible thing look at it as
a chance for you to say hey y'all look
at my report card I've been I've been
getting good marks reelect me so that's
it Sweeney the attitudinal change about
that I I gotta admit to you Jake I've
talked to a lot of friends who said P
believe that guy filed against me I'm
like yes so what you know if you're
doing a good job and you're telling your
story you gotta bleed them you're gonna
be a bright guy beat him anyway but but
but Ernie but don't be afraid to re win
your seat
you know it's important and and and and
I don't say to anybody he loses
election is no dishonour you're right
it's really not if you take a position
principal position that you believe in
and it's gonna help people and is good
for our country upholding our
Constitution and as a result of that
vote you lose well then there's a lot of
things out here to do but don't ever
sell yourself out because you you may
lose anyone will lose your election
anyway and now you lost your election
and you voted against your own
conscience which is a double whammy so
that's kind of how I feel about it man
the DNC as long as I'm around will never
be involved in getting in the middle of
primaries but you know but then there's
the pragmatic situation too you know
you've got some folks who if we lose
that seat if we lose the if that person
loses that primary are they gonna lose
that seat which is kind of a scary
proposition because at the end of the
day we got to have somebody we you know
we got to have majority so it's not what
you're asking me is not an easy call
right it is a tough call but we tell
people to run hard stay close to your
constituents look after your people put
them first and then after that you've
done all you can do but as you said
earlier my take is that a progressive
position is a winning position so I
agree you know so I think that if a more
progressive candidate wins even if
they're not the incoming they're not
more likely to lose general election
they're more likely to win a general
election you know you know you know who
would probably agree with you on that as
a guy named Rick Nolan now Rick Nolan
comes from a very tight district in
northern Minnesota he comes from a
conservative district which is just
about 50/50 he's a great member of the
progressive caucus and he's been winning
he's been beating this gazillionaire
named Stuart Mill's I hate to say the
guys name but well you know but Rick
Dees the pants off of them and and and
so I think that you know progressive
politics is a winner I mean and but you
know you can't always convince people of
that and sometimes I think to get the
money to win you got to go do what the
folks who have the money want you to say
and sometimes medicare-for-all in
minimum wage you're not top of their
list yeah
I mean but look there congressman Allen
that is the heart of the problem so if
you're focused on
donors desires then then you lose track
of the voters I mean every fifty eight
percent of the country says they want
Medicare for all fifty three percent say
they want a government takeover of
health care that's right you know these
are new times you know 77 percent are in
favor of Medicare so you know a campaign
that says let us into Medicare why is it
only for 65 year olds and above let us
into Medicare is a winning campaign but
if your donors say that they don't want
it and then you listen to them that is
not winning strategy that's not
pragmatic that's a losing strategy
that's what I tell them that is what I
tell them and I think you're absolutely
right but we got a we got to continue to
prove our case Jake you know we've got a
I think one of the again you know the
reason I you know I asked you to come on
the show is because I what I like what
you guys are saying about that you know
winning politics and winning policy
being the same thing and looking at we
can go further didn't further than that
what about issues around you know sane
sensible rules or guns what about
staying sensible stuff on marijuana laws
and drug laws I mean winning the public
approval of these issues is high even
the minimum wage was winning in
Republican states and you know some
folks were reluctant to get in on it cuz
the you know the chamber the US chamber
didn't like it so my thing is remember
who you're there to serve you're there
to serve the public interests not the
private gain and long as you keep clear
on who you're serving you shouldn't come
to the right answer yeah boy I think you
really really hit on the main issue
there so as vice chair of the DNC it's
not in the bylaws so how much power do
you have if there's a disagreement how
does that work out can you say no let's
spend more money on this race less money
on this race or let's stay neutral or
not stay neutral in a primary right how
does that work out well in terms of
neutrality in the primaries that's the
policy of the organization all we got to
do is live up to it right in and and you
know that's just that's the fact in
terms of my own role I can tell you that
Perez and I have been working together
very very well you know I tell you this
Jake before either one of us jumped into
this race we were friends
he was the Department of Labor I was
fighting for labor issues all the time
we worked together on stuff all the time
during the race you noticed we weren't
crashing on each other we weren't trying
to tear each other down you there were a
lot of debates and it was never any ugly
and now we're working together very well
and so you know tom has been running all
over the country trying to help us get
the money we need working on the
internal mechanics of the organization
I've been working on something called
Democrats live which is a weekly
livestream that we do every every week
and be great to have you on one day but
and also I've been leading this
resistance summer effort and got a few
other little projects we're working on
too but we've been working together
cooperatively now the truth is both Tom
and I are reformers we're trying to take
an organization that was battleground
state oriented an organization that was
focused on TV and raising big money and
that's it now we're trying to go more
grassroots so we're both trying to you
know change the institution and so you
know obviously we've got to stay in
touch and communicate a lot to do that
and I can tell you I can look you right
now and tell you my opinions have been
valued and respected although you know I
don't get everything I want exactly as I
want it but that's what it means to be
on the team if you won the DNC race
would you have made Tom Perez your vice
chair yeah sure I mean Tom's a great guy
man I mean I gotta tell you he's one of
my favorite numbers of the
administration I mean he was he he was a
he was a great labor secretary you know
in in in that and he distinguished
himself all the time and the way he
stood up for working people so I mean
you know so I mean whether it's on the
fiduciary rule whether it's on the the
paid you know wage theft issue or
whatever we work together a lot so a
last question for you then congressman
Ellison so there's one last dynamic in
the DNC and I think you made a
compelling case for
you know Tom Perez does what DNC share
traditionally does raise money etc and
you're doing the grassroots and that
that's a powerful combination but but
there were forces within the Democratic
Party that opposed you and opposed you
in that race in a in an ugly kind of way
there was a smear campaign against you
on the you know the Louis Farrakhan
issue among yeah remember yes
so now looked at it appears that that
was led by the Obama administration so
how do you reconcile that I mean after
after they'd run a campaign like that
against you and how do you go back and
work with those folks well here's here's
how I look at this date man I tried out
for playing quarterback and the coach
said we want the other guy to play it
but we want you to play running back I
said fine I'll play running back I'm
trying to I'm trying to be on a winning
team that's what I'm trying to do
because at the end of the day Jake when
Democrats lose elections bad things
happen to people you look people are
bought they're trying to strip health
care from 22 million people they would
if they could
they just jacked us out of the Paris
climate Accords I mean if it's bad the
Trump administration is doing it so in
my opinion the most important thing for
me to do is focus on what's good for the
American people get on the team and
contribute the best way that I can if I
keep it in my heart that somebody did me
dirty I can't focus on what the people
need now I'm gonna tell you this Tom
Perez has always been decent enough
straight up with me and I respect him if
there's other folks out there who
weren't that way I don't I don't pay
them any mind I focused on keep the eyes
on the prize and what is that that is
making sure that we have liberty and
justice for all
that no matter what color you are no
matter what religion you are no matter
who you love you could get treated
equally and that we make sure that the
average American the working people of
this country have an economy that serves
them too and so you know that's where
I'm focused at so you ask me how do I
deal with some of that mess and you know
let's be honest it was some mess right
there was yep
I just I just don't just keep my focus
on the urgency of the moment and what
the average American family is dealing
with and that and that allows me to
continue to work as hard as I can all
right congressman keith Ellison thank
you so much for joining us on The Young
Turks really appreciate it and thank you
for giving us rare encouraging news
about the DNC if you want me back I'll
come back Jake but thank you guys and
thank your whole crew and all you guys
you guys are the bomb so thank you very
much all right thank you
we appreciate
you
