there's a protest happening in New York
City outside of Fox News it's a hundred
hour protest and it's by a group called
reef refuse fascism org and let's go
ahead and talk to one of the organizers
son Sarah Taylor because that's are you
there hey I'm I am all right hearing
from the Fox fascist news network how
are you okay I'm good we all hate
fascism that's for sure and Donald Trump
is certainly one of my least favorite
politicians of all time
tell us what you guys are doing what's
happening so yeah we're about 60 hours
into a 100 long hour night and day 24/7
protests here in front of the fascist
Fox News Network because it is the main
propaganda arm of the Trump pense regime
which is a fascist regime it's a danger
to humanity we are out here in dining
their lies we are interacting with the
people on the streets of New York
thousands and thousands of people from
all over the world and we're building
momentum and involving people towards
protests at the end of the 100 hours
across this country on July 15th to
demand that the Trump pence regime must
go in the name of humanity we refuse to
accept a fascist America we refuse to
accept the Muslim ban the attacks on
civil liberties the roundups and
detentions and tearing apart of millions
and millions of immigrant families
immigrants are full human beings are not
illegal they're not rapist Muslims are
full human beings women are full human
beings we are here because science
matters and climate change is real and
trump has put a climate change denier in
charge of the epa that could destroy the
whole planet and we are here because the
lesson of history is that you have to
stop fascism before it is too late
before it's consolidated and there's a
lot of people who hate Trump I count
myself among them there's millions and
millions who are grotesque like
disgusted by what this regime is doing
and many have protested and that's
righteous but if we don't come together
with a single unifying demand to drive
them from power not in two years not in
four years then we are complicit with
the consolidation of fascism in the sole
superpower on the planet and even Hitler
did not have nuclear weapons this
is so dangerous Trump pants sessions the
whole regime so we are out here
protesting at Fox building momentum for
July 15th which itself is a further
launching point to the days when very
soon we're fighting for this to happen
when millions take to the streets and
stay in the streets and drive this
fascist regime from power in the name of
humanity what happens so let's say
you're successful and Trump and pence
resign who becomes president then Paul
Ryan correct well I'll tell you if you
go through the normal procedures that
will first of all never happen because
there's no will to do that in Congress
and yeah if that unrealistic scenario
played out you'd have Paul Ryan but what
we're talking about is an upsurge from
below it changes the calculus of every
force in society including among the
rulers and I will say that when you look
at the kind of upheaval and protest and
resistance from below that was part of
the mix not the only factor but part of
the mix that led to houston nixon they
had to actually shift directions and
they got rid of the vice-president
before they got rid of nixon they they
all of a sudden new mechanisms opened up
because of the demand of the people and
what we're saying is that we have to
open up new space and new possibility
through the mass determined resistance
of millions I guess my question is who
do you want to reach so if let's just
who would you rather see president right
now I mean every Republican the party as
a whole denies climate change denies
science so I mean by the way that the
Democrats also are at the you know
they're the ones they're the reason why
we're exporting natural gas right now
because Barack Obama repealed the
regulations against exporting fossil
fuels and that's why we have the keys
that's why in fact in fact in California
right now they just installed a
pharmaceutical lobbyists as the
Democratic Party's chairman and the
Democrats are killing single-payer while
Jerry Brown is Pro fracking so I guess
my point is is it a little narrow your
focus isn't the problem really the
corruption inside both parties and the
government itself if we get rid of
Donald Trump he's just a symptom of the
problem he's not the
problem right well I have to take apart
what you're saying cuz there's different
elements
first of all I've been no fan and I
continue to be no fan of the Democratic
Party but as many crimes as I believe
and I speak for myself and that refused
fascism has a multitude of views but as
many crimes as I recognize that that
Obama carried out against immigrants and
keeping Guantanamo open in open opening
up more deep-sea drilling and other
things which I think are very dangerous
and harmful to humanity we have to be
real Donald Trump is a qualitative
worsening he is a qualitative change in
the form of rule this is Mike Pence
Donald Trump Jeff sessions are actually
fascist I don't use that word as an
insult I use it scientifically they
crimped I mean the body slamming of CNN
I'm no fan of CNN but putting out a
video of body slamming a journalist and
the whole news network
of have shooting them out of the sky Top
Gun style this is this is an outright
fascist move Robbie
they know anybody in power who disagrees
with them and so what we're saying is
first of all we have to recognize that
there's something qualitatively
different and dangerous that has a
limited shelf life before the window to
stop it is closed that we have to rise
up and as opposed to picking among the
existing options within the pack the
halls of power which Republican would
you rely on which Democrat would you
rely on they are all terrible they are
all terrible I'm talking about creating
a situation where the people are aroused
and organized in their Millions first of
all to drive this regime out and second
of all whatever comes after that you
will have a situation where people have
changed who we are what we are willing
to put up with and what we are capable
of demanding and wrenching out of this
situation it's a very different
situation that will be created through
our action
hey MSNBC just hired Megan Kelly to make
sure Santa Claus stays white if you're
sick of that kind of bullshit lefty
corporatism from the news support
aggressive progressives right here at
the Young Turks Network you become a
member for $10 a month it gets you
access to the whole show we do an hour
every week and it gets you access to all
the other member benefits at the Young
Turks stick your thumb in the eye of the
corporate news and become a member of
TYT now we're go to tea white tea
network.com slash join find out what
it's all about
