Republicans have a lot of theories about
what's ruining our country Muslims
Mexicans the gays comprehensive sex
education health care for all and even
yours truly the media but their latest
culprit holding America back from being
great again is none other than the evil
conspiracy of education you heard me
right a majority of Republicans think
that education specifically higher
education is ruining our country I'm
Hanna Cranston college educated and
about to school Republicans on this
backwards way of thinking
according to a recent Pew Research
Center survey 58% of gia peers think
that colleges and universities are
having a negative effect on the nation
but the most interesting part of this
survey is that one asked the same
question only two years ago only 37% of
Republicans thought trying to get a
degree was the bane of our country's
existence and while that number is still
astoundingly high a 57 percent increase
in just 24 months is a little
frightening so why the big jump well we
can't know for sure but there are some
trends that may play a role in recess
Incans perception of higher education
first our schoolyard bully in chief I
love the poorly educated has spoken out
against the elites aka people who went
to college even though he went to an Ivy
League university himself and has
proposed budget cuts of numerous
education programs and of course
appointed anti public school pro student
loan debt and severely under qualified
Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education
but Trump isn't the principal problem
here it seems like the far right thinks
of our colleges and universities as a
vector to advance the liberal agenda not
sure if they know that just because
school describes itself as a liberal
arts college doesn't mean they're
teaching the art of being liberal much
of the rights rhetoric attacks us
snowflakes for our triggered responses
and alleges that universities promote
and perpetuate our liberalism in recent
years as more protests broke out on
campuses across the country speaking out
against rape culture bigoted speakers
and police brutality the right spoke out
too against these protests across the
country they used college students are
finally emerging from their safe zones
into the glare of daylight with bull
horns and signs in their hands at least
80 colleges are now staging anti-trump
protests
when students wanted a safe space to
avoid racist costumes or anti lgbtq+
treatment the Wright wanted a space to
spew their bigotry on their own safe
Channel well unfortunately this kind of
over sensitivity is happening all over
the country we've got students for
example at Pomona College who think that
the truth is racist and that free speech
is oppressive because apparently having
empathy for those who come from a
different background than you is a bad
thing and perpetuates a PC culture that
tries to squash the use of racial slurs
how dare they but even if we move away
from the right social issues with
colleges and universities that don't
factor in the vast number of other
benefits higher education offers like
debate diverse perspectives and exposure
to others beyond your bubble there are
actually some economic benefits to
college which is something I thought
Republicans cared about according to the
US Census Bureau as people acquire more
degrees
their average annual earnings increase
as well so while the average high school
dropout makes only about $18,000 a year
the average college graduate makes more
than twice that which is ironic since
Republican policy usually favors the
rich not to mention that higher
education is correlated with greater
life satisfaction better health and more
civic involvement but maybe that
increased civic involvement is the
source of Republicans antagonism towards
higher education because not only do
college educated people vote at almost
twice the rate of those with only a high
school diploma but they also tend to
vote more liberal maybe the gops biggest
issue with education is that it leads
people to lean more left not because
they're being indoctrinated by PC police
officers cleverly disguised as tweed
jacket clad professors but because
they're exposed to things like science
and facts and encouraged to engage in
critical thinking nope obviously college
isn't for everyone
and there are definitely socio-economic
gaps that put higher education out of
reach for some Americans but the
solution isn't less education unless
that is if you are enrolled in a
for-profit college like Trump University
then you're gonna want to get the fuck
out of there well thanks for watching
TYT I'm Hannah Cranston and be sure to
follow me at
Creighton's then
