Rick Perry is dumb in so many different
ways he's the former governor of Texas
when he was going to take over the
Department of Energy he thought it was
to be an ambassador for the oil and gas
companies no that's not what the
Department of Energy does of course you
wouldn't be representing companies you
represent American citizens you schmuck
but it's an Department of Energy mainly
it has to deal with the nuclear weapons
not oil and gas he's so monumentally
stupid but on the other day on Friday he
said you know you got simple laws laws
of supply and demand and more supply you
have good more demand but that's not
remotely true anybody who's singing one
day of econ 101 would know that that's
not true
laws of supply and demand dictate what
price you'll have based on how much
supply and how much demand there's no
such thing as home more supply gives you
more demand okay these are the
knuckleheads who run our country and so
it is deeply frustrating that they have
any effect whether it's the effect he
had on increased abortions because of
decreased funding for Planned Parenthood
in Texas or what he's doing with energy
or his dumbass ideas about supply and
demand as it relates to coal in that
particular instance help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
