Donald Trump is apparently interested in
finding out about the real issues that
real Americans care about unfiltered
from all of that mainstream media BS and
so if you're one of the lucky few on his
email listserv you might have received
an email including a section like this
politicians have spent too much time
bickering and not enough time listening
so today we're turning off that awful
blistering noise of Washington instead I
want to hear from you I want to hear
from the American heartland the real
America that lives outside of the DC
media fantasy world because outside of
DC it's just the heartland there's
nothing else there's no coasts with our
six-month mark approaching I want you to
take the listening to America survey to
tell me the true sentiments concerns and
interests of real America that's that
the whole message there was a whole lot
of bashing of the media and saying that
you can't trust the media and all that
but then you click on the link and you
go to the survey I think that we can
help him out here in just a second but I
want to give you an idea of the sort of
questions that are in this survey some
of them are you know sort of normal
things you expect from a right-winger
have excessive government regulations
rules and red tape burden do you
personally
probably not but okay they want to find
out it more about that do you think
universities today indoctrinate rather
than teach students there you're getting
into slightly more questionable
territory do you trust the media Wow
well we know that they probably don't
defer on is listserv do you find the
news to be generally a to negative /
hateful they love that hateful media
yeah so it's called the listening to
America survey but what this is is a
classic push poll yes so a push poll is
designed to get you to try to to get you
to think one way while posing it as a
question so in the old days you would
have had half of these questions with
the Republican Party anyway you distrust
an immediate Center
well the Trump team adds extra words to
it like you find the media to be hateful
they wouldn't say that in the past now
though Trump's like oh they they're only
criticizing me because they hate ya
right so they're taking that Trump
talking point and pushing it through
their poll while they're trying to
figure out what you want yeah or their
while they're listening to you no the
whole point is to talk to you
and some of it again seems to be leading
in that direction do you feel that you
cannot publicly admit that you support
Trump well though that one's an
interesting question it's an interesting
question I think there should be a bit
of shame but that's fine and they're
certainly going to lead to more people
feeling like that after seeing the
question English is currently not
recognized as the official language of
the United States do you think it should
be so this again this is about the real
issues that real Americans care about
but it's not just questions there is
actually an opportunity for the people
who do this survey to drive back so if
you bring this up you're gonna see
there's a text field there what else do
you think the president needs to know
about the real America we're listening
now the interesting thing about Trump is
that he doesn't seem to know much about
anything especially America and the
issues that matter to it most
considering what he's likely to do on
taxes his approach to climate change
what they're doing potentially to health
care even as we speak and so look he
wants to ask about English as the
official language and whether all the
media shouldn't be trusted but there are
some big issues out there and
theoretically if you go to GOP comm
slash listening to America surveys where
I put the link right there you can fill
that out and we can give him some
suggestions for real issues and he
should be focusing on what he needs to
know about real America and not just his
portrayal of it on Twitter these are
meant to be touch points on cultural
issues that actually don't have anything
to do with your life but that get to the
core gur identity and make you emotional
so how many times have you had a real
issue with English as the official
language I've had it sometimes when I'm
in Miami I do get frustrated that at
least 50% of that particular City speaks
Spanish and and some percentage speak
only Spanish so I have trouble
communicating now it's not my country
it's not my city solely right I love
Miami but other people live in it so
they know they speak Spanish I speak
English you could say that's a sad day
for me set it for them I don't want to
dictate that that's the official
language but my point is even if you are
from time to time frustrated by it as I
am I wish we would all speak one
language but that's a wish right
that is a miniscule ish
it's happened to me in my life
particularly because of Miami but seven
times right and if you live in Kansas
how many times it happened to you where
you're like there we go again with
tagalog yeah I need English here
everybody here who's speaking always are
due to her do urge you I can't you know
if I hear one more person talking
Swahili I'm out of here okay I'm gonna
move out of Topeka so this is not a real
issue but it gets you to go to America
speak English man that goes to my
identity I'm angry I don't know what I'm
angry at but I'm angry but in terms of
what actually affects your life Jesus
whether you you know how high your
premium is your copay whether you have
health care with someone in your family
gets sick oh my god that is monumentally
important totally but the point of these
so-called issues is to distract you from
that and part of the reason that people
do distractions and they do it like in a
heist for example is so you don't see
them taking the money out from the other
end of the building yeah and so the tax
cuts that are coming are so gigantic and
so exclusively for the rich that they
want you to worry about things that
don't matter at all while they pull off
that heist help us fill the independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
