Game of Thrones this coming winter is
coming so what we're gonna do
it's one of our more popular things that
we do on the TYT Network we do it on
what the flick we do reviews of it so
this year we're back to doing reviews
live so we will be watching the episode
with you guys that's at 9 o'clock
Eastern 9 p.m. Eastern it starts this
Sunday and and so we'll watch the show
together your you'll be watching at home
will be watching here we can't show you
the screen obviously but you'll see our
reaction and the famous Oberyn vs. the
mountain that was a bit of a legendary
reaction and and then we're gonna review
it right after the show we will have to
take a quick break to reset up for the
for the review so basically at 9:00
11:00 p.m. Eastern Sunday night now
normally you'd be able to watch that
live on both facebook.com slash what the
flick and you will this time to and
youtube.com slash what the flick show
but for the first one on the 17th we are
going to put it live on on the main
channel youtube.com slash tyt okay so
everybody check that out it is going to
be bananas and all of our rowdy friends
here some of the top hosts of the
network all participating in the games
of thrones reviews which starts this
Sunday at 9 o'clock Eastern yeah not
only is it gonna be awesome and much
anticipate it's been far too long since
last season but I think especially with
what's happened since the last season in
our country we need it we need we need
gamers we need you Jon Snow
although nothing maybe he just know the
original Donald Trump he knows nothing
mavey keeps going around nobody knew the
wildlings were this complicated TYT
membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
