hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected simultaneously
browse the web with no limits and take
77% off when you sign up at Nord VPN
comm slash tyt or use the code tyt last
year there was a huge debate about
whether or not Donald Trump actually
made fun of a reporter who had a
disability if you can recall he had
mocked this disabled reporter while he
was campaigning and unfortunately I'm
gonna have to show you that video again
take a look written by a nice reporter
now the poor guy you gotta see this guy
oh I don't know what I said I don't
remember he's gonna like I don't
remember the old baby that's what I said
he was talking about Sergey Kowalewski
that was the reporter who was disabled
now I remind you of that because today
there was an op-ed written by someone
who actually worked very closely with
Donald Trump for a long time her name is
Barbara res she's a for former longtime
Trump Organization executive and she
says that Donald Trump didn't want to
have Braille available in the elevators
of Trump Tower okay Trump ordered an
architect to get rid of the effing
Braille as the Manhattan skyscraper was
being constructed in the early 1980s
okay so he had allegedly told the
architect the following no blind people
are going to live in Trump Tower just do
it Trump told the unidentified man who
was showing him what the interior of the
residential elevator cabs would look
like so at that point of course the
architect told him uh we know we can't
do that that's illegal and so he then
went on to berate this architect as
being weak and and you know just do it
now of course the architect didn't
listen but another interesting thing
that Barbara's
in her op-ed by the way this isn't the
New York Daily News if you want to check
it out for yourselves
she said that he viewed architects as
week whereas construction workers were
strong so I want to read those quotes
because they're amazing
so this is a person who worked with
Trump for a long time she explained
Trump sought architects and engineers
where week is compared to construction
people now let's just think about how
maniacally stupid that is okay and how
do you know if an engineer is strong or
weak who calls engineers week I mean
that is literally what I mean I know I'm
used to Donald Trump and he said some
unbelievable things that we should be
used to it by now and and I it's not
just when he was making about the same a
reporter if you were he was trying to
honor the people who had been in the
Paralympics and he couldn't help himself
he's like oh they're brave they're good
it's a little tough to watch oh for
God's sake right it's unbelievable right
but but even so I'm surprised that
anyone anyone even someone this stupid
izella trouble with the engineers are
weak little own architects let alone
anybody but in any profession but I love
engineers why you have to use logic you
have to do the whole job you can't half
build a bridge okay and physics is
non-negotiable yeah okay these are all
reasons he would hate engineers he is
divorced from logic and from physics I
have to take issue with one thing
Anderson there was not a debate as to
whether he made fun of that reporter he
made fun of that reporter you saw it and
I saw oh I know people said no he didn't
that's not a debate that's you live in
denial if I say this is a cup and
someone tells me it's a football we're
not having a debate no you're crazy I'm
teasing you I know you know that I don't
know what it was about that particular
controversy it made me crazy well
because you see it with your own eyes
you don't and they tell you no no that's
not what you're seeing but that's the
that's his genius and that's why I no
longer have political arguments with his
supporters because it transcends
politics there's a strong cult of
personality around
man that that that leeches into a cult
think I'm not exaggerating and I don't
think you can I don't think you can tell
somebody that he was making fun of a
reporter I don't think I could tell Tom
Cruise you can't really heal somebody
with your hands I don't think I can tell
my mother that you're you know gonna go
to a cave full of fire if you meet a
snake on a Friday these people have
these beliefs we'll have these beliefs
and that's where it goes - yeah yeah
they're deeply invested in these
believes them and once you bring logic
into it you are talking another language
so I want to give you more quotes from
Barbara rez who worked with Trump for
all that time and and they really go to
his character because some people think
oh he might have dementia or something
and he's losing his mind
no he never had a mine in the first
place and he's always been a bad guy and
he's always been on intelligent so she
says quote he loved to torment weak
people a sociopath someone who has no
empathy right and malignant clinical
narcissists they write books about it
these books if he was a car the hit the
the medical journal with the handbook of
the cynthy the traits of clinical
malignant narcissism would be the book
in the glove compartment that showed you
how the car worked that's right and and
by the way if you look up to him what
does that say to you about you but let's
continue here for it with her comments
he would say whatever came into his head
ordering and underling to do something
that was impossible gave Trump the
opportunity to castigate a subordinate
and also blame him for anything that
went wrong why god that's like exactly
what's happening now and by the way one
of the reasons why people in the White
House are ignoring his orders she said
oh people would ignore his orders all
the time back then because he thought
well he's ordering me to do something
illegal I'm not gonna do that
or some things would be preposterous
absolutely ridiculous of course we can't
do that
but he knew that you would ignore some
portion of his orders and that was part
of the plan so that later because it
wasn't my fault
his whole life is structured around
saying was it me was it me I mean look
what he's doing with Puerto Rico right
now today as we speak right it wasn't me
it was the dead
it was supporter eco it was saying I
think this I think what he said today
goes in the in the Charlottesville
basket I think this is in the top five
the 3,000 people who died didn't die
it's insane I mean it's like this isn't
an argument this is a cup this is a cup
they're dead yeah you know and you
there's and you can't argue with that
you know it's like I'm a parent European
I've always had that there what if my
child just didn't believe or do anything
I told it to just blade you know what if
my baby pulls a gun on me
what am I gonna do you know it's that's
what you're dealing with well so that
soon as kind of a shorter baby with a
gun kind of but with nukes so but
seriously I mean he's King Joffrey and
and so Bob Woodward said my god what
happens if we have a crisis like what he
means is that Cuban Missile Crisis type
of thing but but we've had a lot of
crises we've had hurricanes we saw how
that turn out we're having one right now
god help the people in the Carolinas and
in the last one in your barber race says
to an extent Trump has always relied on
people not to follow his most ridiculous
orders but now think about that in a
crisis if you're working for the
president and you don't quite know which
order you're supposed to follow and
which one you're not supposed to follow
and you know you're gonna get blamed
either way but what do you do
you perla paralysis sets in and if we
ever crisis and no one knows do I follow
the president's order or do I not follow
the president's order does he expect me
to follow it or does he expect me not to
follow it well you're gonna have an
absolute disaster on your hands the
whole presidency is a disaster but if we
get a real crisis no one's gonna know
what to do inside that White House and
it is going to be one of the worst
things we've ever seen right and I never
thought I would say this because in any
other situation they're not the good
guys but I mean think about Jim mattis
not following through on orders that
Trump had crazy orders that Trump had
think about Gary Cohn you know taking
documents off of Trump's desk before he
can sign them because it would be
terrible these are not people that we
use
we agree with but the bad guys happened
to actually be the adults in the room
when it comes to Trump and it's
terrifying yeah we have had this happen
before when Woodrow Wilson was in a coma
his wife was the president for a while
towards the end of the Nixon presidency
he would call up people and like stop
supporting the lera and hang out and
Henry Kissinger would just ignore it but
this is the first time and that I think
we have had someone that is clearly
mentally ill in the office of the
presidency and people go along with it
yeah he thinks this is another quote
that just came out that the defensive
here Jim mattis his nickname is Mad Dog
he's like nah he's not crazy enough his
nickname for him is moderate dog when
you have a guy who's a general name Mad
Dog and you don't think he's crazy
enough there's some chance you're the
crazy one so that's the situation where
it on the go don't worry we got you
covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
the Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
