so this morning I interviewed Senator
Joe Manchin from West Virginia and we
had a very full conversation about a lot
of the issues including the minimum wage
legalization of drugs campaign finance
reform Medicare for all so please check
it out it's on youtube.com slash tyt but
I want to give you one snippet of it
here because I thought what he said was
very interesting and I was surprised by
it I was it was unexpected to me I asked
him about his donors let's begin to
watch that portion on the enemy but you
voted to repeal the stream protection
rule and your top donor is first energy
that one again in some degree trouble
for putting arsenic and upon it seems
like they would benefit from the repeal
of that regulation so did that have
anything to do with your vote no thanks
I know it's hard to believe I know it's
hard for people to I don't have any idea
who gives me money I don't solicit from
the standpoint that you do this for me
quid pro quo that's never been me that's
not my political mantra at all so okay
quid pro quo I understand as I'm about
to explain there but you don't know who
your donors are curious let's keep going
senator Manchin I want to show you a
graphic your graphic one and then if we
can to as well but let's start with one
this is the list of your top donors I I
thought you said that you don't I
understand that you said you don't do
quid pro quo that that was clear yeah
but you know who your top donors are
right I do not you don't know who your
top donors are I do not you show me
something I've never seen okay so this
is from open secrets I know you have
Jenks I know that it's hard for anyone
to believe I do not I have to never have
okay well I gotta be honest intervention
that is hard to believe and the reaction
so far online to that has been suffice
to say that the audience also finds it
hard to believe now it might be that you
know he doesn't know their specific
names I will even I came to say it's so
easy
go to fundraisers right yeah I mean
didn't you all those people that you got
donations from you never figured out who
they were from they never told you that
where they're from or they told you but
you immediately forgot and campaign
donations are a huge part of why you
think you've got an advantage and how
Washington thinks overall who's got more
money who is good more likely to win and
by the way that's the reality too
unfortunately and that's why you need
campaign finance reform whoever has more
money as a 95 percent chance of winning
in congressional elections so if he
doesn't know who his donors are well he
might be getting a call from them today
saying wait a minute did I just give you
all that money you're telling me you
don't even know who I am okay so that's
not normally how it works but let's keep
going your small individual
contributions make up only one percent
of the money coming in from 2013 to 2018
into your campaigns so 99% big-money 1%
small money so I wonder if you're for
getting big money out of politics I it's
a literal question yeah or do you think
the current system is fine although the
current system is not fine the current
systems destroyed the politics or the
government as we know how we go through
this process of electing people the dark
money coming in is horrible there's not
the money of the candidates runs forget
about that Jake's that money's not going
to make a difference in who wins and who
loses it's the dark money coming in that
we have no control whatsoever
you know citizens united is absolutely
destroying our country it should be
outlawed it should be done away with it
should have never come into being so do
you think there should be public
financing instead of private financing
of Elections try public finance when I
was governor of West Virginia supported
it absolutely would you be in favor and
amendment to get money out of politics
absolutely okay it's you talk about
money being the root of all evils in
politics is destroying politics as we
know it well that's great news
I didn't know that he was in favor of
that in that sense look there's this
part that I disagree with him there
which is I think the money they directly
contribute to politicians is also a
problem yes the dark money is a huge
problem because they don't know where
it's coming from but the money where we
know where it's coming from it's also
problem yeah okay it's coming from the
Koch brothers and then you wind up doing
things that help to cope
I don't mean senator Manchin himself
although he was part of Alec and that is
it's a group that where they write
legislation worker several lawmakers and
funded by corporations so you know where
it's coming from in that sense and you
know the results of what Alec pushes for
which is though pro corporate policies
that that are meaning that help their
donors so I'm worried about the dark
money and the money where we can see
where it's coming from I'm worried about
both of it but the fact that he wants to
do something about it if you take him at
his word at that that's good news so
let's die one last bit here into how he
wants to deal with money in politics in
his campaign and find that out one way
to go is how your primary opponent Paul
or gene Swearengen is going which is to
say I'm going to forsake the big money
overall I'm just only going to take
small money contributions have you
considered that for yourself Center
mansions I haven't been in control of
the money from we go out in campaign and
we go out for solicitation like every
other competitive campaign and we're
going online I've not been online so I
need to get online to get more of the
individual contributions I'm very
appreciative from $1 on up and then the
state it's a thousand but in them
Daytona US Senate or the congressional
its 2700 dollars per person is the top
amount per cycle and there's not rain
people in West Virginia they can do
anywhere near that senator people
basically they give what they desire to
give so no he will not be forsaking big
donor money for now so check out the
rest of the interview lots of
interesting answers in there get a much
better sense of who senator Manchin is
and I asked him about not only the
policies but different parts of his
record and how he feels about
progressives Bernie Sanders etc so
youtube.com slash tyt will put a link
down below as well but his answer on on
whether he knows who his donors are and
whether that affects them well you have
the answer what you do with that answer
and how much you believe it is up to you
watch the young turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
