Donald Trump jr. Donald Trump senior
well it's a tough question as to who's
got more issues with intelligence let's
put it that way both of the graphic puts
it a little harsher and so will our poll
in a second so hold for that but to give
you the context now you know all the
crazy things that Donald Trump senior is
said that make you question his
intelligence things like nobody knew
healthcare was this complicated nobody
knew it I just discovered it and nobody
knew what North Korea was complicated
no you schmuck we all knew it was
complicated let alone the third grade
reading level that he has let alone the
fact that now they've got his
presidential daily briefing is not just
down to a page they handed it with a
page with pictures and graphs now it's
down to tweet length explanations for so
that's the dad on the other hand we have
the son and we found out the son stumble
bumbled into a meeting with the russians
goes up yeah I'd love to get secret
information that the Russian government
has and use it in the campaign right so
now let's find out a White House
officials are frustrated by that so they
talk to The Daily Beast and they said
this is the sum of all fear stuff it's
what we've all been dreading now they've
been dreading it for a number of reasons
one because maybe some of them already
knew that they had colluded with the
Russians and maybe it's because they
knew they had a time bomb an
intellectual talking bomb with Donald
Trump jr. on their hands so here are
some devastating quotes the series of
revelations surrounding Trump juniors
communications with Russian officials
have damaged his standing within the
president's political inner circle now
that is an understatement given what
comes next as The Daily Beast reported
on Sunday opinion of Trump's eldest son
among some of trumps senior aides both
past and present is vanishingly low so
their opinion of him is already
vanishingly low barely exists this made
it even worse okay since the campaign
apana there behind his back nickname
from Trump jr. among three advisors has
been Fredo
referring to Fredo Corleone the insecure
and
failure of a son in the Godfather series
who ends up causing major damage to the
family ah
Fredo indeed okay those are not my words
those are people that work for Donald
Trump inside the White House okay they
say over the past week one senior White
House official and a former top Trump
campaign aide both independently and
bluntly described the president's son as
an idiot I get enough of this story
all right so by the way they noted while
they wrote that article as of noon
Tuesday he had yet to tweet out Donald
Trump's senior had yet to tweet out a
single defense of his eldest son and
it's not like he's shy about tweeting
and in that time he'd been tweeting
about many things
finally a tweet arrived or a statement
arrived from Donald Trump's senior
saying my son is a high quality person
and I applaud his transparency so
nothing defending him on the Russian
allegations at all and that is not a
usual Donald Trump tweet usually comes
in with so everybody else is sad and
they're all babies and everything is
phony and fake and my son is awesome and
he's the smartest here no no somebody
wrote this for him and it's boy it is
this really weak defense which is he's
high quality and at least he's
transparent it's almost a way of saying
at least we now all know how stupid he
is it used to just be a family secret
okay so with that background we bring
you a very important poll Tianna Turks
who is dumber Donald Trump or Donald
Trump jr. so go to tea white tea
network.com slice stupid and I this is
not an easy contest man I know the young
son's a knucklehead
and he's so stupid his dad thinks he's
stupid okay on the other hand it is hard
to get less bright than Donald Trump
so wolf this is gonna be the Thrilla and
manila okay
they probably both think oh why are we
gonna be fighting inside an envelope by
the way we had to use tea white tea
network.com slice stupid so we weren't
enough version of this bowl who's dumber
donald trump or george w bush that one
was the UI tea network.com / dumb by the
way the results are overwhelming over
21,000 people voted in that poll we put
a little poll still up you could slow
vote maybe you could swing these a
results but for the moment being seventy
nine point eight percent of people
saying no trump is even dumber than bush
bush i remember when you were the
standard bearer for stupid it's been a
long time and a whole new group of
republicans have come in to replace you
now it's senior versus junior can't wait
to see how this turns out can't wait
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm / join
