Donald Trump jr. now we know I met with
people he believed to be Russian
government officials who were gonna give
him official documents and said he was
really looking forward that meeting that
he would love it but at the time he had
claimed that oh my god these allegations
that we would meet with the Russians is
outrageous
hold for it because I'm gonna show you
the video now this video comes more than
a month after he had already met with
the Russian lawyer he already knows he
met with the Russians and it's not just
him Paul Manafort the campaign manager
was at the meeting Jared Kushner who's
now our top adviser to the president was
at the meeting a top advisor to the
president as he was running his campaign
at the time when he was candidate Trump
so we've got three big haunches of the
campaign that met with the Russians
Donald Trump jr. already knows that and
now we know it as a fact nonetheless he
goes on television has this interview
with Jake Tapper now listen to how many
times he pretends to be outraged and
calls these allegations absolute lies
here let's begin
he suggested that experts are saying
that Russians were behind both the the
leak that the hacking of the DNC emails
and their release he seemed to be
suggesting that this is part of a plot
to help Donald Trump and hurt Hillary
Clinton your response well it just goes
to show you their exact moral compass I
mean they'll say anything to be able to
win this Russian collusion in order to
hurt Hillary they'll say anything they
will win this Rob Goldstone email this
is obviously very high-level and
sensitive information but is part of
Russia and it's government support of
mr. Trump response by Donald Trump jr. I
love it that is before he did the
interview I'm not anywhere near done
here's another one I mean this is time
and time again lie after lie lie after
lie US meeting with the Russians this is
obviously very high-level and sensitive
information but as part of Russia and
its government support of mr. Trump I
love it keep it going you know here's
house cat at home once said that this is
what's happening with the Russians it's
disgusting
it's so phone it's so phony it's
disgusting the idea that we would meet
with Russians
goldstone this is obviously very high
level and sensitive information but as
part of Russia and its government
support for mr. Trump Donald Trump jr. I
love it
keep it going I watched him bumble
through the interview I was able to hear
it on audio a little bit I mean I can't
think of bigger life can save a bigger
lives
yo Rob Golson this is obviously very
high level and sensitive information but
as part of Russia and its government
support for mr. Trump I love it to say
that we would work with the Russians I
can't think of a bigger line I can't
think of a bigger lie maybe the one
you're done right now I'm not done keep
it going
that exactly goes to show you what the
DNC and what in the Clinton camp will do
they will lie and do anything to win
they will lie and do anything to win
Rob Goldstone this is obviously very
high-level and sensitive information but
as part of Russia and its government
support for mr. Trump Donald Trump jr. I
love it I will do anything to win you've
got secret information that the Russians
have I will work with our adversaries I
will take what however they procure that
information stolen or otherwise and I
will use it in my campaign can you
believe what they would do to win an
election and the lies they would tell
keep it going it's a rigged system it's
disgusting and the people should be fed
up because when I heard it I certainly
was
he was just fed up with it what a rigged
system he's got this is obviously very
high-level and sensitive information but
as part of Russia and its government
support for mr. Trump I love it I think
I have one more I don't mind a fair
fight but these lies and the
perpetuating of that kind of nonsense to
try to you know gain some political
capital is just outrageous and he should
be ashamed of himself rageous should be
ashamed of himself emails sent to the
bunch from jr. this is obviously very
high-level and sensitive information but
as part of Russia and its government's
support for a mr. Trump Donald Trump jr.
I love
it I believe that is working with the
Russians and certainly Donald Trump jr.
had every intention to meet with the
Russians to get whatever information
they had from about Hillary Clinton from
whatever sources and however they
procured that and he would go to any
lengths to win legal or not and that's
not me saying it that's him saying it in
emails he released himself saying he
loved the idea working with the Russians
to get Hillary Clinton no matter how
they got the information and then he
goes on television go so idea that we
would meet with Russians and collude
with them to get information about
Hillary good it is so funny disgusting
out there they well we now have an
excellent idea of who is in fact phony
and disgusting help us build an
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
