Amazon bought whole foods what is my
reaction when I saw the story and I get
it Amazon's buying everything so
eventually it was going to buy Whole
Foods because eventually it's going to
buy every single thing on the planet and
Amazon also never makes any money and
they make a lot of revenue and they're
giant giant corporation but they refuse
to turn a profit and so that has a lot
of implications for Whole Foods grocers
you guys certainly their competitors and
so what normal companies do is theirs
okay I do this line of business and I
try to get my revenues to be higher than
my cause I get a profit I keep it and I
or if I'm public corporation the
shareholders I pay them dividends the
executives get rich everybody's happy
and Amazon they're like no we take all
of our profits and we pour it back into
the company so we grow and grow and grow
and grow so the shareholders are still
happy because their stock prices going
up because it is the Beast that never
stops growing
so that's your overall background on
this now let's dive into whether this
particular transaction makes sense I
wrote a very long bio of the guy John
Mackey who started wholefoods yeah
he's an interesting cat there's a lot of
that I don't necessarily agree with him
on because he's a libertarian right but
a very compelling life story and he's
like well you know I'm a founder and Joe
you're a founder of a company right and
since were not corporate robots we get
to say whatever we want
and hence this show Oprah Baker and
Mackey was like he just shoot from the
hip you like him you don't like him at
least the dude was honest
I mean you had you don't or he wasn't
because you don't walk into Whole Foods
and think I think this place is so
libertarian so there's a dishonesty to
about the the approach to his business
no to be fair to him or I don't know if
this is unfair but anyway he started out
as a lib right he's a huge vegetarian
vegan he's actually vegan plus I don't
know what that is or it's got to be
vegan - I like yeah well I barely eat
err
so he eats supernatural to be fair to
him and that's how he started but then
he was selling nothing but like air at
his first store back in like 1978 when
he first started and people like we want
to buy stuff oh then he's like all right
we'll go more than vegan okay we'll go
more than that we'll go with its still
natural but they're selling a lot of
stuff that they weren't supposed to sell
in a healthy natural yet but it worked
for him and then he said he wasn't going
to sell there was an activist hedge fund
guy who was pushing him to sell because
for the first time in 35 years
they weren't their profits I dipped a
little bit a lot of debt actually I mean
yeah fixed rate bad quarters apparently
losing 14 million customers because
their competition said hey you know we
can do it also doing its selling over
there we do it for less so you had you
know big markets and Walmart and other
places selling organic food without even
proving that organic is even better I
mean there's no science behind that all
the time so yeah I mean that these were
hard times that they fell on because
competition got wind of the good things
they were doing yeah my last two data
points for this discussion is that Macke
then Turner and before he got bought by
Amazon and said Oh Amazon is not trying
to deliver groceries to your door that's
got to be Amazon's of Waterloo no they
just bought you he said he wasn't going
to sell then he was forced to sell and
now Amazon was the many of you are a fan
of hope who did I shop there from time
to time
good news for use it it might get a lot
cheaper not not the stuff Amazon doesn't
make a profit so they might literally
lower the price of the same stuff and
which is not good news for the
competitors or for the competitive
market overall this transaction needs to
be a watershed moment in progressives
attack on monopoly economics oh I think
everything about this transaction should
terrify us I think it speaks to one of
the central problems that's wrong with
the economy and it's the beginning of
the threat of all the problems that
working families face in America which
is we've become subjects of this economy
instead of partners in this economy that
we have a small number of companies that
control everything
and it feels good at a time because
we're getting cheap products but
ultimately it means that workers have
less negotiating leverage consumers of
the football team will have less choice
there are fewer jobs more jobs replaced
by robots and so I think we need to
disavow ourselves of the superficial
sugar high no pun intended that will get
some cheaper products and see this for
what it is which is a terrifying
byproduct of totally lacks antitrust and
a monopoly economy with monopoly
politics companies where they're
competitive and aren't acting as
authoritarians where they cooperate with
other participants in a marketplace that
balances the power that companies
consumers and workers have is a great
model for a democracy but a model that
we presently have where a small number
of companies control all the power
because we have no antitrust enforcement
is a terrible recipe for authoritarian
economics and authoritarian politics
which is basically what we're living
today and like I said you're not alone
because I'm going to show Dylan Ratigan
video on this but the other guy who
shares your sentiments is a guy named
Adam Smith for a while back and so
people always like out of the paper free
bar see was he also said watch out for
monopolies because they'll destroy free
markets so they always conveniently
leave that part out but before we're
done I want to ask you to just it's more
on what you were saying Joe is there a
good side to this I mean it's a failing
market having trouble competing get to
me I mean I I think of what Jeff Bezos
did with the Washington Post my post has
never been better
or it has been but it hasn't been for a
while come in rescue something that is
in a bad state and bring it back
you know I'm asking a sort of devil's
advocate he question but not really I'm
just curious is there anything that's
great about what just happened the best
thing about it is that it may spark an
awakening among progressives that we
have to revitalize our antitrust agenda
we have to recognize that monopoly
economics leads to monopolies politics
right and so for every progressive who's
frustrated about the two parties
monopolization of politics know that it
begins with the monopolization of our
on me if you're frustrated about the
lack of leverage that workers have in
the economy and the lack of choice that
consumers have know that it begins with
this kind of consolidation and Democrats
are as guilty of a line this happen as
Republican but people are mirror
jangling and off-the-cuff I mean I know
jank for a long time I know he's serious
that the things are cheaper also is he's
happy but uh but via but but you know
they have great there was it when the
United Airline that guy was dragged off
their Airlines flight you know they said
yeah it's bad for United Airlines but
you go on to book your next you know
your next trip to to Little Rock United
has a better fair than America and
you're still cut by United even though
they dragged someone because that's what
drives everything so even if Democrats
and progressives and poor Democrats in
the middle of you know the most
impoverished parts of the country know
that it's four dollars less but I still
want to find antitrust but I still like
that it's four dollars less to do this
they're going to do that how do you not
ask you to have the answer to this but
it's not a big part of the problem too
and this is why we need political
leadership because that dynamic you just
described is exactly what the monopolist
count on too low us into a complacency I
get I mean a four dollar cheaper product
is alluring in the moment and it's hard
to conceptualize how that's tied to the
destruction of the suppliers and their
ability to hire people as Amazon crushes
them right it's hard to conceptualize
and that daily purchase what it means
for the leverage brought down on workers
wages um and that's what political
leadership is supposed to do is explain
this an act on our collective behalf to
impose strict antitrust laws because as
Jake mentioned and you know as Adam
Smith described monopolies are the enemy
of the free markets and you know a
typical conservative Republican thing is
to confuse the interests of monopolies
with the interests of the free market
and these transactions serve the
interests of monopolists not interest in
the free market yeah and that's the
difference between corporatism
capitalism so look at my jobs Cuba no
real sauce add a couple more points here
which is one fault foods pizza is
delicious and you don't really expect
pizza at Whole Foods but they do a
wonderful job with it on the other hand
there
let's go stealing like a day-and-a-half
so be careful okay and y'all and you
always have to go to another market to
get ketchup that's that's my and they
don't have Coke anyway uh on the other
hand guys you know seriousness um okay
so we like to cheaper parts at Walmart
and now we all work for minimum wage at
Walmart so how's that working out for us
and answers not that great and I think
people are going to start to wake up to
it I think Joe's right about that yeah
you know they tell the story I was
driving across Arkansas run into a town
whose name I forgot a long time ago
sorry and it's like a ghost town they
still have the stuff in the store
windows like the clothes the pharmacists
whatever the whole thing is they're just
like it was big wide street but nobody's
there and like what the hell happen we
drive a mile up there's giant Walmart
and they just decimated these towns and
those people used to be small business
owners now they're making seven dollars
and seventy five cents because they've
been working at Walmart for ten years
I moved up from $7.25 right so at some
point we do get question all the way
which leads us to Pilate Dillon I wanted
to get his perspective on it he's of
course legendary financial analyst
started on the best shows on CNBC and
now as a commentator for us at TYT boxer
let's watch the big news last week was
Amazon's purchase of Whole Foods very
good for Amazon very good for Whole
Foods very bad for all their competitors
think names like Kroger's Costco target
these sorts of things but my point in
bringing this up is not to get into a
conversation with you about companies or
groceries or stocks or anything like
that my point and bringing up with you
is this the real issue in America is the
concentration of resources in an
incredibly small number of hands whether
it's Google and Facebook whether it's
the two political parties in our
political system or whether it's what's
happening with Amazon a beautiful vision
an incredible and executive an
incredible executive an incredible
company but a disastrous effect on our
society as we're seeing the complete
concentration of power and as a result
the destruction of the ability for a
truly competitive cap
list environment so while it is
impressive to see and I have incredible
respect for Jeff Bezos and what he has
done it is a total abdication of the
authority of the antitrust Commission's
in this country to allow this level of
consolidation of power to continue and
it's reflective not only in our politics
but as we saw with the Amazon deal in
our business
my guess is a you agree Joe what I do
yeah yeah but I actually like to
disagree with Dylan for a moment oh
because I you know working I have a ton
of steam for Dylan I challenge this
notion that the Amazon vision is a
beautiful vision mm-hmm we take for
granted this notion that all these tech
aspirations are beautiful aspirations
because we're complacent that in a lot
of our own lives collectively as upper
and upper middle income people it
benefits us but fundamentally the
aspirations of these companies are
monopolistic they want to control their
industries without regard to what that
means for people consumers and workers
and so I think we actually have to
scrutinize these things we take for
granted like the Amazon vision is such a
beautiful vision it might be for the
three of us but for the millions of
workers who have been relegated to
minimum wage jobs in warehouses and
distribution centers not so much yeah so
I mixed on that a so my thought on that
is I think the thing that we all agree
on which is well it's the government's
role to set some guidelines and some
rules of regulations that's all one
otherwise you'll have the monopolies and
you have the things that run amok in and
then destroy capitalism and to raise the
minimum wage that they're all - yeah so
one of their roles is to raise the
minimum wage so that we're not working
for soul-crushing wages men wages that
is what in California for a family of
three is like 20,000 bucks a year yeah
that's it 20,000 a year for a family
right so I mean so it this is not enough
money the same thing you do is like
Germany has a labor on their boards so
it actually makes the German economy and
German companies more successful and
more stable because labor doesn't want
the company to go under they want to
take care of their workers and so now
everybody's involved
company it's a stakeholder so they don't
run the place but they have a voice a
real voice that incentivize the company
to be more stable so these are the
things that government can do without
saying hey Basil's you you keep you know
you're not allowed to get uh you know to
fulfill your vision and you know we
could disagree that look to be the
reason that I'm not completely against
Bezos is that when they ask me what I
want to do what do I say I say global
domination hey now I happen to think
that they doing news in an honest way is
the better way to go right and so I
think our dominance will be great if if
we get to it although you're not driven
by putting out a business other people
who are doing the same thing oh I will
crush them are you would never like that
totally proud of us talking about uh the
but but there and you know and I'm not
saying that that's what Jeff Bezos woke
up saying I don't know the guy but you
know I do think that I sort of I agree
with Dylan I'm I'm impressed by it and I
think that making he took the technology
and married it to what it could do to
help people and his company has and um
and he's gone into other ventures as
well but I do understand also what
you're saying is that there has to be a
balance to the way it's done and and and
like Jake said that the government
that's what they're there for to take
care of the people right and that's
that's it in my opinion the number one
role the government has in our societies
is and that and that's the those are the
people who can do it at a certain point
if you drive them so far into the ground
you could sell anything but if you have
nobody who can afford to buy it
then it doesn't matter how well your
company is yeah and just last thought on
that is so if your conservative out
there you heard conservatory boys you
think not the government's job is not to
take care of people
no that's literally their job you're
like police is part of the government
right so that they keep us safe and
that's not calling us that's with the
government's job to make sure that
people don't rob us and kill us right a
fire department keep us safe and so
bottom line is governments are
representative right if a democracy
works right right a little iffy
proposition these days
but it's supposed to be our
representative the companies do not
represent us they represent shareholders
if they work right usually they
represent executives that's another
story but they're not their job is not
their job is to maximize profit it's not
to look out for you your representative
is supposed to look out for you because
he represents you
hence government right and there's a lot
of things that are wrong with our
current government and we talk about it
all the time but that's what government
supposed to do is that it's not the
boogeyman it's supposed to be your ally
the guy the purse the thing in your
corner
