yesterday somebody filed FEC papers on
behalf of the rock Dwayne Johnson now
it's not quite right to say on behalf of
because he he filed these papers saying
Ron Rock 2020 but anybody can file at BC
papers and doesn't mean that Dwayne
Johnson is necessarily running but he
did joke about it on Saturday Night Live
and then in all seriousness apparently
2gq he said he is considering a run so
now there is an FEC filing on a run well
I don't know we don't know if it's
connected to the rock or not and we have
the rock saying he might run now that's
when everybody starts saying well
anything's possible
Donald Trump won a reality show host one
so I wind out the rock because it
depends on what you mean by anything is
possible can a populist win yes that's
what I told you for a long long time and
that is what happened now Trump's a fake
populist what had happened but can the
rock win and in a Democratic primary and
I think the answer to that is no and a
definitive no so why the Republicans
actually for all their whining about
liberal Hollywood love of celebrities
and their authoritarian by nature so
there they'll bow their head to whoever
appears to be a strong leader even if
they're acting so who is the the God to
the Republicans right now and for almost
all my life Ron Reagan an actor a
literal actor okay
so he acted his role of the tough guy
cowboy morning in America and Senate he
was at a cowboy it was an actor anyway
so and then this second big Republican
star now is Donald Trump a reality show
star so empty celebrities work great in
the Republican Party they don't work as
well in the Democratic Party now so you
can say hey wait a minute no don't you
guys love celebrities no if you're a
celebrity to spawn for the right causes
like Susan Sarandon rosario Dawson John
Cusack oh and you're thoughtful about
them you're smart great we love that
doesn't mean that we're going to vote
for you for president I don't know
they've never run but uh yeah and and
look for example Al Franken sure
comedian originally but he had done a
talk show that was about politics for a
long time he'd written books he showed
great great interest in politics he
didn't just come out of nowhere and
that's for a state senator or for a
senator out of the state of Minnesota so
right now what progressives are looking
for and I think I've got a pretty decent
beat on this is for a real progressive
so to think the progressives are going
to act away the same way that
conservatives do I think it's a total
mistake progressives are looking for
authenticity if they wanted an actor
they wouldn't have gone with Bernie
Sanders the reason that they like for
Bernie Sanders so much and why by the
way now the whole country does he's the
most popular politician in the country
is because he is authentic he's not
slick there's no production so look as
an actor and as a wrestler I like to
rock a lot and if he's thinking of
running against Trump
bless his heart that means I like him
even more but I don't know a thing about
his politics and neither does anybody
else in the country so I would be
shocked if progressives were as
starstruck as conservatives and they
were like oh my god the rock he's an
actor and he's on our side we'll go vote
for him unless the rock was an absolute
kick-ass destroyer progressive who came
out explained why he's cared about those
issues for all this time and what he's
done about him in the past and was a
hardcore populist
he ain't gonna win in a Democratic
primary though all those people who
voted for Bernie aren't going to turn
around be like oh never mind substance
we'll go with a celebrity instead no
that's for the less educated Republicans
so you want my professional opinion on
whether the rock has a chance in 2020
despite all the talk and by the way the
influencers the elites whatever you want
to call them the establishment right
they love talk talk about the rock
because they don't understand
in my opinion how politics on the
progressive side works so they think
sure those guys will vote for a
celebrity - I'm here to tell you no they
won't
if you're going to
when the Democratic primary this time
around you better come correct and as
much as I like the rock I don't think in
this context he's gonna come correct
sorry to deliver the people's elbow on
you rock
