researchers at Vanderbilt University and
also the University of Memphis looked at
the issue of regressive taxation these
are basically fines and citations that
local law enforcement collect in order
to make up for lost revenue and they
realize that mmm there are certain types
of neighborhoods that usually suffer the
most when it comes to regressive taxes
now here's what they found using data
for more than 9,000 cities the
researchers found that cities with
larger black populations rely more on
fines and court fees to raise revenue
the average collection was about $8 per
person for all cities that get at least
some revenue from fines and fees but
that rose to as much as $20 per person
in the cities with the highest black
populations now they made sure to
control for certain factors including
crime rates and also the city size but
they did find that having at least one
black person on the City Council had a
positive impact on these fees and fines
it actually reduced the relationship
between race and fines by about 50
percent so obviously having someone
represent your demographic in the City
Council is incredibly important so a
couple of things that we get out of this
first of all notice how we're race
baiting by creating facts that have been
in place for a long long time so the
right wing will say oh why are you
bringing up facts facts are really
annoying and if they show that there is
racial bias in the country we won't
blame the reality you won't try to
change the reality we'll blame you for
pointing out the reality I'll call that
race baiting so let me jump in with
something okay
the researchers here didn't go into this
looking specifically at race they went
into this to see how regressive taxation
works community by community and then
they notice that you know neighborhoods
with a larger black demographic usually
suffer the most from these types of
fines or these citations and yes I think
race or racial bias has something to do
with it but more importantly being
powerless has a lot to do with it so
Anna that's exactly where I was going
with
but well the reason I started the way
that I did is that so no matter what the
reason is the effect that it has is one
that affects african-americans worse so
pointing that out doesn't mean everybody
in the country is a bad person okay it
just means that's a reality for African
Americans that if you're not
african-american you don't have to deal
with so the fact that you want to deal
with it doesn't make it not true it is
true it's empirically true okay now and
it's right it this is really about power
and the second part of the story proves
that out as well so the reason why this
happens is not because we would get
together in a global racist conspiracy
and they go let's charge black people
more because we hate black people no
they usually do it unconsciously because
they know hey if we do this we'll be
able to get away with it and if we do
that we won't be able to get away with
it so if we start increasing fines and
rich areas some of those rich people are
judges prosecutors or simply powerful in
the community and they're gonna complain
and it's gonna be a big problem for us
if we do it in poor neighborhoods well
it's not gonna be as big a problem now
unfortunately African Americans on
average in America are live in some
cities that are have socio-economic
condition that is not at the hot at the
high end of they come bracket obviously
right so that is why it affects African
Americans more right so they think okay
if these folks can't fight back let's
just make money that way and if I have
to increase taxes on the rich they are
going to fume they're going to be livid
about it negative sound lobbyists and
the all their bought politicians etc if
I get revenue from people who can't do a
damn thing about it
well that's easy revenue for me and I'll
get to crush the powerless yes it's
easier revenue and you're right they
don't have a lobbying group protecting
them but more importantly they don't
have the resources to fight these
citations in court so oftentimes they'll
get the citations they'll get the fees
and the city gets to make its money
without worrying about anyone really
fighting back and this is yes there's a
racial component to it but more
importantly everyone who is not wealthy
is impacted by this right we see
regression
regressive taxation everywhere we see it
here in Los Angeles you know in
California back in 1978 they passed a
proposition prop 13 I believe that
severely severely limited the revenue
that the state raised through property
taxes and also it led to a you needed a
two-thirds majority in the state in
order to increase taxes since we lost so
much revenue what do you think happened
citations like parking citations cops
you know trolling the streets looking
for people who you know make minor
infractions while they're driving that
shot up and so yes again there's a
racial component but more importantly
we're all affected by this real quick
though I wanted to quickly mention that
after black lives matter protests in
Ferguson the US Department of Justice
released a report validating many of
these concerns the March 2015 report
found that city officials work together
at every level of enforcement from city
management to local prosecutor to the
police department to make as much money
from fines and court fees as possible
ranging from schemes to raise total
fines for municipal code violations to
asking cops to write as many citations
as possible so this is not good and I
want to give you a quote from a cop when
you put any type of numbers on a police
officer to perform we're going to go to
the most vulnerable we're going to go to
the LGBT community we're going to go to
the black community we're going to go to
those people that have no boat and have
no power
damn that right there is so telling
and so when progressives fight back
against this stuff or African Americans
fight back against this stuff they're
actually fighting for all poor and
middle-class people all the people that
the powerful whether it's big government
or big business decide I'm gonna do I'm
gonna get money from you because I can
there's nothing you could do about it so
it is imperative for all of us to fight
back together and so that they don't
crush the powerless and so what this is
in effect is wealth redistribution but
they're distributing the money from the
poor in the middle class to the rich so
they get their share in the services but
they cut taxes on the rich so they pay
less and they increase fines and fees on
the poor in the middle class so we all
pay more
so understand what that is and why it's
happening so that we can actually as
Americans all fight back against it help
us build independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm slash join
