huge story in the New York Times about
Donald Trump jr. mini-me he apparently
met with Russians in order to get
information about Hillary Clinton that
is deeply problematic for reasons that
I'm going to explain so let's explain
the whole thing do you guys start with
the New York Times in the beginning
president Trump's eldest son Donald
Trump jr. was promised damaging
information about Hillary Clinton before
agreeing to meet with a Kremlin
connected Russian lawyer during the 2016
campaign according to three advisors to
the White House briefed on the meeting
and two others with knowledge of it so
that meaning did in fact happen those
were their sources initially and now
Donald Trump jr. has confirmed it the
meeting was also attended by the
president's campaign chairman at the
time Paul J mana Ford as well as by the
president's son-in-law Jared Kushner we
also know that because they have also
admitted to that Kushner originally did
not note this meeting when he was filing
papers to get security clearance for his
role in the administration that is a
huge problem he later said oh it slipped
my mind that I met with Kremlin
connected Russian lawyers I must have
just left that out so I will now note it
for the record so he now admits that he
was also in that meeting and and there's
good evidence that manna fort was there
as well okay and when asked about a
Manta fort now says wisely by the way no
comment because you're about to see how
much Donald Trump juniors explanations
got him into more trouble so the meeting
at Trump Tower on June 9th 2016 2 weeks
after Donald J Trump clinch the
Republican nomination points to the
central question in federal
investigations of the Kremlin's meddling
in the presidential election where the
Trump campaign colluded with the
Russians the counts of the meeting
represent the first public indication
that at least some in the campaign were
willing to accept Russian help so a
couple of questions related to this one
is who was this person to is what does
collusion mean three is that they do it
so first who is the person they met with
miss Veselin its Gia's got out me okay
clients include state
businesses and a senior government
officials son whose company was under
investigation in the United States at
the time of the meeting her activities
and associations had previously drawn
the attention of the FBI according to a
former senior law enforcement official
so they she was asked about this as well
she went on to say she said she had
never quote acted on behalf of the
Russian government and quote never
discussed any of these matters with any
representative of the Russian government
now that is important and if this goes
all the way to trial and that's not a
crazy proposition as you're about to see
that might be relevant she might see
Donald Trump jr. might say and Kushner
and mana for well look she wasn't
technically a Russian representative now
the FBI and others know she is a Kremlin
connected lawyer and she has been
investigated before but how do I know
that she was talking to the Kremlin
itself but you do know that it through
an intermediary it was a person who was
told was a Russian that might have
information about Hillary Clinton not
like a random Russian American or an
American that happens to be a Russian
descent who cares about that right no
someone connected to the Kremlin again
if you're in the heart of a trial you're
gonna see how important that connection
is but for the purposes of what was onyl
trump junior thinking he knew that it
was a Russian of a person that was not a
normal American citizen but one that had
connections to the Kremlin that's why
you wanted to meet with her in the first
place to see what the Russians had on
Hillary Clinton by the way who was the
intermediary that set the subsidy I
named Goldstone Rob Goldstone who had
something to do with the Miss Universe
pageant at one point and that's how the
trumps know him and John Swain writes in
a tweet Rob Goldstone Donald Trump Jr's
acquaintance who brokered the meeting
with a Kremlin length lawyer the day
after the 2016 US election they have a
picture of him the day after the
election is that real I mean that is so
unbelievable
that it is that doctored that's unreal
so the guy who set up the meeting the
day after the election has a
rusha shirt unlike gotcha okay well I
told you the Trump's are not good at
cover-ups they're not bright enough to
do a cover-up which leads us to Donald
Trump juniors denials this is the heart
of the matter I don't care when he was
asked about whether he met with Russians
way earlier on before this story broke
he had said did I meet with people that
were Russian I'm sure I'm sure I did but
none that were set up none that I can
think of at the moment and certainly
none that I was representing the
campaign in any way now that turns out
to be not true this meeting was
definitively set up he admits it was set
up by a Goldstone because he thought
they had information on Hillary Clinton
if you thought they had information on
Hillary Clinton you were a surrogate for
the campaign and you're an adviser to
the campaign clearly clearly that was a
funny high-pitched note anyway connected
through the campaign so now we go to a
flashback of again before any of this
story broke when he was asked Donald
Trump jr. was asked about Russian
connections he had said at the time Don
juniors July 24 2016 on the Clinton
campaigns claims that the Russians were
helping Trump it's disgusting it's so
phony meanwhile he had already gone to a
meeting he had already gone to a meeting
with Russian lawyers to get dirt on
Hillary Clinton so phony so disgusting
you know what's funny is you and all of
your clear lies at this point so now
they find out information about this
meeting so then they go and ask him well
you said you never met with Russian
officials in a way that was set up for
the campaign what do you say now he says
the New York Times explains when he was
first asked about the meeting on
Saturday Donald Trump jr. said that it
was primarily about adoptions and
mentioned nothing about mrs. Clinton it
was only about adoptions or primarily
about adoptions and didn't mention
anything about the campaign well did
that stick new so that was Saturday now
on Sunday
there are times then shows him the
evidence of him being at that meeting
and them talking about
Hilary Clinton campaign and whether the
Russians have any dirt on it okay
so then he changes his story on Sunday
and says this after pleasantries were
exchanged the woman stated that she had
information that individuals connected
to Russia were funding the Democratic
National Committee and supporting mrs.
Clinton her statements were vague
ambiguous and made no sense no details
or supporting information was provided
or even offered it quickly became clear
that she had no meaningful information
like father like son you schmuck why did
you just admit that was one of the
lawyers that was quoted in the press
today said my god do these people not
have any lawyers like you understand
what you just admitted you admitted that
you went to go get information about
Hillary Clinton's campaign which you had
previously denied over and over again
then the woman came in and had this
nonsense story about how Hillary was
working with the Russians
you knew that was nonsense this party
doesn't admit because you knew you were
working with the Russia's anyway so
leave that part out so you go well she
didn't have any meaningful information
for me and then she wanted to talk about
adoption so then we left that means you
just admitted you went to go get
damaging information from Hillary
Clinton from the Russians how do you
think the Russians would have gotten
that information do you think Hillary
Clinton's campaign would have been like
oh blonde Vladimir Vladimir remember
those giant sanctions we put on you on
the tough talk we've been doing NASCAR
here have our emails no you know they
would have stolen it the Russians
couldn't have gotten it in a way look in
your trial if there is one you want to
make the case that hey maybe the
Russians could have just gotten it in a
non nefarious way maybe they had a buddy
and they in the side of the Clinton
campaign and they just wanted to share
it you know be out of the goodness of
their heart the Clinton campaign said
here's all the dirt about US Russia and
they didn't steal it make that case
brother I'm looking forward to that case
but if you thought you were going to get
stolen information that the Russians got
about Clinton's campaign you shouldn't
have admitted it you idiot one more
quote from Donald Trump jr. here he said
it became clear to me that this was the
church and all along at the
claims of potentially helpful
information were pretext for the meeting
in other words he's like I thought we
were gonna get dirt on Hillary that was
stolen by the Russians instead she was
so glad some law about adoption in
Russia he said my dad's not the
president yet I don't we don't care
about that issue so you were just trying
to you set up this meeting with a
pretext of doing something illegal and
now you can bring a legal issue to me
about a policy that I don't care about
why are you admitting this god you're so
stupid they're so dumb okay
New York Times has to now explain
political campaigns collect opposition
research for many quarters but rarely
from sources linked to foreign
governments so that's very important
guys because if you thought well hey
don't they dig up dirt on one another of
course you're right and that's not
illegal and they there's a lot of stuff
doing done during campaigns that might
be ethically dubious but is not illegal
so but it's one thing if you go hey get
me the tape of what that guy said back
in 1987 and get it from a local you know
newspaper or TV station whatever you do
opposition research there's nothing
wrong with that if you say now let's go
the Russians or the Chinese or whoever
else and see if they have stolen
information on my opponent and that
would be illegal
yeah that's not within the normal
parameter so what you're supposed to do
but again Donald Trump jr. knucklehead
that he is doesn't understand that so he
tweets obviously I'm the first person on
a campaign to ever take a meeting to
hear info about an opponent went nowhere
but I had to listen oh god you're so
dumb you're so dumb no you don't admit
that you took a meeting to hear
opposition research from a foreign
country even if it was Canada okay but
you certainly don't do it from what
appeared to be at best stolen
information by the Russians that's crazy
okay and the fact that he can't see that
makes it an even more startling okay
in his statement now realizing oh I'm in
on a lot of trouble so who he then says
in his statement Donald Trump jr.
said yes mr. man afford mr. Kushner 210
but did not tell them what the meeting
was about
so don't prosecute them as well they're
fine they're fine don't leave Jared
Kushner alone okay man of force now kind
of irrelevant cuz he was the campaign
manager at the time he was super
relevant he was the campaign manager of
Trump when that meeting happened okay
but now man afford but I didn't tell
what the meeting was about and he makes
this dumb claim about well I didn't even
know her name when I decided to meet
with her what I'm not sure that speaks
well of you - that does not mean that
there is no conspiracy charge against
you there could still be a conspiracy
charge even if you don't know the
person's name that's not a legal excuse
for all the lawyers they have around
them apparently they never talked to
them and they and I told you they're not
good at a cover-up they're not smart
enough to do a cover-up so they just
bungle and tell you the truth
accidentally like that wouldn't be good
Matt we'll go Russian to get information
why is that wrong yes yes it is wrong
okay so meanwhile so they couldn't get
that information in that meeting I want
to show you one last thing here this is
Donald Trump himself a little bit after
that meeting about a month or so after
that meeting saying well we're trying to
get the secret information we couldn't
so uh screw it I'll just say it in
public
here listen I will tell you this Russia
if you're listening I hope you're able
to find the 30,000 emails that are
missing I think you will probably be
rewarded mightily by our press hiking
all subtlety now another nation if you
have stolen things for my opponent thank
you for saving me the trouble remember
Nixon Watergate resigning from office
does he stole he went into the DNC there
his political opponents and stole
information from their offices here's
the person who's running for president
at the time going now if anybody did
steal information from our opponents
that'd be great please release it in the
press you're not supposed to say that
even if you're secretly happy about it
now what Trump said there is not
actionable I mean some make the case
that
is he's inciting them to steal more
information etc but a son taking the
meeting including Kushner and man afford
to campaign a manager and a top adviser
to the Trump campaign take a meeting to
get stolen information yes that could
easily be a crime so guess what the last
part of this story is just right before
we came on air Donald Trump jr.
has finally and belatedly lawyered up
he's now got a lawyer and he's not
saying anything anymore luckily a day
too late
helped us build the independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
