yesterday hundreds of activists in 26
different locations sat in their state
senators offices around the country
demanding that their senators not vote
to repeal Obamacare and not vote for
this better health care reconciliation
I'm probably getting that wrong act
we're talking hundreds of activists was
partly sponsored by democracy spring our
revolution Democratic socialists of
America Working Families Party I was a
pretty awesome sit-in mass coordinated
sit-in from kind Newkirk of democracy
spring she said that what we want or he
said what we wanted to do is dramatize
and make as clear as possible the moral
stakes of this fight we've seen this
bill and we know that if it passes
millions of people will lose health
insurance lives are on the line and
we've had to draw a line in the sand so
once again I know a lot of people have
been making calls but this is what
happens when people actually go meet
their Senators where they're at or where
they're trying to avoid in the last few
months you're but pretty inspiring stuff
yeah so there's a bunch of things that I
love about this protest one is how many
progressive groups are working together
and these are all my rowdy friends and I
like I like that they got together for
Thursday night so yeah so not only all
the groups that that Francesca named but
also local groups Wisconsin Progressive
Alliance resist st. Louis mobilized
Missouri st. Louis Democratic Socialist
of America like in the old days or one
of my toe melodies in the current days
with the groups that are on the left but
not really that progressive like if a
democratic socialist group shows up they
all run screaming out of the building
like yeah with auntie Pelosi screaming
as she's leaving we're not gonna do
single-payer yet I don't mind the
capitalist part but yes do some policy
yes do some protest in the old days
again not the old days the current days
with the unfortunately majority of the
Washington Democrats when you say let's
go get arrested together because this is
a civil rights issue this is a civil
disobedience issue I know it happened I
mean I got arrested with the
my courses spring that led this protest
we led a protest against money out of
politics in Washington so largest civil
disobedience most amount of arrests in
on the capital ever in US history I I
know that the mainstream media couldn't
stop talking about it okay but it's true
we did do that and when we asked other
progressive groups to get involved they
were like ooh of Rass that's whole civil
disobedience I mean I don't know what he
never ever accomplished in American is
yeah do we really need the fierce
urgency of now can't we just see a
little tank drug of gradualism so to see
all of these groups working together and
rejecting the tranquilizing drug of
gradualism and taking real action direct
action yeah led by democracy spring in
our revolution it's just so wonderful to
see oh and the DSA chapter of North
Carolina and the list goes on and on and
you see it all over the countries
wonderful yeah and look in the past and
on a lot of issues is very difficult to
get people sort of organized and active
there's a lot of forces trying to stop
it I mean you will be attacked by the
media generally for any kind of protest
but especially if you're on the left and
you organize you will be at best ignored
and at worst like you know we could look
back at Occupy Wall Street or something
they will twist everything you say and
everything you do to make you look bad
and considering the urgency of this
particular issue and how it is literally
a life or death issue it really gives me
a lot of hope that from day one I mean
before day one but from when the Senate
bill was initiated we showed you the
footage of the the activists for
disability rights and protections being
dragged out of the hallway in front of
Mitch McConnell's office I mean there
are people literally willing to be
injured as people were injured during
that protest to fight to protect their
access to health insurance but also
other people's access and so that's why
you know we give a lot of credit to
people like Bo Bernie Sanders who are
leaders leading rallies for the same
thing but we need to see more of this
and it's difficult and there's a lot of
people like on the right like the NRA
will take footage of these sorts of
protests and say that this is leftist
gone wild and this is extremists and
they're dividing us there's all these
things that could lead a person to want
to just stay home and accept what
happening in their country and it's
amazing that so few are actually doing
it that they're going out there and
making a positive but I think also it's
filling this void where you know the
Democratic leaders like Schumer and
Pelosi are saying that single-payer is
not the issue you know where in fact you
know you know actually a lot of analysis
is showing that this is the issue that
health care is going to be the wedge
issue to win to win in 2020 or in 2018
and then in 2020 but but and move the
Democratic Party to the left move it in
more progressive direction something
that we just talked about with Bernie
being in West Virginia and in Kentucky
that cuts across party lines but it's
it's sad that you're not seeing that
kind of leadership from in closely in a
new and a press conference just
out-and-out no I don't think that's the
issue we need to be focusing on enough
it's like no no that is it's not just
defending Obama care it's going further
because everyone knows that Obama care
is not doesn't go far enough that it is
too expensive that it is you know was
just a baby step yeah so let me just
elaborate on those two points real quick
one is that Nancy Pelosi says well I'm
master legislator but I have not but and
I'm theoretically in favor single parent
but I've never fought for single-payer
and I refuse to fight for a single-payer
now I don't know if you know this that
means you're not for single player did I
want to be clarified for you because you
apparently have confusion with the words
okay
can I just say that she said even worse
than that to this reporter which I had
this up but she said believe me this is
a young reporter I've been fighting for
single-payer since you were in diapers
and and then she and it's like whoa you
just completely so what you're saying is
you've now learned the error of your
idealistic ways men and when you're when
you're in DC when you're Washington you
just have to sort of rein it in bring it
in line move to the center and get what
done and by the way it's also just
factually incorrect
she is not she's not proposed that bill
I mean if you're a master legislator as
she claims you would have proposed it
and passed it she's never proposed it
she's never back then she's never
actually done anything when she was in
power to fight for single-payer in fact
she punishes people who deviate from
that orthodoxy that she wants to put
forward which is that we are not going
to do single-payer the reason I bring
that up is because now there's the
world's dumbest talking point that
Democrats need to do something to help
the Republicans on health care well I
don't have to do anything to help them
destroy Obamacare that is so dumb I
can't believe the media repeats that
like it's something real but if they're
gonna do that talking point and CNN and
all the mainstream media is gonna help
them but I say why aren't the Democrats
helping to destroy Obamacare Oh
charge me crazy every time I hear it
anyway you know what you could say yeah
we've got a plan our plan is Medicare
for all and so that is very powerful
Medicare pulls that over seventy percent
Medicare for all poles at fifty eight
percent so but instead of running
towards a popular program the Democratic
Party Anansie people is you're running
away from Medicare for all why because
they're not stupid it's not that they
can't read poll numbers him it's that
their donors don't want it okay
and so when you so that's why it's
incumbent upon the people to take action
what I would say that it pulls the 58%
with not that much national discussion
of it and and and don't want to actually
fighting for word other than Bernie
Sanders and then discussion how much
let's really look at the costs you know
because estimates I know in California
show that actually it would in fact be
cheaper we should be having these
conversations on a national level well
and look I think if if she was just
being primary pragmatic and I agree with
you I don't think that Nancy Pelosi is
just being pragmatic on this but like
realistically she can propose any bill
she wants right now it's not gonna be
passed because it's not how the house
works but if there was an opportunity to
get traction on this you will never have
a better opportunity than now because
the country is
attention to this issue people are hyper
focused on what's going to happen in the
next few years on this issue it might
still be incredibly difficult it might
still be almost impossible but it will
never be more possible than it is right
now and so that is why you need to jump
on this and whether she does or not
other people are I mean look Bernie
Sanders is not backing down from it of
course I think that she apparently
learned nothing from the lasted last
election if she wants to have the rest
of her agenda sort of have a higher
chance of passing why not go with Bernie
who's out there who hasn't been
destroyed since their last election who
is still rising still has people's
people have his back why not use that
and so finally to pick up on John's
earlier point give credit to the people
who deserve it
keine Kirk who organized this also said
it was the the people who did that
original protest in front of McConnell's
office and risk their their well-being
that inspired her yeah that and that
inspired him to do to organize this and
for all other groups to to agree to it
so quickly because they turn that around
in like two weeks which is amazing I've
organized things is very hard to do in
that limited period of time and then
most importantly the people who actually
went there and and took action and 43
people were arrested that can affect
their lives significantly I don't want
to downplay that and those people said
yeah I'm willing to take that risk
cuz this is that important and it is in
the case of health care it's literally a
matter of life and death so to everybody
who showed up at those protests thank
you for standing up for all of us when
our so-called representatives oftentimes
do not watch The Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it anyway you like a TYT Network
comm slash join
