so the reality is the reason we're
against Assad is not because we think
he's a terrible dictator
you know who are also dictators and
pretty terrible at it
almost every leader in the Gulf who are
our huge allies they're all dictators
are their kings I don't know if you know
what a king is it's a fucking dictator
okay so but we love those dictators are
they great to their citizens no a lot of
them are terrible to their citizens let
alone if you're a minority let alone if
you're in Yemen okay and what the Saudis
do to them but we have decided that we
are part of the Sunni alliance which is
the Saudis and Israel is has decided
that Iran the Shia are a bigger threat
to Israel than the Sunnis are so if you
notice Israel almost never fights
against al-qaeda or Isis and al-qaeda
and Isis almost never attacks Israel now
I don't I don't I I can't tell you all
the reasons why that has worked out the
way that it does I do know that the
Saudis and Israel generally have an
alliance and we're on that side so if
you don't know this it is amazing but
the reality is that is also the site
Isis is Sunni al Qaeda students by the
way just because they're Sunni doesn't
mean they agree just because Isis is
Sunni in Saudi you sudhi doesn't mean
that they all have the same agenda but
when we go oh my god Isis is so terrible
Isis that Iran wait wait wait wait wait
wait those are two totally different
sides and in fact we have picked the
Sunni side and we're against Shia Iran
so and even more deliberately in the
last month right even more in terms of
Saudi Arabia's isolation of Qatar where
we have a base the United States as a
base so I mean so just just to close
that loop because what you're saying is
very relevant Francesca is that normally
the US government and what other what
some would call the deep state is on the
Sunni side that's the Saudi side which
is linked to Israel and that has been
where our interests are and against Iran
and hence their client states Syria so
that's the Russian Syria and Iran side
we're on this side right but now Trump
is saying yeah I'm not sure I like Qatar
which is on the Sunni side Oh
interesting
and I'm gonna agree to stop fighting
Assad which is on this side why cuz
Trump and this is part of why the deep
state hates them and why there's a huge
movement on the right wing that doesn't
like Trump this Trump is not on the same
side historically that the Republicans
and the government have been on which is
Israel Saudi Arabia and the Sunnis he is
going over to the other side and going
Assad and hence Syria and hence Iran not
so bad
so that is a very interesting dynamic
that almost no one talks about I think
the one thing that's gonna come out of
this for sure right is that this was a
win for Trump presidential by talking
about hacking and meddling and then a
huge win cuz we've got a cease fire
yeah by just completely acquiescing to
Putin and Russia's demands a factor that
could be the problem is that
theoretically that ceasefire can end in
an act of violence that would have
otherwise just been another Syrian
attack will now become a ceasefire
breaking act of violence thus making
more news and possibly hurting Trump
more if he's the guy that supposedly got
us this amazing ceasefire so Trump goes
to Russia
I'm sorry goes to the g20 meeting meets
with Russia it's not gonna have a that
it comes later
right before the handcuffs on a plane to
Russia anyway so and and yesterday there
was in the news that so as they agree to
a deal about the ceasefire in Syria the
one guy said they will continue the
attack is Isis both the Russians and US
and everybody else will still be
attacking Isis there's a new story that
Trump had one is decided to not reveal
his plan on fighting Isis which he was
set to do now because in the midst of
these conversations about what we're
gonna do with Syria and Isis Center
because they realized it was nearly
identical to Obama's plan and they're
about the releases are like okay you
fight with our local you know allies on
the ground and give them this and that
and oh no this is this is Obama's plan
oh we can't do it yeah and by the way
what happened to Trump's secret plan for
Isis that he already had he
theoretically already had one in heaven
and release it on day one cuz he never
had
because I hate like about that just like
you know I've got everything so there's
no secret plan to fight Isis there's no
secret plan to oh we'll beat them so
fast it'll make your head spin well we
haven't been yet ain't you've been in
office for quite some time and you just
realize your plan is identical to
Obama's by the way one of the reasons is
because the generals draw up the plan to
remember the generals that he lambasted
throughout the primaries but we're not
winning with these generals these
generals are losers we're not winning
with them and now the reports are Trump
when asked what his plan is said I don't
know James Venice
general James man is now the Secretary
of Defense we use no one who should make
the plan I don't have a plan whatever to
your secret plan what about just like
the meme army what about his troll army
release an Isis flag instead of the CNN
flag done right yeah oh yeah body
slammed them on and at WrestleMania and
I think we should be done with it and
all those of all those all right guys
are such tough guys they love talking
about how badasses they are and these
days white Christian warriors why don't
you go over there and take care of that
big issue yeah he says which your your
Magha
Emperor or whatever you guys call him he
has a great secret plan to defeat him
wouldn't it be amazing if you guys
executed that plan go get em big guys
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm /join
