hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt this young kid in Germany two
guys saw out she's just 15 years old and
unfortunately he was considering going
to Syria to get into the fight of
radical Islam so it's a super tough
story wait to hear in the beginning so
he says I had friends who like me were
really radical extremist and even
considered going to Syria or to
Palestine to fight now here comes a
couple of twists first of all to guide
turns out to be gay and so he was really
conflicted and he wanted to cover that
up because he grew up in a more
fundamentalist family is dad before he
passed away was would constantly brag
about how it yeah anti-gay he was etc so
he almost wanted to overcompensate and
to join up in a radical fight etcetera
so he said I thought being gay is bad
and that through Islam by praying to God
I could cure myself and become normal
I started praying five times a day I
just felt bad like I was dirty or
inferior somehow and I was really
ashamed of my gay thoughts well two
things happened to him that changed his
mind so and and then this turns out to
be a fantastic story so one was and
right-wing I hope you're sitting down a
mosque a mosque helped to D radicalize
him okay so it was only when sriracha
came across the eben rushed Gotha mosque
and one of only a handful of gay
friendly mosques around the world that
he found a middle ground that allowed
him to accept both his sexuality and his
faith okay
now so that says a couple more things to
give you a sense of what was happening
in his life he said I was struggling
between being a normal 14 or 15 year old
guy in Germany and being really
religious
my friends were very religious very
radical and when they told me that they
were considering going to Syria I
started thinking about it too but as
orders explains a second thing happened
to Suraj that made him change his mind
they explained one turning point was
hearing a presenter on The Young Turks a
us-based liberal news show asked LGBT
Muslims why would you believe in a
religion or God if this God hates you if
this God will throw you to hell and let
you burn forever now that's weird I
thought that we were radical Islamic
apologists wow that is quite weird yes
and apparently it made a big difference
he said later as well he said if you
were conflicted it doesn't make any
sense to listen to one group who tell
you you're going to hell so I have to
admit I'm super proud of that story and
and I don't know if it was me or you who
said it I'm not sure who was but
obviously he heard it on The Young Turks
and and we talked about fundamentalist
religion and how wrong it is all the
time it doesn't mean that all religious
people are wrong and that is a
distinction the right we have such
difficulty with so I think Christianity
is completely wrong but I think some of
the best people on earth are Christians
some nuns who fight for the poor the
needy fight against nuclear war etc
Martin Luther King was a reverend and
there's wonderful Muslims across the
world who do likewise one of the really
great things about Islam is how much it
emphasizes helping the poor and those
who are needy now on the other hand
there are terrible parts of the Bible in
the Quran we talk honestly about both of
those things and unfortunately the
fundamentalists take the terrible parts
in the Old Testament New Testament on
the Quran and turn it towards violence
and what we talk about on the show all
the time is that you can be against
those religions without being against
the people in those religions
yeah actually you know I never it never
really hit me until this moment because
look the Armenian Genocide was a
religious war when you really think
about it because Armenians were an
ethnic Christian minority and they were
driven out by Turkish Muslims right now
where did they go
they all went to Muslim majority
countries where they were offered refuge
Syria where my dad was born Iran my I
didn't know this my maternal grandmother
was born in Palestine right and so it's
it's just important to understand that
there are differences even when it comes
to the exact same religion there are
differences in interpretation and so
it's it's unfair I think both to
Christians and to Muslims to take the
most extreme individuals and then use
them as a way to generalize about the
entire religion yes and look for people
who are thoughtful about this what they
realize is there's a ton of things that
go into affecting a culture so politics
socio-economic conditions religion what
the culture was there before the
religion arrived even geography all
these things create the culture that you
currently live in and some parts of the
culture are great some parts are not so
great and it's okay to talk about that
without Tony about it in a hateful way
where you discriminate against a whole
set of people and you don't give them a
chance you you view them as irredeemable
and that you think only one thing drives
them that if they are in a particular
religion they must believe every tenet
of that religion and and they must
believe in the fundamentalist version of
that religion if Christians were held to
that standard well then they would be
condemned all throughout the world for
the worst things in the Bible where
there's massacre after Massacre which
God encourages if Jews were held to that
standard the Old Testament is brutal and
they shouldn't be of course not because
do all the Christians and all the Jews
believe everything in the Old Testament
and New Testaments not remotely and
we're asking all of you who are
religious to look into your Bible and
look into your Quran and if someone
tells you something hateful that comes
out of that book unfortunately it isn't
are plenty of those passages in the
books that is true there are also great
passages and ask them why they are
focusing on the hateful ones why do they
not care about you know my favorite
example in Leviticus eating shellfish
why is it's right next to you shall not
lie with another man if you're a man so
why do you emphasize the being anti-gay
so much more a thousand a million times
a billion times more than not eating
shrimp it makes no sense at all unless
you have an agenda and that agenda is
driven by hate so don't believe people
who say that everyone in a particular
religion is one way and at the same time
if you've got a fundamentalist who's
telling you you're gonna go to hell and
that you should do something violent you
should do something against other people
don't ever believe that it's not true
you know what you should believe in
instead yourself and so when you're a
young kid it's hard to know sometimes in
the world and and I need you to have the
confidence to know that you were if you
think there is a God he didn't make a
mistake he created you that way for a
reason yeah and so don't believe people
who tell you that you're doing something
wrong or that you should fear or hate
yourself you should love yourself two
easy ways to follow young turks one is
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
