well okay maybe a ray of small hope
coming out of the g20 meeting between
Russia and the United States there has
been an agreement for a ceasefire in
Syria it applies to part of southwestern
Syria and it begins Sunday we don't
again have many more details on this but
what we know is from anonymous officials
apparently we're gonna have an actual
announcement in the next couple of days
I just found a couple of these pieces
have been from of quotes interesting
from some Syrian Dallas analysts Andrew
Tabler of the Washington Institute for
Near East policy said the question now
is whether Russia will be able to
enforce the agreement on its Syrian and
Iranian allies
that's not certain again remembering
that Russia in the United States are not
Syria and Iran Isis and rebel forces and
all of the other forces are playing out
inside the country
another analyst a former special adviser
in Syria under President Barack Obama
had this to say I thought was was
interesting saying we've seen this
before referring to the so-called to say
a cessation of hostilities negotiated
between then Secretary of State John
Kerry and russia's Foreign Minister
Sergei Lavrov in February 2016 because
remember this is not the first time of
course we know Trump will try and say it
is that ceasefire held for a week to 10
days and fell apart completely so yes so
it is a something potentially positive
coming out of this newfound love between
Putin and Trump but the proof is
actually on the ground in Syria and
their way many more forces at stake here
and I don't know yeah think so I have
very mixed feelings about this because
on the one hand I'm annoyed by it
because again the media is missing the
point here so trompin and Putin have a
meeting
Trump says hey you shouldn't have done
the meddling then they say okay but
we're done with it we're not there's
gonna be no consequences to it at all
and we prefer nothing betted wow you
were really tough on Putin and then he
turns around and says now I'll give you
exactly what you want your client state
is winning right now but Charlotte's
odds winning in Syria will do a
ceasefire that cements his lead and by
the way the last time we needed to see
fire Assad broke it the minute that he
thought it was advantageous to him and
they had gotten a hundred other
opposition groups to actually live by
the ceasefire but but Assad broke it
when it was so so wait a minute
Putin got exactly what he wanted so
where's the part where they get punished
no no so far Putin has gotten Trump to
talk about how NATO is not a you know
it's not that big a deal and and they're
not doing enough and it's outdated etc
has talked positively about Russia
keeping the Ukraine and now did this
show thing where oh I am going to be
tough on Putin and bomb Assad's because
he did the chemical weapons attack then
they that bombing was proven to not bomb
any the new planes they had left some
old planes in a hangar somewhere they
bombed them they didn't even bond the
runway so the very next day Assad in the
Russians could use that same runway now
they come and turn around and go we
promise we won't hit Assad anymore so
Putin got everything you wanted and look
it's hard for me to contain myself and
not call the mainstream press stupid
when they are out there going to Oh
Trump was tough on Russia today well
then you don't understand anything you
don't understand the news at all you
should all immediately retire what but
but hold on does this but the other part
of it the reason why I mixed on it is
because it is good news that they did a
ceasefire four million people have left
Syria there internally over 8 million or
displaced the wars a mess and by the way
we should stop funding radical groups
that are fighting Assad
now I'm no friend of Assad and I've
criticized them a billion times on the
show and I think he's done some terrible
things and I don't want Putin and Assad
to gain an advantage having said all
that who are we giving weapons to so
toasty gabart makes a great point about
this and she's got to build by by the
way a bipartisan bill and just Democrats
are supporting it just as Democrats that
calm slash SATA stop arming terrorists
act because you think when we give to
those forces fighting Assad that you're
buying the myth that they're moderate
radicals is that a thing like the modern
opposition to Assad maybe in the
beginning not maybe definitely in the
street protests there were real
moderates and real people who were
secular when the fighting began there
were some moderates left now Nobel
moderates left there's a loose right
there that is connected to al-qaeda
we're arming Sunni radicals we got to
stop arming those guys so if that's what
this deal led to as much as I'm annoyed
by the by the wrong coverage of it and
that Putin has in essence gotten what he
wanted I do agree that we should stop
sending money and weapons to people who
might very well use it against us later
well I agree that the coverages is
flawed in that way but I also think that
there's a lack of questioning some of
the fundamentals here that so
theoretically we were able to get a
ceasefire which implies that there are
dueling sides that need to come to some
sort of agreement and maybe you give a
little bit maybe I give a little bit but
I I would question anyone watching this
to explain what the strategic objective
of Donald Trump in Syria is right now
I couldn't even necessarily explain what
Obama's real objective was there I mean
he would say that theoretically would be
great if Assad was gone but clearly he
wasn't working towards that sort of just
rolling the dice on the rebel groups and
thinking regardless of whether they end
up being extremists or moderate it's
good to have them fighting him but we
never took a strong F strong stance
actually get him out of power and then
people I think just sort of assume as we
transition over to it being the Donald
Trump administration that oh I guess
that theoretically he's against Assad
too but why are we assuming that at this
point
I mean clearly over the years clearly
like to kill Isis I guess but why are we
assuming that that it's a complicated
negotiation with Russia to get a
ceasefire he might well support that
regime
maybe there's no okay a real ceasefire I
mean it's so ridiculous to be
negotiating on behalf of a bunch of like
in a proxy way negotiating a ceasefire
what was the conversation with Assad
before this what's been the conversation
with Iran what's been the conversation
with rebel forces on the ground you know
I think if the United States and Russia
had gone to out of those two hours and
15 minutes been like hey I'm gonna stop
selling weapons you're gonna stop
selling weapons you're gonna stop cell
Planes cool like what and guess what
we're gonna open you know and open our
borders for a certain amount of refugees
Wow
wouldn't that have gone a long way for
some kind of cessation of all of us of
all the hostility I mean I think one
thing one potentially positive thing is
if Russia can get us to stop the barrel
bombing right the most egregious of all
the you know sort of all the fighting
from the analysis I've read it's like
that'd be good you know just yeah so
that that would be good for the Syrians
and that would be good for I think
American interests but I'm with John I
don't know what Trump got for Trump
interests like for Trump it's not clear
I mean he might want Assad to win for
all we know he does want Assad to win
based on his statements what does his
stance on other dictators around the
globe
so my generally against them no in my
experience but in this specific case you
know he's very clear Trump is very close
to Russia and has done pretty much
everything they've asked on Ukraine NATO
and now Syria so why are we assuming the
Trump got anything out of this deal it
seems like all he did was agree to
everything Putin wanted help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm slash join
