China has launched the next phase on
their war on internet porn they recently
put out a report with a threat to
potentially close down the three largest
live stream providing services inside of
China now important note these services
are not exclusively or even necessarily
or largely about porn we're gonna get
into what the threat porn is but these
companies this report the threat to them
is important for them Sina Weibo
I Fang and act fun all solar stock
prices fall after that report Weibo saw
its stock fall six percentage points
which is worth 1 billion dollars
normally you need some sort of Donald
Trump tweet to take that much off of a
company's stocks and so look these are
these are services that are important a
lot of people use them we'll get into
the stats and it could be that
theoretically this is China like there
are political ramifications to any sort
of social media or mass communication
but some don't think that that's what
this is about
and etn that Asia innovations group CEO
said it's all about the porn that's the
main thing the porn the government is
let it go for a while but now it's
getting out of hand understand all
internet porn is technically illegal in
China and they've even gone into banning
things that don't seem like they'd
necessarily be porn like last year they
banned live streaming of erotic
banana-eating if you don't know what
that looks like here you go
oh my god okay someone in those in the
corner or did she rerecord that right
okay
I bought the soundtrack to that video
yeah so illegal now don't try to bring
it to China number one that's awesome
number two let's be a lesbian wait wait
which part I'm sorry which part is
awesome the smoothie the erotic banana
eating is I love that we invented that
as a form of of exciting guys yeah and
by the way 80% of the people doing the
videos or women 75% of the people of all
live streams 75% of the people watching
are men and so I love that I think that
was one of the funniest videos I've ever
seen number two China you've got to
allow porn
otherwise you're the only option people
have is this kind of insane softcore
porn like if you AB an actual porn
people like oh wow look at her eat that
banana otherwise have to watch that for
a while like the smoothie making I just
I want to clarify though like in I did a
story in Japan similar to this like I
think it's not even really about the
sexual the sexual nature of this it's a
lot of this is just about hanging out
yeah and hanging out with this pretty
lady who's gonna you know he's moving
each make a smoothie and dance around
and like talk to me for a little bit I
mean which I'm gonna play devil's out of
kit and say maybe people get offline if
they can't watch anymore like cool go
out in the real world and uh I tell
people I think we try that for centuries
it didn't no no no people just want to
go inside as you point out eating food
is another big thing not just in China
but in a lot of countries it's a
surprise that it hasn't become bigger in
America considering how much we like to
eat because we're
anyway yes nobody but again I agree with
Francesca I don't think that it's like
the guys who watch the cam girls like
they give a bunch of money and
theoretically some of these girls make
up to a million dollars which is a lot
in America or China they give a lot of
money these girls like a thousand
dollars for one session or whatever and
the girls making so much money if the
guy just wanted porn he could easily go
to a different website in America where
is legal it would be in higher
definition you could see whatever he
wants
III agree with Francesca I think that
it's about the connection I think there
are a lot of people always before
computers who didn't feel connected to
people who felt too awkward or they
weren't being fulfilled or whatever and
I think for a lot of people this fills
that need and I don't think that's a
small thing I think that feeling
comfortable inside of your life
satisfied and connected to people
fighting that loneliness that is perhaps
one of the biggest things that we can
help two people to accomplish like
reusing trash
we're losing attracted this is the
oldest thing in the world this is called
a Peep Show
remember in New York they'd go and they
put 25 cents in yeah thing would go up
and you would watch the girl the girl
would make eye contact with you which is
horrifically awkward if you ask me same
thing as strip clubs where they look at
you and you're like please stop looking
okay it's getting weird anyway but
people yes they like it but it is it's
both it's sex and it's the interaction
that's why people flock to it but by the
way to to John's earlier point the real
reason China's doing this yes they're
against porn yes they're against
political dissent but and it looks like
they singled out these three giant
companies no the real thing is they
single out the big companies and then
they get rid of all the small companies
and they tell the big companies you
better play ball do whatever the
government tells you to do and be safe
and that's how they regulate the
internet qit membership gets your
commercial-free young turks downloaded
streaming podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm /join
