there's a new dress code in place for
those of you who want to visit Capitol
Hill and you've got to wear sleeves that
is a word on the street according to a
new report that came out it all started
with a report from CBS where there was a
reporter who tried to get into an area
known as the speaker's Lobby I was told
she happy she couldn't get in because
she didn't have sleeves on her outfit by
the way
it's June when this happened June July
in in Washington DC it's super hot there
and women aren't wearing some women
decided not to wear sleeves although
their shirts are probably pretty
expensive and this is what happened to
this woman who tried to get into the
speaker's Lobby apparently according to
the report she was forced to improvise
she ripped out pages from her notebook
and stuffed them into her dresses
shoulder openings to create sleeves
according to witnesses and she was still
rejected but it's not just her others
have tweeted out that this kind of thing
happens kate Tully McManus tweets this
is for real fellow female reporters
barred from speakers lobby for wearing
sleeveless dresses while doing their
jobs it's hot in DC as she says another
says can confirm I was warned the next
time I would be removed this is
apparently important to Paul Ryan who
said to Congress recently members of
Congress should wear appropriate
business attire during all sittings of
the house however brief their appearance
on the floor may be and then went on
according to Jezebel the only rule in
place the only written rule simply
states that women should wear quote
appropriate attire and the rest is left
up to the enforcement of the Speaker of
the House so to give you more details
about what Paul Taliban I mean Ryan
wants a here either supplies to the
reporters but also the lawmakers and the
staff yeah so he's checking out his
staff non-stop to see if they're
violating the rules and it's not just
sleeveless dresses there's one other
very important violation you have to
cover your toes see that goes without
saying to me you think so because I
don't know if they've made the final
draft of the of the Constitution but
there was a whole toe thing oh there was
a whole footnote The Lost
amendment the last footnote Oh
oh god I'm sorry okay we got there so
look guys I mean it's funny because it's
absurd and apparently Paul Ryan has a
foot fetish let's just keep it real yeah
what's with the random you can't wear
open-toed shoes
so we're the the speaker can never see
your toes if he sees your toes bad
things will happen what's with the weird
toe saying it's just so strange like
this if you look at photo after photo of
women presenting important documents and
and making presentations Melania Trump
or Ivanka Trump making public
appearances for very official White
House purposes she wear sleeveless
outfits and no and it's weird for
someone to say like that's inappropriate
I it wouldn't it wouldn't stop me it's
so strange and and so this is when I you
know refer them as the American Taliban
and and talk about their Sharia law this
is their Sharia law look nobody's
getting killed thank God right but is it
against the freedom of the press of
course it is is it on American to say
hey I'm going to give you I'm gonna tell
women exactly how they should cover
themselves up so that might be your
particular religious thing if you're a
Muslim or if you're a Christian
apparently but you got to separate that
out from your official government
business you can't tell a reporter who's
there or I think it's I mean just as bad
if not worse to say to your own staff
members I don't know why if it's like
some religious zealotry or you're
secretly turned on by it and can't
control yourself I don't want to see
your arms or toes under any
circumstances because I will flip out
yeah that's the implication I think I
can't get around it reminds me of like
the teachers who say like these girls in
class are wearing outfits that are too
revealing and then you see the photo and
it's just like their shirt comes to like
here and you see their arms it's like
it's it's implying that they somehow are
sexualizing these women even though to
someone who has seen these photos of the
people they're talking about they're
they're not being inappropriate and
sleeveless isn't enough there's a
difference between like a nice
sleeveless top and then like wearing a
tank top and you know like you're going
to the beach
that's not what these women were wearing
and and look women can't win because if
they cover themselves up too much then
you pass laws saying you're not allowed
to wear burqas or bikinis and so we
haven't done that in this country thank
God I I'm not in favor of the burka but
that's but I think we live in a free
country
and they don't have to abide by my
beliefs right and so but in France okay
you're not allowed to wear a bikini now
here in America you're not allowed to
wear sleeveless dresses so you can't
show too much you can't show it too
little right so what the hell are you
supposed to do like but when it comes to
guys there just isn't the same rules
there John isn't like the bear like
you'll have things like no flip-flops
right and you have to have a shirt on
there isn't why there is a tie of shame
that I saw online where like one staffer
posted a photo called the tie of shame
if he didn't wear a tie to work they'd
give him like the ugliest tie which
actually works counter to your intention
to make everyone look like respectful if
you're putting them in a tie that
fulfills your general obligation to wear
neck wear but it makes him look
ridiculous and you're admitting it by
calling it the tie of shame I just think
business attire covers it like it covers
it yeah he don't get pervy and tell us
all the body parts you want to see and
don't want to see and then complain
about Sharia law finally I know that
Paul Ryan is in favor of formal attire
that is why he would never be caught
especially it's now Speaker of the House
esteemed guy ran for vice president
right in anything but formal attire so
can I see a picture of Paul Ryan real
quick did oh wait I see many body parts
here hey that appears to be forbidden
knees every time every time this is what
happens when you leave it to beaver okay
okay when it comes to him apparently in
formal attire is he thought these
pictures were cool oh and there he is
dead sleeveless sleeveless sleeveless
he's saying no a universal sign of no do
not wear what I'm wearing I am jumping
out of my seat I can't contain myself
we gotta pass laws against that that's a
meet I just that was that one's so
ridiculous if you like this video
love the whole TYT Network check it out
a TYT Network comm /join
