Republicans have been running ad after
ad in every one of the special elections
saying if for example John Asif wins
Nancy Pelosi
wins now I think there has been a great
misinterpretation of why they're doing
that and why it is successful and what
how the Democrats should respond so some
Democrats very justifiably have said
maybe Nancy Pelosi is hurting our cause
and not helping now this reminds me of
when we said the same about Hillary
Clinton and everybody said no no no
Hillary Clinton doesn't have any
problems for the people love Hillary
Clinton have that turnout so the people
that are saying the opposite that are
saying that Nancy Pelosi is wonderful
and helping our of course people like
Nancy Pelosi and all of our allies that
she got money to anyway so right after
the Trump election when she was asked
about whether people want a new
direction in the Democratic Party since
they just lost the Donald F and Trump
and they lost the House and the Senate
let alone 69 out of 99 state legislators
I mean you almost can't get a worse
record of a failure
she said quote I don't think people want
a new direction really well they have a
funny way of showing it and so the
evidence would seem to indicate they
really really want a new direction okay
now after the Asaf loss of course
Democrats declared moral victory but
actual failure yet again they asked
Pelosi again is a time to step down
here's her responses quote I think I'm
worth the trouble well okay I know we're
supposed to be with you I was hurt but I
am worth the trouble I am worth the
trouble
why why are we had going through the
trouble just for you again I do have an
answer I'll share with you in a second
and then she says these incredibly
haughty things like this everybody wants
leaders not a lot of people want to be
led people should know when they're
defeated yeah I understand oh please
Nancy Pelosi lead me lead me I don't
know what to do no but you see
representative Pelosi we're asking you
to not lead us I think you
misunderstanding the message okay but
why should you stay representative
Pelosi she says quote I'm a master
legislator I don't know she knows how
funny that sounds by the way master
legislator what have you brought to us
in progressive victories I'll wait
progressive victories master legislature
you lost the fight for keeping us out of
Iraq spectacularly you lost the fight to
give tax cuts to the rich under george w
bush you lost almost every fight under
george w bush where's the master
legislator maybe I'm missing it and then
under Obama well we did get one thing
passed Obamacare which they are now
destroying I'm a master legislator well
if you view for example she'll say and
we're gonna talk more about in a second
oh I've always been for single-payer I'm
not a Ford now but I've always been for
it really when have you ever fought for
it whenever you ever gotten it past
master legislator know you've never got
in the past and in fact you're in the
Obamacare fight you you were among the
people who let go public option no
that's a bit too much that you think oh
we have a super majority but no let's
not do a public option hey hey look I
didn't call your master legislator you
did so that puts the the burden on you
to prove that somehow you got these
legislative victories that were amazing
that we're better than expected where
are those representative Pelosi cuz I
don't think the American people are
seeing them when asked to further
support this she said quote people just
flock to support me oh my god I don't
think that's your issue I've gotta be
honest with you but again the same thing
as Hillary Clinton hubris hubris on top
of hubris you have to be with me watch
to support me everybody Jesus Christ and
why does she believe he's insane things
that nobody else in the country believes
every Republican runs ads against Nancy
Pelosi do you think
because they think Nancy Pelosi is
really popular no they run those ads
because they think Nancy Pelosi is
really unpopular but in her circle she's
got a bunch of sycophants around her who
are like oh yes Nancy absolutely nasty
you are the most master legislator we've
ever seen Nancy
so here's Emmanuel cleaver who says look
cleaver as upsides to and all these
people are complicated got upsides
downsides but in this case he has this
incredibly annoying quota of nobody
pushed Michael Jordan into retirement
Michael Jordan one things he won six
championships
where are championships I mean first of
all you don't have the house you were
Speaker of the House you're not the
Speaker of the House therefore you did
not win you lost okay and but that's not
the point the point is legislative
victories policy victories I'm still
waiting for them if this is the best
they got then you got to step aside
right now if you think this is winning
and you think this is a wonderful
example of legislating that these last
20 years you've got to go right now you
got to go this minute because if this is
the best we can do that is an incredibly
low bar then I can't have that person
content with failure filled with hubris
having all these sycophants are under go
you're Michael Jordan Nancy Pelosi don't
worry about it
now how about policy this you plan to
win in the future the answer is no let's
think single-payer is an example New
York Times reports she is resisting
calls for House Democrats to run on
single-payer health care coverage and is
an unapologetic pragmatist when it comes
to those in her ranks who deviate from
orthodoxy you know what that means that
means single-payer were definitely not
doing it the leader the Democrats in the
House says she promises that she will
not do it how are you going to win if
you promise ahead of time that you're
going to quit and then she says that
she's a pragmatist well if you're a
pragmatist and it led to victories and
you said well look I promise you policy
victories later but I'm at least gonna
give you legislative victories electoral
victories well where are those those
don't exist either
I don't know if you know this Nancy
Pelosi you're not Speaker of the House
anymore cuz you lost you there is no
pragmatism in failure
you can clean pragmatism if you had
succeeded but you have not but to them
they're like what do you mean the
money's still flowing in we're wildly
successful no you're not success is
actually getting wins like a single
payer in here in this case you're not
only refused to fight did you notice the
end of the sentence she is going against
those ranks who deviate from orthodoxy
so if you deviate from the establishment
that's when Nancy Pelosi is a tiger
that's when the establishment all of a
sudden roars its hen goes how dare are
you
you will not deviate from orthodoxy but
I'm four I'm a master legislator who's
gonna give us program progressive
victories you just promised us that you
won't that you won't even fight for
progressive victories okay when asked
why why on God's green earth weren't you
fight on this quote from Nancy Pelosi
the comfort level with the broader base
of the American people is not there yet
well that is factually incorrect as I'm
going to show you there but under that
logic Nancy Pelosi the comfort level of
the American people is not with you
apparently so according to your own
logic you should step aside immediately
okay but on to single-payer she says the
comfort level is not there a 2016 Gallup
poll found that 58% of Americans favored
replacing Obamacare with a federally
funded healthcare system that is not
going for the right that is going for
their left the Washington Post reported
April 2017 quote a recent survey from
the economists YouGov found that a
majority of Americans supporting support
expanding Medicare to provide health
insurance to every American that is
Medicare for all but will you fight on
that no majority of people are not there
you're wrong you're factually incorrect
fifty-eight percent say yes I want a
government-run program it's so and a
majority say yes I want Medicare for all
can I be any more specific but the
donors don't want Medicare for all the
donors don't want you to have
single-payer so Nancy Pelosi tells you
it's not Prag
maduk it's not that when you run those
ads and you put Nancy Pelosi's picture
on it I'm a guy who does not want to run
from any fights so if I thought that
they were attacking her because she's
too liberal and that's what was working
I would double down I'd send in someone
even more liberal than her and I would
fight for our ideas but that's not why
it works it works because they don't
associate her with liberal they
associate her with out-of-touch elite
establishment and they are right so
because if they associated her with
liberal they'd say Oh didn't
medicare-for-all that's the thing I like
that's very progressive Nancy Pelosi is
progressive I like dancing Pelosi that's
not the direction they're going in so
what is she good at and another ally
Steve Cohen and a guy I like again these
guys are complicated from Tennessee says
this is in favor of Nancy Pelosi quote
she's good at the wealthier folk mmm
indeed indeed now we go to the New York
Times again miss Pelosi boasting that
she was the biggest fundraiser in the
country still in office dismissed
suggestions that her time had passed and
she could not help but note that her
critics did not mind benefiting from her
financial prowess that's right we have a
sick corrupt system where the person who
receives the most amount of legalized
bribes is considered the leader and
every once in a while somebody will take
a potshot at Nancy Pelosi but they still
live under the same system and they
still like that she funneled some of
those legalized bribes to them so
they're like oh she's Michael Jordan
she's wonderful she shouldn't leave
she's good with the wealthier folks and
by the way the guys I quoted are
actually among the better guys there are
much worse guys out there and so if you
and they're like oh well we might go
from Nancy Pelosi to Crowley or to Steny
Hoyer Steny Hoyer is better than Nancy
Pelosi this is the weak sauce Nancy
Pelosi he's just someone who isn't quite
as accomplished in getting quite as many
bribes as they say Pelosi is again the
system allows for it it's legal I'm not
saying they're doing anything illegal
but when you take
all this money and you brag about it I
don't know if you know this it might
leave the impression that you're among
the elites and among this corrupt who
have filled the swamp with their donors
so it doesn't mean that Trump is right
Trump has made this swamp much worse but
you're not helping by going down the
same road and just loosening those guys
and go oh well they have more money what
could I do you could change the system
that's what you could do oh but that
would be hard yeah I guess we would need
a master legislator for that all right
and she they explained their actual
numbers since entering the House
Democratic leadership in 2002 miss
Pelosi has raised nearly five hundred
and sixty eight million dollars for her
party just into 2016 election cycle she
raised over a hundred and forty-one
million dollars yes in the old days when
nobody noticed the corruption or they
had barely begun to notice the
corruption that would have been a big
positive in your column I'm not unaware
of that I understand that in these days
we can see you you can't hide behind TV
anymore
there's something called the Internet
where we can see all these numbers okay
Beto O'Rourke was one of the good guys
he's a Democrat of Texas does not take
PAC money does not take corporate money
and he's gonna run against Ted Cruz very
likely in the Senate in Texas he says
you can't tell people you're against big
money that you're fighting for the
average American and then spend so much
of your time with PACs and corporate
interests and the very wealthy common
sense that's why Bernie Sanders is the
most popular politician in the country
right now but the Democratic
establishment refuses to see it and
better work makes a good point she says
if money were the critical factor we'd
be in the majority right now if money
were the critical factor in presidential
races Hillary Clinton would have won yes
Nancy Pelosi you are right you have
raised more money than anyone else
what you don't realize though is that
used to be an advantage that is now a
significant disadvantage
what a signals and cues the American
people is is that you're celebrating the
corruption you are not necessarily
personally corrupt but the system has
been corrupted so when you rev
in that systemic corruption people don't
see oh well that's a person that's
fighting for us they see a person
fighting for their donors and they're
not wrong about that now this is the
last thing and very important they asked
Trump voters and you're gonna say who
cares about rumblers no no these are
people who voted for Barack Obama and
then switched over and voted for Trump
so that's very important why did they
switch over from Obama to Trump now
don't tell me it's race that's a look
that's a tough to do in that particular
category
now that might have been some segment of
that population but overall these are
guys who are discontented with the way
things are going they thought Obama was
gonna bring them change so they're not
wedded to Republicans they're not net
wedded to white people or evangelicals
or anything like that they just want
change and but they felt like they
didn't get it so they went to Trump
instead so when they were asked what
does the Democratic Party stand for the
top three answers were the 1% the status
quo and therefore the party themselves
and the party unfortunately I think
they're correct so if you can't see the
problem that the Democratic Party has
and you can't see the systemic
corruption and you think you're doing a
great job amongst all of these electoral
losses and an absolute disaster on the
policy front then I'm afraid that you
don't understand what's happening in
this country at all and you're
definitely not the right person to lead
the Democrats out of the wilderness out
of the losses and actually beat Donald
Trump in the Republican Party you have
to understand the voters and how much
they hate this corruption in order to be
able to beat the Republicans and if you
can't do that and all you want to do is
live in your bubble of hubris then we've
got to ask you to step aside
Young Turks if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network comm /join
