well we had good news in st. Louis
Missouri they raise the minimum wage
recently went up to $10 look I think it
should be at 15 it's a good first step
though and in 2018 I was gonna go to $11
so wait why don't I just say it was
going to go to 11 because there's no
good news that can last in this country
what do you think we live in a democracy
so we go to The Huffington Post now Dave
Jameson writing and explaining after st.
Louis leaders raise the wage floor for
workers with their city limits the state
GOP recently passed what's known as a
statewide preemption law forbidding
localities from taking such matters into
their own hands on Friday
Missouri governor Eric Greitens said he
would let the law go into effect there
by barring cities and counties from
setting a minimum wage higher than the
state level see what they did there Oh
st. Louis you want to pay your workers
more no I don't think so
we're pre-empting your active decency
with an act of gross Cruelty now the
governor in this case is a Republican
and didn't have the guts to actually
just sign the law he let it go into
effect without signing it why did he do
that
because he knows that people are going
to be furious now I'll give you the the
full context of how devastating this is
to the working poor and middle class
remember they're working you don't get
the minimum wage if you're a bum and
you're not working so although the
propaganda they do against poor people
and middle-class people
it's nonsense they work really really
hard so here's what happened for low
wage earners to st. Louis itself the new
law will have a startling consequence it
will actually push the minimum wage back
down from the city approved $10 per hour
so the state approves seven dollars and
70 cents the downgrade is slated to take
effect on August 28th let's talk about
how devastating that is as a percentage
of their income for someone earning the
bare minimum that's a potential cut of
23%
they're giving tax cuts like it's like
it's no one's business so their highest
income earners in the country the
average person in the top 1% not from
the tax cuts that are that's coming next
but just from the tax cuts with in
health care reform those are the smaller
tax cuts are gonna get about I think
$35,000 per household in the top 1%
they're gonna get an extra $35,000 per
household the numbers get astronomical
when you get to the higher brackets I
think that the 400 richest people are
gonna get like an extra seven million
dollars a year from the taxes just
inside health care reform then the
larger tax cuts and tax reform comes but
when it comes to the poor and middle
class that are working they're going to
cut your wages in st. Louis by a quarter
it's not like you were getting rich off
of $10 an hour you could barely survive
on $10 an hour and then they're gonna
cut it by 1/4 and then meanwhile when
they do the tax cuts for the rich you
know where they tell you oh that's not
for the rich that's for you guys so that
it could trickle down on you how about
instead of trickling down on me you let
me keep a $10 minimum wage which doesn't
even pay the bills and barely allows you
to survive
no don't worry I'm gonna give it all to
the rich and eventually maybe it'll
trickle down to you but meanwhile I'm
going to take your money and by the way
where does that go well why do you think
they're passing the law well because
their donors told them to pass the law
what donors the employers who say look
I'd rather have my executives make more
money it's not like these businesses
aren't profitable they're almost all
incredibly profitable but no they have
to maximize profit in order to maximize
profit who are they going to take it
from they're gonna take it from you so
look if we had a decent democracy in
this country we'd have a $15 minimum
wage we might have one have one that's
even higher and when businesses do well
that's great we all win the businesses
win small businesses
businesses the workers etc but that's
not the system we have we have a system
that allows for legalized bribery where
you can just go to politicians give them
a campaign donations and they do
whatever the hell they won't you want
them to and what is that led to gross
income inequality it's not an accident
this is how it happens they cut your
wages and they give tax cuts to the rich
and then they go Oh golly gee I just I
think that's the market that's not the
market that's you buying off politicians
and destroying people who are working
for a living and you think it's just in
st. Louis no no no at least 17 states
have preemption laws that stand in the
way of local minimum wage legislation
according to a recent study by the
National League of Cities they didn't in
Birmingham two in Birmingham
the n-double-a-cp is now filing a civil
rights lawsuit because Birmingham is 73
percent african-american they raise the
minimum wage to $10.10 again not a huge
number and has not kept up with
inflation at all has not kept up with
the productivity of the American worker
at all you're still not getting anywhere
near what you should have $10.10 but
Alabama didn't like the Birmingham was
getting a higher wage so the state of
Alabama comes in and goes yeah I'm gonna
take that higher minimum wage away just
like they did in Missouri look what can
you do about it you got to get money out
of politics so wolf dash pack.com if you
don't do that they're gonna do this to
you for ever you got to stand up and
fight so that when you actually do work
your ass off you could actually get a
decent wage for it and feed your family
okay wolf dash pack.com get money out of
politics volunteer help however you can
oh the second way is if you don't have
real Democrats real progressives
representing you the Democrats are gonna
get steamrolled every time so in st.
Louis there's a person running for
Congress who says the minimum wage
should be way higher she's a justice
Democrat her name is Corey Bush and if
you want strong fighters who actually
fight for you she doesn't take any PAC
money that's if you're just Democratic
you're not allowed to take PAC money
you're not taking allowed to take
corporate money you only small donors
that way you know the
she's representing you and not the
donors so why is she for a higher
minimum wage because nobody bought her
off so that she would be able for a
lower minimum wage and pretend that
she's actually doing it for you she does
have to pretend to do anything so go
read more about her go to vote Cory Bush
calm and if you want to help her with
the small donations vote Cory Bush calm
/ Dhoni but look if you're in Birmingham
do likewise if you're in any of those 17
areas you'll likewise don't let them sit
there and take money from your family
and just let them get away with it fight
back the way you're supposed to in this
system fight back through democracy
through politics regain that power that
is why they are so scared of
organizations like Justice Democrats and
our revolution and all these people that
are actually fighting back to get real
change and they're not going to give it
to you if you ask pretty please
you have to take it back the way you do
that is by supporting candidates and
groups like this so we get money out of
politics so that they represent voters
and not donors helped us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
