last October AT&T offered to buy Time
Warner for only 85 billion dollars so
that's not BCH ient merger it has to get
in a sense approved by the federal
government and then I talk about this
all the time that there are these parent
corporations that that run a lot of
these media organizations since CNN is
under Time Warner which if the mergers
approved would be under AT&T
well they care a lot more about some of
the approvals that are gonna happen then
they care about necessarily the ratings
of one of your channels in that giant
media organization and some of those
organizations their parent corporations
aren't even media so in the case of Time
Warner they largely are a media company
in the old days when GE used to own NBC
they are largely defense contractors
they had other lines of business as well
but their biggest was defense contractor
so they had they were making money in
other ways they needed media both for a
profit Center but also for marketing
purposes
so that's reality and when you mentioned
that sometimes people go oh no corporate
interest and billions of dollars on the
line that would never affect anyone's
decision how dare you well the one good
thing about the Trump era is that
they're a little bit more brazen in
their corruption so it leads to a tiny
bit more honesty
whether it's accidental or not so in
this case the trouble administration is
saying yeah yeah we we might take
politics into account in how we evaluate
this merger now they're not technically
supposed to but I got news for you guys
right and by the way if you're in the
mainstream media I hope you're sitting
because you're gonna be shocked to
chagrin when I tell you that under old
administrations yes the Obama
administration the Bush administration
Republicans and Democrats alike they
considered your politics when they were
considering mergers and they considered
donations I know that they will say
until they're blue in the face oh how
dare you are you challenging the
nobility of these honorable gentlemen my
answer to that is yes I am I believe
that of course it took it was relevant
and of course look when I was at MSNBC
and I was a host there I was told over
and over again and that is why I left
that I had to know who the home team was
the home team apparently
the Democratic Party why Comcast the
largest media organization in the world
is run by a bunch of liberals no that is
not the reason why because at that time
the Obama administration was the ones
that got to decide our mergers for
Comcast going to get approved are we
gonna have net neutrality are we not
gonna have net neutrality those are
multi-billion dollar decisions oh how is
your ratings at six o'clock on MSNBC
King who cares again in the Trump era
since they can't contain themselves
they're just more blatant about it so
that brings us to report from the New
York Times they explained that White
House advisors have discussed the
potential point of leverage over their
adversary a senior administration
officials set a pending merger between
CNS parent company Time Warner and AT&T
mr. Trump's Justice Department will
decide whether to approve the merger and
while analysts say there is little to
stop the deal from moving forward
the president's animus towards CNN
remains a wildcard drops okay so there
you have some significant drama
now for whoever the White House is
leaking that is obviously means to do
one thing which is to intimidate CNN too
they might be very that might be a very
real threat now
previous administrations were
sophisticated enough not to leak that to
the press because it then triggers
several different things number one it's
technically illegal to do that the
Department of Justice doesn't approve
the merger it can try to block the
merger and ask for an injunction but if
it does they go to court and the court
can then see did you block it for
because you thought it limited
competition for legitimate reasons or
did you block it for illegitimate
reasons like political reasons well if
you told the New York Times you did it
for political reasons that might not
help your cause Plus you don't want to
raise your hand and say I'm doing
something kind of illegal here right or
we're threatening to do something
illegal I guarantee you the Obama
administration would not have been that
unsophisticated no matter what they
actually did in reality so now CNN gets
to say we would never take this in the
consider
but media reports it had recently been
reported that AT&T might be looking to
neutralize CNN president Jeff Zucker as
part of the merger with options ranging
from firing him to King him upstairs to
a corporate executive job with no real
input at CNN and that's how this game is
played
now today Jeff Zucker is out there going
no way they wouldn't do this if you say
so Jeff okay but as you know sometimes
that is exactly how it goes down and
that would be sophisticated of Time
Warner not the fire Jeff Zucker but to
give him a promotion where he gets more
money at MSNBC I was offered more money
but yeah I was moved from I was offered
to move from primetime to the weekends
were less people see you so Jeff you
might get more money in a promotion but
you're gonna go to an office where
nobody's ever gonna hear from you again
now that is one of the possibilities now
that it's not more out in the open it's
harder to execute so any forces CNN they
say no way and it and it puts sucker I
think in some ways in a better position
because if you do it now it'll seem
fairly obvious look we're having this
conversation right now so everybody
knows about so who knows who does that
happen in all of these administrations
where they say hey if you play ball
usually for more subtly than the Trump
administration is said it in this
instance then we'll maybe approve your
mergers and if you don't your and you
rock the boat then maybe your merger
doesn't get approved in this case
they're brazen it's potentially illegal
but are they are they going to take that
into account when they make their
decision of course they are of course
they are and hence why mainstream media
cares about access does it really matter
to have a boring Republican or
Democratic congressman or senator on
television no that doesn't help your
ratings at all I know I was there the
ratings don't go up they go down when
you have a boring politician on you
don't need access for better ratings you
need access for
like government merger approval so
before I would say those things and
people in the mainstream would shake
their heads ago Oh corporations and
politicians carrying about billions of
dollars Janke that so uncouth of you to
say now the Trump administration has
made it public they're saying of course
we care about that money and that is a
tool that we use to control the press
now you know at least help us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
