some people today actually in the news
when it comes to the Senate health care
bill are are feeling pretty excited that
Mitch McConnell is basically saying
without saying that the odds aren't
looking good for him some people getting
very excited I would say getting ahead
of themselves because this thing is not
dead we saw the same thing happen with
the House version of Trump care so I
don't think anyone should get complacent
just yet they are still trying to strike
some sort of deal and they could come
back from this resource with one of a
variety of different deals one that
we're going to discuss on the show today
has been proposed by Senator Ted Cruz
now he is one of the senators who hasn't
yet signed on to the bill because he
doesn't think that it's conservative
enough he doesn't think it does enough
to destroy the protections and subsidies
set up under the ACA and so he's got a
plan and we're gonna there's multiple
aspects to it we're gonna break down the
core component which is this as long
under his plan as long as a health plan
offered at least one Obamacare compliant
plan in a state the plan would also be
allowed to offer non Obamacare compliant
plans in that state so what does that
mean that means you could have plans
that don't have to allow people with
pre-existing conditions on or plans that
don't have to cover certain essential
services plans that theoretically would
allow people with pre-existing
conditions but would charge them far
more for their health insurance and that
could come in a variety of different
forms but as long as you had that one
plan that did things the way they're
being done now you could have all sorts
of others now on its surface I think
some people are gonna see that and think
well that seems kind of reasonable that
way you know you can still get health
insurance if you have a pre-existing
condition you can go on that one plan
unfortunately when you analyze it it
doesn't work out as rosalie as Ted Cruz
would have you believe first of all as
the Obamacare markets have the people
who need that plan so that they can get
insurance go to it
those people necessarily will be more
sick than the people who don't choose it
creating effectively high-risk pools in
those Obamacare markets so everything we
have now would become a de facto
high-risk pool inside of that premiums
would increase and because those are the
plans that would then be subsidized by
the taxpayers more and more money would
have to go into those
cities to keep things at parity right
now and it's likely that Republicans
would not be willing to increase the
subsidies along the way but then think
about this what about for the people who
still want those plans that actually
provide coverage for a variety of
essential services they don't
necessarily have a pre-existing
condition anything like that but they
want that plan well those people
theoretically are not going to receive
subsidies from the government to stay on
those plans although the premiums will
continue to rise and so if you want
health insurance is actually worth
something under Ted Cruz's plan you
would end up spending far far more so he
calls this consumer freedom okay so if
you have a pre-existing condition you're
no longer guaranteed coverage so you
have the freedom to pay a ton more money
if you splinter the different kinds of
insurance you can get so this is a
Republican vision of the world which is
everybody in it for themselves so if
you're young and healthy well I don't
need a bunch of surance and so you're
gonna charge me less I win
I was already winning I wouldn't even
more now right if you're older or you're
sick or you have the pre-existing
condition well you're gonna get charged
much more money because the insurance is
gonna say why would I want to cover you
you're sick right so if you want
insurance it's gonna cost you more than
you could afford yeah freedom freedom oh
it's a good it feels good to be free
yeah so one of the Republican staffers
not a Democrat a Republican staffer said
a CB oak there that's the Budget
Office's independent nonpartisan will
come back and say the market will be
destroyed by this plan and forty five
million people will be left without
insurance yeah well look at that you're
free you're so free you don't even have
insurance and what you have there with
the forty five million is that they have
this myth that right now Obamacare is in
what they call a death spiral now the
CBO report that came out evaluating the
Senate health care plan said that it is
not currently in a death spiral that's
simply not true but this Ted Cruz plan
that is what it would set up when you
segment the market that way and
necessarily drive up costs and drive
people to plans that don't actually come
or anything which of course leads to
more bankruptcies and pretty mature
deaths and all of that you will kill the
system and of course Ted Cruz Ted Cruz
wants the entire thing killed so that's
not like an unfortunate consequence that
he didn't foresee that is the end goal
for Ted Cruz and unfortunately it looks
like some Republicans might be behind
this now Americans are strongly
supportive of requiring plans to cover
everybody no matter their health that's
at 69% approval in a poll from November
2016 this directly goes against that and
at least one GOP aide who's involved
these issues says I would say that if we
voted on the Cruz proposal it would be
in the neighborhood of 37 to 15 against
37 no votes and 15 yeses and that's
probably generous but again do not allow
yourself to be disarmed those potential
noes are worthless if they eventually
turn into yeses and that's why you can't
let your guard down so by the way
there's another poll that came out just
last month 77 say it's not important to
cover preview with pre-existing
conditions it's very important 77%
saying very important they want you to
cover people who have pre-existing
conditions Ted Cruz says no so who are
the people that don't want it covered
well it is group Republican conservative
groups like Freedom Works and Club for
Growth what do they want they want lower
taxes on the rich so Ted Cruz pretends
to be this principled warrior in reality
here go to graphic 43 let me show you
who's actually is okay this is Ted Cruz
so the reason after is saying that he
wouldn't support Trump and saying that
you should vote you're conscious even in
the middle of the convention he went up
phone-banking like okay I'll leave the
words out but you can see what he looks
like there at the end it's because his
donors told him hey Ted who the hell do
you think you work for go and phonebank
for Trump you loser
you pathetic failure and he did because
he's not a principled person all he does
is carry water for the richest people in
the country so Freedom Works and Club
for Growth says your bill Republicans is
not draconian enough I need it to be
even worse
I don't care the three-quarters of
Americans want you to cover people with
pre-existing conditions that doesn't
give me enough tax cuts so you will not
cover it so right now that what they're
doing is negotiating for an even more
draconian bill and I'm with John don't
bet against it they will at the end if I
know Republicans they will all serve
their donors help us build the
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
