much like Donald Trump's father Jared
Kushner's family accumulated incredible
wealth through real estate investments
in fact over the past decade the
Kushner's have spent billions of dollars
snatching up or developing properties
throughout New York and New Jersey
unsurprisingly there are special tax
saving goodies for folks like the
Trump's and Kushner's that the average
American unlikely takes advantage of or
probably doesn't even know anything
about one of them is something known as
the depreciation deduction which often
serves as a giant tax loophole for real
estate investors through excellent
reporting by the New York Times we
recently learned that this tax loophole
allowed Jared Kushner to get away with
avoiding federal income taxes for
several years even though his net worth
quintupled to 325 million dollars and
believe it or not he hasn't broken any
laws we we think the IRS should probably
look into all of this just in case but
it probably won't look for the sake of
this conversation let's assume that
Kushner hasn't committed fraud like his
father-in-law did when he inherited more
than four hundred million dollars from
his daddy through severely undervaluing
assets why don't know how it's possible
for a multi-millionaire to avoid taxes
even though his net worth keeps growing
because our tax system is purposely set
up to help the rich get richer everyone
else gets nickeled and dimed by the IRS
now the depreciation tax deduction
assumes that buildings values decline
every year when in reality they often
gain value it's enormous flexibility
allows real estate investors to
determine their own tax bills and again
that's according to the New York Times
we know that Kushner's property
investments haven't actually depreciated
in value look unless you're living under
Iraq home values have skyrocketed in
most major cities in recent years
especially in places like Los Angeles
and New York actually if you're living
under a rock it's probably because home
values have gone up so much that it's
become nearly impossible for the
middle-class to afford a place to live
to be clear there are maintenance costs
when you own investment properties and
those
expenses should be tax-deductible but it
appears that Kushner is reporting excess
losses in an effort to avoid paying any
taxes in other words this tax deduction
is getting abused as the Times reports
in 2015 for example mr. Kushner took
home one point seven million dollars in
salary and investment gains but those
earnings were swamped by 8.3 million
dollars of losses largely because of
quote significant depreciation that
Kushner and his company took on their
real estate wouldn't it be great if
average Americans could get a gargantuan
tax cut for the things that they've
invested in but have depreciated in
value you know things like furniture
clothes cars or like maybe the president
now as far as Trump goes we started off
with the Jalopy the kind that makes loud
obnoxious noises when it overheats his
engine always seems to be revved up but
he never moves us forward his gear is
constantly stuck in Reverse his
efficiency is subpar and the only thing
we see coming out of his exhaust pipe is
Dark Soul polluting muck and according
to Gallup only 45 percent of the country
approved of Trump once he was in charge
of getting us from point A to point B
inauguration day but since inauguration
day in January of 2017 our investment in
Trump has actually depreciated quite a
bit 5:38 found that only 42 percent of
americans approved of him by September
of this year and poll numbers aren't and
shouldn't be the end-all be-all I want
to hear from the people who actually
voted for Trump you know the people who
trusted him the most and firmly believed
in investing their cash in that clunker
do they feel like their investment is
depreciating Anthony how are you feeling
afraid of what a dictator in the White
House he has no empathy for anything he
will never admit when he makes a mistake
what were you imagining when you voted
for President Trump he said the system
is rigged
and he said he was going to be a new
sheriff in town and all he's done is
surrounded himself with crooks how many
people have been indicted that were
close cahoots with him and they're in
front of the world stage he looks at
Putin and puts his arm around him and
says this is my buddy
all right I mean that doesn't sound good
looks like one of Trump supporters
regrets putting all of his eggs in one
basket case but that's just one guy
right the divisive nough sin this
country right now and the rhetoric
coming from the president is a daily
exhausting thing I worried that the
dictator the wannabe dictator in the
White House will make it where we don't
even have anymore elections in that case
can we also get a tax deduction for the
depreciation of our democratic process
just want to know I think I'm more
feeling embarrassed as a lifelong
Republican I guess I would consider
myself you know part of the religious
right and now the values that I see
coming from the White House just don't
mesh up with what I believe can you
pinpoint a moment that you changed from
being a president Trump supporter to
feeling embarrassed even listening to
his the inauguration speech just go oh
very dark was dark and antagonistic and
there there has not seemed to be any
effort to unite the country it's it's
always us against someone or these
people against someone else yeah bad
investments suck but the first step to
getting help is admitting you made a bad
choice and I do appreciate these
Americans for keeping their minds open
enough to acknowledge their mistakes but
they're certainly not getting a
depreciation tax break my advice with
Trump do the exact opposite of what
you're supposed to do with the stock
market you know how you're supposed to
buy low and sell high with Trump it only
makes sense to sell right now before our
country's values depreciate any further
the best way to do that is to vote in
the midterms so we can have
congressional leader
who at least shift the country from
reverse to neutral possibly even to
drive until the 2020 presidential
election you never have to miss another
episode of no filter by ringing the bell
below you'll get notified whenever we
publish something new and don't forget
to join TYT and download the TYT Plus
app today download our TYT Plus app on
your iPhone or head over to TYT dot-com
/ join
