so my great-aunt was everybody loved her
she's such a great person and she was
feisty and so I have a lot of strong
women in my family and so this is the
story of like how they try to marry her
off it was arranged marriages when she
was growing up she recently passed away
she was a hundred so she's old school
right and she was and so and she refused
and they're like I don't get it what do
you mean refused you can't it's an
arranged marriage so your dad says it
it's done right and she's like that's
like your opinion man not gonna do it
okay and so then the guy sued her which
is so weird right who gets sued for not
getting married in like 1930 whenever
right and and so they go to court I'm
abbreviating the story and then she's
there like you know he's winning the
case I we you know I came I did the
right thing she was supposed to marry me
she didn't yada yada and then they call
her up to the stand and and as she's a
young girl at that point 18 whatever
right and so and then a but in her
testimony she goes look at him Oh would
you marry a elbow from the sky she won
the case wow that guy has like
self-esteem issues for the rest of his
life what you should buy oh you should
have fuck with my family yeah bad idea
we knew how to debate all the way back
then note the ben shapiro and second of
all look i mean it is a clownish lawsuit
yeah yeah I imagine even back then but
every like the way that the story sold
in the family that everybody in town
expected that he would win right because
he was in the right right in that in the
day right on etiquette but the judges
like having good point
