chris Christie is currently polling at
around a 15% approval which is not only
really bad it's actually the worst a
governor has ever polled as long as
they've been tracking it in terms of
approval and we're talking about some
governor's that at the end were under
criminal investigation still had
approval ratings higher than Chris
Christie but despite that he has found a
way to possibly drive his approval
rating even lower and it started with a
recent government shutdown in New Jersey
which of course led to certain services
being a shut down now one of them is the
island Beach State Park the entrance was
closed Saturday July 1st because of the
shutdown which means that people could
not access that state park well actually
that's wrong it's not that people can't
access it it's numb chris Christie
people can't access it because if you go
to this photo you're gonna see that
journalists got in a plane and flew over
if you could jumped up to p1 and flew
over the beach and happen to say oh my
god who is that well that is chris
christie and his immediate family and
friends oh that's my favorite yeah there
that's them so look at that beautiful
shot of almost the entire beach not
being occupied except by chris christie
well so you know I even Edward Snowden
tweeted about like this is the perfect
example of you know what's happening
with our government today yeah where
it's only for the elite it's only no one
else is allowed on the beach which of
course that makes them even happier
there's no riffraff and masses around
them yeah exactly
masses anyway so a lot of people
obviously having a lot of fun with this
if we could go to this picture you're
gonna see a nice sand castle that was
made in His image there and then also
there was one writer if we could jump to
the next one
this had like over seventy thousand
likes
it's his book is being read and for some
reason they chose to blur out the crotch
which even if there's no nudity when you
blurred out makes it seem kind of dirty
and though you photoshop the book in by
Photoshop the book in yes he was
actually reading the book so look this
would be bad enough but the attempt to
deceive the public makes it even worse
and so chris Christie later that same
day this past weekend had a news
conference and at that news conference
Prince Christy was asked if he got any
Sun Sunday he said I didn't I didn't get
any Sun today when later told of the
photo that we just showed you Brian
Murray the governor spokesman said yes
the government was on the beach briefly
today talking to his wife and family
before heading in the office he did not
get any Sun he had a baseball hat on oh
and by talking to his wife and family
briefly he meant lounging in a chair in
beachwear woken up the Sun and enjoying
himself that's one of my favorite lies
though oh no I wasn't out in the Sun oh
you have pictures uh he had a baseball
hat on dude game flippers you have
flip-flops on oh my god that photo would
they show that nobody can go on there's
just amazing by the way my favorite take
on this is probably from Tony posnansky
said Chris Christie closing the beach
the public and only opening it for
himself is the most real life Cartman
South Park thing ever which is totally
true and yeah and my my takeaway was
this very similar to what you said that
a lot of politicians politicians have
always considered themselves to be
better and more powerful and more above
the regular man but there seems to be an
increasing belief that there is nothing
they can do that can hurt themselves no
matter how arrogant no matter how cruel
no matter how tone-deaf they are better
than you and they are going to exercise
that they're not going to hide it
anymore doesn't matter if you put a
journalist in a plane to take photos
because when he was confronted with the
truth of this he said specifically if
you want these sorts of privileges run
and become governor he literally said
that ok he's better than you because he
became governor and if you want to show
him you just need to beat him in the
next election so he has a couple of
residences the governor of New Jersey
one is in Princeton another one is the
one that you are looking at there so his
literal quote was well I'm sorry they're
not the governor so it's good to be king
yeah so the governor gets to shut down
the beach and use it just for himself
that's not supposed to be one of the
privileges of being governor yeah so yes
you get that residence I get that that's
not the conversation we're having we're
not saying never go to that residence
yeah we're saying if you don't allow
anyone else on the
Beach perhaps you should live by the
same laws as the rest of us exactly but
in him he's brazen he says there's a
residence we have a residence of
Princeton as well and that place is a
place where people can go in tour but if
the government is closed but they can't
if the government's closed am I supposed
to move out stay at Hotel that's the way
it goes
run for governor and you could have the
residence this is this is Donald Trump
behavior this is spend 20% of your
presidency on the golf course behavior
like I imagine if we had presidents in
or imagine Sanders was the governor of
New Jersey do you think he'd be lounging
on the beach there no he would say okay
look the state is obviously at a crisis
right now we've got a government
shutdown I'm not gonna be having fun at
the beach I'm gonna be working to
resolve this crisis and fix things for
the people of New Jersey that's how you
show leadership now if I putting on your
flip-flops and a hat and soaking up the
Sun on a New Jersey beach but they but
they're not in it to solve actual
problems they're in it for the
privileges the benefits and the power
and just a couple of weeks ago when they
asked him about his disastrous approval
ratings and by the way to be fair I read
that he was the fourth least popular
governor in US history I read most
Popper since they've been I'll look it
up well yeah North post or most number
one I follow some fake news if he's if
he's not if he's in fact number four
he's trying real hard to get to number
one so don't say that he's not working
hard okay and they didn't allow Cub
Scouts into that's to a state park at
the same time but to be fair those Cub
Scouts their world governors they want
to get into the state park they should
have just been governors you know what
I'm saying and a couple of weeks ago
chris Christie said when asked about
those approval numbers it's like who
cares I'm not running again not not oh
the people who that I'm supposed to
represent are dissatisfied with me maybe
I'm doing something wrong it's who cares
there's nothing in it for me anymore
yeah if you liked this video you'll love
the whole TYT Network check it out at
TYT Network com /join
