quick story for you guys on CNN versus
Donald Trump there yes they're doing
polling on this now Survey Monkey did a
poll and they asked who people trust
most is published by Axios by the way
another winner 50% saying that they
trust CNN over Trump only 43% saying
Trump over CNN and we understand the CNN
might be entering the primaries for 2020
okay look there's a lot of ways to take
that I'm gonna get to the most important
and optimistic note in this poll in a
second but my god Hillary Clinton
couldn't beat Donald Trump in CNN which
is not very well-liked in the country is
beating Donald Trump I know
apples and oranges but still okay anyway
so you're not going to be surprised to
find out that the divide is very
partisan ninety-one percent of Democrats
find CNN to be more truthful than Trump
that is such a low bar but good good
that's I don't know who the other nine
percent are anyway well eighty nine
percent of Republicans find Trump to be
the more honest broker no you don't know
look there's a lot of problems with CNN
and I've done what a dozen eight dozen
videos criticizing CNN for different
things and I think they do have a bias I
don't think it's a conservative or a
liberal one I think it's an
establishment bias they love the US
government they love the Democratic
Party they love the Republican Party
they don't love Donald Trump as much
he's not part of the establishment
although he has been helped putting them
tremendously with his proposals so far
so if you say you've got criticism of
the FCN and I'm right there with your
brother okay if you say the CNN corner
of lies more than Donald Trump come on
Republicans you don't even believe that
okay the guy lies at an unreal pacing
you know it it within its paragraph
within a sentence you will say two
diametrically opposed things both can't
be true you've seen it a million times
so I don't care how untrustworthy you
think CNN is Donald Trump in this lesser
of two evils if you will is why
more untrustworthy okay so that's my
opinion we've seen the opinion of
Republicans and Democrats most
importantly what do independence think
now the reason this is really important
why I'm doing this story in the first
place is because there's this canard out
there that independents are actually
conservatives they just don't want to
call themselves Republicans I don't know
who came up with that but I've never
seen that to be true I think
independence you know there's a lot of
good things to be said for them they're
they're more independent minded that's
wonderful some are low information
voters it's not so one of our they're
like I don't gonna say give everything
to the rich and the Democrats say
something slightly different I can't
tell the difference no no you should be
able to tell their particular problems
and Democrats they both have a enormous
set of issues I think one party has more
issues but either way you can make a
clear decision on it so I'm not one to
glorify independence like oh my god they
know everything but I'm also have been
skeptical throughout that they're
actually conservatives it's like this
mantra on on TV we're a center-right
country we're a center-right country
right no apparently not right so I
highlight independents come out on this
poll independence backed CNN over the
president by a 55 to 40 split that's
pretty damn good man that's that means
independence by a 15-point margin which
is significant saying that they're not
buying what Trump is selling the fact
that it's versus Siena and it's not that
important
almost anything in there in fact CNN is
apparently not that trustworthy for most
of the American people so when CNN is
beating Donald Trump by 15 points among
independents that means not good news
for Trump among independents I know
everybody thinks he won once and they
want all those special elections and red
districts so it'll never catch up with
him you keep losing independence at that
scale my guess is it catches up with you
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network com slash join
