hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected simultaneously
browse the web with no limits and take
77% off when you sign up at Nord VPN
comm slash tyt or use the code tyt there
is a bombshell report involving Brett
Kavanaugh the Supreme Court nominee and
it is quite a doozy we don't know too
many details about these allegations but
it turns out that some Senate Democrats
have come across some concerning
information and would like to postpone
the vote confirming him as a Supreme
Court justice so this all started with
dianne feinstein she essentially let
everyone know that someone came to her
and said that this individual was the
victim of sexual misconduct and the
person who committed that alleged sexual
misconduct was Brett Kavanaugh and so as
a result Democrats in the Senate would
like to review more of this information
dianne feinstein says as she has
forwarded this information to the FBI
for further investigation so let me give
you her exact quote on this she says i
have received information from an
individual concerning the nomination of
Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court
that individual strongly requested
confidentiality declined to come forward
or press the matter further and I have
honored that decision I have however
referred the matter to federal
investigative authorities meaning the
FBI so we again don't know too much
about this because they haven't released
any real detail into this alleged sexual
misconduct but here is the little tiny
bit that we do know to officials briefed
on the letter's contents told the New
York Times the allegations relate to a
possible sexual misconduct between
Kavanaugh and an unidentified woman when
they were both in high school Kavanaugh
is in his 50s
he's 53 yeah so look back when I was a
Republican I believed in some conspiracy
theories and I thought that maybe they
had brought in and need a hill to try to
make sure Clarence Thomas didn't when
boy I was totally wrong about that and
so Anita Hill of course was incredibly
real and her allegations were real and
then obviously the country back then was
split on whether her allegations were
enough to derail Clarence Thomas's you
know nomination to the Supreme Court in
this so I give you that as context
because senators don't make things up
they're not gonna risk their careers to
make things up so this person went to a
US congressman congresswoman in
California first and that person took at
the Dianne Feinstein now does that mean
that the person is telling the truth we
don't even know who she is we have no
idea right but this is real so that's
point one they have a real person saying
there was this sexual assault a long
long time ago okay now the woman does
not want to come forward with a real
name at all and she's apparently very
very clear about that so if she never
comes forward I don't know what you make
of that I don't know if the FBI can
figure out you know what to do about
this in a short period of time as
they've delayed the confirmation
hearings for a while now and I tell you
all of that because of course the
Republicans are going to say oh it's a
dirty trick by the Democrats etc and the
Republicans would know a thing or two
about dirty tricks to delay confirmation
proceedings so they live in a glass
house on that one now substantively this
happened in high school
so it would have to be a very very
serious charge for I think to in my
opinion to affect the confirmation
proceedings now look I think that
Cavanaugh is would be a terrible justice
I'm 100 percent opposed to him on a
great number of issues including his
view
on women's rights and his views on
citizens united he's Pro corruption and
I think it's unacceptable but and this
charges might be you know I don't know
if it's theirs
they've used different words one phrase
was sexual misconduct the charges might
be serious enough so I'm not prejudging
that at all because I have no idea what
they are but if you're going back to
high school I think they have to be more
and more and more serious
he's a 53 year old man now so that's my
opinion with the very little facts that
we have so far yeah I mean it's hard to
have an opinion with very little facts
it on one hand you know if someone came
to me if I were a u.s. senator and
someone came to me and confided in me
that he or she had been the victim of
sexual misconduct and this Supreme Court
nominee could be confirmed and then
serve as a Supreme Court justice I would
be concerned I think I would probably
handle it the same way that senator
Feinstein handled it but it is difficult
to have an opinion on it because we
don't know anything about this
misconduct we don't know if you know he
had sexually assaulted someone we don't
know if he was sexually harassing a
student we know that he went to an
all-boys school so I don't know you know
in what environment in what context of
this alleged we don't know anything we
don't know anything it's just it's hard
to come out with a strong opinion and I
think that's fine but at the same time
you know for the woman who did come
forward I understand why she wouldn't
want to be identified because we know
how incredibly cruel and and just
terrible it is for women who come
forward and allege any type of sexual
misconduct they immediately become the
enemy and especially when politics is
involved it gets even worse I mean we
saw what happened to Anita Hill we're
living in an even worse Society when it
comes to that issue if you ask me yeah
in a lot of ways we've gone backwards so
Anita Hill was viciously attacked at the
time but that was pre alright pre trolls
pre Trumpy era and so things were bad
back then but there is a particular
witness today so no one can blame the
four and let me be clear went to an
all-boys school but is an unidentified
woman that came forward no one can blame
her for being concerned that the right
wing might try to portray her as
something she's not if she comes forward
okay I so that's why I'm telling you and
I think that I would like to stand on
here on this if he if the allegations
were from last year or you know
relatively recently then there are more
relevantly because they affect his
current character who he is as a person
right now who is as a person right now
that's exactly right Ana but also how he
does on the job how he conduct himself
that conducts himself as a judge
those are super relevant the further
back you go the more the heart of the
standard is if you ask me okay and the
people can disagree on that but I mean
we're gonna judge people on what they
did in high school
what are we considering sexual
misconduct I have no idea I have no idea
again we don't know what the alleged
sexual misconduct is so what if it
wasn't actions but it was words all
right can anyone withstand a scrutiny I
don't know so but I'll leave it at that
because we don't know have any more
information now but if the proceedings
are a little bit delayed as apparently
the FBI looks into it and and I think
that the FBI maybe they can come to a
quick decision because if it goes back
bad for they can see well is this really
serious if it's not really serious I
don't think the FBI is gonna say wait
I'm gonna conduct a federal
investigation on something that happened
you know thirty five years ago if it's
not that serious right but we'll see
so right now the Senate is planning on
voting for Kavanagh or voting in regard
to Kavanagh on September 20th and
Republicans are saying there's
absolutely no reason to postpone this or
delay this we are planning on going
forward as planned but we'll see what
happens and by the way a White House
spokesperson came forward and blamed all
of this on Chuck Schumer as if Chuck
Schumer does anything like like it's
hilarious because Chuck Schumer is
actually not involved in any of this at
all other than the fact that he's a
Democratic senator of
week one at that and so I want to give
you the statement from Kari kupack who
released this statement senator schumer
promised to oppose judge Cavanaugh's
nomination with everything I have and it
appears he is delivering with this 11th
hour attempt to delay his confirmation
except Schumer isn't the person who came
forward with the these allegations with
this statement like the fact that
they're immediately painting it on
Schumer makes me think they have
something to hide you know it's weird to
attack Schumer yeah I don't know we're
really guessing here look dude are the
Democrats doing research on cabin R to
try to find something on them of course
they are and they should be did they
find a woman from high school the Trump
administration confirm 20 federal judges
he brokered a deal with Mitch McConnell
okay to hurry up and confirm 20 federal
judges that Trump chose okay and then
what does a White House do when there's
a little bit of drama with this
Cavanaugh thing they come forward and
they blame Schumer for it
Schumer stopped making deals with
Republicans you are so pathetic he's so
pathetic and embarrassing that's
interesting because you know the
Democrats are constantly under the
belief that no but if we're nice to
Republicans they'll be nice back do they
look like they're being nice back Chuck
on the go don't worry we got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
the Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
