all right we have some more evidence in
which direction conservative justice on
the Supreme Court are gonna go
especially Neil Gorsuch this was Donald
Trump's pick he's now on the court when
he was gonna have for confirmation a lot
of people said oh no he's fine he looks
Pleasant he's not a lunatic like several
other people in Trump's cabinet and
another picks that Trump has made the
Trump initially said when he was on the
primary campaign trail that he was
considering Andrew Napolitano for the
Supreme Court
that's Fox News legal analyst so
compared to that Gorsuch seemed
brilliant and wonderful according to the
mainstream press but what drives me
crazy about them is that they never look
into their records and analyze it with
any degree of rigor and they don't do
that because they don't want to say the
Conservatives stand for things that they
actually stand for which are I think
important to a majority of Americans so
in this case what's happened well
there's a couple of issues that regard
LGBT rights right now now this was all
decided on whether they were supposed to
have equal rights and the ability of
same-sex marriage back in 2015 Supreme
Court very clearly ruled that that
same-sex marriage is legal all across
the country and is a constitutional
issue it is settled law now one of the
things that conservatives are supposed
to care about is precedent and they
always talk about precedent all the
Liberals don't care about president we
care about president well the president
here is super super clear and so earlier
last week Arizona there was an issue of
putting the kids both their parents on
the birth certificate yeah if they are
gay parents Arizona to discriminate and
say no if you're straight parents your
names will go on but if your gay parents
it will not go on the birth certificate
just unequal because we don't think gay
people should have the same rights haha
well this is a well settled matter as I
just explained to you now some
conservative justices actually did care
about the legal principle Oh precedent
and they should get credit and that is
John Roberts the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court I have a thousand issues
with it
but on this issue at least he was
consistent that precedent does matter
and it is well established so if the
Supreme Court ruled one way they should
continue to rule that way that's what
president means okay Gorsuch on the
other hand was like yeah precedent
remember seven I said that I cared about
precedent that's supposed to be an
incredibly important concern
conservative principle if you are in the
legal world I don't really care I don't
care what the president wants I don't
care how recent it was I don't care that
it was in 2015 I'm gonna vote no no gay
people shouldn't have the same rights as
straight people in Arizona so now the
Supreme Court on Friday decided that
they're going to take another case this
time in Texas about whether Houston I
can have their legislation saying that
they're gay employees must be treated
the same way as straight employees and
Gorsuch if Arizona is any indication how
he ruled in that case we'll probably
also rule that that is totally fine so
number one I'm amused that the whether
it's progressives or more likely
consider corporate Democrats or most of
all the establishment press when they to
look at conservative just like Gorsuch
and they said no it'll be fine he's so
pleasant looking and he went to Harvard
and he's such a smart guy and he cares
about legal principles he told us in his
confirmation hearings no it's not gonna
be find they actually thought that he
would be perfectly good for years but
that wasn't his record he's never been
in favor of gay rights he's a religious
zealot and they thought nobody doesn't
look like a religious zealot so he must
be okay he says that he'll be fine on
gay rights so I'm going to ignore all
the evidence well you were wrong he's a
total complete right-wing zealot on gay
rights he does not want Americans to
have the same rights as straight
Americans period it's absolutely clear
and the Arizona ruling let alone all of
his other rulings so you were wrong we
were right he is a zealot just as we
told you you would be okay number two
just stop pretending to service have
principles at all when it comes to legal
matters
Scalia was the number-one practitioner
of this scam he would you know shout and
scream in his cases about how he has all
these legal principles like one was that
was really important with states rights
if States want to be able to
discriminate against gay people for
example they should be able to do that
okay on the other hand when it came to
peyote and allowing that to be legal
nuts they shouldn't have any rights
euthanasia of states shouldn't have any
rights discriminating against black
people states should have rights look
look at his record that's exactly what
happened and then of course famously in
Bush v Gore Scalia said yeah I don't
think Florida has the right to determine
how they do their own voting we're gonna
decide it on a national level don't care
about states rights they are constantly
constantly lying and hypocritical on
that issue now backed up by Gorsuch who
claim to be so principled and now says
yeah if it's against my interpretation
of my religious texts I'm gonna go the
route of the American Taliban I'm gonna
go the route of this being a theocracy
and impose my religion upon you guys I
never cared about precedent or
principles that is what he's screaming
in his actual court opinions he doesn't
say it when he's in front of a camera
but that's exactly what he's saying with
these decisions don't care I'm going to
vote against gay rights by the way
probably for the next 3040 years so all
of you who said that he would be
moderate you are a thousand percent
wrong as usual
