Sarah Huckabee Sanders is upset that the
media continues to criticize Trump and
not focus on all the good things that
she thinks that he's done but he
actually hasn't done at all
case in point reforming the VA take a
look
we've been going on this Russia Trump
hoax for the better part of a year now
with no evidence of anything things like
the success at the VA barely get covered
they may get covered for an hour at a
time but this story gets covered day-in
day-out and I think America is frankly
looking for something better now back in
March we covered a story regarding
members of the military former members
of the military so veterans who had gone
to the White House expecting to meet
with Donald Trump to talk about things
like reforming the VA and they
unfortunately were not met with Donald
Trump they were met by Omarosa and they
were livid about that because they feel
as though they were exploited during the
campaign and unfortunately now that he's
been elected he's been ignoring the
issues that matter most to them now if
you don't believe me or the reporting on
this why don't we hear from an actual
former Navy SEAL in fact the Navy SEAL
who shot and killed Osama bin Laden
during that raid in Pakistan well thank
you Anna all right so Robert O'Neil who
was part of the Navy teams SEAL Team six
SEAL Team six yes who was part of SEAL
Team six and who claims was the one who
shot and killed Osama bin Laden was
pretty outraged at that comment by sarah
huckabee sanders and here's what he had
to say about it
I just heard Sanders talk about
successes at the VA please explain and I
would love to debate you VA is a damn
insult to vets he continues to say
following up to Sarah Huckabee on the VA
I'm a combat vet killed Osama bin Laden
and I pay for private health care most
vets can't afford it and then he says
that he's insulted by her for praising
the VA today
I bet you never had your wallet stolen
by staff while getting a cat scan I have
and finally he says I want to invite her
to go with me to any VA to see how awful
they are I'm sure daddy got you better
health care and that job so he went
after her pretty aggressively right and
and he's not wrong right and and he's
not he's not that I mean again like
going back to the story that we covered
about you know some of the terrible
things that Trump tweeted about Mika
Brzezinski it was to be expected he
showed his true colors when he was
campaigning in regard to women and the
same is true of vets it's true that he
exploited vets pretended like he cared
about them when he didn't at all
remember when he pretended like he was
fundraising for the yeah and they
delayed that check yeah they didn't even
get a check with it until the Washington
Post smoked him out and made him write
the check to the VA or to the vets in
this case it's just it's despicable and
I'm glad that there is you know a
veteran who is coming out and saying no
no don't try to take credit for
something that you didn't do you didn't
reform anything the VA still needs help
and no that's not gonna be something to
distract reporters from you know an
investigation that does have components
that are worth investigating I mean you
criticize you fired the FBI director
because he was investigating you know
the potential collusion or possible
collusion I mean that alone is is a red
flag
so anyway robert muller in his office
watching Sarah Huckabee saying you know
there's no evidence and you've got this
Russian investigation which there's no
evidence of Muller must must be like
yeah of course he's sitting in front of
the evidence of some kind this is I
don't want to paint with too broad a
brush because I think Michael's right
and Anna's right about the divisive
divisiveness and and Michael's right
about when he talks about the fact that
I understand the GOP is really there's a
plurality on the GOP side just like
there's a morality on our side on the
progressive side I mean we all don't
line up exactly the same way but but
having said that the GOP does tend to
wrap themselves in patriotism every way
they can and they do it in a lot of
superficial ways with the flag
and with the military and when Trump
rode into Washington on the backs of
those vets and we knew that he didn't
give a shit about those vets in any way
that mattered and we knew it even if you
were new to the party based on the
fundraisers and sort of again how
superficial that whole thing and also I
have another example that I encourage
all of you to look into you know just in
case you don't want to take my word for
it you shouldn't take my word for it you
should look into it yourself
look he-hee remember he rolled out his
budget proposal what did his budget
proposal do the military Times reported
that it was going to cut funding for
veterans cut funding for veterans so
he's running his mouth about how much he
cares about the vet that's how much he
wants to reform the VA no no you have
shown us time and time again that you
are exploiting you know individuals who
need help the most for your own
political gain in your own personal gain
you are a despicable disgusting human
being for doing so and and the audacity
of Sarah Huckabee Sanders to be like no
no don't focus on anything that
criticizes the president only focus on
something positive that he hasn't even
done yeah that's the thing I mean you to
mention the vets and the VA is crazy I
mean now Trump mentions the military all
the time because again that falls into a
patriotic we need a strong military and
in any case it was a weird reference
because of how bankrupt it is of any of
any truth and base closings by the way
which is you know secretary and and his
administration want to start
implementing base clothing base closings
it's gonna be a challenge for mattis but
it's gonna be something they're talking
about they talk about extracting the
military let's be clear they're talking
about money and nobody wastes money like
the Pentagon nobody wears money in
Washington I hope those maybe Michael
Shermer yes but they're talking about
weapons systems they're talking about
things that will give defense
contractors big money it's all part of
the same machine Young Turks membership
creates independent media believe me no
ads believe me all the shows believe me
on demand believe me support independent
media believe me it's awesome
tremendous you'll love it believe me and
by the end you'll be
thinking you know I'm like a smart
person tea white tea network.com /join
