and Australian website known as mama Mia
had posted an excerpt from a somewhat of
a financial advisors book called getting
out of debt joyfully now a lot of people
are in debt super interesting topic it
would definitely spark my interest but
the advice that was given in this
particular excerpt of the book was
questionable to say the least now the
book was written by a woman named Simone
Simone Millis that's how she pronounces
her name and I'm just gonna give you a
little tasty taste of what she had to
say and how you can get out of debt now
let me preface this by saying that she
just randomly found herself in debt she
had accumulated 187 thousand dollars in
debt because he/she was traveling the
world racking up all these bills and she
said before I know it I have all this
debt and I didn't even expect it so she
wasn't keeping track of her finances
which is a bad idea
and it's interesting that that was the
starting off point to her giving
financial advice but she got out of debt
in two years difficult thing to do so
what exactly is your advice well here's
what the excerpt set if you pay your
bills first you will always have more
bills when you pay the bills first the
universe says oh okay this person wishes
to honor their bills let's give them
some more bills so she argues that you
should save 10 percent of what you make
but you shouldn't save it with the
intention of using that money to pay
your bills you should save it to honor
yourself okay because if you honor
yourself the universe will honor you
I'm not kidding that's what she said is
what she says so she's she has this
theory I guess or hypothesis that if you
just think positively about your
finances then good things will happen
right which is incredibly insulting to
people who are struggling with their
finances because they're not paid enough
you're doing with stagnant wages all the
societal issues that we talk about on
this show regularly let me give you some
more the next tip she offers is that you
should carry around the amount of cash
you think a rich person would carry so
here's an exact quote from her I like to
have at least $1,000 on me at all times
I like being robbed no sorry go ahead I
like to have a bottle of water with me
at all times I like to have a cold
bottle of wine in the fridge at home
it's a weird combination of sentences
but nonetheless don't don't walk around
with a thousand dollars in your purse or
your pocket that is a disastrous idea so
I have a very strong hypothesis on this
that she is either completely lying
about everything and it's just trying to
get attention or she's rich clueless
entitled ass now the only thing that's
against that hypothesis is that quote
that Ana just read you because her
vision of rich people is they have cold
wine in the fridge they always carry a
bottle of water with them what would
that become a rich thing right and and
they've got a thousand bucks in their
pocket so believe it or not I'm in a
defender in a second hold all just give
me some time I know
give me something good I will not I will
attack her more viciously innocent no
but one of us looked into the story a
little more than the other no that's why
I'm saying that I'm in a defender but
let me give you some more of what's
gotten her a lot of criticism and then
we'll move on she says if you avoid
having money on you or in your life
because you think you will lose it or it
will be stolen from you you will never
allow yourself to have money at all
yeah and then she says to have money you
must spend money on things of intrinsic
values such as gold silver platinum
diamonds and/or pearls okay this is
disastrous advice okay so I know someone
who you know during the financial
collapse was very much concerned about
the value of the dollar and so she's
like I'm gonna buy jewelry because
jewelry never loses its value it's not
remotely true she spent all her money on
like diamonds or something and you have
no money now and by the way I know from
personal experience when I tried to sell
jewelry that my ex gave me you don't get
a lot of money back when you try to sell
them of course you know so look it's one
thing to say Oh buy gold that's
questionable because it depends on how
the gold market is doing but it could be
a decent idea if you get lucky and the
gold markets going up it's another thing
to say buy pearls no it's not an
investment strategy is not and believe
it or not you know diamonds don't have
good resale value either um so just
something to keep in mind yeah I totally
believe it yeah okay so finally uh there
was an interview that she had done with
a local television station and she said
two other things that I thought were a
little questionable so she says if you
were brought up in a middle-class or in
the middle-class you feel comfortable in
the middle class she also said if you
were brought up with poverty you feel
comfortable with that
no agree to disagree not she's like if
she's not a super coolest rich person I
would be really surprised so I have
overwhelming evidence of that in a
second but go ahead okay so I look I
think that it's unfair to take a portion
of a book and then draw a conclusion
about whether or not you know the entire
book is terrible and just gives bad
advice I think that you know
unfortunately they use possibly the
worst
Xer I hope it's the worst excerpt Jesus
I hope there's nothing worse than
they're right because I was curious to
see I read I was curious to see how
people felt after reading her book and
so I went back looked up reviews that
before this story ever broke to see what
people thought about it and a lot of
people thought that it was a great book
that it actually did change their lives
it did help them so the reason why I'm
bringing that up is not and maybe this
is this isn't really a defense because I
don't know none of us have read her
entire book so I feel really
uncomfortable completely judging her
based on this yeah she said clownish
things but guess what everyone has said
clownish things including the two people
sitting on this desk right now disagree
so I just think you know hold before you
make a judge not gonna hold no because
look Anna what do you I what I'm
supposed to read our old clown book so
if you said yeah no no I'm not gonna
read her book before every story tonight
so look if you said to me okay there's a
there's a book and there's a
they're about how the Jews the Jews
ruled the world and started all the
worst Wars and they're the worst people
in the world but maybe the rest of the
book is good I go no no I don't can read
that whole stupid book I love that you
went to like the most extreme example I
know but I'd like to make a point but
look she's her position in these
excerpts are so indefensible
I would never waste another second
reading any a portion of her book so she
says she wasn't quote even cognitively
sure how she got into debt why don't you
just print a book saying I'm dumb what
do you mean like oh I don't know and by
her debt was not $1,800 it was a hundred
and eighty-seven thousand dollars you're
not cognitively sure how you got there
okay I know she's but I I think first of
all there are a lot of people who find
themselves in debt and I don't think
they're stupid I think that it's
actually incredibly easy to find
yourself in debt without even realizing
the the trouble that you're you're you
know or the hole you're digging yourself
into a lot of people find themselves in
that situation is they're stupid
no no but Ana it is a matter of of
context in perspective like so it's
again one thing if you're in $18,000
Denton you of course you know that is
stressing you out
no no she I'm telling you I think she's
insanely rich already and you know why I
don't know how she got the money
she didn't earn it cuz she's a total
clown she said I would look at the
quotes okay hold on let me finish yeah
she says I would definitely go away on a
beat weekend or buy a nice bottle of
champagne I didn't live from a mentality
of lack okay you know who doesn't live
from a mentality of lack clueless rich
people if you were having trouble paying
the rent you don't go I don't know I
bought some champagne and I didn't live
for my mentality of lack and next thing
you know I'm in the hole for a hundred
and eighty seven thousand dollars and
then she said and when she found that
she went quote oops
I mean eight hundred and eighty seven
thousand dollars in debt if you're an
average person in the country in this
country or any country and you find
yourself in that debt you're not that
flippant about it because you have just
destroyed your life so you saw and then
she says she doesn't know how she got
out of that the whole point of the book
is I'm such a financial genius
and she's like I had positive thinking
that's not true that's not sure she
didn't say I don't know how I got out of
debt I just had positive thinking you
know during her interview with that Fox
station in Denver she talked about what
she did to get out of debt so she
thought outside the box she thought
about creating things for different
businesses that ended up making her a
lot of money and so my guess is look the
reason why I'm bringing this all up is
because my guess and again it's a guess
because I haven't read it her entire
book her book probably goes into you
know the out of the box solutions that
she found to get herself out of debt and
even though this excerpt says save ten
percent of your income but to honor
yourself and not to pay your bills
obviously she could ended up paying her
bills because she got herself out of
that oh my god what have you done you
just told the universe that you're
willing to pay 100 eighty seven thousand
dollars in bills the universe is gonna
give you more bills are you ruined yours
oh so she contradicts herself but oh
because she's a moron what do you get
for Young Turks membership it's a
mystery only one way to find out
TYT Network comm slash join
