on TYT many times we've returned to this
phenomenon where for a strong
conservative empathy seems to only come
as the result of a policy and issue
directly impacting that person there's
no like pre-emptive empathy the concern
for another person suffering it has to
affect you for you to understand that
and we have another example of it where
this person ends up or performer
Republican Congressmen ends up being on
the right side of an issue but only
because of his own experience this is a
former Republican representative jolly
and you're gonna see his comments right
here I'm a tale of two patients prior to
Congress I lost my doctor I lost my plan
under Obamacare and it was part by
subsidizing those who needed additional
coverage but Lawrence I'm going to share
something with you and the American
people tonight that most people probably
don't know here's the other patient that
david jolly is on january 4th i was a
former member of congress unemployed
with no health insurance and a
pre-existing condition and while i
ultimately chose a private-sector plan I
also knew in 2017 Obamacare provided an
exchange that was a safety net that
wasn't there before and to be honest
with you if I had had to rely on it I
knew it was there and that's why the
politics of Obamacare in 2017 are
different than 2013
I lost my doctor and I lost my plane in
2013 and I was angry about Obamacare and
I ran for Congress but in 2017 is an
unemployed person with a pre-existing
condition
I knew Obamacare was there as a safety
net if my wife and I needed it is he not
merciful now so there's a couple of
angles to this they they all seem much
more reasonable after they're out of off
they knew and and there's a lot of
Republican former congressmen and
Senators will say you know what
turns out the money in politics is
really corrupting of course how come you
never said that while you were in office
well we know why and and as of course is
the same on Rick Santorum phenomenon
where he said you should be capping
malpractice lawsuits at $250,000 his
wife then had a back operation that that
didn't go well he sued for $500,000 like
that's twice you
our own cab he said yeah but that's my
wife yeah okay so this is Dave Julia but
I had a pre-existing condition and I was
unemployed now but two buts that go in
slightly different directions here huh I
know Dave Jolley's record pretty well
because I moderated debate between him
and Alan Grayson for the Florida Senate
seat recently and actually neither one
of them won that's usually how it goes
when I moderated debate actually here in
California I monitor a debate between 12
different people for a congressional
seat and none of them won think so
anyway so he is slightly more moderate
Republican so I you know me I think
there are almost no moderate Republicans
in the country but Jolley is slightly
more moderate and he has also complained
about the dialing for dollars and and in
fact he partly left office I'm so tired
of calling donors and begging them
non-stop it's like 50 to 70% of your job
so you do have to give them credit for
that and here he is being slightly
reasonable again and then the final part
of it is look politicians will be
politicians as I saw that I thought well
this is good that's positive that he's
just bidding that plus sounds like you
might run as a Democrat suit
right no you see what I'm saying
sometimes you get back in the game by
doing these kind of things and he's also
said that Trump is should be out of
office etc and I'm like which purple
district are you gonna flip and run as a
Democrat on I'm just curious
I'm going a slightly different direction
I do think that his career is what's on
his mind theoretically but I think he
sees an opportunity in media I'm a saw
the guy in Bill Maher I think being the
Republican who seems sort of moderate
he's still a Republican hated Obamacare
but he doesn't like Trump and now he
seems reasonable says interesting things
I think that could get him on the news a
couple times that is another great point
I mean you want to get a job right now
there is no better way to get a job in
media than being an anti Trump
Republican yeah love you what do you get
for Young Turks membership it's a
mystery
only one way to find out TYT Network
comm /join
