the European Union has fined Google of
hopping 2.7 2 billion dollars for
violating its antitrust laws now it
sounds like a ton of money for the
average Joe but of course it's not gonna
do much for Google's bottom line however
it is a record fine and I want to give
you some details as to why they decided
to find Google so they did a year-long
analysis of Google's online search
results and it showed that the company
lists links to its own online shopping
services above those of rivals which to
be quite honest with you is unsurprising
and I didn't really know that that broke
any laws but anyway let me give you more
so Google List search results - its
biggest rivals in online shopping only
on page four and smaller rivals even
lower what Google has done is illegal
this is according to the EU Competition
Commissioner under EU antitrust laws or
rules it denied other companies the
chance to compete on the merits and to
innovate and most importantly it denied
European consumers a genuine choice of
services and the full benefits of
innovation so obviously Google is a
search engine and if they you know have
products their products are going to
come first especially above their rivals
I mean that's why I say it's not it
didn't seem unusual and it's certainly
not unexpected but it did break laws in
the EU which is fascinating yeah
well so whether we agree with those laws
or not they are apparently the laws so
sad day for Google and and sometimes
some companies I'm not saying Google do
this because I don't know will be like
no US benefit ourselves above our
competitors why we would never in fact
the famous case of that is is ongoing
controversy now about net neutrality
where the internet providers say slow
down our competitors websites and speed
up our own if you take away net
neutrality rules no we would never do
that so and that would be a tremendous
problem I'm with you Anna here on this
one I'm not that surprised and it's a
private company so you know if that rule
didn't exist I don't know that I
wouldn't do the same thing if I was
Google
so you know and by the way I should note
Google is one of our biggest partners at
TYT so I'm putting that a conflict of
interest out there so you guys fully
know but you know in it amazon harder to
buy there sometimes people say some of
their competitors products okay then you
know that's a strike against Amazon then
you want to use Amazon less if you can't
find some of the products you know if
you can't find get proper search results
on Google go to AltaVista don't think
they exist I just wanted to make a quick
point about my personal experience
shopping or searching for products that
I want to buy through Google search
engine so I personally haven't
experienced you know some of the shady
behavior that the EU is going after
Google for in fact a lot of times when I
search for a specific profile a specific
product on a website that I'm on and
I'll be like mmm I bet I can find this
product somewhere else
for a lower price and so I immediately
go to Google I'll put it in the search
engine and sure enough a bunch of
different buying options come up on
Google's shop section and they're not
affiliated with Google you know and in
like usually I'll find the absolute
cheapest price for the product that I
want and it's awesome so I don't know if
you know that's specifically what
they're talking about it the EU I don't
know if Google is functioning
differently in the EU but I can say from
personal experience I haven't had a
problem with Google I've always been
able to find like the cheapest price and
it's awesome yeah okay this ad for
Google okay but anyway I did this really
affect them I looked at the stock price
this morning as I was curious barely a
blip like Google is so gigantic but
they're like oh 2.7 billion dollars you
know cost a breakfast
whatevs in fact here let's go to the
last graphic here alphabet that's
officially the name of Google now they
changed the name has more
the 92 billion in cash including nearly
40 56 billion and it counts outside of
Europe man that's some Pablo Escobar
money let's let alone their stock price
let alone everything else that's just in
cash so they're like Oh 2.7 billion well
I guess that is a Saturday anyway here's
your check we're moving for well they're
not taking it lightly they're thinking
about appealing ok incorporation they'll
fight it the man right
we're not the Young Turks you're The
Young Turks you power this show together
we build something amazing we broken
stories like the Donna Brazile story the
mainstream media wouldn't break we've
built the studio we've built this
network it's now number one all thanks
to you guys let's come build it even
bigger and stronger TYT Network comm
/join
