Paul Ryan's out there defending the
health care proposal that the
Republicans have well it's a little hard
to defend his own proposal was gonna
cost twenty four million people their
health insurance the Senate has their
own version and that's apparently going
to cost twenty two million people their
health care and they'll make probably
come to some compromises aside down
let's throw twenty three million people
under our bus so that's those are the
Republican proposals so he's gonna get
asked about that
curious to see what his answer is gonna
be let's watch brief look shows that
over the course of a ten-year period
you're gonna save three hundred and
twenty-one billion off the deficit
however twenty two million will be
without coverage what they're basically
saying at the Congressional Budget
Office is if you're not going to force
people to buy Obama care if you're not
gonna force people to buy something they
don't want then they won't buy it so
it's not that people are getting pushed
off a plan is that people will choose
not to buy something they don't like or
want and that's the difference here so
by repealing the individual and employer
mandate which mandates people buy this
health insurance that they can't afford
that don't like if you don't mandate
they're gonna do this then many that
many people won't do it so parts of that
are misleading and parts of that are
flat-out lies so let me explain yeah do
they get rid of the mandate yes they do
will that mean as some set of folks will
have less insurance because they choose
not to get it yes is that the whole
twenty two million not remotely the
overwhelming majority of those people
will lose their health insurer insurance
because of Medicaid cuts so now he knows
that he knows he's supposed to be the
wonk of the Republicans the guy who put
the health care proposal together in the
house in the first place so if anyone
knows the details it's Paul Ryan and he
knows that the CBO the nonpartisan
Congressional Budget Office says that at
least fifteen million people will lose
their health insurance because of the
cuts to Medicaid that don't have
anything new with the mandate cuts the
Medicaid that the Republicans are doing
they're doing almost eight hundred
billion dollars cuts to Medicaid so Paul
Ryan out there that part is a flat-out
lie and that's the biggest part of it
all oh it's just a man named you know
you give it
then people don't what about this who
wants it sure is you don't want health
insurance right so we just helped people
by making sure they don't have health
insurance so if they do get sick they're
totally and utterly screwed okay now the
other parts of the prevarication is it
also takes away subsidies from poor
Americans and so that will also lower
the number of people that have health
care and that is not at all voluntary a
lot insurance will be less affordable
for senior citizens it's gonna go up for
some of those folks four times that rate
is going to be four times higher and so
when they can't afford it Paul Ryan will
turn around on Fox & Friends and go well
you see that they chose that the bike is
under they chose not to buy it it's that
it's so expensive that they couldn't
possibly afford it and then finally
there's higher deductibles and lifetime
caps yearly caps etc so you're also
getting less for your health care
coverage while for most Americans paying
more so once you don't want to buy that
crappy coverage that they've now forced
it upon you you go see I told you they
even want health care insurance in the
first place there is a difference and
and I the press does not hold a
Republican state count nearly as much as
it should Paul Ryan can send the rest of
the Republicans consistently lie about
this issue so what he said right there
was a knowing lie or he's the most
ignorant guy in the whole country and
he's the head of the Republicans policy
proposals Young Turks now has over six
billion lifetime views you know who did
that you did that we're now larger the
CNN ABC you named a news network
online we're larger than them and you
built all that as everyone scoffed and
didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build into meta media
together with us at TYT Network comm
/join
