new studies have found that homelessness
among college students continues to be a
big problem and it might actually be a
larger problem than previously believed
now there have been a number of studies
three recently that looks specifically
at community college students and the
number that are considered either
homeless or you know it's called
precariously housed so individuals who
might be staying with friends or may be
living in shelters things like that now
the studies suggest thousands of
students at community colleges
nationwide could be considered homeless
or precariously housed either because
they have been thrown out of home
evicted or sleep in a shelter car or
abandoned building now there were
researchers from Temple University in
Philadelphia that specifically looked at
this issue and they found out that
anywhere between 12 to 14 percent of
these students are either homeless or
precariously housed and I think the most
interesting part about all of this is
the kind of reaction people are having
to the story and the reaction is well if
you if you can afford to go to college
you can afford to put a roof over your
head so stop whining and stop crying
about it right so when I came across
this story I was super curious to see
what the comment section included and
it's this weird disconnect right you
have people who argue oh stop why you
pick yourself up by the bootstraps get
your education and then get a good job
okay but a education is obviously
extremely expensive right even in some
community colleges it can be pricey and
be you can't get a great job at this
point without some form of higher
education see if you're going to school
despite the fact that you don't even
have a happen anywhere to live or sleep
there that's bigger than yourself up by
the bootstraps it doesn't get any more
bootstraps than that if you're sleeping
in your car going to college anyway
because you're desperate to get an
education these should be the
conservative dream guys like man look at
how hard they're working to get ahead in
life so look I but I'm gonna be on both
sides here in a sense because now I'm
gonna criticize liberals or progressives
for or whoever did this study for using
words like precariously housed
now you're gonna say Jake what are you
doing but look when a lot of people here
someone is precariously housed they turn
off they're like how that doesn't mean
anything so I would have stuck with
homeless or not homeless because I don't
even know what precariously housed means
so my dad when he was going to college
lived in his uncle's you know tiny
apartment cuz even have any money at all
so was he precariously housed I don't
know housed in this context and and you
get super turned off by terms and I
don't know why right like so when we
talk about things like underemployment
you immediately like shut down your like
underemployment not a thing and that was
one of our biggest debates and it drives
me absolutely crazy because yes under
appoint underemployment is a thing and a
lot of people particularly Millennials
are you know suffering the consequences
of that but when it comes to being
precariously housed it's people who are
like literally living in their cars
right so they're not living on the
corner somewhere or on the street you
live in your car you're homeless that's
okay put them in the homeless category
you literally don't have a home in oh
we're debating about terms no I'll tell
you why I'll tell you why cuz it has bad
optics man when you tell people oh that
dudes employed but he's underemployed
because we feel like you should have a
better job people got off I'm done with
these guys right where do you go
precariously housed I mean he doesn't a
house but I don't quite like it that's
the perception that they have okay so
okay I know it's a minor point I just
stick with homeless but I the overall
point the more important thing is if
you're so gung-ho to get an education
that you're sleeping in your car you're
sleeping at the YMCA if that still
exists to make sure you can still get an
education you're an American Hero and
something that somebody that people
should look up to and not be treated
with disdain exactly and one other thing
that I wanted to quickly mention so this
has become such a big problem that there
are public figures getting involved
trying to donate money and help students
who don't have a place to live but
really do want to get an education so
Big Sean he's a rap artist Sean Anderson
he has the foundation known as the Sean
Anderson foundation and he's donated
some money to an organization that
specifically helps students who
don't have housing that have nowhere to
live they're living on the streets and I
think that it's incredible that he's
getting involved and other public
figures are doing the same also there's
the Southern Scholarship Foundation in
Florida and over the last sixty years
they've been providing rent-free housing
to homeless college students look just
because someone's in college doesn't
mean that they're like living high off
the hog right it doesn't mean that
they're wealthy or that their parents
are wealthy a lot of college students
are struggling as it is and then imagine
if you know these kids have been
disowned by their families or you know
they don't have families maybe they were
you know brought up in the foster care
system these are people who have had it
really really tough for the for their
entire lives and they need a little bit
of help and that's okay
it's okay to you know get that help and
everybody is a different perception that
you said college people think Oh Harvard
Penn State whatever right no this this
study of that says thirteen to fourteen
percent was done of 70 community
colleges and so so a lot of different
kinds of colleges and again if you're
going to Community College to better
yourself that's such a great sign of a
person who's working hard and more
likely to succeed and someone we should
back with all of our fervor right and
not someone we should look down on Young
Turks now has over six billion lifetime
views you know who did that you did that
we're now larger than CNN ABC you name a
news network online
we're larger than them and you built all
that as everyone scoffed and didn't
believe and here we are guys thanks to
you build into meta media together with
us at TYT Network comm slash join
