a doctor in Oklahoma who over prescribed
opioids and other prescription drugs has
been charged with murder after several
of her patients died as a result of the
prescription pills that she prescribed
them now the doctor it worked at the
sunshine Medical Center in Oklahoma and
unfortunately one of the victims was
Sheila bartels and she was she was given
a dangerous cocktail of excessive
prescription drugs that ultimately
killed her back in 2012 the pharmacist
handed her 510 pills that day all legal
because she had a prescription with the
signature of her doctor Regan Nichols
now that included hydrocodone xanax and
a muscle relaxant known as soma nichols
is charged with second-degree murder in
the death of Bartles and four other
patients some of whom died just days
after receiving large prescriptions from
the doctor also did I just interrupt for
a second you know when I first read that
this started reading the story saw the
headline from the Chicago Tribune I
thought man they arresting a doctor for
over prescribing drugs and she didn't
kill him just the person took the the
the pills but then when I heard that
there was four other deaths from the
same doctor then I said I think uh oh
wait this apparently this person I mean
if you all your three patients already
died from you over prescribing drugs and
you're like whatevs
I'll keep over prescribing drugs to the
tune of five hundred and ten pills a day
not a day five hundred and ten pills
total with all the prescriptions but
that day she got it yeah that day she
received all of those pills yes from the
pharmacy now and look keep in mind that
you know these people trusted their
doctor right and I want to be clear
about another thing we don't know what
the intentions were of this doctor we
don't know if there was some sort of
like pharmaceutical company corrupting
her we don't know any of that right
that's all information that will play
out in court but what we do know is that
in the very least there was some
negligence there because there had been
deaths previously and she continued
prescribing these days
prescription drugs and and mixing them
in a way that leads to death right so
let me give you some more details on
that she apparently nickels prescribed
more than three million doses of
controlled dangerous drugs from 2010 to
2014 including irrational and dangerous
combinations of drugs that led to five
deaths she prescribed patients who
entrusted their well-being to her a
horrifyingly excessive amount of opioid
medications nickels blatant disregard
for the lives of her patients is
unconscionable
that's according to Mike hunter who is
the Attorney General in Oklahoma now if
you're wondering about precedent you
know in cases like this there have been
doctors in the past who were sent to
prison as a result of over prescribing
dangerous drugs so in February of 2016
another doctor Lisa sang was sentenced
to 30 years to life in prison after
three of her patients fatally overdosed
according to the Los Angeles Times so
right now obviously we're dealing with a
very serious opioid epidemic
it killed 33,000 people in 2015 alone
and the numbers continue to rise and so
understandably I think authorities are
now starting to turn to pharmaceutical
companies and also to doctors that are
over prescribing these drugs it's a
really big problem and it's kind of
scary to think about doctors facing
severe consequences like this because
where do you draw a line like when do
you determine that a doctor over
prescribed or was negligent or should be
charged with murder I don't know I don't
want it to get to a point where doctors
are afraid to prescribe drugs to people
who need them but at the same time I
mean I feel like this case showed that
there were excessive drugs provided
provided well so here's a one you know
rule of thumb if two of your patients
have died from prescription drugs that
you you know prescribe to them and and
you had prescribed a lot of them be a
little bit more careful going forward
and by the way there is a possible
motive if you will not Lisa saying
remember was convicted and was sentenced
to 30 years to life she had made
millions from over prescribing opioids
to drug-addicted patients yeah so it's
it's not to smear good doctors who are
doing good work on this but there are
some that are clearly unscrupulous as
there are in every profession and right
now the opioid abuse kills an average of
ninety-one people at day so yes we could
all afford to be a little bit more
careful and and if your doctor by the
way prescribes you that much you don't
have to take it and and come in with
their they unfortunately some doctors
are incentivized in the wrong direction
whether it's from pharmaceutical
companies are just to make more money
from their business right and sometimes
it is a business so be careful be very
careful with prescription drugs they do
lead to opioid abuse of course not every
time but a lot of times so whether it's
a painkiller or or any of these other
drugs nice and easy so in her case after
the Nichols case five cases that'll do
it yeah I'd look into charges right I
mean we'll see how it plays out in court
yeah yeah and of course we're not saying
they did it that's for a court to decide
what do you get for Young Turks
membership it's a mystery only one way
to find out
TYT Network calm /join
