they say you should speak to what you
know so Bill Cosby is going to be doing
his sexual assault town hall tour
specifically on how to avoid sex assault
charges but some who perhaps don't
believe him are calling it a get away
with rape tour so there's bill cosby
it's described as a town hall-style
speaking tour to educate young people
about sexual assault allegations the
comedian will begin his summer
motivational speaking tour in Alabama as
early as July andrew Wyatt who is Bill
Cosby's spokesperson said this is bigger
than Bill Cosby this issue can affect
any young person especially young
athletes of today they need to know what
they're facing when they're hanging out
and partying when they're doing certain
things that they shouldn't be doing and
it also affects married men personally
andrew wyatt the good news is that the
spokesman has got a job coming to the
Trump administration whatever you'd like
to be a spokesman for evil close contact
I said yes right so this is a $20 bill
mark how do you gamble at all Kim I
don't okay but I will what are you doing
I'm just saying $20 that he never gives
one of these talks I couldn't agree more
this is not me he says he's got one
sketch so I'm saying he's got one
scheduled it says Andrew Wyatt says he
has one scheduled in Alabama in July I
will put $20 on the table and says he
never has that talked it's already
scheduled according to Andrew white you
can make the easiest $20 a month this
seems like a bad idea though I mean from
any of us looking from the outside the
optics on this are bad it's less than a
week after a mistrial was declared in
Cosby sexual assault case with andrea
constand
and this is also not Cosby's first
controversial lecture tour previously he
gave a series of talks to African
Americans in which he blamed them for
harassment and discrimination many
people are calling this an attempt to
sway potential jury pools for the
upcoming second trial as it has been
made clear that prosecutors are working
to retry this case and it's I I'm with
you on this I don't want to take that
bet because this is such a bad idea from
the outside
right but yes I course we all these a
stretch me is less of a bad idea as more
BS not just not nobody's gonna pay for
this this is not that said you know I I
thought there was a zero percent chance
that Donald Trump would be the
Republican nominee
Chansey because it there's a whole swath
of Americans that I am I mean on a touch
apparently I'm quite out of touch with
and I that the reflection that reflects
poorly on me as well that said this
feels like nonsensical thing who would
set this up who would book this they did
a big victory dance after the Bill Cosby
hung jury and the Cosby side came out
and there was really uh all this rah-rah
and and rhetoric that you'd associate
with a victory and again it was not an
acquittal it was just a hung jury this
strikes me as part of that you know this
is a more grandstanding to again create
the notion that Cosby cares about that
and that he's a free man
like look how free is he's taking this
experience learned from it he's gonna go
help at-risk people and by not risk from
it because I think the the impotent are
they they learned allocation here is
like oh people are going to try and like
take your money no usually QZ learned
the wrong thing he's gonna that their
claim there would be he's learned from
it not that he's remorseful but he's
learned what can happen to you are you
only when you're wrong with you right
you can say the rest of you on innocent
yeah but don't put yourself in a
situation like mine where situation an
event for misconstrued by all these
people to suggest somehow I had raped
them any anybody in the control room
since cannon market wants light on the
on the twenty dollars nothing for bar
cases no Jesus Jake in his head well no
everybody's out whoever that other
person is is on top of their head
another part of the story worryingly
came from another juror who came forward
and had some different things to say
than the previous juror who had argued
that they were dead launched ten two in
favor of a guilty oh so I didn't read
that some jurors said it was to work for
another jury when there's a new juror
that has come out and has spoken to the
Philadelphia Inquirer in particular he
didn't really seem to believe constat he
said that that her testimony was well
coached let's face it she went up to his
house with a bare midriff and incense
and bath salts what the heck
indicating that he believes she was sort
of by showing her belly asking to be
drugged and raped of course that's how
it works doesn't it no later Colin he
might have been one of the two you know
I mean it was two so I think it's
heavily implying he was one of the
people who wanted to acquit him constat
reported the incident to police in
January 20 2005 and sued Cosby the
following March they reached a
settlement in November 2006 this
anonymous juror - that said that's hard
for me to believe that I've been injured
and it takes a year to report later he
also said that the other jurors
struggled over legal definitions and
were usually split when trying to reach
a verdict on three counts of aggravated
incident assault
he also said people and the deadlock on
specific issues with the language in
particular the words reckless and
severely impaired and he felt that like
the language was quote - legal which
makes me worried about the jury
selection process yeah well you can see
I'm sure that was a juror that the Cosby
people wanted and he also claimed it was
split down the middle which contradicts
the 10 - from before I'm sure they might
have been on some counts and I didn't
know what the 10 - jurors said there
were three counts they might have been
ten - on for conviction on one obviously
would have been a big victory for the
prosecution if they've gotten any
conviction look it it's hard to convict
someone for he's right and they're the
legal definitions are complicated and
they're supposed they're they're
inherently complicated I mean on the
subject of language I don't like the
language this jurors using indicating
that the victim is to blame because
that's you know the rape is it's not
about what you dress and I don't know
how incense became this you know
accessory to sexual activity and not
just the thing you burn when you're
covering up the smell of weed it's like
there's this intense victim-blaming and
it scares me that there are people like
this in a jury of my peers allegedly
this would make me want to go reach out
to one
instead well the jury system is has all
kinds of problems and in that was it
voix tier where they essentially pick
the jurors for a particular case as been
said or I think alluded to they get sort
of certain jurors there that they kind
of want and in this case you have a
juror it sounds like there's looking for
things to hang an acquittal on like the
verbiage associated with the law and and
I mean if you start blaming the victim
as Kim says I mean then not just it was
absurd I mean you should have been been
playing in this game if we're gonna
start looking at the way she was dressed
that has nothing to do she I mean to
press the point she could show up in a
bikini at Bill Cosby's house that
doesn't necessarily give you the it
doesn't give him any right of course to
to drug her and rape her I mean it's
it's it's obscene to even think about it
that way it is inherently incredibly
hard to get a sexual assault conviction
for something that happened 12 years ago
it just is there is because it is as
they say it becomes he said she said I'm
not saying that's right I'm saying that
if you're Bill Cosby's lawyer it's not
hard and you see the advantages that
they have in like you wonder to Kim's
point like why did what she was wearing
come up but of course she's the victim
and you get to describe the events and
it still works that's what's great is
that in 2017 after all the lessons that
theoretically met have been taught right
over the last thankfully 20 years but
should have been taught forever hey man
it doesn't matter it just feeds into
another problem which is what does a
woman have to say to be believed we have
cases where you can say everything right
you can do everything right and still
people from the outside will be like oh
she's a slut oh she was asking for it
she's just trying to get grub money from
him it's just you have this stacked
against you already going in what do you
have to do to have credibility do I need
to be wearing like a three-piece suit
everywhere I go yeah that's right no
you're right and and and yeah I don't
know the answer to that question with
would there to eat like with the falando
Castille verdict there has to be a lot
more here there's to be a change you
know we need a
my therapist always says Gary penknife
terrific there you know you need to have
a change of heart and so that's a
seminal change which changed the system
of what we there's the likelihood that
someone would make up that they were
sexually assaulted given what women have
to go through seems preposterous to me
who would make that up that said we have
a system in America where you're
presumed innocent and the rights that we
want to see applied to the state the
prosecutorial power of the state is
overwhelming right so when you put a we
want to see the same rules apply the
same rules apply to a man accused of
sexual assault that apply to anybody
else who deserves their their day in
court a right to defend themselves and
they need the latitude to defend
themselves and unfortunately that
latitude has led to an ability to it
would appear still in this day and age
successfully blame the victim and when
you add in the fact that Bill Cosby is
wealthy and can even the playing field
in a way that most Americans can't uh in
the way that do you know bankers can in
the way that OJ Simpson could because
again you're talking about rich people
that that makes it incredibly hard to
get a conviction for a case that is
ultimately about comes down to as that
guy said the believability of the two
people involved and that's it cuz
there's no witnesses there's no medical
evidence yeah and a couple of points
first of all on the last point the
believability
they're obviously making efforts to run
down constant as a witness and they're
running down her story and they do that
in the ways that the jurors sort of
mentioned one of them is well it took so
long for her to bring this complaint
forward if there really was an issue why
wasn't that complaint forwarded earlier
of course there are all kinds of
explanations for that the first one is
that it's a tremendously humiliating and
embarrassing and awful process witnessed
this case and you can see why no one
would want any part of it and and the
brand and the
an earlier prosecutor decided not to
prosecute which also again comes up and
has to make you would imagine abstractly
makes a difference with a jury but then
she and I think this is one of the
things that is really speaking so much
in her favor she gets a settlement from
Bill Cosby on this case of course so she
has no financial incentive to obsession
on us this further right this is a this
is pressed now by the state that's right
and it it would suggest that there is
legitimate aeon her part as a witness
and yet she of course is victimized by
what I think it's it's a real character
assassin assassination on a level you
wouldn't normally see in a courtroom
because this has played out all over the
world I mean so she really I think she
pays a huge price and it's prejudicial
we've long established in this country
prejudicial to the accused to bring
about other similar charges if he'd been
convicted of previous crimes you might
be able to get that in if it was exactly
the same but the fact that sixty other
women have accused him
theoretically the jury heard about one
other victim right no no sane person in
America if they were told hey by the way
there's sixty other women saying oh the
judge something to say on that
he called it unbelievable right so he
decides so so he heard it he knew it and
decided that that was also untrue
he said Cosby has already been punished
which is not true this is why we have
trials and courts in general and that's
heartening to say that's why I say
that's a juror who's clearly looking for
things to hang an acquittal on you know
you see it a lot of high-profile cases
and if the minute you ready to say well
I don't believe it I mean I think all of
those that's just I don't believe any of
them and Bill Cosby has been through
enough
the minute you have that kind of
sympathy in your hearts breaking for
this gazillionaire super famous guy
you're just looking for something to
hang that equipment and andrea
constand's willingness to go through
this because she could have stopped this
prosecution just by saying i'm not going
to do it they did it because of her
willingness and her believability so her
willingness to put herself through this
is make sure makes her a hero
young turks now has over 6 billion
lifetime views you know who did that you
did that we're now larger than CNN ABC
you name a news network
online we're larger than them and you
built all that as everyone scoffed and
didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build into meta media
together with us at TYT Network comm
slash join
