Donald Trump apparently hasn't yet
realized since yesterday that when he
admits to lying about secretly recording
conversations with James Comey that
could cause legal problems for him in
fact as of right now he's still
enthusiastically talking about this
strategy and why it was so smart he
chose to do this in own video with his
favorite friendly news outlet Fox &
Friends and you're going to see
difficult to decipher answer that could
cause of legal trouble in this video big
news today you didn't know you said you
didn't take James Comey do you want to
explain that why did you want him to
believe that you possibly did that well
I didn't tape him you never know what's
happening when you see that the Obama
administration and perhaps longer than
that was doing all of this unmasking and
surveillance said you read all about it
and I've been reading about it for the
last couple of months about the
seriousness of the horrible situation
with surveillance all over the place and
you've been hearing the word unmasking a
word you probably never heard before so
you never know what's out there but I
didn't tape and I don't have any tape
and I didn't take but when he found out
that I you know that there may be tapes
out there whether it's governmental
tapes or anything else and who knows I
think his story may have changed I mean
you'll have to take a look at that
because then he has to tell what
actually took place at the events and my
story didn't change my story was always
a straight story my story was always the
truth but you'll have to determine for
yourself whether or not his story
changed but I did not take this just in
his story didn't change it's interesting
I didn't tape in I didn't have tapes and
I didn't tape and then he just kept
saying tape until Milania pinched him
briefly and then he's like oh okay yeah
so he kept saying that he didn't tape
and theoretically like we broke down
yesterday he could like he could have
recorded the conversations but be
wording it very carefully that he didn't
press the button that it wasn't a tape
it was on a CD I mean that that sort of
thing theoretically could still be the
case by the way as I stated emphatically
at this desk a few couple of weeks ago a
few weeks ago
we knew he didn't take that we discussed
it you don't ask everybody to leave the
room and then roll tape or any sort of
recording device on the conversation
who's gonna have with anyone in this
case James Comey so it made no sense but
it was this it was this great again
smoke bomb that he threw to the press
and they all scurried and yeah the the
thing in this particular case is it's
it's not just a smoke bomb I think it's
an incendiary bomb and he threw it in
his own room because you don't get to
say oh well maybe I was secretly taping
this guy who's gonna be involved in a
court case against me yeah I didn't I
mean that's tampering with a witness
that's theoretically trying to
intimidate a witness even if he never
did it there didn't have to be anything
true about it this could come up in
Muller's case against him avenge yeah I
don't know I guess I see it and the
landscape of things that could come up
in Moore's case against him and has not
that big a deal
yes you might be right there yeah but on
the merits you're probably right which
is that it nonetheless represents
stepping out of bounds mm-hmm yeah
definitely and he's he really thinks
that he's come up with something smart
there I mean look he's got the most
friendly person asking that question
possible and we'll break down a little
bit more about that in a minute or dark
you um but he's come up with this story
like first of all and my story never
changed and I was told a straight story
you just admitted you were lying you
just you the reason you're speaking is
because a question about your lie was
given to you you can't say that you were
being straight you weren't being
straight you weren't telling the truth
but also I'm like I'm trying not to be
fair because I said after the
inauguration I would not be fair to him
but I'm trying to work through what he
said his new theory is that I will say I
just wanted him to be honest and he
wasn't being honest but then eventually
he was honest but there's two problems
with that the period before his supposed
to change over to being honest what is
the difference in commis story that
supposedly happened I don't know what
that's supposed to be exactly there's
none and then the second part is and
look then in the end I made him honest
okay let's say that you're right in his
honest testimony he said that you tried
to manipulate him and tried to
manipulate the investing
you're proving he was honest he said
damning things about you you moron yeah
and of course we know what he means he's
referring to the one part of a Comey
said that reflected him not being under
investigation right but he doesn't
bother to make that distinction so what
John says has truth here and that he's
sort of made this comment that would
suggest that well in other words all
those damning things that Comey said
about you they were true and of course
the Fox News person would never follow
up that Wow she's just a you know she's
a potted plant with a microphone yeah
and look what's ironic is is you're
totally right all he wants is for them
to come out and say that he's not under
investigation and he's willing to do
almost anything to get that in fact he's
willing to do things that will result in
him being put under investigation to get
them to say he's not under investigation
and that's that's our president
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you don't want great thing about that
that means we're not accountable to
anyone but you guys that's why we're
strong together because we built the
show around you come build it even
bigger and better at TYT Network comm
/join
