we saw with our eyes and we heard with
our ears dashcam video the incident
which was seen by the jury has now been
released and it is very hard to look at
that
dashcam video and say that our fellow
citizen Fomento Castile got his due
process so zero minutes yep Fox News
spent zero ten minutes on this how in
God's green earth can this network be
considered a valid source of information
when they spent no time talking about
the release of dashcam footage that
shows the ruthless unjust killing of a
black man in America especially when
they have spent the last year saying
things like this can you say black lives
matter all lives matter and just say
black lives Hispanic lives don't matter
Asian lives don't matter white lives
don't matter the unborn lives don't
matter
holiday for bringing Americans together
unless you decide to promote segregation
while you do it
in fact I recall that the only person
they covered nearly as much as Donald
Trump was a self in black quarter bike
they accused of disrespecting this great
nation
when kneeling to bring light to
situations precisely like falando
Casillas killing Colin Kaepernick's
asinine publicity stunt that is the
opposite of oppression you dope so let
me get this straight
ripping into this man from kneeling is
worth countless hours of coverage but
dashcam footage shown and officer firing
seven shots into our cooperative
American is not what they mentioned or a
segment or at least a tiny bit of
coverage I mean come on I was at least
expecting you to bring up the whole
marijuana thing that the defense
clutched on to or even bring back your
token black spokesperson David Clarke to
twist this narrative the same way you
spent countless hours twisting every
other narrative about high-profile
killings of black Americans he was in
that store the night before or 1:00 a.m.
and he was trying to sell drugs or make
a drug exchange he robbed the store said
F the police officers you're too much of
a P word to shoot me this is nonsense if
this had anything to do with race this
is a tax case and of course it wouldn't
be hypocrisy without those who feed from
the scraps of Fox mirroring the silence
well almost complete silence because
despite
saying absolutely nothing on Idol the
acquittal of officer Jana is the dashcam
footage or the heartbreaking video of
Diamond Reynolds and her daughter
handcuffed in the back of the police car
left alone to ponder the killing of
their loved one Tommy Lyon thought it
was important to speak up only on a
tweet she did not like from who else
Catholic so again let me get this
straight we hear crickets on the
chilling footage but someone else
sharing an opinion brings your hatred to
the surface you really are a whole next
level of ugly lady and what about the
Bible are called into Hannity you've
been very vocal in your disregard for
black lives matter in the past right in
fact you spoke about this exact case
before remember you said this how about
helping the person that's been shot so
he felt that the most important part of
this story demanding your attention was
Diamond Reynolds document in the
situation but you have nothing to say
about the dashcam footage that actually
documents the horrific actions of the
police officer what's wrong Shawn you
don't think his girlfriend should have
jumped in front of the bullets as well
maybe she should have used terms like
sir and remain calm and cooperative oh
wait she did that she showed the utmost
courtesy even to a man who maliciously
just put seven shots into the person she
loved in front of our daughter you make
me sick your network makes me sick the
right-wingers who were so convinced
black lives matter was a hate group yet
say nothing when the reasons for their
protests are clear as in night and day
make me sick the thing is Fox and those
who ride their coattails I'm not fit to
hold themselves up as representatives of
or spokesman for this country's moral
values I mean just take away the race
issue and just look at this case as a
routine situation where law enforcement
has pulled over a driver for a minor
traffic offense you really have nothing
to say about whether Fallon dhoka still
deserved to die
whether diamond Reynolds and her
daughter deserve to watch as he bled to
death and whether they then deserve to
be thrown in the back of a squad car
to wait and wonder what is going to
happen to them next if you don't have
something to say about all of that
no one should listen to you about
anything at all follow me on instagram
at francis m maxwell on twitter at
francis and max will also share this
video call out the hypocrisy of the
was on the right and continued to resist
