so right now we have an interview setup
this gentleman is running against then
as Dianne Feinstein his name is David
Hildebrand and he builds himself as a
Democratic Socialist and we're thrilled
to have him David are you there
yes I am hey I know you how are you
David yeah we met at the people summit
that's right that's right I met now look
at us we got on the same show together
see how life works don't walk up aboard
Jaime so I'm definitely and for anybody
running against Dianne Feinstein so you
call yourself a Democrat and socialist
and first of all what part of the state
are you from I'm actually I live in
Sacramento I'm technically from Lodi
Woodbridge area but I moved up here
about a decade ago okay and what made
you want to run for Senate well actually
it's kind of an interesting story I
obviously I work on the Bernie campaign
and I did a school board campaign
locally here because I didn't want
anything to do with the general election
so I didn't I started on the SD 562
campaign and I was waiting for people to
fill in the slots basically and we have
a lot of people on in the different
congressional districts filling in those
slots and I was waiting for someone to
step up and take Dianne Feinstein and no
one would so I said well in late
February basically I decided you know
what I'm going to do it we we have a
network of Brenna Kratz here in
California that's the biggest in the
nation so I mean if we can get all that
hooked together I think we actually have
a chance of this I think we I think
definitely people are sick of Dianne
Feinstein I know we are here at the
Young Turks on this show I don't know
about the other so what's that that's
bipartisan yeah so um tell us about well
what it what is a you have any big ideas
what are your big main programs you want
to push so obviously a single-payer is
one of my number one ending citizens
united obviously is on the top as well
we need to get big money out of politics
and on that note I'm not accepting any
corporate donations I'm not accepting or
not having a super PAC or allowing one
so that's where I'm starting off
obviously there's a lot of things 515
that I that I want to promote I want to
in private prisons by legalizing
marijuana so we can shut down Madison
Park
reaching so you wait a minute David you
you think you could just make sense like
that and people are gonna vote for you I
don't see that that so that seems like
stuff that that people would say that
makes sense it doesn't seem like that's
ever gonna happen but uh you know Kamala
Harris when she was the Attorney General
she pretended to be shocked at the
private prison system and she also
pretended to be proud shocked at the
prison labor system so now do you know
anything about the prison labor system
because the last the sistex I saw that
the Cal State of California saves a
billion dollars by using prison labor
which to me is slavery yeah so yeah I
know that they make like I think it's
like 7 to 23 cents an hour I think
that's ridiculous I think that people
that are working in prison should be
making the same way just as people
outside of prison and what that does is
that sets them up for success once they
leave prison so if you're going to have
somebody making you know basically
nothing and then they leave prison with
nothing that's a recidivism issue
they're going to leave have nothing to
go off of when they get out of jail and
they're going to end up committing more
crimes or going back to jail because of
it so we need to set people up for
success have training programs in prison
actually pay them something so when they
get out they have something to start off
with Wow I've told you you sound a
little bit too informed and you sound
like a little bit too sensible how does
the guide mouth can you have is
ridiculous because uh David s Malcolm
flesh there and guest on a show today
and I wanted to ask you about
California's often labeled one of the
most progressive states in the Union if
not the most and it would seem that it
would make sense for our representatives
in the Senate to fit that meal fit the
bill in that they would be progressive
in line with the state and yet Dianne
Feinstein is really of her record is
more along though the right side or more
close to the center of the Democratic
Party and I don't really buy into that
center-right sort of thing she's more
corporatist really and so I'd like to
know from you what is your critique of
her record and where why you would
represent the state of California more
effectively and where the State of
California's values are than Dianne
Feinstein has so Dianne Feinstein
doesn't represent any issues that should
lose money on
so she's all for gay marriage because
doesn't cost her donors anything but
then when we start talking about stuff
like fracking then all of a sudden she
just wants to not talk about that when
we talk about single-payer she calls it
the government takeover of all medicine
so obviously you know she had gone to a
fundraiser a couple weeks before that
and taken a lot of money from
pharmaceutical companies so that's kind
of like shadowing you know or covering
her decision basically so we know that
she's already bought out and issues that
actually mattered a California like
single payer 70% of California wants
single-payer and she's against it and
calling a California the most liberal
state yeah it's the most liberal state
but everything is relative right so we
have a lot of people even in a state
legislature the mod Dems are business
friendly then they call themselves they
they don't actually vote the way that
you would think that a progressive would
we just got our own progressive caucus
in the state legislature but you know
that's a small handful of the total
number of Democrats in office so my
thing about California is if you're
going to run for office in California to
run democratic even if you're a
Republican thanks so much for letting
everybody here at the Young Turks know
about your candidacy and what is your
website David Burke Californian com
David for California comm all right
David thank you so much for taking time
when talking with us and we'll have you
on again real soon thanks a lot
hey MSNBC just hired Megan Kelly to make
sure Santa Claus stays white if you're
sick of that kind of lefty
corporatism from the news support
aggressive progressives right here at
the Young Turks Network you become a
member for $10 a month it gets you
access to the whole show we do an hour
every week and it gets you access to all
the other member benefits at the Young
Turks stick your thumb in the eye of the
corporate news and become a member of
TYT Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join find out what
it's all about
