Jim well dentist of course Academy Award
Academy nominated actor and former
congressman dennis kucinich and here we
are going to talk about their their
fighting frac gassing a frack gas up in
new york state
hello welcome to the show both of you
thanks so James - James can you go ahead
and tell me about what's going on you've
even got arrested and so tell us what
the problem is happening in New York
State with frack gas so we have a bit
well it isn't a fan it's a moratorium
and that was a moratorium for drilling
for Frank gas in New York however we
have an infrastructure a growing
infrastructure of not only pipelines and
compressor stations but in my particular
community which is way way on des
there is a big power plant a 650
megawatt power plant that produces 20 a
million tons of co2 a year which is
about 60 percent of all the co2 emitted
in New York State per year and it's
going to have a deleterious effect on
the local community on our water on our
air on the people who live there's an
environmental justice community not oh
maybe a hundred yards from the where
this plant is it has - two hundred and
seventy five foot smokestacks that spit
out this ultra fine particulate matter
which gets into people's lungs and into
their blood supply it causes rashes it
causes bleeding noses and children
there's a link to autism and this is on
top of not only the co2 but the methane
released which is a much more dangerous
greenhouse gas by order of magnitude and
this plant will have a 40 year life span
and in order to supply gas to this one
plant over 1500 Wells will have to be
drilled in Pennsylvania to supply the
gas in other words this is only one
plant of over 300 that have been planned
so a group of us a very small
all a committed group of local people a
grassroots opposition to this plan did
everything that we knew how to do we
picketed we went to the governor's
office we wrote letters oh we did
everything come to our senators our
representatives nobody paid a slightest
bit of attention which is an interesting
story in and of itself and finally there
was nothing else to do but do an act of
civil disobedience which was to change
ourselves together to block the entrance
to the plant to be arrested hopefully
with the idea that the trial we would be
able to use what is called the necessity
defense that there is a greater
necessity in fighting a larger evil then
the damage done by the statute that you
break and you have to prove that there
is an imminent threat which if you see
what is happening in Phoenix with planes
not being able to take off because it's
130 degrees and reports coming in from
Africa that there's going to be a larger
migration of refugees than there has
ever been an issue for the world and it
coming very quickly as people have to
leave their communities because there is
no water and the soil will it will not
grow the plants burn so we did this not
only for the people of my community of
the larger community of Orange County of
the people of New York but also for the
people of the world
so what was the response you got from
Governor Cuomo you should ask
I have asked I knew it'd be funny that's
why I asked okay
so I'll tell you my my opinion my
opinion is that there was a large group
movement in New York to get a ban on
fracking and they obviously at some
point went to the organizers went to
Governor Cuomo and said we want a ban
and he said well uh would he give me
what do I get out of and they said what
do you want he said well I want to close
down Indian Point nuclear facility
because it's old and
dangerous and for many other reasons and
so I need to tell the business community
that there will be the power available
to develop industry in whatever
community and there's one going up it
happens to be called CP V and I want CPP
they said fine you give us a ban
he said no I'll give you a moratorium it
has no standing in law in other words it
can be rescinded at any moment and so
the quid pro quo was the environmental
movement got a moratorium on fracking he
got a 650 megawatt power plant
the gas company got at least 1500 new
wells having to be drilled over the 40
year lifespan of this power plant and we
as the civilian population got screwed
how can people help you we need to get
the word out we need financial support
in order to continue the struggle we
need people to organize very quickly to
oppose the build-out of hydro fracking
infrastructure in their own communities
to understand and to communicate to
their fellow citizens that this is not a
bridge fuel this is a bridge to nowhere
this will kill us all
so technology county protect Orange
County organization in New York as a
website which you can go to and get more
information and also give your name as
someone who cares about it and I think
uh they have something in there for
contribution yes they do protect Orange
County com
okay so protect Orange County com will
tell people to go there and this you
know it's very subjective it may be
project
Orange County org okay so people good
make sure it's Orange County New York
fighting the fracking right so people
will Google that they'll be able to find
that we'll put a link underneath this
video to that website also and before we
have to go we're out of time thanks for
all your you know hard work thanks for
putting your body on the line thanks for
making a difference
thanks for putting money where your
mouth is and willing to go to prison for
this
hey are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats so are we so why not become a
member of the Young Turks and help us
say no to corporate money if you become
a member it helps support shows like the
aggressive progressives who are pissed
off at corporate Democrats go to tea
white tea network.com slash join it's
only $10 a month it helps keep us
independent and keep bringing you the
truth
