a mother has been arrested after
allegedly breast feeding her baby in a
bar now this woman was arrested at an
Indianapolis bar early on Friday after
she was seen breastfeeding her seven
month old daughter while drinking beer
and offering to have sex with people who
would go inside and buy her more beer
now this is a picture of Shari Trevor
who is 42 and is facing a felony charge
for neglect of a dependent along with a
misdemeanor charge for public
intoxication she's a big trouble
ya take take that Shari all right now
court documents show that the child was
taken into state custody she was
examined at a nearby hospital where
luckily she was found to have no signs
of intoxication or other physical signs
of neglect or abuse there are some other
witness testimonies I guess of this of
this scenario apparently she chained the
stroller to like a post outside of the
bar the father of the child was also
there who is also very intoxicated
family night well okay so I think let's
let's delve into this because I think we
can hear the story when we think of his
mom breastfeeding a baby at a bar and
it's like oh haha like it's a funny
image but the fact that this woman is
Patek like neglecting her daughter
potentially intoxicating a 7-month
year-old baby being this intoxicated
wall in charge of a child is really
really sad and I think you know there's
a chance obviously if this is happening
in the middle of the night at a bar with
her uh you know baby baby daddy that
they may have an issue and that she
thinks it's okay to strap her stroller
to a post outside and that's really sad
I mean alcoholism is one of the leading
killers in our country and it's so
devastating because people are
potentially dealing with this and
struggling with it but also that they're
subjecting a newborn child to it well
gonna be a downer about it sorry
the limit like yeah yeah do I give you
and people have babies I know some
friends of mine are breastfeeding and
they're like they know that if you want
to have any kind of alcohol once you're
done breastfeeding if one glass of wine
they have to wait for like hours yeah
it's like three to four hours that's
great I mean a wow I didn't really know
that at all beforehand and be your
technique like buying alcohol for a
minor you get but it's the same as like
getting in and a baby drunk but the
thing is like this had do have happened
throughout history before we knew that
you could infuse your breast milk with
alcohol right like this is happening so
four years and I'm sure and another
thing is like a another friend of mine
was drunk and she said lists Eric was
drunk she was pregnant and she says you
do more damage to the baby during the
early months of pregnancy while drinking
then you do during the later months when
everything's kind of built now you
shouldn't do it at all but if we're
going to say you do more damage versus
less damage the thing is like they're
pregnant women out there who aren't
showing and are drinking and are doing
way more damage but get no one to call
them out for and then there's super
pregnant women who are like this is my
one glass a week and everyone at the
restaurants like how dare you yes I mean
I presumably for some women who aren't
showing maybe they don't know and that
is something that is a risk that is
scary for women who maybe aren't trying
and don't know that they are pregnant
and could be affecting the baby like
that but like you said Brett like this
could have happened in history I mean
that's why we saw you know so many cases
uh you know however many years ago with
like fetal alcohol syndrome and like
different effects and we don't know how
for women who are breastfeeding how that
may have affected their you know brain
development or their IQ or other
developmental aspects right because we
just don't there's no way to really look
at that but clearly this is a case where
we know that she is breastfeeding at the
same time she was drinking you know that
this could really potentially harm the
baby thank God nothing happened to the
baby the baby had no signs of
intoxication but a really sis
Terry oh well she doesn't have custody
of her child anymore which is you know
as horrendous - that this child now has
to go through yeah foster care and
things like that but so look one I'm
gonna bring back the fun part of the
story - I'm gonna be a little contrary
in here uh first of all these this
couple should be spokespeople for the
alcoholic because one she's like I will
have sex with you if you just buy me one
okay
that is amazing that's why it's Gordon C
but nonetheless uh it is say it is both
sad is both sad and entertain slightly
amusing okay and then for my favor for
the stories with the husband got about
like I thought that the husband was in
there yeah or that he didn't exist
right and then she's like I'll observe
you get back in the bar then the husband
shows up say got anybody anybody at all
dating takers so I don't know what's
going on their relationship but it's
funky it's interesting um but now in in
all seriousness I do a little bit of a
defense really we're gonna lock her up
for having a beer while breastfeeding
cuz I think we'd have to lock up a lot
of people so it's it's potentially
dangerous and I don't want you to do it
and I don't want you to get the wrong
idea but taking away the baby in LA
Europe is pretty draconian yet and and I
would have hold on hold on I just want
to be just completely thought I wouldn't
have been in favor of it at all
I think it would have been too far
except that she chained the stroller and
went back inside and left a baby alone
out there so then okay then you're
endangering the child finishing the
stroller no okay yes thoughts thinking
it through I am with you I don't think
we should lock her up I do think that I
mean she was struggling to produce
identification respond to the officers
question she was so so intoxicated I
think what should happen is that she
gets help like I don't know if she needs
to go to to you know jail but I think
she needs to get help and maybe once she
gets to a place in recovery or whatever
then she can gain custody back but she
is not in a
right now where she should have custody
of a child right or at least in the
meantime let's figure out some more
facts about this lovely lady who is
offering sex for a beer while
breastfeeding her baby drunk like I have
to think it's it's the number of
terrible choices she was making at once
that that if she was just at the bar
well first of all I think it's sad cuz
I'm saying it don't be so stupid if
you're gonna have a beard and breasts we
do it at home so not everybody's looking
at you Tom that is and and that's
terrible but like that's smarter it's
not great but that's that proves that
someone is at least a little smarter
than someone who goes out to the bar and
it's like baby on a boob hand on a cold
one sip in feeding the baby switching
off and go in and like that that's like
where the police show up and be like
wait this is all happening at the same
time come with us we're gonna put your
baby over here we're gonna put you over
here ask you some questions so the the
to be fair of them bread they were and
this is true at a Work Conference yeah
that's amazing they can hold out at
jumping that's mitigating circumstances
okay so they're like okay we're at an
accounting conference so let's obviously
take our baby a bar and see what happens
and here's whatever hit a point one nine
three alcohol level at its really really
high and I have to confess that when I
first read the story Hannah I didn't
think that he didn't occur to me the
shoes are not calling as you laid it out
I was like oh god yeah like now we don't
know for sure right but there are a lot
of circumstantial evidence there and I
think we have a problem if you
regardless whether an alcoholic or not
you have some sort of dependency or some
sort of problem with your relationship
with alcohol if you are doing all of the
aforementioned acts yeah and and uh
she's also charged with public
intoxication a charge that I actually
hate uh I think that it is only used
when drunk people are pain in the ass
the cops because what I mean there's a
billion people were publicly intoxicated
that identify that yeah that's not a
thing right it's no cops only use that
when they're annoyed I yeah you guys
disturbing the peace which I get
still use ambiguously a lot but at least
when you say you're disturbing the peace
we are here to protect and serve come
with us but like your public
intoxication is just like wow that guy
sounds hilarious episode I was like but
I wanna hang out with so publicly in
time okay
I'm not buying that either and they say
and they arrested the dad cos there he
was also painting ass he's like really
protesting loudly that they should be
arresting his wife so that I go gay
that's it you're under arrest a lot of
this is flimsy charge but the one thing
that we all agree on is let's
investigate how to help these folks
because that investigation needs to
happen because if this happened I don't
know what else is happening at home and
you gotta help make sure the baby safe
and make sure that this couple gets some
help they need
we're not the Young Turks you're The
Young Turks you power this show together
we build something amazing we broken
stories like the Donna Brazile story the
mainstream media wouldn't break we built
the studio we built this network it's
now number one all thanks to you guys
let's come build it even bigger and
stronger TYT Network dot-com /join
