one other component in our continuing
coverage of this entire healthcare
debacle I believe earlier this week I
warned you that it was likely that in
the Senate bill they would completely
throw under the bus the people currently
suffering the millions of people across
the country currently suffering in the
opioid epidemic that was what we
believed would be in the bill that is
what's in the bill and they are trying
to fool you by including a little bit of
money the BCRA
would appropriate two billion dollars in
2018 to fund state grants to boost
treatment and recovery services for
those struggling with drug addiction and
mental health disorders which might
sound like wow two billion dollars that
sounds that sounds really good perhaps
not to just two key Republican senators
from states hardest hit by the opioid
crisis we're asking for forty five
billion dollars over the next ten years
that's for two of the states and that is
actually it turns out a conservative ask
those who are experts on the opioid
epidemic say that over ten years to
truly deal with this across the country
we would need to appropriate 190 billion
dollars they gave to because screw those
people suffering from opioid the opioid
epidemic screw those people many of whom
were Trump supporters many of whom
enthusiastically supported four
republican congressmen senators and the
president what's gonna happen to them
now continue to suffer with the
addiction until many of them die okay so
the one hundred ninety nine hundred
ninety billion covers not only drug
addiction costs but also the diseases
I'm about as a result of the that's
right yeah the forty five billion just
covers drug addiction yeah the two
billion just covers not a goddamn thing
yeah lovers their ass maybe yeah but
what it does it what did so why didn't
even bother putting in the two billion
when even the house even the draconian
house bill had forty five billion over
ten years right because of marketing so
they could turn around and go did you
know that Obamacare didn't have anything
for opiate opioids this is a passive in
2009 in the epidemic had not begun at
that point but they can it doesn't
matter they don't need to be right they
just need to be able to trick you so
Obamacare had nothing for opiate we put
in two billion
in the Senate bill is it come on how
generous are we leaving it the fact that
you would need that minimum actually 45
million little 190 of the people that
theoretically were using their health
insurance to deal with the addiction
gonna be thrown off of their health
insurance so what we covered in that
story was how many of those people a
huge percentage state-by-state that get
treatment for their addiction problems
and again the diseases that come about
from the addiction through the Medicaid
expansion we're not talking about small
numbers we're talking about like forty
to sixty percent on a state-by-state
basis those people will now be thrown to
the to the wolves and hopefully they'll
get some small amount of that two
billion dollars and in reality like John
is pointing out you are actually going
to get less money not a positive two
billion less money for opioid addiction
because when you take into account the
Medicaid cuts but the marketing will say
we increased opioid coverage by two
billion dollars what more do these
people want so if you don't just look
right behind their ads you won't have
any sense of how draconian the
Republicans are but that's what our job
here is to break down the news and tell
you what the reality is yeah and the
reality is if you were looking for Trump
to deliver on his promise that he's
gonna help families suffering from
opioid addiction you've come to the
wrong place you don't like hats well I
hear your brother did you know that you
can forget my young turks member get the
full two hours show every day on demand
plus so many other network shows all
ad-free for just ten bucks a month give
it a shot right now to uit network comm
slash join
