police lives matter is a terrorist
organization that exists solely to muddy
the message of the BLM movement and
justify extrajudicial killings that
disproportionately target people of
color there's no clear indication of
this fact and this photo taken of
officer Geronimo llanes if you look at
Yanis his chest pocket you can see the
bloodied insurance card of recently
slain falando Castile if you look at his
right arm you'll see that he's wearing a
band from this organization it's a band
that many cops wear now what I'm saying
outrage is you that's because it's meant
to outrage you now think for a moment
did you feel this way when you heard the
same type of coverage from the
right-wing pundits launched directly at
black victims or black lives matter
let's say black lives matter ok black
lives matter is a hate group you have
government officials that support groups
like that that call for the
assassination of cops those are outright
lies they're shameless they're vile but
they work to drive the conversation away
from the reality the reality that we
have a problem with policing in this
country nine hundred and sixty three
instances of police taking lives of
citizens in 2016 is a problem one out of
20 of those shot being unarmed is a
problem a third of those killed were
fleeing and that is a problem
a quarter of those killings were black
and while black people only make up for
13% of the population and that's a
problem the fact that an unarmed black
person is five times more likely to be
shot than an unarmed white person is a
problem the fact that a black teenager
is twenty times more likely to be shot
and killed by the police is a problem
the fact that we have to compile this
data from newspaper reports because law
enforcement refuses to track it on
purpose is a problem the fact that out
of all of these shootings in the past
three years only 13 of them were
high-profile cases because of the
footage and after those 13 shootings
only four officers were fired and that
is a problem and if you think black
lives matter is a hate group because
they raise these issues you're part of
the problem as well because black lives
matter tries to get Americans to
confront these issues or at the very
least get them to acknowledge the
reality African Americans face in
dealing with a modern American criminal
justice system and yet we have these
shameless fucking lies put forward black
lives matter is not the answer
they only make things worse because
they're at
dancing narrative is killing cops no
Shawn you make things worse because
instead of acknowledging the problem you
double down on your bigotry and push
lies like this to your audience you're a
special kind of asshole Shawn the kind
who believes his own bullshit
but this issue isn't only with media
look at the way a figurehead of the
broken criminal justice system cowboy
sheriff Clark refers the BLM protesters
then the police can show up and arrest
these subhuman creeps subhuman creeps is
exactly the kind of language that
justifies killing black people Clark a
public servant by the way not only has
these thoughts but has acted on them
forcing over 40 women in jail to give
birth while chained up to their beds
like animals or allowing a mentally ill
patient to die of dehydration while
awaiting trial innocent until proven
guilty right just like falando castile
was innocent all the way up to the
moment his killer pulled the trigger
seven times for Lando's killer went free
yesterday this was how he was murdered
as he reached for his wallet and we only
found out about this injustice last year
because Poole and O's girl friend
recorded a video
immediately after the shooting and let's
go back to Shawn for a second here's a
perfect example of Shawn reaching new
lows as he tries to cast doubt that this
shooting was anything but absolutely
unjust the woman is live tweeting or
facebooking the images instead of
helping her boyfriend this makes no
sense what the fuck was she supposed to
do drive him to the hospital and get her
and her daughter shot too
the fact that she had the presence of
mind to make a video shows how
commonplace the experience of being
pulled over is for black people the
reason why for Lando's girlfriend felt
compelled to whip out her phone is
because these instances are so often
silenced by police departments breaking
through that silence is exactly what
black lives matter exists to do your
broadcast goes out to millions of
Americans Shawn where is your sense of
decency your journalistic integrity it's
gotta be dug deep somewhere next to the
bar you buried for black people to be
murdered because that's Trevor Noah also
mentioned with each new killing the bar
is set lower for a black person to be
killed as right-wing media desperately
tries to find new ways to say those
black victims had it coming for them we
arrived at the killing of responsible
gun owner upstanding citizen falando
Castillo well I know cassia was shot
seven times and the bar is now set even
lower
you can't smoke weed you can't even
smell like weed you can't drive with a
broken taillight you can't be a
responsible gun owner and inform the
officer as the law suggests and you
definitely can't be black but I guess
the bar was always set that low which is
exactly what black lives matter intends
the show and getting angry at black
lives matter instead of acknowledging
the reality they seek to highlight is
like getting angry at your doctor for
telling you that you have cancer and
just like cancer the issues black people
face in our broken criminal justice
system are literally killing them I'm
ason piker please share this video with
your friends if you think our criminal
justice system is broken and our police
force desperately needs reform and don't
forget to follow me on instagram at asan
deep Iker and on twitter at us on the
hunt and this has been the breakdown
