an uber driver in South Florida was
recently given a 250 dollar ticket but
now for their driving because the driver
did not speak English which is
apparently at least as of today
something you can get a massive fine for
this was Carmen hey shove area was
dropping passengers off at Miami
International Airport last Sunday when
traffic officers stopped her to engage
in conversation uh echeverria didn't
understand what that pelea that traffic
officer was saying so they brought a
spanish-speaking officer over uh and
then she was given issued the citation
after the translation was finished uh
his various says I felt discriminated
against and you can actually even track
down there's uh some video on the per
copy reasons we're not gonna show of the
conversation between them uh but she was
apparently taken aback by this law
because I don't think this is something
that we're familiar with necessarily uh
but yes Miami law requires all ride
hailing drivers to be able to
communicate in English under the terms
of a local ordinance passed in May of
2016 and Hoover spokesman had a limited
comment on this said it says they have
to communicate in English it doesn't say
they have to speak English now and I
guess to do the driving there has to be
some communication apparently that had
been working I guess up until this point
and this law has been enforced upwards
of 40 times since its enactment several
years ago uh it will uh as of about a
week from today uh be taken away with a
new state law that does not require this
English of proficiency yet you know I I
mix fears of the story but it is because
it was really badly titled it said uber
driver faces fine we're not speaking
English and you might get pissah doober
that was the case it's not uh but I
actually would have been pissed i I
understand that a lot better I think
you're a private company and you decide
hey listen it were you know we got a
business to run here
and the most common language spoken in
America is and Miami is still in America
uh it is English so you gotta be able to
speak English to do this job uh is
lodging that for example I just thought
of this right now
someone came here and they said okay I
only speak German I
to do a young turks channel in America
shop and ass I'm like this is not me
dummy okay no you can't like you want
apply for to RT Germany bless your heart
but you can't go go on air and not speak
English when we're doing a show in
English yeah so yeah but which is why
the the difference between it being uber
and it being a traffic officer seems
really important like that's right look
if it was over was like we gotta stop
driving until you learn English or
something we we could have conversation
with about that I don't think there
would be a uniform opinion I think a lot
of people still the prom with that but
being fined $250 imagine how many uber
drives you have to do to earn that 250
dollars I remember once I uh I got
pulled over as I was parking to go into
my wait waiting job I was waiting tables
and Indian restaurant I get pulled over
cuz apparently took a left turn we're
not supposed to and I was uh given a
ticket for a hundred and sixty-two
dollars it was perfectly safe I've done
it dozens and dozens and dozens of times
and as I got out I just thought like I'm
about to go into this shift busting my
ass to serve food and I'm not gonna make
enough money even pay off this ticket so
I'm basically serving for free tonight
she's over ring for free for multiple
days possibly that's unacceptable okay
random quick story I get pulled over at
a stop sign but it's a it's like you
know they have speed traps it's a stop
sign trap that means that nobody sees a
stop sign it is it's buried under a tree
that's why the cops do so long and it's
in the middle of nowhere for no reason
like that's just too many people tickets
and the couple's me over fine or
whatever this is what they do right but
he says how do you see what you did they
you in danger everybody's lives the car
were like come on dude it's a stop sign
crap and the one of my wise as friends
in the back he's like Thank You officer
I was this close
you know I'm yeah
that's what I would do in America ha
Napoli's no no he's like you should give
a ticket I mean wolf I was I was so
afraid for my life
anyway uh it but you can't if you're
Miami I'm glad that Florida's main take
this away it's a different thing when
the state does when the government does
it yeah was because we are allowed to
speak different languages
America it yeah might be inconvenient
for some of us but it is what it is and
and I and that's diversity nibel and I
that I'm totally in favor of and you
it's easy a frustrated man is a lot of
people speak English a Miami well if you
like it bingo yeah they go don't go to
Miami a lot of people owes me use their
yes okay you can move out of Florida
you should anyway okay that also it's
it's wrong for the government to say you
must speak English otherwise we will
give you a $250 ticket exact we're not
seeing the language we kind of like okay
free for a private company I think it
would be a different matter you don't
like hats well I hear your brother did
you know that you can begin my Young
Turks member get the full two hours show
every day on demand plus so many other
Network shows all ad free for just ten
bucks a month give it a shot right now
TYT Network comm /join
