Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey
and it's stunning unbelievable record
low approval rating of 15%
Wow maybe Dick Cheney got the 15% but I
can't remember another politician at 15%
he broke the record for most unpopular
governor in New Jersey history
congratulations Chris um when they asked
about it he said the fact is who cares
you guys care much more about the stuff
than I do
I've set you over and over and over
again poll numbers matter when you're
running for something when you're not
running for something they don't matter
a bit and I don't care I think it's a
hilarious quote because that quote
basically says look when I'm looking to
manipulate you and win an election well
then I care about my poll numbers and I
care about pretending to serve you so
that you reelect me and then I could
direct your pension money to my donors
okay when I'm not running for reelection
what if I care I'll run the thing into
the ground you hate me good I don't care
you don't like you to give all your
money away to my donors don't care you
know like I supported Donald Trump I
don't care I'm not running for
reelection I already tricked you sad day
for you and you know the people you
think Chris Christie so ours are tough
talking honest guy at New Jersey yeah no
this is the only time he's actually been
honest when he says look it's all about
me and if eautiful like it that's tough
nuts for you by the way to justify a
graphic that he's the biggest loser the
governor's approval peaked out at more
than 70%
he went from 70 to 15 I'll do the quick
math for you he lost 55 points in
approval rating unreal that's what
happens when you don't care about your
voters you don't care about your
constituents you care about your own
career and then laugh at them on your
way out you don't like hats well I hear
your brother did you know that you can
become a Young Turks member get the full
two hours show every day on demand plus
so many other Network shows all ad-free
for just 10 bucks a month give it a shot
right now TYT Network comm slash join
