there's University in China that wants
to emphasize the importance of social
media and etiquette on social media now
of course there is some money to be made
on social media if you have a large
enough following so as a result the you
in debt industrial and commercial
college has created a curriculum this is
a series of classes dedicated to success
on social media so keep in mind the top
earning internet celebrities known as
Wang Hong in China can earn up to 46
million dollars a year which makes me
question my life choices I feel like I
have failed but nonetheless students who
complete 3 years of the course or
courses will be awarded with an
associate degree so this is an actual
curriculum to cut it as an influencer
you will need to know for start
aesthetic cultivation and fashion
sensitivity public relations etiquette
and photo processing skills so can you
take a good picture do you know how to
dress yourself do you know how to edit
the hell out of that photo and do you
know how to be as vain as possible in
order to appeal to the masses and
possibly make a little bit of money uh
now they also learn important skills
like dance and and the arts so I want to
give a little bit of credit for that
because it's not just like selfie
classes here's a photo of them doing
some ballet alright get it one girl was
quoted as saying I like dressing myself
up really pretty and taking pictures
I feel like this major really suits me
so anyway look I don't want to criticize
China for this because this is something
that we're seeing throughout the world
you see a lot of people who become big
stars on social media they do make a lot
of money on social media and it's
essentially an easy way to make money
like let's say you have a big following
right and you livestream and use your
social media to livestream here's an
example of how people make money fans
who tuned in to watch can buy them
virtual gifts that can be redeemed for
cash for example virtual car bought by a
fan could be cashed in for twenty
dollars all right you guys jump in we
have very limited story makes me want to
be buried alive it's terrible after this
whole influence or craze is over you are
doing some kind of you're such a stupid
asshole with this on your resume of
I'm an associate degree in being an
influencer I mean go go get a marketing
degree go get a minor in dance or art or
something or you know what just be a
worthwhile fun person in real life on
your own go yeah explore something else
this is so vain um my uh Alan this Mike
and I have nothing to add here substance
except I should probably be on Instagram
or right you should totally a barely
first of all you have great hair and I
feel like you did that alone you should
be on Instagram you have a following
like when a quits hair
hashtag hot day yeah Bob matrix law so
my father uh you know had a very
distinguished career he fought World War
two and uh was was in the Peace Corps
and I worked for uh about a Kennedy was
his Press Center and George McGovern's
campaign president National Public Radio
that he was in PR finally made some
money started about age sixty and uh the
the interns are the young people at the
hill and all the big firm II worked at
they'd they come in to work like every
month there be a meeting he love meeting
young people love talking to young
people and he was interested in other
people so they died and he they'd all
come in and they'd inevitably they'd ask
a question and they'd uh or he you know
he danced and then he'd ask them a
question he'd say so what how many of
you here were communications
communications majors or PR majors and
you separate with all other hands go one
two three four five six seven eight
that's great you wasted your education
uh be a history major be a politics
major be a political seismic be a dance
major three something you're interested
in communication this begin being an
influence what you put together from
learning things about the world this is
what you learn by simply interacting
with friends right let go out there and
have a conversation uh but I think we we
isolator I mean I know that I'm guilty
of this
some people isolate themselves all the
communication they do is through digital
means and I think you know the fact that
you have to take classes on how to be
social on a digital setting is kind of
strange but anyway there is money to be
made
I get why these kids are doing it do you
boo I want to be too judgmental let's
just focus on improve my dad also say
that do you boo yes
you don't like hats well I hear your
brother did you know that you can become
a young tourist member get the full two
hours show every day on demand plus so
many other Network shows all ad-free for
just ten bucks a month give it a shot
right now TYT Network comm slash join
