a Republican contractors database of
nearly 200 million voters from all walks
of life and all political ideologies uh
is under fire because it turns out that
their database was left exposed on the
internet for a whopping 12 days now we
know this thanks to a cybersecurity
researcher by the name of Chris Vickery
and uh you know he does research to see
what type of vulnerabilities there are
out there in regard to our private
information of private citizens and he
came across this detailed information of
nearly every single u.s. voter now
detailed information of nearly every US
voter including in some cases their
ethnicity religion and views on
political issues was left exposed online
for two weeks by a political consultancy
that works for the RNC Republican
National Committee and other GOP clients
now the group that has been contracted
by the RNC is uh named deep root
analytics and they claim that they
haven't been hacked this was the result
of a hack
but that certain terms by their uh
providers uh changed and as a result
they didn't realize that there needed to
be some extra steps taken to protect the
data of these individuals now thankfully
Kim Borchers here she's more of an
expert on uh you know this type of tech
related news but let me give you a few
more details and I want you to jump in
camera included which voters are
suspicious of Wall Street and
pharmaceutical firms or who reluctantly
voted for Hillary Clinton or supports
the Affordable Care Act so this part is
relevant because this isn't just private
citizens obviously this is voter
information that also includes public
figures politicians and so there might
be some Republicans in Congress who
might have reluctantly voted for Hillary
Clinton like obviously this is
incredibly private information for a lot
of people and to know that it was just
out there vulnerable for anyone is is
concerning a lot of that information is
technically public record besides the
who reluctantly voted for Hillary
Clinton who is a an opponent opponent of
the Affordable Care Act whatever like
things like name where you live what
your party is blah blah blah this isn't
the first time victory has done this
earlier this year he
found 87 million Mexican voter records
on an exposed database and then layer he
found her before he found several US
voter databases online totally 18
million voters and the state of
Louisiana's entire database of 2.9
million voters now we have this company
here kind of blaming a third party and
that in my experience seems to almost
always be the case where this has been
this very sensitive and very important
data has been put in the hands of
someone else who is in some way
vulnerable or some way exposes whatever
the information is this is how things
get exposed in the internet of things
quite often and I also think if this is
kind of symptomatic of as a society
we've kind of been taught to stop caring
about our own data privacy right and you
know we get like asked by certain
websites to share all of our Facebook
info or share all of our contact info or
all of its posted out there and we think
oh it's fine it's okay but it's not okay
you have to stop being willing to
wholesale give up all of your privacy
all of your data because that will be
used against you one day already is old
okay so here's my question
uh in response to that though what do
you do when you want to register to vote
I mean you have to use your address and
to know that you know look there are
people who go to extreme lengths to keep
their address private right and like
what do those people do if if they come
across stories like this and they want
to vote they want to be part of this
democratic process right but they also
want to maintain their privacy
especially where they live or which
issues matter to them maybe they don't
want their you know political ideology
to be out there available for the world
to see you know what I'm saying to do
better with our state and federal
security measures I mean in the last
election we found some of the voting
machines were over 10 years old or
running on software that had like
Windows 98 involved we have to be better
about that we have to value our privacy
more and I think this is I mean I've
seen I see these stories not this
extreme but I see them all the time and
like you said people who
do want to vote and do want to be part
of the democratic process but don't want
their stuff shown that's perfectly fair
and I know while this is uh publicly
available information it's all together
it's all easy to read I hope this was
also a database not a bunch of
spreadsheets like I read but yeah it
should be worrisome yeah and by the way
not all of the information that was in
this database was publicly available oh
no yes some of it was some avail yes and
still you don't want all organized like
that right uh I hope this uh does a
little further damage to the argument
that the only reason that the DNC was
act in the 2016 election was because the
DNC has porous Internet security they
may well have incredibly porous internet
security but the RNC was an actress
nobody want hack it was just there that
it is not because the RNC uh has such
tight cybersecurity right the Russians
try yes it couldn't get it done yeah you
know another thing that I thought was a
little concerning and look political
parties are going to want to collect as
much information on American voters as
possible so they can you know uh
calibrate their campaigns in a way that
appeal to the most voters as possible I
mean that's common sense
but they're collecting a ton of
information on you and storing it
including you know how are you likely to
feel about pharmaceutical companies how
are you likely to feel about Wall Street
major corporations this is all stuff
that they keep about every single voter
so the company also kept information on
Americans voting histories and the
reported enthusiasm for Trump
nearly 170 gigabytes of the expose data
consisted of social media posts scrapped
from reddit Church which is amazing and
so look you're a your participation on
reddit or social media is obviously
gonna be public and if there are
political parties who want to collect
that data for their own benefit of
course they're gonna do it also the
exposure began on June 1st when a deep
root and a lid
adopted updates that accidentally
stripped away the password protection on
the files by the way this isn't
something that's unique to a political
party or politics in general this is
something that we see over and over
again with you know health care
providers getting hacked this stuff
happens all the time and so I think
there needs to be a general awareness of
it there needs to be measures taken to
protect people's privacy I can't even
tell you how many times I've had to like
call my credit card company and be like
yo didn't spend $800 at whatever
restaurant last night like that's insane
and later on I'll find out that there
was a breach for one of the websites
where my credit card information is
stored so that kind of stuff happens on
a regular basis there needs to be more
emphasis on protecting our privacy and
making sure that hackers can't get to
our information and that as in this case
our information is just readily
available for anyone who wants a I think
I speak for Ana when I say thank God Kim
was here for the story
I know stuff do you know okay fine
that I she probably will I would have
helped you not at all so you had to do
the story on your own okay at least had
someone other stories so it works out
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you know one great thing about that that
means we're not accountable to anyone
but you guys that's why we're strong
together because we built the show
around you come build it even bigger and
better at TYT Network dot-com slash join
