European Court has gone after
discriminatory policies against the gay
community in Russia this is known as the
gay propaganda law in Russia which was
passed back in 2013 and certain
individuals have come to the European
Court arguing that this anti-gay
propaganda legislation or I should say
is uh essentially against certain
articles uh in this European Court of
Human Rights so let me give you the
details therapy in Court of Human Rights
ruled against a Russian law barring the
promotion of gay propaganda among minors
which the court labeled discriminatory
and encouraging of homophobia by
adopting such laws the authorities
reinforce stigma and Prejudice and
encourage homophobia which is
incompatible with the notions of
equality pluralism and tolerance
inherent in a Democratic Society
so that was their ruling and I should be
clear that Russia is part of the
European Court of Human Rights Russia
plans on appealing this decision but the
entire case really revolves around three
people who brought it uh to court so the
law violates article ten which protects
freedom of expression and article
fourteen which prohibits discrimination
of the European Convention on Human
Rights and so uh the three people who
came forward with this case will be
awarded forty-eight thousand dollars uh
in total combined yeah yeah it so it
it's not look the the monetary part of
this ruling is it really that impressive
but I do think it's important that this
type of law gets condemned uh by other
countries and that's what's happened
here what's interesting is that Russia
plans on appealing it I mean okay so go
ahead and appeal it but the ruling was
right I mean it does violate those two
articles that were specifically
mentioned in this ruling it does
discriminate uh there have been
individuals who've been persecuted
simply for being gay in Russia and just
take a look at what's happening in
Chechnya right now where uh gay men are
literally being rounded up and
persecuted simply for their sexual
orientation in some cases they're just
being accused of being gay there's no
evidence they even are
it's just insane and look it's there's
an interesting conversation happening in
the United States where people think
black Russia is either black or white
right it's either good or bad no no
they're bad components to Russia for for
the liberals who continuously defend
Russia and pretend as if it's like the
best country in the world really I mean
it's just if there's a lot of strange
stuff going on well and this just
strikes me as more pro-war McCarthyism
from you right that's right stop that's
exactly right stop beating the drums for
war with Russia I'm just being
xenophobic you know uh no I mean
obviously there is I find it interesting
that several years ago when we were
covering the Pussy Riot story people
were outraged at the fact that three
women were imprisoned for two years
simply because they were protesting in a
Catholic Church
everyone was outraged by that and now
all of a sudden like know Russia's great
what's wrong Russia No Russia persecutes
people and and immediately goes after
political opponents something that we
would obviously speak out against here
in the United States something that we
would condemn here in the United States
but for some reason now all the sudden
you know Russia's completely innocent
but what I understand is that you know
III get I said I'm sure that many people
would are outraged by this include but
the the the defending Russia under was
all under the guise that were beating
the drums for war that it's part of the
the the military-industrial complex
which is a part and parcel works part
parcel with the media that will believe
any sort of pro war direction in a story
and it just it's it's incredibly not I
mean you know for example I I don't want
us to ever fight another war ever and I
want us to spend less money on the on
defense far less money on defense I want
us to have a strong vigorous defense but
I want us to be reasonable I want our
money allocated for things like
infrastructure that will create jobs and
grow this country and and protect the
the people who need protecting the most
I also think that the Vladimir Putin is
a crazed dictator and we probably should
be cautious
about how we proceed with them that said
when we need what we can work together
we should is right just like what we
have because we have for 250 years we've
worked with a terrible dictators and at
times people have worked with us while
thinking that we behave like they're
working with terrible dictators right
now as we speak we do it all the time
I don't know I don't know maybe I missed
it but I don't recall anyone on this
network ever once advocating for any
type of war with Russia but I person who
ever advocated for war on this network
is jank it was the first Gulf War and it
was a tool right before the network it
was under saying that we he and it and
he that was that was the I was jank 1.0
and it was a any other pro-war rally at
the University of Pennsylvania uh but
since then he's basically been against
your Wars uh and so is everybody else in
the notion that we can't criticize
Russia without getting called by some on
the left as if we're beating the drums
for a new Cold War is simply
preposterous absolutely you just watch
the video from the young turks
did you know there's a live to our show
every day and if you're a member of the
Young Turks you can get that on-demand
anytime you want without ads plus the
postgame just four members plus
aggressive progresses plus old school
plus so many other Network shows go
right now
TYT Network dot-com slash join
