the Supreme Court made an interesting
ruling in regard to sex offenders in
North Carolina now North Carolina is a
state that has a certain law on the
books pertaining to the social media use
of registered sex offenders in fact if
you are a registered sex offender if you
have done certain things that have made
you a registered sex offender you are
not allowed to use social media and of
course the thought process behind that
is that you could potentially use social
media to prey on underage children now
in this case though the Supreme Court
actually did strike down North
Carolina's law Monday that bars
convicted sex offenders from Facebook
Twitter and also other social media
sites the justices even ruled
unanimously in favor of North Carolina's
resident Lester packing ham jr. that is
the person who has been registered as a
sex offender
he was 21 years old when he had sexual
relations with a 13 year old which is
why he was convicted and had to register
now interestingly enough he had used a
family members Facebook page to brag
about the fact that he was let go from a
traffic citation and there were cops
investigating social media to see if
there were any registered sex offenders
using it when they weren't supposed to
and they came across his post and so as
a result you know that was considered
violating his probation and then this
whole case went all the way up to the
Supreme Court and now we have this
ruling so I'm really curious to hear
what you guys think do you think
registered sex offenders should be
allowed to use social media and just to
be clear it doesn't really matter what
we think we're not the Supreme Court but
I am curious to hear what public opinion
is all about the sex offender title is
an interesting one there's a proposal
here in California to actually rank as
they do in other states in many states
the degree of sexual offense because
there's obviously a wide breadth of
sexual offenders I mean pathetic as it
is there is so there has to be a level a
threshold of sexual offense it would
seem to me
does bar you from using social media
since it's the means by which as you
said Anna people reach out these people
reach out to underage girls typically
but it can be both sexes yeah I'm so I'm
I'm troubled by this because I know on
the one hand I think you should have
access to all of them you know social
medias information it's a lot of other
things on the other hand I think on at
some level there should be a threshold
of sexual offense that where you're DQ'd
you're disqualified from a yes of these
maybe oh well okay so let me give you
the argument by the Supreme Court which
again ruled unanimously in favor of
allowing registered sex offenders to use
social media in some to foreclose access
to social media altogether is to prevent
user from engaging in the legitimate
exercise of First Amendment rights that
was the opinion written by Justice
Kennedy and I think that that is a good
point and I have a lot of problems with
the way with sex offenders and the way
that they're treated by our justice
system and let me finish my thought
before you guys freak out because look I
think that you know to prey on underage
kids is disgusting no one's in favor of
it you know and they should be punished
however there are states that consider
people who urinate in public sex
offenders so there's a very weird broad
definition of what sex offender means
that's right yeah yeah and so I mean so
what do we do do we demonize these
people for the rest of their lives have
them register as sex offenders
you know bar them from using social
media that absolutely does violate their
First Amendment rights look they are
already barred from meeting with or
being anywhere near minors right so if
they do that if they take that extra
step of meeting with minors when they're
not supposed to they're in trouble but
if they're simply on social media I just
I don't see that as necessary like III
don't see that we need to stop them from
using the internet and and completely
like shun them from our normal day to
day activities I'm a little torn as well
because of course with how
many like kids are so active on social
media today it's just it's a playground
that sexual predators can if that is
what we're looking at in this example
with the worst case they can look to
prey on young kids online like sexual
predators have been doing for many years
if they're barred from a playground or
about from a school and they shouldn't
be allowed on an area where they can
prey on them but at the same time I'm
torn because if a sexual predator wants
to go and prey on kids and they're
banned from dinner on social media like
social media if perhaps there there's a
past instance could you not track them
and therefore you could try to find
preventative ways to stop them if
they've gone didn't repeat so if they
are banned from social media will they
find and they want to do it that's not
gonna stop them they're probably gonna
try and find other means to do it and
then that's maybe an I mean I mean that
you can't track maybe they're going and
doing it in person that yeah unless you
want to follow them around every day
which I'd be all for if there was enough
police officers out there but I'm saying
that it is such a complex issue because
I'm trying to think what's the way that
you can prevent something so horrendous
from happening again and as you
mentioned there is people out there that
are classified as sex offenders for just
needing to go pee sometimes in an area
that's classified is that so there may
be gonna have to face the harsh
punishment of not being allowed to be on
social media at any point but I think I
think that it look I think it's a
case-by-case basis if there's someone
who happens to be a pedophile registered
sex offender who is caught utilizing
social media to further victimize or
prey on kids then obviously just use
human judgment that person should not be
allowed to use social media he's using
it as a tool to carry out a crime but in
this case there was no evidence of that
he simply used social media to brag
about how he beat a traffic ticket and
so you know look with every other crime
if you use social media to brag about
the fact that he was peeing on the side
of a building then you might just barely
reach the threshold but but there has to
be a threshold I think we all agree on
that that they're their gradations of
this of sexual offenders and once you
reach a certain threshold than certain
restrictions are it would seem would be
wise to be imposed but if you haven't
reached
threshold and it's example of the guy
pissing on the side of a building I mean
that's just not a guy who you want to
apply the same restrictions to as you do
somebody who's legitimately you know
involved in something with a child you
just watch the video from the young
turks did you know that there's a live
to our show every day and then if you're
a member of the Young Turks you can get
that on-demand anytime you want without
ads plus the postgame just for members
plus aggressive progresses plus old
school plus so many other Network shows
go right now
TYT Network calm slash join
