Bill Cosby's criminal trial in regard to
his alleged sexual assault against a
woman named andrea constand has ended in
a mistrial prosecutors plan on filing
another trial against him however the
jury in this case was quote hopelessly
deadlocked meaning that they could not
come up or agree to a verdict now to
give you some backstory on Bill Cosby
and constand he was accused of sexually
assaulting her back in 2004 she did file
a civil lawsuit against him in 2005 and
they did settle out of court for an
unspecified amount of money now in 2015
after dozens of women came forward and
alleged that he had drugged them and
sexually assaulted them a judge had
agreed to make a deposition that he had
recorded in that 2005 case public and in
that deposition he admitted to using
drugs to you know drug women that he was
interested in having sexual relations
with and in the constand story he
claimed that he had given her benadryl
to relax her and in this case it was
interesting because the prosecution
brought forth experts who indicated that
benadryl has been used in the past by
individuals who want to subdue victims
in order to take advantage of them but
it didn't matter because it did end in a
mistrial the jury could not agree now
according to the Washington Post the
jury said it was hopelessly deadlocked
on Saturday was selected in Pittsburgh
then bused to suburban Philadelphia and
sequestered during eleven days of
testimony and deliberations now it's
likely that Cosby's defense team will
try to block a new trial but legal
experts say they are unlikely to prevail
the retrial is expected to bear many
similarities to the first trial but
there might be key differences that
could affect the outcome now one of the
key differences to keep in mind is the
prosecution now knows the strategy of
the defense so with a retrial they would
be better prepared to kind of
counterbalance or at least mitigate any
type of argument that the defense can
make and so we'll see how that all plays
out Kevin Steele who is the career
prosecutor in this case will have
insights in the trial or the retrial
that he did not have in the first trial
he and his key witnesses have now gotten
a detailed view of the defense team
strategy and its methods of handling
cross-examination I hope they'll cosby
brings back that fake blind guy thing
for the second trial that is a great
great move and i never get tired of it
the old infirm blind man who's used to
be america's favorite doctor Huxtable
being dragged into court by some woman
who has just made this stuff up by the
way as anna says there was a big check
written to her already she has no
economic interest in going through this
her only interest is justice so looking
forward to seeing bill and that same
tired walk that he does where he
pretends he can't see anything I think I
mean he's you know he's going out as one
of the great BS artists of primetime
television history what's incredible is
it's not just constant that has nothing
to gain from this situation right there
were multiple women dozens of women who
came forward where the statute of
limitations has already it's already
passed the statute of limitations
indicating that you know they're not
necessarily gonna get any type of
justice but they came forward to share
their stories because they felt like it
was important to tell the truth about
what happened to them and kind of raise
awareness about what occurred also keep
in mind that that's not an easy thing to
do right I mean they've been demonized
they've been antagonized any sexual
assault victim male or female just gets
dragged through the mud when they come
forward which is why so many victims
never come forward this may have had a
chilling effect in just that way and
that's the future complaints and and and
they it really makes you realize what we
put the victims of sexual assault
through through the justice system a
place you go for justice and by the time
you get to the end of it you're just you
feel maligned yourself yeah and that's
that was kind of the point I was going
to stress on it as well as it's not just
this specific case er for Constance this
is almost for anyone out there who has
potentially being sexually assaulted and
scared of speaking out specifically when
someone is in a position of power I
think I should just have a button where
a penis every time we do a specific case
on sexual or so one of the most
underreported and one of the most under
prosecuted crimes in the United States
especially when the perpetrator is known
and always someone in a position of
power or is a celebrity figure I mean
the way that specifically when it comes
to women this is why I'm talking about
this in example with the way that women
are treated now I get it
in this system today innocent till
proven guilty but that doesn't mean that
it's just they're constantly attacked by
character after kinda like oh there's an
assassination to make sure that it's
almost diligent it's almost just thrown
out the window before you can even hear
that case and it's no surprise why so
many people don't want to come poll
right you feel like they're just gonna
be either laughed off or they're gonna
be ads gold diggers are looking to get
money this woman this instance has
already been paid in the past but she
wants justice because she doesn't want
this to happen again down the line she
doesn't want a case like this to be
passed off whether it's a statute of
limitations well the guy's a celebrity
figure whether he's already got a
reputation they would never do that and
also I think at this point I mean there
are prosecutors involved that want to
press charges it doesn't even really
necessarily matter what she wants they
see that this that there was potentially
criminal activity or criminal behavior
here and the prosecutors want to do
something about it they want justice
which you know I know that in the past
you know we've done a lot of stories of
prosecutors maybe doing things
unethically or doing things for the
wrong intentions but at least in this
case it seems as though the prosecutor
Kevin Steele does want to do the right
thing and look it was a mistrial
he it's not like he was found to be
innocent and it's a double jeopardy or
whatever it's that's what it's called
right double jeopardy right double
jeopardy were found right accent and
then retried and and you're right to
point that out and you're making me
remember that after the mistrial as Anna
says that's not a victory you know you
weren't there's no not guilty verdict
coming and it yet they're proclaiming
this victory the fact that it was a
mistrial
clearly indicates that my client has
been wrongly accused and you know now in
the as you see we get into the court of
public opinion they're trying to create
their own case it's look there so that
this guy has got blood all over him and
and his disgusting despicable man and it
it's a sad comment I think that this
jury was hung and if you look at the
demographics you look at black and white
and rich and poor and you look at this
jury you begin to maybe start to decode
how this happened I mean I think it's
these people who want to retain their
vision of sweet dr. Huxtable
I mean it's insanity but those are the
people who don't want to let go of a not
guilty verdict Young Turks membership
creates independent media believe me no
ads believe me all the shows believe me
on demand believe me support independent
media believe me it's awesome
tremendous you'll love it believe me and
by the end you'll be thinking you know
I'm like a smart person TYT Network comm
/join
