in monday's full cabinet meeting hosted
by President Donald Trump after
everybody at the table was done going
around lavishing the president with
praise Donald Trump made an announcement
that doesn't quite make much sense
Donald Trump told the assembled cabinet
members and all the members of the press
that were there that he has accomplished
more during this point in his presidency
than anyone else except for F the FDR
with a few exceptions Donald Trump says
well okay let's look at who those few
exceptions are there's Bill Clinton
there's Ronald Reagan there's Harry
Truman there's Jimmy Carter there's
Nixon
there's Obama there's W Bush there's
literally everyone before you who have
done more than you Donald Trump and
that's of course with a caveat Donald
Trump is on pace to sign more executive
orders that's for sure he's done more
congressional review acts than some of
them that's true
but here's the thing he's not passing
new legislation all he is doing is
getting rid of what President Obama did
he passed that the executive order the
Muslim ban that also yesterday right
after this meeting got struck down by
the 9th Circuit Court
none of his travel bans in any court
that they had gone up against have
survived so to say that you've done more
than anyone since FDR not only is it
categorically false because we can look
things up but it's also metaphorically
false because really you've done nothing
all you've done is undo things see
there's a difference there it's not like
if I were to come into this studio one
day tear all the televisions off the
wall and say wow I accomplished a lot
today
no I destroyed a lot and that's what
you're doing Donald Trump but that
doesn't matter does it
you don't care about actually
accomplishing anything and to be honest
the American people don't want you to
accomplish anything because all the
things you've said you want to
accomplish our
really friggin horrible so you can sit
there you can brag all you want but we
also know that deep down you're very
angry and bitter person stories emerge
late last week about the fact that you
can't control your temper because you're
so pissed off about this Russia
investigation and that's why even today
we're still hearing stories from friends
of yours that say you might be firing
Bob Muller the independent special
counsel investigating you which by the
way if you do that is a pretty good
indication that you are in fact guilty
and you're not fooling anyone with it
but go ahead get braggadocious tell us
how great you are because none of us are
buying it anymore
you can sit there and you can fool
everyone at that table you can even fool
the folks at FoxNews they're pretty easy
to fool but you're done fooling the
American public we know who you are we
know what you are and we know that as a
whole most of us really can't stand you
