one of the biggest concerns I think when
Jeff Sessions was being considered as
the next Attorney General is that based
on his history it seemed pretty obvious
that this guy does not give a damn about
civil rights and if he's the man that is
supposed to be keeping the states in
check and making sure that people's
civil rights aren't routinely being
violated that people don't have any
faith in him to do that and
unfortunately it looks like those fears
were completely accurate because the
Department of Justice is already in
addition to other federal departments
which we're going to break down is
changing policies that make it more and
more likely that states are going to get
away with violating people's civil
rights top officials in the DOJ Civil
Rights Division have issued verbal
instructions through the ranks to seek
settlements without consent decrees
which would result in no continuing
court oversight person with knowledge of
the instructions said attorneys should
default to using settlements without
court oversight unless there's an
unavoidable reason for a consent decree
there's no written policy guidance is
purely verbal so what are those consent
decrees that were referenced that in
both of those graphics consent decrees
spell out specific steps that must be
taken to remedy the harm that is the
core of these cases these are agreed to
by both parties and signed off on by a
judge when the parties can appear before
again if the terms are not being met
which basically just means that you know
actually bringing it to the concern of
the federal government it won't simply
then just disappear from their radar
afterward that theoretically a path
forward will be set up an idea of what
will be a correction of the harms that
you can check back see if that has
actually happened and if people aren't
following through on that there is a
judge in charge that you can go back to
it is like putting a department that has
violated civil rights like a police
department or a state or a election
board in a state is exactly the same
essentially as putting them on parole
yeah and making them go before a parole
officer where you have to pee in a cup
show that you're not doing coke
and show that you haven't violated the
terms of your probation that you haven't
gone back to your criminal ways yeah
I got it sometimes for well-meaning
departments especially departments that
do SEO police departments in specific
that do a authentic job of getting rid
of the people who cause the problem then
the new people come in and they think
hey why are we I don't need this burden
I took it out a teacher's that's
literally why I'm here and why I'm sure
we will get to this shortly in the story
but just in case we don't like there are
so many ways to perhaps alleviate some
of the burdens on some consent decrees
like on school boards for example and
not do away with the consent decrees and
one of them is to show that over the
course of three years you don't do
anything that that tells them that
you're not following the consent decree
I'm sure I'm not even I just got here
right I don't know about consent decrees
I'm not a lawyer either two years like
there's a there's a it's a lot of ways
to do this well roll up and throw in
consent decrees yeah but your proposed
changes would not be as effective as at
allowing these police departments just
to do not only board to do whatever the
hell they do whatever you want and think
I special I mean that this is gonna
affect people's lives in any number of
different places we were talking about
you know police abuses of various sorts
again it could influence behavior and
conduct in schools as well but let's
focus on one area so we have a bit of a
problem you might not have heard of it
of voter suppression and
disenfranchisement across the country
we're especially poor people especially
racial minorities students as well will
often have legal changes in places like
Texas and North Carolina and any number
of other states we're talking about the
majority of states at this point that
make it harder to vote in a hundred
different ways so what do you do about
that I mean the Voting Rights Act has
been shredded unfortunately there was a
chance that we could patch it back up
but now Donald Trump chose the new
Supreme Court judge that's probably not
going to happen to us
so instead on a case by case basis at
least you could go to the DOJ and have
them step in and try to right those
wrongs but now I mean they've now given
carte blanche of these states to
effectively do whatever the hell they
want and that means that people will
lose the
to vote amongst many other extremely
right that theoretical decision I want
relitigate this stuff but it wasn't a
theoretical decision you made this guy
the most powerful person in the world
Jeff session right well he's this what
the debris Attorney General United
States Mary parent where leaves it is
Donald Trump's lawyer but what actually
what his job is but he says oh the
United States of America exactly Mike
Huckabee uh so you take uh you made this
guy the the you made Trump the most
powerful person in the world so is his
Attorney General is I don't know where
do you think that ranks eighth most
powerful person in the world like it I'm
nineteen be higher right right Amin its
top twenty might get top six right you
know will do power ranking after the
show um this guy didn't care this guy
look at you know it is is it is too
harsh to call him a racist uh but it is
at you know it might by the way not my I
mean it's it is to if it no I don't know
that it's too harsh it is too simplistic
and you lose people okay
here's a glow you said something exactly
right the way this is a guy who is
indifferent or hostile to civil rights
best-case scenario does not care right
that is the best-case scenario doesn't
care but this is hostility toward civil
rights and how the idea that the
Department of Justice wouldn't bend over
backwards and do everything it possibly
could to ensure that every single
American had the right to vote is beyond
me and the note and this is not a states
rights issue there's a federal issue
these are federal election you want to
change the real and make it harder
register uh for the state to vote in
state legislative races or for governor
or for your Secretary of State or
Attorney General or dog catcher or City
Council I would argue against that too
but I could take a step up because I
wouldn't have uh but you just be
complicating yourself by having two sets
of rules but there should be one set of
rules yet because your congressman from
Texas affects my life yeah my daughter's
life in John's life and whatever gamer
he ends up spending his life with right
here's crow agreed uh yes and uh so we
we have more details but again
in this particular and the reason I'm
focusing on the voting rights is that
theoretically the idea is oh shit this
is horrible let's change this let's win
some elections Braz some congressional
election senatorial elections
hey there's all these special elections
happening well when people's rights are
violated they're going to be appealing
to Jeff Sessions and that is going to
affect every election going forward
thanks to this new unwritten rule but by
the way it's not just limited to the
Department of Justice this philosophy
has infested multiple federal
departments the Department of Education
has laid out plans to loosen
requirements on investigations into
civil rights complaints according to an
internal memo sent to staff on June 8th
obtained by ProPublica Education
Secretary Betsy DeVos is also proposed
cutting over 40 positions from the Civil
Rights office so so when all those
questions from the senators about
whether she would actually investigate
these sorts of complaints we weren't
sure but now we are she's not only get
telling them not to look into it but
she's making sure there's almost no one
left to look into it theoretically we
know everything none of this is news of
course this was what about this and it's
a 2018 fiscal plan the Labor Department
is proposed dissolving the office that
handles discrimination complaints just
get rid of the entire thing so if your
if your workplace if your boss is uh is
violating your rights again in number
different ways let's say is a goddamn
racist and he's treating you that way
you might have no one to appeal to I
guess you could try to go directly to
Attorney General Jeff Sessions I'm not
sure that's going to work for you but by
the way also similar new leadership of
the EPA has proposed entirely
eliminating the environmental justice
program so if the program got removed
they're made factly careful ah yes so
the programs that remain will be defamed
and told not to investigate these things
and that's the few that will remain
because the others are being shut down
whether in the DOJ Department of
Education Department of Labor the EPA up
and down and in our federal government
when it comes to environmental justice
racial justice gender issues all of that
gotta find someone else complain to the
federal government oh give it him
anymore my dad hated the use of the word
gender like it used to be sex used to
say sex
and I can't say so we can but in
retention set contextually used to be
able to figure that out okay yeah uh but
so he hated the word gender hate the day
that it would be please we got gender
you mean sex don't worry the
department's been eliminated couple
things but can you guys get graphic
fourteen is the first graphic in the
story ready but first this quote from
just so you know it's not John me uh
Vanita Gupta was a former acting head of
the DOJ Civil Rights Division under
President Obama
she said regarding the the elimination
of consent decrees under the Trump
administration at best this
administration believes civil rights
enforcement is superfluous and can be
easily cut at worst it's really part of
a systematic agenda to rollback civil
rights there's no question that's what
it is they don't care about civil rights
at best at worst they're deliberately
hostile civil rights I think it's pretty
clear that it's at worst and then get
that graphic ready cuz the only thing
you need to know is the last couple of
words of that first graphic uh that
starts there with top officials in the
DOJ Civil Rights Division issued the
verbal instructions through the ranks
seek settlements without consent degrees
all you have to do is pay attention to
whatever that is seven words which would
result in no continuing court oversight
so as the goal do whatever that's the
goal that's all they wanted to do to
make sure that nobody is looking over
their shoulder because it's burdensome
and they don't like to to the earlier
point that we were making that like this
Boston College American politics
professor our ship Melnick said the new
approach could take some regulatory
pressure off schools and districts I'm a
little more sympathetic about schools
and districts than I am about police
departments and uh voting and voting
boards right those I those need to be
watched like hawks right but uh so
there's a situation because he says the
new approach to the Education Department
long require some rights investigators
to paint three years of complaint data
uh from a specific school or district to
assess compliance ease tabs such a given
three years of a clean that's where I
was talking about okay to like will make
it easier
eighteen months can with there's there's
been started that we could come to where
you think okay they've done it for two
years maybe they're going ahead and
comply uh the notion that we just say no
continue to violate civil rights we
don't care we don't
here we've said don't but there's no but
we're not going to put any teeth into
this at all uh-uh
souls are just keep in mind no
continuing court oversight that means
there's no oversight and they can do
whatever they want and that was their
goal that was their goal all this stuff
let businesses let election boards let
Police Department we aren't interested
in being involved that is who you
elected that was clear in January of
2016 it was clear when he got nominated
over the summer it was clear on November
8 membership helps fund the Young Turks
you know one great thing about that that
means we're not accountable to anyone
but you guys that's why we're strong
together because we built the show
around you come build it even bigger and
better at TYT Network dot-com slash join
