we all remember this millionaire who
told us that Millennials could afford a
house if only we've stopped buying
avocado toast when I was trying to buy
my first time I wasn't buying smashed
avocados for 19 bucks well as it turns
out another millionaire Marcus lemonis
wants to put in his two cents on how
Millennials should act because
apparently we haven't gotten it through
our lazy and titled heads that if you
spend all your money on unicorn
frappuccinos you won't be able to spend
on things like I don't know brunch
because it seems like these people who
haven't actually experienced life as a
millennial in this economy really think
that's what's going on through our
narcissistic brains but unfortunately
for Marquez this selfie generation
Constituent okay well that one might be
a little true regardless this millennial
is about to tell him where he can shove
his advice for Gen Y our region he seems
to be quite familiar with since he's
talking out of it in his video for CNBC
the Prophet host and Camping World CEO
didn't waste any time spooning his
actually inaccurate and blatantly
ignorant BS I know that you're
historically used to being summer break
but summer summer break is over huh well
I know historically we are the most
educated generation 34% of us with a
bachelor's master's professional or
doctoral diploma but I guess the fact
that I've actually been on this
so-called summer break for the past few
years after college you know while I'm
trying to get a job before food and
shelter must have gone right over that
same head I was you know trying to put a
roof over
not to mention Marcus we did kind of
invent that whole adulting thing which
you know is kind of the antithesis of
summer break but nonetheless what do we
do now that break is over
get a job and don't rely on staying at
home oh yeah that makes a ton of sense
Marcus I actively wanted to move in back
with my parents at 22 because I was like
hey meat loaf and curfews sound bomb
calm it wasn't because I had you know
crippling student loan debt which for
the class of 2016 averaged a whopping
$37,000 or that the average salary for
22 24 year olds is $27,000 a year while
the average cost of living is $28,000 a
year yeah definitely had nothing to do
with that although for the record my
mom's meatloaf is actually there's also
while we're on the topic
of Records our generation is
contributing to a record high number of
young people living with their parents
but 81% of them are either working or in
school so your whole lazy insinuation
there it just doesn't add up with the
numbers but back to you Marcus take any
job you can just to get in the momentum
of having a calendar and schedule and
getting up on Monday morning and
finishing on Friday night that is so
cute Marcus thinks things start on
Monday morning and finish on Friday
night now unfortunately I don't know a
single millennial who isn't hustling
every day of the week not to mention
their side hustle and their side side
hustle but let's humor him for a second
here if you were going to take any job
you can get it's most likely going to be
a fast-food or retail job it I don't
know
camping world's these sorts of jobs pay
minimum wage and as those of us who have
worked in these industries no definitely
don't have regular schedules managers
dictate your hours and they're
notoriously irregular plus as I
mentioned before that minimum wage ain't
gonna get you anywhere with the
exorbitant living costs that plagued our
nation but he provides us some solace
and if you have to work for me for a
while making 12 bucks an hour it's
better than you sitting at home making 0
now I can't tell if that's an
advertisement to work at Camping World
or if he is oblivious to the fact that
if you're settling for any job you can
get that means you could be earning the
federal minimum wage which is $7.25 an
hour almost 42 percent less than his
proposed 12 bucks an hour and while yes
any wage is of course better than
sitting at home making 0 that's still
not gonna pay the bills
Marcus missed the mark here as so many
do when trying to advise Millennials on
how to make it in the real world and
that's because our world is very
different than the world that they grew
up in we have massive student loan debt
a more competitive job market increased
living cost but stagnant wages it's hard
out here for a gen wire and you're
rather condescending words of wisdom
aren't really just plain dumb almost as
dumb as hating on avocado toast cuz that
it's delicious thanks for watching T YT
don't forget to follow this millennial
at Hannah Cranston
you
