this morning Virginia was the site of an
apparently politically motivated mass
shooting the shooter targeted a group of
Republican lawmakers staffers lobbyists
and others who were practicing for a
charity baseball game this was in that
near the Eugene Simpson Stadium park in
Alexandria police received a call
reporting shooting at around 7 o 9:00
a.m. and arrived just three minutes
later representative mo Brooks who was
on the scene said that he heard about 50
shots and as you'll you'll hear later on
initially sporadic shooting and then it
eventually became very clear that this
was an attack on the people playing
baseball there the assailant was shot by
Capitol Police in a gunfight taken to a
hospital died of his injuries later on
in the morning now multiple people have
been shot but a House Majority Whip
Steve Scalise was in what seemed like
the worst condition initially was taken
to the hospital underwent surgery and
remains in critical condition there have
been sort of sporadic reports about the
condition of the others who were shot at
the site and it seems like they're doing
a relatively better condition at this
point you know this is as of when we're
broadcasting live we don't know when
this goes up on YouTube what the state
might be but as I said four others were
shot including Zachary Barth a
congressional staffer Matt mica a
lobbyist and special agent David Bailey
and special agent Krystal Greiner two
members of the Capitol police were
attacked at that point now Rand Paul was
one of the lawmakers that was on the
scene there and he has described what it
was like and we're going to show you
some of that video now the first shot
was sort of an isolated shot you know I
grew up in the south and I just thought
someone at discharged a shotgun which
isn't that unusual in the south but then
I thought well we are in the city we're
not in the country here but then after
the first shot then it was a rapid
succession of shots you know five or ten
shots in the field I see representative
Scalise is shot but moving and he's
trying to drag himself through the dirt
out into the outfield there are two
staffers in right field only about ten
feet for me but there's about a 20 foot
fence separating me from them and
they were laying down but then I'm
seeing the shots hitting the dirt around
them and they're trying to make a
difficult decision do we lay here stay
low and hope he doesn't hit us and this
is the difficult decision or does the
shooter just advance and come closer and
shoot you and so you have to make a
decision at some point whether to stay
or run but it takes a few minutes to
determine you're not sure where they're
coming from I mean I really my instinct
was they were coming from the third-base
line and as more shots were fired we
were pretty sure that was but you kind
of not sure which side of the tree to
stand on because you're not sure where
the shots are coming from so we'll have
a little bit more from Rand Paul a
little bit later but obviously when
you're hearing him give that account I
mean it sounds absolutely horrific you
don't expect to hear that sort of story
at all let alone involving senators you
expect well they've got to be protected
at all times there's got to be tons of
bodyguards and everything and everything
but while it's certainly tragic it's not
unknown it's not particularly rare in
the United States and today also there's
a shooting in San Francisco at a UPS
Center three killed before the shooter
killed himself
and I'm sure that their experience there
was very similar to what Rand Paul was
recounting in that video and you know
there will be anywhere from two to nine
shootings of that sort in the United
States today and tomorrow and the next
day that's the world that we've
constructed for ourselves that we've
allowed to develop it's particularly
salient perhaps when it happens to
politicians but it's just as real every
other day yeah look I I these are always
incredibly difficult stories to report
on and I know that later on we're gonna
get into you know the political
ramifications of all this and and how
it's become politicized already uh but
just focusing specifically on the
shooting and just how horrific it was
you're right I mean this has become too
commonplace oftentimes a lot of these
shooter shootings don't even get any
media attention because they happen so
often and it if we focused on mass
shootings or shootings in general that's
the entire show right and so it becomes
incredibly frustrating because it
happens over and over again after Sandy
Hook happened you know there was
somewhat of an Assam
that there would be some action taken
something and there was no no real
change you know and and it'll continue
happening and so it's frustrating
because everyone immediately goes to
their corners everyone immediately
starts blaming each other everyone
immediately like stops taking
responsibility and look one of the
things that comes up with with some of
these shootings is the issue of rhetoric
and I think rhetoric is important I I
don't care if it's Democrats on care
it's Republicans I think the way that we
talk about individuals especially our
opponent matters and um with that said I
think that we've moved so far away from
being civilized right and and we just
demonize each other and antagonize each
other over and over again we do it in
like the cruelest ways and you know it's
just it's not good we've created a toxic
environment on top of a lack of gun
regulation on top of all the other
issues or factors that play a role in
these types of shootings that's my take
on it yeah I think that yeah I mean mass
shootings obviously are a huge
phenomenon that that is really specific
to America and I think it has a lot to
do with the fact that we're an empire we
carry out you know imperial killings
mass killings all around the world
civilians are dying everywhere Trump is
ramping that up but this seems to be
different and more specific almost like
the Chris Dorner thing where he was
targeting cops this guy seemed to have a
very specific motive and agenda
especially since he asked the guy are
those Republicans or Democrats and you
know I think yes all the stuff is flying
out you know he was a Bernie supporter
I'm just like in the wake of the
Portland guy people are just jumping to
their corners but it is interesting that
you know a he did target Republicans and
B I mean we are living in a country
where there's this kind of xenophobic
conspiracy that's painting Trump as
treasonous alongside the entirety of the
GOP and and some people could take that
very seriously and act out I almost feel
like it's the reverse of the pizza gate
gun man where you know this guy rhetoric
does matter where this guy came to the
pizza shop and and could have killed
people and this guy almost could have
taken the Russia gate conspiracy theory
to a whole new level where he felt like
he needed to take action in his own
hands it's yeah completely horribly
disagree
fume on it being a conspiracy theory I
think that there's actual evidence in
involving Russia and its involvement in
our election and the pizza gate thing
was absolute nonsense right the Seth
Rich thing and I know some of you who
are you know overzealous about that
issue get mad but I don't care there's
no evidence the seth rich sorry either
right and so yeah they're conspiracy
theories flying around and there's a big
problem with that but i see you know
russia as being completely different
from pizza gained and from seth rich
that's just my take on it I mean I know
some people disagree but I mean how many
people involved in those investigations
have have shown that there was
involvement by Russia you know what I
mean it's not like it's not like Oh a
bunch of Democrats are just making it up
and it's just a conspiracy by Democrats
know there are enough Democrats and
Republicans elected officials members of
intelligence communities saying no no
Russia is a problem and so drawing or
shining a light on that is is not the
same as inciting violence encouraging
people to go out and take action against
elected officials violent action against
them I think we're getting off of track
here I think it's interesting that you
brought up Rand Paul because he you know
I think last year tweeted the Second
Amendment is important specifically for
when people want to target the
government when it becomes tyrannical
and I think that you know it's just
interesting that he was there on the
space ball field recounting the horror
of what happens when someone comes in
and conduct these mass shootings it's
just an interesting kind of
contradiction yeah I would argue that's
the sort of rhetoric that we shouldn't
see in no way saying that he deserves to
be there or anything like that I would
probably I would change that sort of
rhetoric in the future I think that
they're people who are enthusiasts for
the early years of America who loves to
throw around terms like watering the
tree of liberty and everything I think
that is very dangerous rhetoric too even
though it sounds old-timey people take
it very seriously but yeah and I know I
mentioned to you before the show someone
was spreading a fake image of the
shooter walking around with a sign with
that tweet on it it's not actually true
which doesn't stop it from being
retweeted thousands of times oh god it's
not actually true you are right though
that it this does stand out because
generally Republicans are not targeted
in the same way
as Anna said you know not much has
changed in terms of access to guns and
all that we've no idea if this guy
theoretically could have been influenced
by much of that the only thing really
that has changed since Sandy Hook is
that you know 10 to 20 million more guns
have been sold and likely today and
tomorrow far more guns will be sold we
find that in every mass shooting there
is one thing that I do want to get to
though that theoretically could have
helped in this particular case first I
want to read this tweet because while
Republicans in this case were targeted
by the shooter it appears mo Connor
reports that representative Nanette Diaz
beragon tells me that multiple
Democratic members of the House have
already gotten calls in the wake of the
shooting saying you guys are next and
linked to a screen shot of a number of
tweets saying those sorts of things
being sent to Democratic lawmakers I'm
sure Republicans as well or if we could
bring up this next list here you're
going to see a little bit of the
information about the criminal
background of the shooter and there's
some information I generally don't like
to spread the name of the person who
sorts of events but it's there do it the
way you will but this guy did have a
history of arrests not all of them
involving violence directly but some of
them and one back in 2006 assaulted his
girlfriend was found with multiple
weapons including a gun at that point
and at this point thankfully many people
including Naomi from TYT have reported
that if you go back and look at domestic
terrorists and mass shooters there's a
very high correlation with acts of
domestic violence against their their
partners and so theoretically if we took
that a little bit more seriously if we
consider that as a possible place where
a little bit more gun control could
happen and there have been attempts in
some states like Connecticut recently
had something like that theoretically
with some more investigation and perhaps
a bit more gun control in the wake of
death threats against uh domestic
partners we might avoid a few mass
shootings would also avoid a lot fewer
killed women I think in this country
because this is not that is not even as
rare as mass shootings I just feel like
there isn't going to be a solution to
this yeah even though members of
Congress have been attacked even though
it's actually affecting them negatively
I don't think that there's going to be
much of a change and that's the
frustrating part that this is for me
repetition over and over again these
dead
stating stories and for me it doesn't
matter you know the victims political
ideology it doesn't matter what they
voted on or what their record is or who
they've supported none of that matters
at the end of the day we're all people
right and so no one should have to live
in fear no one should have to worry
about possibly being the next victim I
mean if I was a member of Congress right
now considering you know how polarized
the country is how toxic the environment
is how crazy people have become I would
be terrified I would want no part of it
and so I just it's it's frustrating
again and I don't see a solution to this
to that point I mean was it Steve Kings
opponent he's running against him uh
wasn't Steve King I believe it was Steve
King and she just a couple of weeks ago
dropped out saying I've received amongst
other reasons I've received many death
threats and I just don't want to expose
myself to that threat and I even said
that I I mean I totally understand why
you'd feel terrorized and I'm sure
especially because it's the supporters
of Steve King they must be incredibly
vicious and violent in many cases
especially online I don't think there's
a woman in this country that has existed
in social media online for a number of
years and hasn't gotten death and rape
threats
um but yeah it's just becoming it's
becoming more common and now in
hindsight it looks like her move might
have been very wise but yeah look we I
don't think there will be any
legislative solution because the
companies that pay these lawmakers are
going to continue to have a profit
motive to sell more guns they benefit
financially when mass shootings happen
and we can moderate our rhetoric but
we're a country of 330 million people a
country of more than 300 million guns
there will always be people ready to
commit acts of political violence unless
we do everything we can
beyond just rhetoric to try to stop it
one of the congressmen that I think was
that the scene many of them was talking
about the experience and one of them
said this what we do in America if
someone punches us we punch back that's
just what we've been taught since we
were one-year-old
you punched back you punched back if
they punch you you punch it with two
hands you blow their head open that's
just the way we are so if we're afraid
or for angry this is what we do we
attack now what they also said his point
was we're still gonna have this baseball
game tomorrow which is fine right this
is where the change will be to your
point Nana
this is a numbered group of people
powerful people they can change the
security protocol they can change them
of security that's run what saved their
lives don't know if we're going to get
to this with Rand Paul's statement about
it what saved from a massacre was that
there was Capitol police people there
and the only reason those two Capitol
Police were there was because Scalise
who happened be the one in operation
that was shot he's in leadership and so
that's reason they they if not for him
even being on the team that have been a
lot worse
they speculate so that that could be the
change that would happen all know how
logistically how it happened but
suddenly every Congress person could
have some kind of security protocol Rand
Paul said I go to gas stations and
grocery stores now they're worried about
it yeah perfectly I understand that but
now that's this the Sandy Hook kids were
they gonna do they're going to start
giving security to everyone in the
country that has to deal with a mass
shooting we don't know when it's gonna
happen next
these guys are named people yeah they're
going to protect them what do you get
for Young Turks membership it's a
mystery only one way to find out
TYT Network comm /join
