I've been worried for months now since
probably the inauguration that while I
am scared at a lot of the potential
changes the Donald Trump is talking
about the health care plan is gonna be
absolutely devastating is gonna kill
tens of thousands of people every single
year
I've been worried that when inevitably
because of the world we live in
the first big domestic act of terrorism
happens that that might be the time when
not necessarily Trump but his circle
leaps into action and uses that in the
same way that 9/11 was used to make
massive changes like the Patriot Act and
things like that
so look this is not that sort of terror
attack necessarily but we saw how he
used the dropping of the Moab in
Afghanistan the bombing of the airfield
in Syria to get a little bit of good
press coverage so I was worried about
that but Donald Trump did speak earlier
today we're gonna play some of his
remarks in an analyze our brave Capitol
Police perform a challenging job with
incredible skill and their sacrifice
makes democracy possible we also commend
the brave first responders from
Alexandria Police Fire and Rescue who
rushed to the scene everyone on that
field is a public servant our courageous
police our congressional aides who work
so tirelessly behind the scenes with
enormous devotion and our dedicated
members of Congress who represent our
people we may have our differences but
we do well in times like these to
remember that everyone who serves in our
nation's capitol is here because above
all they love our country I'm not good
with a teleprompter either but it's a
very serious event he has to read off
the teleprompter fine I'm not a
Republican attacking Obama or anything
like that yes and I would have to say
this is this is just his initial
statements god only knows what will
happen in the next 24 hours but it
doesn't appear that like I didn't get a
house of cards vibe off of that it
doesn't seem like they're going to
attempt to use this but god only knows
it will happen in next
I'm actually pretty shocked and also
happy with the way Trump has handled it
so far I mean I I'm probably speaking
too soon and by the time this video gets
uploaded onto YouTube I'm gonna you know
wish I haven't said this will be
invading guitar right but I I'm glad
that look there are a lot of people
online that are politicizing this
immediately right and trying to use it
for their own agenda but I'm glad that
we're at least not seeing that from from
Trump and his administration yes yeah
it's really the only thing that he can
say is talk about gun control right and
the Bernese stuff and hillary stuff and
of course they're not going to touch gun
control yeah I think will tweets me at
four in the morning but no it was
interesting right before we went to the
clip you said you know the good press
covered from dropping the Moab and the
Syria bombing I mean how disturbing is
that jacket bipartisan good press you
think that wedeck terminology and it's
sick yeah it's absolutely sick and you
know where was Trump on you know when
the Portland shooter massacred those
people is just I'm really hob viously
has to say something about this it's
it's a horrific event that took place in
the nation's capital against congressman
but I just wish that he could extend the
same city to other horrific events like
this do you speak out and the victims of
Dylan roof shooting yeah I don't know no
I don't I don't remember any public
statements from him and and it's it's
easy to predict which ones he's gonna
comment on if a couple of demographic
bits of info and by the way I could be
completely wrong and he might have maybe
said something that I missed but it's
it's just it's interesting the types of
shootings and you know especially when
you consider the shooter and the motive
what certain people will speak out
against and then of course refuse to
speak out against or call it terrorism
clearly you have a lot of people are
like oh we can't call it terrorism yet
it's like wolf the guy was Muslim I'm
sure that would be the first thing out
of your mouths but of course that's just
a tired yeah true what do you get for
young turks membership it's a mystery
only one way to find out t uit network
calm /join
