the Trump administration has put a new
notch in their belt of assaults against
the environment this time removing a
rule that protected endangered whales
and sea turtles now the rule was
intended to limit the numbers of
endangered whales and sea turtles
getting caught in fishing nets off the
west coast now they are claiming that
the existing protections are already
working so these new rules aren't
necessary and in fact a spokesman with
the federal Fisheries Service who
actually worked to kill this rule says
that economically the new rule would
have had a much more substantial impact
on the fleet than we originally realized
he also said that the bottom line is
this as a fishery that's worked hard to
reduce its impact he missed that whole
part about the bottom line is profit but
I think that's sort of what he meant
there now this rule would have applied
to endangered fin humpback and sperm
whales short-finned pilot whales and
common bottlenose dolphins as well as
endangered leatherback sea turtles
loggerhead sea turtles Olive Ridley sea
turtles and green sea turtles now for
humpbacks there's some I guess species
that are only 411 of them left so
removing one in one of these sorts of
nets would have a huge impact on the
population and so this is going to have
really lasting effects and the rule that
was they were trying to implement
originally would have actually affected
fewer than 20 fishing vessels okay and
these are fishing vessels that use drift
gill net fishing as a way to catch
swordfish which as we know are basically
these sorts of walls of net that the
animals can't see they're invisible to
the animals and so they get caught in it
and when they try to back up it catches
their gills and sort of like kills them
that's very like suffocating manner and
so it's really this indiscriminate
fishing practice that can catch all
these other endangered species and it
wouldn't doesn't seem like it would have
had a huge economic a setback for these
you know the fishermen which I you know
I want to make sure that all people have
you know economic stability but it seems
like it's going to have a really big
impact on the animal population so
is really unfortunate yeah I think the
when I read the description of the
mile-long Nets I think the world is a
complex place and even if you're a smart
person who pays attention and tries to
learn even once you're out of school you
just you try to learn more about the
world will know anything about anything
generally uh but this is an area where I
think the idea even smart people have
about how that like this this fishing
vessel or any way that food is produced
especially animal food like the idea
that they have is so far off the reality
if you asked like ok a commercial
fisheries trying to catch a swordfish
what do you picture picture some dude
with a pole basically because that's the
experience we have a mile-long net ah I
didn't know that that was possible that
is that long wait see a mile you know a
long a mile is imagine being a fish
trying to avoid that and so like if you
just say like oh there's there put all
these regulations on fishermen they
can't do that anymore a lot of Americans
would be like yeah let that guy fish but
if they're trying to shut down a little
bit of these mile-long nets that I think
is a very different idea and I think
that people need to know more about the
way that we produce food it's a good
idea that I mean it's good that you
brought up that visualization because I
read a mile long and I just and looked
right past it but you can't avoid a mile
long if you're a whale or a turtle which
is much smaller I think this goes to
serve or they get you even if they tried
to avoid it I mean it just says certain
animals are alerted by the pinging
sounds but that yeah thank all of you
some of them just to give you guys a
little bit more background context on
that so these these basically walls of
net they have weights at the bottom that
also have these sorts of pinging that
Kim was mentioning that supposedly alert
some of the animals but obviously since
they were trying to implement this new
world didn't work all of the time and so
a lot of endangered species were getting
caught up in it and just to John's point
really quick is when you're talking
about all the animal the fish that are
getting caught in it for this mile like
these are swordfish fishermen right and
so if there's other fish and other
animals that are caught in it what do
they do they just throw it back in the
ocean and so all of these did like
dynamos
just sort of throw back in the ocean
like I'm all for like people eating as
well but at the same time like yeah
you're just this is huge waste
it's very short-sighted for short-term
gains for a long-term destruction it's
it's pretty emblematic I think yeah yeah
I think also one other point I think
most people have heard of the idea of
overfishing they know that that some
vague threat that at some point could
could affect the world uh
but again I think that if they knew like
not all Nets are a mile long obviously
the way the fishing is done commercial
fishing uh it is mechanized and
automatic in a way that I don't think
most people realize they don't
understand what needs to be done to stop
overfishing
yeah I think you make a really good
point there because I think when it
comes to like talking about overfishing
people like okay that'll be like one
less item on like the sushi menu but
they don't realize that they're killing
off all these species exactly I know and
they're mean it's gonna affect so many
different communities that rely on the
fish plus I love whales so I don't want
them to be hurt that's it membership
helps fund the Young Turks you know one
great thing about that that means we're
not accountable to anyone but you guys
that's why we're strong together because
we built the show around you come build
it even bigger and better at TYT Network
dot-com slash join
