earlier this morning favorite first
thought of the United States and one
time possible romantic interest of her
father Ivanka Trump went on old people
TV aka Fox & Friends and claimed that
her father was being vilified there's a
level of viciousness that I was not
expecting how are you not expecting this
Ivanka this is exactly the same vicious
environment your dad's thrived in nay
created when you question whether Obama
was a natural-born citizen which got
wall-to-wall coverage on Fox News even
though it was inherently a racist
question based around a lie that
wouldn't be asked of anyone else if you
are going to be the president the United
States you have to be born in this
country and there is a doubt as to
whether or not here or what about all
the times the Trump incited violence at
his rallies so if you see somebody
getting ready to throw a tomato knock
the crap out of them would you seriously
I promise you I will pay for the legal
fees I promise or when he mocked a
reporter for his disability I don't know
what I said I don't remember we're all
the nice things he had to say about
women grab him by the pussy you could
see there was blood coming out of her
eyes blood coming out of her whatever or
Mexican they're bringing drugs they're
bringing crime they're rapists and some
I assume are good people or the family
of a fallen soldier just because they
were Muslim he was very emotional if you
look at his wife she was standing there
she had nothing to say maybe she wasn't
allowed to have anything to say you tell
me hmm
Ivanka you're you're right I'm
blindsided by this as well I wonder
where all this animosity is coming from
is like if Jake Paul came out tomorrow
and said I don't understand why the
entirety of the internet is attacking me
for the shitty rap video I put out if
you don't understand that reference you
should go google that it's everyday bro
it's everyday bro
by the way please share this video with
your friends who are Trump supporters
and encourage them to at me because I do
genuinely want to hear what they have to
say but back to the backlash against
Trump in reality a lot of the backlash
isn't against Trump's disrespectful tone
from his pre presidential days or when
he keeps shouting from the bully pulpit
as the highest representative of the
United States it's usually in
retaliation to the real policies this
administration is pushing real policies
that affect real lives but if you ask a
banca her well written well rehearse
talking points will tell you that she
actually cares about people going
through difficult times if you want to
think about difficult it's the factory
worker who's been laid off difficult is
you know the mother who's lost a child
to opioid abuse okay I'm gonna ignore
the shameless pandering and take you on
your word of honor so please tell me
please explain to me if you care about
the mother who's lost a child to opioid
abuse why does your father's Obamacare
repeal and replacement plan make the
lives of addicts seeking treatment
significantly worse Medicaid is the
single largest source of funding for
mental health and substance abuse
treatment in the United States and
Obamacare dramatically improved
low-income adults access to affordable
care treatment or tell me Ivanka if you
truly cared about the laid-off factory
worker why do you think it's okay for
him or her to lose the right to
affordable insurance coverage because
the trumpets are using this health care
bill that restructures one-sixth of the
US economy as an opportunity to give tax
cuts to the wealthy while simultaneously
lying about pre-existing coverage for
people with pre-existing conditions and
draconian cuts to Medicaid because let's
be honest for a lot of those trumpets
the poor have enjoyed far too much for
far too long in this country how dare
they expect not to be bankrupted by
medical debts also this is your daily
reminder that House Republicans are
fucking assholes and they quietly voted
to rollback dodd-frank regulations while
everyone's attention was focused on the
Comey testimony so now the amount of
bailout capital banks will have to hold
on to so the taxpayers won't be on the
hook when the next financial crisis hits
has been greatly reduced and predatory
lenders will be once again free to
target the poor in the elderly but I
have a message for you Ivanka remember
all those people you were supposed to
stand for
remember how mainstream media thought
you'd be a little angel and daddy
Trump's ear maybe you should stop
whining about your father's poor
treatment and start advocating on behalf
of the people you claim to care so much
about are you
is your powerful position in the White
House to lobby for the less privileged
or are you just going to become another
big GOP crybaby who wins about
everyone's out to get you
while behind the scenes you do literally
everything you possibly can to enrich
people who have more than they need at
the expense of those who are barely
getting by I'm a salon piker
please please share this video with a
Trump supporter because I really want to
hear answers
don't worry to follow me on Instagram
and Sandeep Iker and on Twitter Tucson
the Hun and this has been the breakdown
