uber has been under fire quite a bit
recently when it comes to harassment
bullying and discrimination but today
the company announced that they were
actually they're actually going to be
adopting some cultural changes and maybe
even saying goodbye to their CEO Travis
kalanick now a spokesman confirmed that
the Board met with former attorney
General Eric Holder and Tammy Alber on
both partners with Covington and Burling
which is a law firm that was hired to
investigate complaints of widespread
sexual harassment and other deep-seated
cultural problems at uber now board
members voted unanimously to adopt all
of the firm's recommendations now let's
I just want to take a trip down memory
lane of some of the controversies that
uber has been dealing with back in
February former uber engineer Susan
Fowler wrote on a blog she was a medium
article that she had been propositioned
by her boss and a series of messages on
her first day of work and that superiors
ignored her complaint if you have not
read this media and piece yet you should
go back and read it it is such a great
explanation of how sexual harassment
works in the workplace how awfully some
HR people respond she also talks about
some of the more seemingly innocuous
types of sexism that can happen happen
in the workplace like some of the
rewards were only given to males because
they didn't want to there were only a
few females and they couldn't make
female sizes for them there was all
these crazy crazy things that happened
to burst you should really read this now
as a result of some of the sexual
harassment complaints that they get
because she was not the only one a lot
of people came out following that post
uber announced last week that it fired
20 employees for harassment problems
after a separate investigation by a
different law firm it also fired a
separate executive who obtained medical
records of a woman who accused her boo
driver in India of raping her and then
he shared those medical records with
other executives including Clinic who
believe that the rape victim was making
her story up as a way to discredit uber
in the Indian marketplace
so if that doesn't give you an idea of
what this culture is like I don't know
what will further
CEO clinic has had some issues of
himself I'm sure you remember the viral
video of him yelling at an uber driver
who was complaining about pay and he
basically said like some people just
want to blame their shit on others and
they don't take accountability which was
a lovely moment and some of some other
insights into his personality can be
seen from a 2014 email that he sent out
to employees during a retreat and Miami
it read do not have sex with another
employee unless a you have asked that
person for that privilege and they have
responded with emphatic yes I will have
sex with you
alright consent I'm into that be the two
or more of you who do not do not work in
the same chain of command then he says
yes that means that Travis will be
celibate on this trip hashtag CEO life
hashtag FML there were also other
references to drug use on the trip a
puke charge not throwing kegs off of
buildings so clearly uber has a culture
problem they're working to fix that the
board has approved the changes that the
law firm recommended there's no word
whether or not a clinic will be leaving
he talked about before all of this
happened and he might consider taking a
leave of absence his mother recently
passed so you might want to take a leave
of absence there I think there's some
other reasons that he might consider
taking a leave of absence what do you
guys think about this it's interesting
to me how long has ruber been around
like how many not there not very long
yeah back into 2014 they only have 400
employees and now they have nearly 9,000
workers right so a couple years how do
you already have deep-seated cultural
issues so right so when we talk about
places like Fox News we tend to blame
the issues of sexual harassment on these
kind of cultural norms that are
entrenched in a particular generation of
sexism right but with uber we see that
like sexism is not a generational issue
like it's a cultural problem yeah but we
I mean like whatever they were around
for a few years I mean we can't I think
like you were on Silicon Valley like you
know that that is a huge problem with
these Silicon Valley tech problems like
I it doesn't surprise me that they have
huge cultural issues because a lot of
these
companies do your point is also that auu
in mentioning FoxNews you're saying hey
those old guys that's kind of the way
they used to do business in the 50s and
60s remember no I'm saying that we
cannot blame uh the issues of sexual
harassment on these this generational
yeah Trent no I guess that through and
through across right it's thrown through
they've been around for five years yeah
I got issues with sexism right so will
we talk about sexual harassment in the
workplace let's put the blame on sexism
and misogyny not on generational norms
or certain you know certain issue that
we try to shift the blame I think I
think the problem is as I agree with you
it is completely through and through but
I think the problem is is that we're in
the year 2017 and we have all these laws
now and all of these different
infrastructure things that are in place
to prevent this and we know we know
better now even though we should have
known better then you don't like ads I
hear your brother you know how you could
avoid as for the Young Turks become we
are notorious member get all the content
ad-free TYT Network calm /join
