a day of protests across Russia has
turned into a series of mass arrests
beginning with the detainment of a
prominent Putin critic named Alexei
Navalny and of omni's wife Yulia said on
his Twitter feed that he was arrested
about a half hour before the Moscow
demonstration that he was going to
attend was to begin police later
confirmed the arrests saying he could
get up to 15 days in jail on charges of
failing to follow police orders and
violating public order well we now know
he didn't get up to 15 days he got 30
days in jail for some sort of crimes
about organizing so he was one of the
the critics of Putin who organized these
mass demonstrations across the country
and you will be shocked to find out that
if you're a critic of Putin bad things
can happen to you 30 days in jail a
fairly light consequence for his
activism
yeah specially you know Navalny is not
just a critic of Putin his his main
issue is corrupt his corruption yes
specifically and he's very vocal about
it so you're gonna go after Putin yeah
corruption that's really hitting them
right exactly exactly and you say what
you're seeing there is is not not
Navalny as arrests we are seeing
possibly up to a thousand arrests across
Russia throughout today as of early
evening nearly 700 people had been
detained in Moscow alone as many as 900
in saint-petersburg according to rights
groups police even admit 650 detentions
in just those two cities and smaller
numbers of protesters being detained
across the country there were permits
for up to 190 separate marches now this
follows an earlier back in March an
absolutely massive series of
demonstrations against Putin now that
had an elective electoral component and
also a corruption component as well
there is going to be elections in a
relatively near future in Russia Putin
theoretically could receive an
additional six years as the leader of
that country which just boggles the mind
but that is a possibility and someone
like Navalny being one of the Opposition
figures who hasn't yet been a
facinated says that he is going to stand
in that election and he has been charged
with any number of different crimes of
embezzlement in' and all of these things
he's been sentenced to five years of
hard labor before thankfully there was a
an outcry from
rights groups and that was vacated he
was released after being arrested but
this is just another in a long series of
detainment Sande arbitrary arrests when
I was in Oslo I reported on a prominent
theatre director in a Moscow had been
arrested as well as 50 of his associates
for breaking some sort of morality code
in the arts it's a gigantic mess there
but it is heartening to see so many
Russians especially these sorts of young
Russians that fall into Volney
continuing to protest even though that
scene that you're seeing there that's
not new or surprising to them yeah I
think this before that's a great point
John I mean the idea that you're
swimming upstream against that kind of
current of violence against protesters
and you know it's a Wild West out there
they the cops can do whatever they want
the riot police beat up a lot of people
they detain and arrest even more and you
end up with a situation that is designed
to discourage participation in the
system it's designed to discourage
protest and then John and also rightly
said ultimately the leaders of these
movements are eliminated I mean
literally off the face of the earth yeah
so it's a it's a it's a courageous move
beyond the normal courage that we see
for people to take to the streets of
Russia yeah and they're trying to stop
them from even being able to take to the
streets not just what they do to them
when they do they're trying to prevent
that organization which is you know
that's what the I think the whoever is
the head of police they're saying that
they want to prevent it entirely you
brought up Oslo and a theatre director
did you know that the play Oslo won the
Tony Award for Best Play last night
sighs full circle yeah small world
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you don't want great thing about that
that means we're not accountable to
anyone but you guys that's why we're
strong together because we built the
show around you come build it even
bigger and better at TYT Network calm
/join
