Madrid is tackling manspreading on
public transportation with some new sign
rollout so the Spanish capital's
municipal transport company emt is to
put up signs discouraging the practice
now let's take a look at one of those
signs
there we go it's pretty self-explanatory
ixnay on the status do that now for
those of you who are a little unfamiliar
with the term man spreading is an
english term that describes the posture
of men who opened their legs too wide
and take up neighboring seats that is
according to the EMT all public
transport has stickers explaining that
room needs to be made for pregnant women
people with buggies older people and
those with disabilities but there's
something that affects all of us
practically every time in the public
transportation manspreading that comes
from the petition that led to the EMT to
put forward this initiative so I have a
little bit of a controversial opinion on
manspreading but I want to get y'all's a
reaction first I think it's crazy that
you could pay for one ticket and decide
your pride slash knee deserves to it's
just really discourteous ok you
shouldn't do anything to take up to make
it so that other people can't sit down
or theoretically if they're sitting
there that makes them really
uncomfortable as a general rule I think
that focusing specifically on
manspreading
I get that it took off if that's the
sort of culture we live in it just seems
odd there's all sorts of ways that you
can take a positional space you can have
gigantic bags that only could lean over
you I know so have a general rule where
you don't take up other space but
specifically manspreading
it doesn't seem necessary to me I I
completely agree with you John I think
that the problem with manspreading is
inherently in the name that we have
given it man spreading aye man spread I
don't I'm not proud of myself for it but
I know that I know that I know but I
know that I I do I man spit but there's
got to be another word for it because it
is not just men that spread don't take
up so much damn room that's up do mind
you take up so much damn room
get it look expansionism what I also
don't like is that it means that
manifest destiny no it's not man it was
like women have their like or that men
have their their legs out and that women
are always like little dainty creatures
who just cross their legs and I'm just
happy to be on the train you know I only
recently want my rights like that's not
that's not women anymore it does it just
doesn't represent how you know we are
some women I have seen carry purses good
for you don't put it on the seat next to
you I think that in general take up a
seat just as much as a leg
I like Kim's rebranding effort don't
take up so much damn room now I think if
we can go back to graphic number two I
think the image is spot-on because that
still shows you know don't do don't be
that guy right as the arm is also taking
up space well it's just showing it's
unnecessary yeah he's just showing it's
unnecessary but I think gendering it to
uniquely men is offensive to me and my
manspreading yeah and also look there
are some people like we as especially in
America but increasingly around the
world we are gaining a lot of weight and
that can cause people to take up through
no fault of their own a lot of space as
well not just in general taking up more
space but specifically spreading if you
have a very big stomach you're naturally
going to spread that's just how Anatomy
works right and so theoretically those
people who have either a health issue or
healthy are just much larger there many
spreading differences between you can
help it or you can't help it mmm cuz
like in tennis you know putting your
arms and legs out as a choice that I'm
making in this moment uh-huh know what
it's like you what if you were a cowboy
you got Bo let I don't know I just I
feel like it's unnecessarily
interesting story the great opening for
a movie yeah I just think that promoting
mindfulness on public transportation is
always a good thing that being said
let's just be a little bit more
intentional on on a broader focus here
and not it
yeah rebrand yeah I like you know tight
just put the word damn in there for no
reason yeah
you don't like ads I hear your brother
you know how you could avoid as for the
Young Turks become a notorious member
and get
all the content add free tea white tea
network.com slash join
