being freaked out by a gay or trans
person is still a legal murder defense
in about 48 states so maybe you've heard
about this before but there is actually
a legal defense strategy in short term
it's known as trans panic defense or gay
panic defense what you're asking for
when you submit that defense is seeking
to pin blame for violence and assault on
one's sexual orientation or gender
identity though not often successful
they are troubling for the fact that in
most states they are allowable at all
now in 2013 the American Bar Association
did release a resolution calling for
federal state and local governments to
pass legislation curtailing their use
but as of yet only California and
Illinois have introduced laws that would
ban this defense so vice.com is saying
it's worrying that a vast majority of
states have yet to ban a legal defense
that uses one's gender or sexual
identity to justify violence more
worryingly a handful of states besides
California and Illinois that have
recently tried to ban these defenses
have failed and the legislation is in
progress in others bills that haven't
passed our case study in the
bureaucratic red tape that can bog down
what should be all but an open-and-shut
effort and they go into detail on a
couple states that are working to
introduce efforts including New Jersey
and Pennsylvania but they're just not
quite getting there they're not quite
passing these bills the American Bar
Association for their part has said
quote the defense has no medical or
psychological basis and there used to
make a case for either insanity or
diminished capacity is inappropriate
since homosexual panic disorder holy
shed what what was once thought
psychiatrists to be a panic brought on
by perversion is no longer recognized by
the American Psychiatric Association's
Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders every once in a while I
have sort of a flashback to an older
time that I fortunately was not alive
for of when that could be a homosexual
panic disorder oh my gosh yeah thank
goodness for being born in the 90s so
recent cases have shown that the defense
can be used effectively sometimes to
help mitigate sentencing such as that of
the murder of Larry King an openly gay
15 year old in Oxnard California student
who was shot by classmate Brandon
McInerney in 2008 and his defense did
actually invoke a gay panic defense
claiming that Kings sexual jeers were to
blame for the shooting
I don't really know how you slice this
up where it isn't victim-blaming it is I
mean he was all by the way doing the
sexual jeers in response to you know
shouting I'm going to kill you I hate
you like hateful things shouted at him
what it was like deflecting you know
harmless deflecting and it's like oh no
that's that's why we did this you know
and it's just it's insane to think that
you deserve to be killed because of
something that you are because of the
way you are you know that's a problem or
can prove is provoking someone cuz I act
violently that seems like it's a legal
way of saying like oh there's something
wrong with you exactly well because
they're trying to imply that you are gay
and thus you like a grizzly bear are so
inherently dangerous that you might need
to be killed because of it um yeah that
what's funny is and it's not total
crossover but there there are people
generally can service in this country
who like for instance might be
Christians and feel like Christians are
the victims and we're being hunted down
they're trying to take away Christmas
and we are like this tiny little
attacked minority even though we're
still the vast majority the entire
country hold all the positions of power
in government and the same thing the
idea that gay people are predators
hunting down the weak isolated straight
people is stupid and it's ridiculous and
all these sorts of laws are it's the
same as laws that previously and
thankfully most of our gone allow you to
rape your wife or punch your wife or
snaps from divorcing you or all that
stuff it's incredibly conservative
people passed laws in the past and a lot
of them especially in conservative areas
have lingered to today well in what it
sounds like also from vices reporting is
that this is a lazy defense they were
saying they consulted with a former
california state assembly member Susan
Bonilla and she basically said that the
majority of people who didn't want for
the bill in California to pass which
fortunately it has were former public
defenders and they had raised concerns
that by banning panic defenses
in general defendants would be denied a
complete and fully rigorous defense
which sound how that's just lazy hmm
that's not trying to you know just kind
of skirt the rules or maybe outdated
laws that don't account for modern times
or common sense yeah III don't know I
don't know what else really just say
about this is a change it needs to catch
up to the rest of ya it needs to change
and I just couldn't believe that in 48
states I know that I live in a very safe
bubble but there are moments like this
and I've talked about this with my
girlfriend we live in West Hollywood
which is like the one of the games
personal yeah and you know some people
have said oh she's so sheltered she
lives in this bubble I why would I want
to leave my bubble my parents live in
Kentucky and I don't visit I love them
but I didn't grow up in Kentucky I have
no ties to Kentucky I don't visit them
very often they come to me because
Kentucky is not a cool like I will get
yelled at for being so visibly gay which
I love but they don't and so it's I
don't know it's it's just gross that
there are breaks for my community when I
hear about things like this you just
watch the video from the young turks did
you know there's a live to our show
every day and if you're a member of the
Young Turks you can get that on demand
anytime you want without ads plus the
postgame just for members plus
aggressive progresses plus old school
plus so many other Network shows go
right now TYT Network dot-com slash join
