a number of brands throughout the United
States wanted to commemorate 9/11 by
promoting their products and they got
backlash for it and I want to give you a
few examples in New Jersey there's a
restaurant known as acai alator and they
sell acai bowls which sounds like a
California thing and it's super annoying
but nonetheless they decided to take an
Instagram photo showing you know the
skyline of New York with an acai bowl
you know in the photo as well they got
so much backlash that they later took
that down and then reposted the photo
without the bowl but all the other
hashtags etc yeah so great way to
celebrate 9/11 I hope you're not doing
that commemorate 9/11 it's with an acai
bowl from the view we have in our
restaurant but you know it's America so
whatever you got to do it was originally
supposed to be a commemoration it was
supposed to be solemn on the other hand
we could sell some fruit balls that were
calling acai bowls and we could put it
in there with a nice view and make some
money off of it welcome to America
but isn't this I mean look I'm actually
amazed that they got enough backlash
they took the original photo down
because this kind of shameless
self-promotion is celebrated in the
country its celebrated in every facet of
life regardless of what you do for a
living okay you know you know how it is
for us like oh you work in news what's
your Twitter following what's your
Instagram following are you posting
enough are you active on social media
are you promoting yourself enough
non-stop promotion promote promote
promote promote it's a symptom of
capitalism it is and I'm look I I am NOT
against a capitalistic system but this
is assist a symptom of it yeah I thought
Christianity was not about materialism
that was that what Jesus Christ preached
was the opposite of materialism give
away all your worldly goods to the poor
the needy and and help your fellow man
but we have somehow twisted it in this
country so that I mean there's literally
a thing called prosperity gospel that if
you don't live in America you
to be confounded by like really that's
the thing they took Jesus as literal
words of saying give away all your
worldly goods and you have no chance of
getting into heaven if you're rich they
eat it said it's harder to get it for a
rich man to get into heaven then for a
camel to pass through the eye of a
needle and they took that and said oh
you see that Jesus wants you to be
absurdly rich first he wants your pastor
to be incredibly rich and he wants him
to have private jets and limos then he
wants you to be rich and he wants all of
you guys to focus on nothing but
materialism in fact we'll take his
birthday we'll get him out of there cuz
he said he looks homeless get him out
put in a fat Santa in a red suit that
gives away stuff that you actually have
to pay for okay and we'll drive towards
that and then what a better house on the
occasion is birth of Jesus or 9/11 just
sell sell sell baby and then whatever
the original message of America was or
the Bible was or anything else was
everybody's forgotten on a day
especially when the theme is never
forget right so and in the sidewall by
the way is just one of many examples
we've only talked about that because
there have been a number of other
companies who have done something
similar back in 2013 for instance 80
wanted to show off their inventory of
new iPhones and so they posted a photo
holding an iPhone with the New York
skyline in the background so very
similar to the acai bowl just okay leave
it be leave it be but but we can't
because it's America and we got to make
a buck but look final thing on it is
what did george w bush the president at
the time say right after the attacks so
at other great moments our presidents
have stood up and given inspiring
speeches that wind up making a
difference
FDR talked about this is a day that will
live in infamy referring to Pearl Harbor
he said we have nothing to fear but fear
itself and JFK was amazing you're in the
Cuban Missile Crisis and he had great
lines in other instances where he said
want to ask what your country can do for
you but what you can do for your country
inspire people what did George W Bush
after 9/11 go shopping literally he gave
a speech in response and and the main
theme was just go back to normal life
and he literally said just continue
shopping can you imagine if a woman said
that oh can you just imagine for one
second if a female politician said that
just let's just go back to shopping ok
because the shopping must not be
interrupted by tragedy and so this is as
Ana points out a symptom of that initial
problem to begin with and by the way I
believe in balance I think that we can
we could actually have capitalism that
doesn't run amok that doesn't take over
all of our lives until turning us into
all materialistic pigs that are obsessed
with things we must have because our
neighbor has it we could actually be
decent to one another and still have
private enterprise that's what I believe
but apparently I'm in the minority the
TYT Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TYT content
at TYT dot-com slash app
