Ted Cruz just can't seem to catch a
break he was speaking this week at the
Faith and Freedom Foundation or maybe
it's the freedom and faith foundation
they probably have both and I don't
really care but look what happened to
this poor sumbitch so what I want to say
to the men and women here is two things
number one thank you thank you thank you
thank you for your prayers thank you for
your passion thank you for your time
thank you for your energy thank you for
speaking out and working to retake our
nation
ladies and gentlemen please welcome to
the stage the Southern Regional Director
of Faith and Freedom Coalition Virginia
Galloway
peace you couldn't hear but she was
smiling and she whispered you copies it
he really yeah like in his defense he
had him they love that sort of BS
well no but also in their defense they
were right they knew the theatres of it
hey buddy you just worked it up
crescendo mic drop they're done yeah
let's bring on the next load of BS right
like George Costanza Man just leave them
happy you got him just move on and you
also couldn't hear him because they
actually cut his mic that poor bastard
but what he said and we should have
really put in subtitles was they're
kicking me out
door if you don't know what I mean there
let's roll this next video see if you
can remember this from the Republican
primary that's it thank you I've taken
me out the door
they're kicking me off the door governor
thank you very much for joining us today
the forlorn head bob is the best part
and I like that that was the most
pathetic thing I'd seen in a long time
but they didn't cut his mic they let him
say something I mean it got the most
pathetic person anyone over the top
you'll remember with the please clap
yeah that was only a bit more pathetic
so many cringe-worthy moment for that
okay but to continue the thought of like
what happened with ted cruz's they were
still trying to help him
cutting the mic is because he's done and
we don't won something across you're
alive might be a bit more wrong word
right yeah if actor says yeah got those
stupid when do I get the hell out of
here you know you don't want that to go
out yeah but uh while it's always fun to
make fun of Jeb Bush and maybe someday
we'll get back to that for the next
primary I guess let's be done Ted Cruz a
little bit more so there he was trying
to be like passionate and fired up and
I've seen a pastor in the South in my
day and I'm gonna try to do it but he he
can't do it he just comes across as
artificial he comes across is even more
artificial when he tries to be a tough
guy let's watch so I got asked what what
are these things
is Barack Obama coming and we will
protect our servicemen and woman's
constitutional right to keep and bear
arms and defend themselves that means
the next time a jihadist walks into a
recruiting center in Chattanooga
Tennessee he's going to encounter the
business end of firearms wielded by a
dozen Marines we will take on the EPA
and the CFPB and the alphabet soup of
the government agencies that strangle
small businesses and we will unleash
booming economic growth I will go to
Congress and we will pass fundamental
tax reform we will pass a simple flat
tax and when we do that we should
abolish the IRS I will instruct the
federal Department of Education which
should be abolished I will instruct the
federal Department of Education that
Common Core ends today under no
circumstances will Iran be allowed to
acquire nuclear weapons and if the
Ayatollah doesn't understand that we may
have to help introduce him to a 72
virgins mother burger and it's also
sorted that was some 2010 or 2015 and is
the Values Voter Summit always get it
mixed up with Values Voters and they get
older voters it's Values Voter I have to
look it up it's plural singular sorry um
you know so he has this booming hand
pocket like and I'm gonna tell Hulk
Hogan orange to turn it's very WWE yeah
it really is
this show over-the-top just I mean it's
lit is laughable I mean I understand
that that audience wants that they liked
it they did like it but that's that's
that is exactly the only people that do
I mean Ted Cruz has a small issue as a
candidate granted he became a senator
everybody is a small issue in that he's
a
and nobody likes him and that's true for
not just all libs but a lot of
conservatives his own co-workers in the
Senate despise this guy because there's
something so incredibly oily and false
about him
and not everybody gets to be that really
rousing speaker I've never done at WWE
intro I don't know if I do it well
I've done it off-camera a lot but I
don't know if it transition well to an
actual arena so I don't try to do it
okay but he wants to be that tough
Republican and I just don't think he can
sell it I wanted to find the Lindsey
Graham quote about Ted Cruz what was the
Lindsey Graham Kofi's that I loved I
liked Ted Cruz but if Ted Cruz were
somebody on the TYT family will tell me
what it is something along the lines of
I like Ted Cruz but if you were shot on
the floor of the Senate you have no one
would step forward as a witness Wow
something to that effect it was very
yeah so he's not as to your point he's
not well-liked because although it does
play well in the room and it does play
well to his base that have supported him
and elected him he can't extend it
beyond it it does play as artificial
it's crazy and it is so much fun to see
him just get yanked get out I mean that
was just very true yeah and by the way
for this is obviously fun that's one
reason we're doing it but if you're
wondering I mean like this is a guy
who's still very young he will be in
future Republican primaries so let's not
let people forget between today and then
that he is a weenie yeah by the way he's
his his relevant and he may make some
modifications to his style which might
make him more palatable that's and then
he gets scary look we left a Donald
Trump I mean we were like did uh and
filled it still yeah but but yes you're
right we do under this politician ego
for every moment I keep trust me funny
in other moments angry in these ones and
in try be conciliatory enemy like i'ma
take over so he's just he molds to ever
he thinks is going to work but it's all
fake yeah you should be ever smooths it
out it could be dangerous
yeah it's easy to mold yourself to an
audience when your body is literally
made of wax membership helps fund the
Young Turks you know one great thing
about that that means we're not
accountable to anyone but you guys
that's why we're strong together because
we built the show around you
come build it even bigger and better at
TYT Network dot-com /join
