serena williams was fined $17,000 for
the way she behaved during the US Open
finals now she was playing against Naomi
Osaka a 20 year old who actually ended
up winning the match and what ended up
happening was the referee in this case
had noticed that Serena Williams coach
was making some gestures toward her and
essentially according to the referee
coaching her during the the match which
is not supposed to happen at that point
she was she got a point against her I
don't know what is it called this is
this is painful for me to do they have a
ball they have a racket I don't know
what they do with it and why do the
points go from zero to fifteen to thirty
that makes sense because you know how
sports people are they're watching
they're like go ahead say the wrong word
that's why I'm like being careful he
doesn't matter everybody is different
expertise okay no no no I'm not a tennis
expert anyway so did they doctor a point
and then later on the third violation
they doctor a whole game which look I'm
not a big tennis fan I watched it
intermittently in my life but that seems
like pretty severe consequence in fact
we do have a lot to say about that
because we do have evidence on whether
that really is as severe as it sounds I
don't often see them dock points but
they might and I'm not an avid tennis
follower but look I'm gonna judicata on
all the different things that she did
wrong and what should have been
penalized and why shouldn't okay so the
first thing really quick coach makes
gestures not supposed to be making the
gestures and coaching her during the
match and so she gets penalized for that
second thing that happened was she got
frustrated broke her tennis racket and
so she was reprimanded for that and then
the third thing was when she had called
Carlos Ramos who was the umpire a thief
for taking her points away for all this
behavior and then at that point she was
forced to
forfeit the game she was overall fine
$17,000 and that money will come out of
her 1.85 million dollar check as the
runner-up - Naomi Osaka okay so here are
the things I know for sure and then
we'll get to the interesting debate so I
know that first of all the cheating
story is true of the coach later Patrick
morado Lu said yeah I was giving her
science so should that have some
consequences yes now people like Billie
Jean King are saying that's a bad rule
it shouldn't exist
fair point and they should decide that
later but it does exist so docking her
certainly reprimanding her is absolutely
logical because it was true they were in
that sense quote unquote cheating by the
way she overreacted even though they
were doing it I know cuz I I did
something similar when I was in school
which I'm still embarrassed about and if
you're a member I'll tell you all about
it in tonight's postgame TYT calm slice
join okay but she wrecked in the same
way that I do you okay so she's wrong
about that I don't cheat to win I'd
rather lose that was her quote okay it's
a minor infraction but it is technically
cheating in tennis okay so secondarily
breaking the record well you're not
allowed to break the racket so she's
wrong about that now the real question
is was it sexist to dock her a whole
game when she called the the umpire a
thief okay before we adjudicate that
we're not the ones who brought up the
word sexism Serena Williams did here she
is speaking at a press conference
following this whole debacle I've seen
other men call other umpires several
things and I'm here fighting for women's
rights and for women's equality and for
all kinds of stuff and for me to say
thief and for him to take a game it made
me feel like it was a sexist remark I
mean like help he's never took a game
from a man because I said feet
but me it blows my mind okay so I
remember watching tennis when I was a
kid and John McEnroe used to play and he
would smash the living crap out of
racquets he would yell and scream and it
would be like what a fiery guy like John
McEnroe then he would battle Jimmy
Connors Jimmy Connors would do the same
thing not quite as much as McEnroe but
uh a lot been famously in a 1991 contest
cursing out the chair umpire and to no
end
did they ever get a game duct never okay
now you say all right well that's an old
story and that's not this particular
Empire good point I thought the same
thing so then we looked into it more and
does it happen where the some other male
players curse out the umpire yes did
they get dr. game not as far as we could
tell and then how about this particular
umpire Carlos Ramos yes he's been cursed
out several times by really well in the
home a employer so it's with so the fact
pattern here is pretty overwhelming so
there's that jerk who's Australian
player who used to be good as like
number 13 yes kurios yep okay so I have
this so let's do those yeah you'll see
so ABC News reported on this so if you
go to graphic 34 they say that at the
2016 French Open Australian player Nick
Kyrgios blew up at Ramos after he was
given a warning for raising his voice at
a ballboy and this is what he allegedly
said that's a bull are you kidding and
then he also shouted bs effing bs you
know just he's cursing at him he's using
profanity he didn't call him a thief but
he said that you know it's effing BS he
was given neither a point penalty nor a
game penalty well look oops that's right
on point right there if you will I mean
thief is getting to you're a liar and
etc F and BS it's the same exact point
but gets there in a way worse way and he
gets a stern looking at and Serena
Williams is thinking doctor points get
docked in game that's crazy
in a championship game all right but
that's not even the worst of it rafael
nadal same umpire in in a French hope or
2017 match does the same thing Nadal was
like you're never you're never gonna be
the umpire nude match that I play again
yeah no no it's way worse cuz Nadal
apparently had complained about another
umpire and the Tennis Association said
okay he won't be an umpire in your games
no that's crazy that's like picking your
own a refs and umpires you can't do that
can you imagine I didn't like that
strike call you're not allowed to be in
any of my baseball games anymore what
right but they letting it all get away
with that so he threatens Carlos Ramos
and says you won't ever work again and
and that's a way worse infraction saying
I'm gonna basically hurt your career and
in fair or unfair I'm gonna make sure
that you don't get to work in tennis in
my matches no point deduction no game to
death there are no winners in this story
right because look for for me the thing
that stood out and it sucks is that the
person who won this game isn't even
really being talked about and she's a
Japanese woman like she made history by
winning this match and the story is all
about the drama the conflict the points
being taken away the game being
forfeited and so that's unfortunate okay
the other thing is and maybe I'm alone
on this but I I'm a firm believer in
expressing yourself okay I get that it
is unacceptable in the world of sports
to participate in unsportsmanlike
behavior you shouldn't break your your
tennis racket you shouldn't whatever why
not though
why not it's her racket right so if
she's emotional or passionate whatever
she's feeling things you're playing a
sport that you're passionate about
you're feeling things just let her feel
them she wants a break the racket who
cares why is that such a big deal that I
don't understand
you shouldn't be yelling expletives at
people you shouldn't verbally abuse
people so I do think that her behavior
in that regard was uncalled for
so she broke her racket who cares so
guys look III really think I came into
this with an open mind because I
seen the headlines but I hadn't seen the
details and I thought well it depends as
with anything it depends on the context
etc I was surprised to find out how much
of a double standard there is for male
and female athletes fairly consistently
so I mean tennis is a great example
because like I told you earlier I grew
up where male tennis stars who lost
their temper were lauded and
complimented and seen as heroes and
starts in fact John McEnroe announces
tennis games today he got famous by
yelling at referees umpires whatever
they're called in tennis okay
so I mean how can you fly that standard
and then punish and Billie Jean King
legendary tennis player said women are
if they react are called hysterical
right and they were out of control all
the time yeah when men do it they're
passionate and strong now to me an even
more egregious example and I didn't know
this Hope Solo a very famous women's
soccer player got kicked out for calling
the other team cowardly at one point are
you kidding me male athletes trash talk
other teams non-stop non-stop and in
fact again they are complimented for it
Jordan
trash talked to other teams non-stop and
ever is like hundreds of millions of
dollars to buy his shoes but hope so it
does it once you're out you're gone
you're eliminated that's insane
so people talking about this was not
becoming of a woman what the year 2018
we're still having that conversation
absolutely absolutely because look I
don't think we talk about conscious bias
unconscious bias a lot and it certainly
applies to this conversation as well I
don't think that most people are
consciously applying a double standard
with men versus women I think that for a
very long time in this country
specifically we've been conditioned to
look at women in a very specific way be
agreeable be pleasant be nice don't
raise your voice otherwise you are
hysterical you're too angry
you're too emotional those are the kinds
of things that I know I've dealt with
quite a bit doing the show jenk and I
you know are kind of similar in how we
express ourselves when we're passionate
about something jenk is passionate I'm
emotional right and so look I don't
think people are bad when when they
engage in this double standard I just
want people to be aware of it because it
is part of societal conditioning is
there a double standard well apparently
when you look at the facts
not only is there one it's way worse
than I suspected
so it's not too much to ask for to have
the same standard apply to people to
take away a whole game in a championship
game because she insulted your feelings
with other players of male players have
done it over and over again that is
egregious by the way Djokovic and other
top star had also insulted Ramos that
same umpire and in much harsher language
he said you're losing your mind right
he's like oh raised eyebrow male stars
raised eyebrow female stars you get your
championship affected by it
she should have played beyond it and and
and look all the credit in the world to
Osaka
Naomi Osaka who won this and she won
convincingly but overall there does seem
like there was some injustice here two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
