Trump is desperate for some of his legal
drama to go away so in an effort to make
the whole store me Daniel situation go
away he has conceded that the hush
agreement that Michael Cohen had her
sign to the tune of $130,000 isn't
actually valid and that she can share
her story so let me give you the
background for this entire situation a
lawyer for essential consultants that is
the company that Cowan set up to pay
Daniels sought to actually void this NDA
agreement in a legal filing and to also
get back the $130,000 payment that she
received in order to sign that nd a now
Trump's attorney Charles harder said in
a separate court filing that the
president would not seek to enforce the
agreement and would not contest
Daniels's assertion that the settlement
agreement was never formed or in the
alternative should be rescinded he also
called on Daniels to immediately dismiss
Trump from her lawsuit so that last part
is the most relevant part Trump and his
lawyers want this lawsuit to go away but
it appears that Michael avenatti and
stormy Daniels are not giving up because
remember she is suing him for defamation
so Daniels is also suing Trump for
defamation for suggesting that she was
lying about the affair that they had
back in I believe it was 2006 a couple
of nuances here first of all I don't
love the lawsuit on deferent on the
defamation it's a weird side note here
but hey you called me a liar so you're
defaming me everybody calls everybody a
liar and yes I mean it's the same same
thing because he's accusing her of lying
but remember stormy Daniels claimed that
she was approached by some anonymous
person in Las Vegas who threatened her
and her child if she spoke out about the
affair that she had with Trump and that
Trump said that wasn't true and that was
him calling her a liar it's the
political sphere of their public figures
no sign and by the way denying something
this said look it's a lawyerly trick if
you ask me okay I'm just keeping it real
like hey I'm suing her for something
okay well it isn't true
you just called me a liar I'm suing for
defamation
am I supposed to say hey now in this
case Trump is a liar and in avenatti has
a good case here as he goes to court and
he doesn't want the case dismissed and
he says well look this guy has made a
sham of these proceedings and lied to
the court and we now know for a fact
that he lied and his lawyer lied because
before they said no there was no affair
we didn't make the payments
now they say by the way which is amazing
if you don't know Trump is still
technically denying that he had their
fare it's insane but they admit yeah I
paid 130 dozen don't want you pay under
thirty thousand for you know cheap Trump
is here paying her one hundred thirty
thousand dollars for an affair he didn't
have okay so but that's his claim in
court now but still Alvin Adi has a
tough case now that they've basically
Trump team has thrown up their hands
because earlier they were threatening
stormy Daniels oh yeah if you violate
the NDA we're gonna ask for like twenty
million dollars in damages now it turns
out avenatti and daniels we're gonna
come out with something even more
damaging we'll talk about that in a
second so this is a trump team pressing
the eject button they're like oh yeah
never mind don't worry about this case
no you don't need an nd8 let's just
let's end the case let's end the case
it's fine the NDA what's an NDA I don't
know don't worry about it
okay they're making a mistake by trying
to get the hundred and thirty thousand
dollars back because that might extend
their proceedings let it go you're not
gonna get it back anyway okay
but they're obviously very very worried
and on vanadis like no not the case I
got something fun coming up yeah look my
I hear what you're saying about the
defamation suits right I totally
understand but I'm willing to not be
principled for once and just support the
defamation because for me it's not about
the defamation suit it's about my
avenatti using the exact same tactics
that Trump would use to go after Trump
he trolls Trump he does the exact same
tactic when he speaks to the media about
Trump and it drives Trump crazy which is
why he had to concede I mean this was
essentially Trump waving a white flag
saying aye aye all right all right
please I can't take this anymore
and
you're right they tried to bully her
into arbitration threatening her with a
20 million dollar fine for you know
violating the NDA which by the way
confirms and also acknowledges that the
NDA existed and that there was a hundred
thirty thousand dollar payout know
everything that happened Adi is doing
with this particular case is correct
okay okay so look Maggie guys you still
don't think he's a liar guy you don't
even believe that okay so remember what
he said stormy Daniels I'm who stormy
Daniels then he said no I didn't make
any payments then he said Michael Cohen
made the payments now he says he made
the payments now he says okay fine you
were right about everything but by the
way I'm still didn't have that there
okay so now that the new damaging thing
that might come out last week avenatti
and stormy Daniels said next week we're
going to have quote a big announcement
and they're going on the view on
Wednesday so I don't know those two
things are connected but it is entirely
possible that Trump knows what the big
innocent announcement is because he did
it right and so he's like lost it to her
no no be sue people he sue people
thousands of times it's fine just go
away go away go away hmm
me does think you protest too much so
now I'm looking forward to Wednesday
give me a little bit more no no one
hates surprises more than trump like
every week there's a new surprise I'm
kind of loving it two easy ways to
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
