White House National Security Advisor
John Bolton is scoffing at the notion of
the International Criminal Court going
after the United States for its actions
in Afghanistan specifically its
treatment of detainees in Afghanistan
now this International Criminal Court is
one that the United States has refused
to join and John Bolton shares his
disdain for the court in the following
video take a look in November of 2017
the ICC prosecutor requested
authorization to investigate alleged war
crimes committed by US service members
and intelligence professionals during
the war in Afghanistan an investigation
neither Afghanistan or any other state
party to the Rome Statute requested
literally any day now the ICC may
announce the start of a formal
investigation against these American
patriots who voluntarily signed on to go
into harm's way to protect our nation
our homes and our families in the wake
of the 9/11 attacks the ICC prosecutor
has requested to investigate these
Americans for alleged detainee abuse and
perhaps more I make a quick statement
about the beginning of what he said in
that video he said something along the
lines of America didn't request this
investigation to be fair he also
mentioned Afghanistan yeah America
probably wouldn't want to request an
investigation into potential war crimes
that they've committed anyway go ahead
okay John Bolton labels International
Criminal Court illegitimate also bank
robber labels cops illegitimate yeah
they're going to be investigating the
actions of the US government so you're
not happy about that we get it doesn't
make the International Criminal Court
wrong in fact it makes it more right no
now why do I say that because it's
investigating America no because it is
holding the powerful accountable if you
set up a sham court and it was there to
serve the powerful they would
investigate
you know Botswana and and Nicaragua and
countries that don't have enormous GDPs
and it would be used as a gimmick to
bully other less powerful international
Court actually does its job it
investigates everyone who might be
committing human rights violations war
crimes etc and john bolton is doing a
little mr. eshton air does he care that
they're gonna investigate us on
afghanistan yes is that his primary
concern
no his primary concern is that they
investigate israel and so he couldn't
help himself he talked about it later in
the speech and reality is that is the
number one reason why America has been
consistently against the International
Criminal Court before any investigation
of us came around because how dare you
investigate the obvious law breaking of
the State of Israel that is unacceptable
to only two countries Israel and the
United States of America so you're right
in that he is certainly more concerned
about investigations into the behavior
of the Israeli government but look I
think that he's also concerned about
having an international law enforcement
going after countries who commit war
crimes because remember the United
States profits off of getting involved
in conflicts abroad that is our bread
and butter and so having you know law
enforcement on an international scale go
after us if if and when we do something
wrong well that could potentially hurt
profits I think that's a part of it as
well but to your point he does talk
about Israel in the speech we do have a
clip on that but before we get to that
just take a listen to how incredibly
salty he is in the next part of the
speech the United States will use any
means necessary to protect our citizens
and those of our allies from unjust
prosecution by this illegitimate court
we will not cooperate with the ICC we
will provide no assistance to the ICC
and Lee certainly will not join the ICC
we will let the ICC die on its own after
all for all intents and purposes the ICC
is already dead to us he loves to talk
like a tough guy man I'd love to see
even a situation where any of that was
tested but you'll never catch any of
these guys they're all chicken Hawks
they all ran from every single war they
want your kids to die in that war
instead but I did notice some salt got
stuck in his mustache that mustache is a
little too long
you gotta trim it brother yeah okay so I
appreciate some of the people in the
room that did not applaud when he
attacked the International Criminal
Court but half the rooms like Oleta war
criminals off the hook yeah ICC is not
doesn't just investigate American Israel
ICC investigates oh all the countries
across the board and has gone after
people who've committed war crimes and
helped to bring justice to those people
and so I mean when you look at all the
things that the United Nations overall
has investigated whether it's Rwanda
Serbia and all the different issues that
came up where we tried at least for a
little bit of justice here's this room
god no ended let there be war crimes in
Rwanda and Serbia and Israel and
wherever yes war crimes i I hope you're
proud if there's a here's the persuasion
to of people who may not look who has
not the time to look into what the ICC
does or has done or will do or even this
particular one evoked 9/11 evoked brave
Americans who go to war there you're
gonna bring charges against people who
went to fight a war for our country
after what happened to us to 9/11 they
continue to persuade people based off of
the deaths of some more innocent people
it's the same it's the same car they go
with every time no matter what happens
you can do not you can't say i'ma
forward I would like to see what they're
doing because you oh how could you
you're gonna get a side against
Americans right I don't I know it's the
same tactic that they use over and over
again but I remember very clearly what
happened to our military to our soldiers
following 9/11 the American people were
tricked into sending our soldiers to a
pre-emptive war in Iraq where the Bush
administration purposely made it seem as
though Iraq was behind 9/11 when it
wasn't
I remember that do you guys remember
that
right yeah john bolton probably
remembers that because he was one of the
goddamn liars that did that lie in the
first place he was part of the neo cons
who said yeah you know what rumsfeld
said the problem with afghanistan is
it's not a target-rich environment in
other words who could drop more bombs on
iraq and john bolton agreed we should go
to iraq instead that did not attack us
that did not attack us now he's talking
about how we're at afghanistan today
today decades later because those troops
are protecting our families and our
homes really the guy from the Swat
Valley was gonna come into our homes
what in God's green earth are you
talking about the people who attacked us
are long gone I don't know if you
remember this John Bolton
the guy who killed Osama bin Laden was
oh right Barack Obama who you said was
soft and weak and did kill him to Cheney
kill him to Trump kill him no none of
the above did you know you sat on your
ass and attacked the wrong country
and I want to point out one other things
notice that in that statement he said by
any means necessary when Malcolm X says
it dangerous radical and did we need to
do something about that out-of-control
black man this guy john bolton has
actually pushed for successfully wars
that have led to the deaths of hundreds
of thousands of innocent civilians let
alone two others who were killed
including US troops yeah but when he
says by any means this year all what a
wonderful tough guy way to be so one
final part of this is what he had to say
about Israel as you know the
International Criminal Court ICC wants
to look into the behavior of the Israeli
government as well the actions against
Palestinians and so Bolton announced
that the State Department will close the
Palestinian Liberation Organization
office in Washington DC so yes so let me
explain the context before that I
remembered there's a story of me when I
was at hosts like cable news and when I
ran into John bolt I want to tell you
guys that story but on time right now
let's do it on the postgame for the
members TYT comm /join become a member
and and i'll make sure to tell you that
story and it was a it was actually kind
of a pivotal moment for me yeah anyway
back to the Palestinians in Israel using
the speeches because they're about to
investigate Afghanistan I already too
look we the Conservatives in this
country are already hated the
International Criminal Court
especially the neo cons because of their
historic actions against Israel because
Israel does commit those crimes the
settlements the aggressive actions etc
by the way it's not like the
International Criminal Court says okay
no but the Palestinians we're not gonna
look into them we're gonna be biased no
they look at a both Israel is a state
actor and so they care more about state
actors who are committing these crimes
because they have more control over the
state actors which are in the United
Nations so it's not like Hamas comes to
the United Nations and goes oh I'm gonna
bomb someone do you would you is it okay
or not okay right so so they look at
things that are under their purview
which includes Israel but why now it's
because of what Ana just pointed out
we're closing the pl o--'s office and
because the ICC is about to look into
war war crimes of Israel that the
Palestinian Liberation Office asks the
ICC to look into so this is America
going how dare you know you will accept
our war crimes you will be biased
otherwise you're dead to us
so that's who John Bolton is that suit
Donald Trump is that's who george w
bush's and all of these neo cons they
don't speak for America they don't speak
for Israel they speak for their
right-wing brethren who love to start
Wars commit war crimes and then cover it
up well you just watch there that speech
was the cover-up two easy ways Folio
interests want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
