week one of the NFL happened and the
only reason why I know that is because
of people lighting their shoes on fire
I'm serious nike put Colin Kaepernick in
their 30th anniversary just do it ad and
people lost their minds they've called
for boycotts and just like that
thousands of dollars of merchandise went
up in flames now let's be honest you've
probably heard most of the arguments
about why the other side is being absurd
but I would like to take time to point
out a few of my favorite things about
all this Nike stuff in a new segment
called my favorite things my favorite
thing about this ad itself is that it's
just not offensive it's the just do it
30th anniversary they're literally
celebrating the fact that they've been
making the same damn commercial for 3
freakin decades and they're doing it by
sharing inspiring stories laugh at what
you think you can do
if you have only one hand don't just
watch football play loser hiring 20
pounds and become an Ironman after
beating a brain tumor Oh gross Mike you
don't tell people to believe in
themselves that guy with the brain tumor
should just give up make America great
again I mean this is all so ridiculous
my favorite thing about Ben Shapiro's
response is how hard he's pretending to
know about football let us recall that
Colin Kaepernick had already been made a
backup quarterback so I think those
Blaine Gabbert in in San Francisco in
other words he was a garbage quarterback
he's one of the lowest rated
quarterbacks in the NFL I think he was
at the time he was benched the lowest
rated quarterback in the NFL I got a 32
starting quarterbacks he was number 32
yeah I think it's Blaine Gabbert totally
didn't spend the last hour researching
this off the top of my head
3331 pass attempts come on dude
you don't watch football and it's okay
it's okay I don't watch football either
my favorite thing about every tweet from
someone defending the troops is the
inevitable response from a veteran
saying they support the protest like
this one quote I'm a soldier and I
support Kaepernick and I will continue
to wear my nike combat boots
that's like saying nobody puts Baby in
the corner only to have baby get up and
say no I'm good in basic training we
learned the corner provides a tactical
advantage in their videos a lot of
people said that Nike sales would
plummet not only am i burning my
favorite pair of Nikes you are burning
your sales have a good day my favorite
thing about that is the fact that online
sales actually jumped 31% last week
their sales are doing fine just fine
without you my favorite part of seeing
people light stuff on fire is how much
it reminds me of the stereotypes they
have of angry Muslims burning symbols of
America seriously between the burning
effigies and the smoldering Air Jordans
the so-called Pro America crowd has a
lot in common with the death to America
crowd honestly guys what's with burning
things I mean I get boycotts those
happen
all the time for every Nike boycott
there's a Papa John's boycott for every
chick-fil-a boycott there is an
in-and-out boycott maybe we should just
be happy that in America people have the
luxury to boycott food but do you have
to light stuff on fire it's just so
strange there's got to be a moment in
the process where you feel like an idiot
and not just a regular idiot but like a
weird idiot maybe it's not when you set
up the camera or are squeezing kerosene
on $150.00 jerseys or Keurig Frappuccino
makers or even when you actually drop
the match onto your favorite high tops
but at some point after you realize
you've mutilated socks or when you're on
the ground with a dustpan brushing up
the ashes of your cross-trainers or
maybe two months later when you're
having a barbecue in the backyard and
someone asks you hey why is your law and
all charred in that one area and you
have to explain what happened
at some point you have to have a private
moment when you think to yourself yeah
that was a little extra maybe that's my
favorite thing did you know that TYT
network is now available on youtubes new
streaming platform YouTube TV get access
to full TYT episodes and exclusive shows
by signing up for YouTube TV today all
new subscribers get a seven day free
trial so head over to YouTube TV and
search for the TYT Network Channel
