Gary Cohn and Trump had a bit of a
tumultuous relationship and a lot of it
had to do with Trump's reaction to the
Nazi rally in Charlottesville Virginia
take a look when economic adviser Cohen
was upset over the president's
reluctance to condemn white supremacist
for the violence in Charlottesville he
went into the Oval Office to resign
Trump said you can't resign I need you
to do tax reform and I said if you leave
this is treason and from talked him out
of resigning afterwards chief of staff
John Kelly who had been in the room
pulled him aside Cohen wrote this down
quote from general Kelly if that was me
I would have taken that resignation
letter and shoved it up his six
different times end quote
yeah I can't stand that quote from John
and Kelly
so our job here is to keep it real and
tell you the truth no matter way Howard
cuts so I should be applauding that
saying oh okay you see that there's an
example of Donald Trump being an idiot
etc but John Kelly what I mean you would
have done the resignation letter and
shoved it up his ass you are still as
chief of staff you could resign too I
mean why Gary Cohen is Jewish and so he
is particularly mad according to this
story because they were chanting the
Jews will not replace us blood and soil
these are not see chants in
Charlottesville and Donald Trump said
there's good people on that side on the
Nazi side but John Kelly you don't have
to be Jewish to be outraged by that I'm
not Jewish and I'm livid over it so you
had a chance to resign six times over
you didn't and on that issue and a
hundred other issues and you never took
that chance so please spare me your
crocodile tears yeah you're right I mean
John Kelly on multiple occasions has
expressed how much he dislikes working
in the Trump administration but he has
never actually taken the step of
resigning of you know saying no you know
what I can't stand for what's going on
here
so it's look I think it's it's far more
courageous to stand up to Trump and
actually speak against
his policies and what he's been doing
his behavior but Kelly hasn't done it
all you hear are leaks all you see are
anonymous op-eds there's a lot of
cowardice that's coming out of the White
House right now and by the way these
leaks are partly because of that
cowardice so John Kelly could resign he
could say things publicly he's choosing
not to instead he's doing leaks Gary
Cohn eventually did resign but only
after he got the tax cut for the rich so
Charlottesville didn't do it for him
oh you you want to say that there are
good Nazis chanting the Jews will not
replace us but wait let's do the tax cut
for the rich first so you know in Gary
Cohen is the guy who took papers off his
desk so he wouldn't do a disastrous
trade deal all of this is now
positioning for hey no no no I was a
good guy inside the Trump administration
oh I prevented it more chaos oh I hate
hey I did this I did that no no you're
the greedy guy who stayed there to get
credit for the tax cuts that you got for
your friends so spare me your tears Gary
Cohn you are complicit in all of this
the resident resigning after what you
got what you wanted which is that tax
cut for yourself and for your friends is
not some sort of point of pride or or a
Profile in Courage two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
