New York's primaries are set to take
place on Thursday and the gubernatorial
election between incumbent Andrew Cuomo
and his progressive challenger Cynthia
Nixon is getting super salty this is
exactly the type of election you should
be paying attention to if you're on the
left but feel routinely disappointed
with the Democratic Party
Cuomo represents the status quo while
Nixon is a strong progressive who has
been pushing for a medicare-for-all
health care system and an end to
corporate corruption in fact to prove
her disdain for the legalized bribery in
government she has refused to accept
corporate PAC money which has
unfortunately given Cuomo a competitive
edge over her
he has outraised and outspent Nixon and
Bloomberg reports that quote most 24
million dollar campaign Treasury dwarfs
the four hundred forty two thousand
dollars Nixon had as of August 13th he's
spent 7.9 million dollars this year much
of it on market research polling and
television advertising but even though
the polls which are dated at this point
indicate that Cuomo has a giant lead
over Nixon he and the Democratic
establishment sure seem scared of her
just recently New York's Democratic
Party sent out defamatory mailers
accusing Nixon of anti-semitism it was a
curious not to mention insulting attack
considering she's raising her two older
children in the Jewish faith CNN notes
that the mailer quote falsely claimed
Nixon supports the BDS movement the
boycott divestment sanctions movement
which aims to pressure Israel over its
treatment of Palestinians and accused
her of being silent on the rise of
anti-semitism but Nixon hasn't been
silent on anti-semitism just last August
Nixon condemned the quote rising hate
crimes we are seeing against Muslims
Jews and many other communities she
addressed the smears against her in a
press conference over the weekend I am
the mother of Jewish children and I am
very alarmed by the rise of
anti-semitism in this country and
globally I am frightened for my children
I am frightened for our world
and to use this kind of unfounded charge
as a political weapon in a smear
campaign is unworthy of Andrew Cuomo's
Democratic Party I do not personally
support BDS but I support the right of
those who do to speak about it Cuomo's
response to the backlash establishment
Dems have been facing in response to the
mailer demonstrates an incredible level
of cowardice his tactic has been to deny
that he had anything to do with the
defamatory content saying quote I think
the mailing was inappropriate I think it
was a mistake
they better figure out how this happened
no no you better figure out how this
happened the flyer is labeled as having
having been paid for by the New York
State Democratic Committee and guess who
controls that organization that's right
Andrew Cuomo best-case scenario if we
were to believe that he didn't know
about the mailer this shows his failing
leadership and his inability to keep
members of his own party under control
this whole controversy has been so bad
for Cuomo that other establishment Dems
are criticizing him for it
New York's Mayor Bill DeBlasio shared a
blistering tweet saying the following
the mailer sent by the New York
Democratic Party in the 11th hour
falsely attacking Cynthia Nixon is
beyond unacceptable it's downright
trumpian
tweeted apology calling it a mistake is
laughable the state party must
compensate the Nixon campaign
immediately so if polling indicates that
Cuomo has an impressive lead over Nixon
why would he and New York's Democratic
Party stoop this low to attack her look
based on my own analysis and personal
opinion will most severely
underestimated Nixon prior to agreeing
to the one and only debate he had with
her the hour-long debate on August 29th
made it clear that Cuomo showed up
unprepared while Nixon brought out the
big guns and aggressively attacked the
governor's cozy relationship with
corruption there are too many fantastic
moments from that debate to share in
this segment but I can't help but show
you one of my favorite moments I'm
paying finance reform is something that
Governor Cuomo has been
promising ever since he ran in 2010 it's
not hard to know how to do campaign
finance reform it's to close the LLC
loophole by which corporations can
donate an unlimited amount of money to
political campaigns but since taking
office Governor Cuomo has received
sixteen million dollars through the LLC
loophole that's more than every single
legislator in Albany combined damn the
most recent polling done on the Cuomo
Nixon race was in July so we don't know
how ahead Cuomo really is but his
actions would demonstrate that the gap
is closing which would be a good thing
for New Yorkers Cuomo's governorship has
been riddled with questionable behavior
one of the more recent examples was when
he decided to drop investigations on
prosecutors who had refused to press
charges against alleged rapists Harvey
Weinstein turns out that Weinstein's
previous lawyers had donated $25,000 to
Cuomo's reelection campaign just before
he decided to drop the investigation
it's great to know how much Andrew Cuomo
can be bought for Nixon isn't hitting
below the belt which she calls out
Cuomo's love for legalized bribery
because she's telling the truth it's sad
that the only line of attack
establishment Dems have is to make up
nonsense stories about their opponents
oh did you like that video well that's
great because you never have to miss
another episode of no filter all you
have to do is just hit the subscribe
button below and ring the bell to get
notified whenever we publish a new video
