so you're about to see the sum of all
fears when it comes to tech censorship
and D platforming Facebook and Twitter's
CEOs were grilled in a hearing with
Congress and look at the question that
Republican Tom cotton has for them and
look at the implication of what he's
saying to the actions you've taken about
the 2016 election both of your platforms
and specifically what action you haven't
taken you you have removed several
accounts as a result of your own
investigations I think some of this
committees work and I commend your
companies for that one accounts that
were one set of accounts that remain on
your platforms or WikiLeaks and Julian
Assange Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
and he was the director of the CIA
characterized WikiLeaks as a non state
hostile intelligence service this
committee has agreed with that
assessment now for a couple years in a
row yet both WikiLeaks which propagated
some of the leaked emails in the 2016
election from the Democrats remain
active on both Facebook and Twitter as
does Julian Assange miss Sandberg could
you explain why Facebook continues to
allow their plot their accounts to be
active I'm not gonna defend WikiLeaks
and I'm not going to defend the actions
of any page or actor on our platform
WikiLeaks has been public information
it's available broadly on on other media
and as such it doesn't violate our Terms
of Service and it remains up on our site
and mr. Dorsey so we we also have not
found any violation of our Terms of
Service but you know we are open as
always to any law enforcement insight
that would indicate a violation of our
Terms thank you my time is nearly
expired again I want to commend your
companies for making you available and
both of you for appearing I would urge
both your companies or any company like
yours to consider whether or not they
want to be partners in the fight against
our adversaries in places like Beijing
and Moscow and cheongyang and Tehran as
opposed even-handed or neutral are
that should scare the out of you
let me explain why so first of all you
need to know that these companies are
already cow towing and Facebook is the
worst on this front Facebook there are
countless stories of Facebook basically
meeting with top Israeli government
officials and them saying hey listen
we're not okay with that Palestinian
human rights group so can you ask them
and Facebook will do it Facebook will go
into markets where they're authoritarian
governments and basically just do what
the authoritarian governments want them
to do and then allow the platform with
censorship and D platforming of agents
that those respective governments don't
want on the website so Facebook they
have no principles they have no you know
no morality they act like oh I don't
care about human rights and justice and
freedom and freedom of speech and
freedom of the press I'll censor whoever
you want me to censor because I care
about money more than anything I care
about our business more than anything so
they already do this with other
authoritarian governments now the u.s.
of course we have the First Amendment we
have freedom of speech and freedom of
the press we have the constitution and
we're we're a unique country in our
interpretation of these laws because we
lean very heavily on the side of free
speech we only we don't have hate speech
laws in the US because it's viewed as
unconstitutional you're allowed to be
hateful
that's totally allowed I mean it was
famous famously the ACLU defended the
KKK when they wanted to march in Skokie
so the KKK marching through a
predominantly Jewish town but the ACLU
who's viewed is like a left-wing group
defended them and it's on principle it's
because it's not about hey I'm defending
them on the substance I'm defending them
on principle because if you don't allow
the KKK to do this then you know what
next in a right-wing town you don't
allow communists to march or socialist
to march do you don't allow a DSA
meeting in the town square and whatever
a Bumblefuck place so it's a slippery
slope
so you defend the principle of it well
now again we're at the point where the
town square is not the town square
anymore the social media platforms are
the town square because that's where we
all go to communicate and we still have
a
situation in the US where that's wrong
it's run by private companies so it is
tech CEO billionaire overlords who get
to determine your fate on those sites
well already that's a problem because
even if there was no pressure from the
government they get to make decisions on
their own whims
yeah our Terms of Service Terms of
Service are are vague on purpose so that
they can kick you off for any reason at
all so it's already the whims of the
tech billionaire dictator if you will
that's already a problem well it's even
worse than that now because here oh my
god we're calling social media platforms
to come testify in front of Congress why
because they played a role in the 2016
election with Russian disinformation No
so in other words if there are other
governments where there are accounts
that spew the narrative of said
government's we're gonna say that is
propaganda and we're gonna ask you to
pull those accounts off now is there a
process to determine whether or not
these particular accounts are indeed
funded by said governments no because
they don't there's no transparency they
don't show any process they don't prove
any of that stuff so that's weird
because now it's like okay well what if
it's not an account that's linked to a
government financially but it's just an
account that you know like I've spoken
about before the u.s. the CIA overthrew
the Iranian government in 1953 a coup of
their democratically elected leader
Mohammad Mossadegh because most iudex
said oh I'm gonna nationalize the oil
industry and give the money to the
people of Iran as opposed to giving
cheap oil to the UK in the US so when I
point that out that happens to be
factually accurate but it also happens
to technically be Iranian propaganda
because it's the exact stuff that the
Iranian government would want everybody
to know because they got a raw deal in
that situation so are they only gonna
pull people who are literally
financially linked mmm
doubt it because we've already seen
examples of people all Russian
propaganda and then people were pulled
and then we know that those accounts
indeed were not Russian propaganda so
it's a slippery slope and now we're
going full speed
that slope because now you have Tom
cotton a notorious neocon war hawk
bloodthirsty foaming at the mouth
lunatic who's now begging social media
Giants oh I think you should pull
WikiLeaks because they're a hostile a
non-government hostile foreign actor so
in other words they say things that I
don't want the American public to hear
still get rid of them so in other words
that is 100 percent directly in the face
of the principle of the First Amendment
your soul to be able to dissent you're
supposed to call out your government
you're supposed to be able to say
whatever you want in free society well
what he's saying is ah they say things
that I'm not comfortable with them
saying because it makes us look bad the
US government so you got a poll because
what does WikiLeaks do oh here's
information that the government was
keeping secret that they shouldn't have
been able to keep secret because it just
exposes the crimes they were committing
like for example they're the ones who
exposed what Chelsea Manning showed
which was oh
our soldiers are massacring innocent
civilians in Iraq circling around
massacring the first responders and then
they're on video laughing about it so
that should have been seen now they said
all its top-secret is classified why do
they classify what do they call it on
top see because they didn't
embarrasses them it makes them look like
scumbags so the US government does want
to expose the crimes that they commit so
they're gonna try to hide it well now
you have Tom cotton priding social media
Giants hey you should really pull things
that make us look bad directly in the
face of the First Amendment that they
want these social media giants to be US
propaganda outlets
no no no don't allow anything that would
be from the perspective of the of Russia
or Iran or China or anybody who we
disagree with only allow now let me ask
you a question is Tom cotton gonna say
hey you should pull the RNC account
because all they do is Pro Republican
and Pro US propaganda no he's like I
said because in his mind if we do the
propaganda it is by definition not
propaganda if they do the propaganda it
is propaganda so he wants to use these
social media outlets as a tool to back
his own narrative well Tom Cotton's
narrative is not the narrative in fact
he's wrong about almost
everything he's one of the biggest
torture proponents by the way so this is
dangerous and this is scary and you end
the
thing that really frightens me is you
saw the response there from the two CEOs
well I mean May they didn't violate our
Terms of Service I don't know I'm kind
of open if you show me law enforcement
stuff that says they did so we see
what's coming we know how it's gonna
unfold
they're gonna set up some sort of
Commission the CIA the FBI whoever where
they have an open line of communication
with top officials at the social media
platforms and whatever the CIA or the
FBI says hey we want you to pull this
account they'll pull the account and
they'll say all law enforcement told us
that maybe they did something wrong so
now we're gonna pull them to be on the
safe side and then the whole thing that
made these platforms good originally
namely free speech totally open
platforms now it's gone dead and gone so
they should terrify you and just to be
clear so everybody knows the answer is
regulate these platforms like public
utilities that's the answer
regulate these platforms like public
utilities and then the First Amendment
applies and that doesn't mean that if
somebody actually does commit defamation
you can't go after them of course you
can you can go after somebody for
defamation in the US now if it's not
online of course you can so you'll still
but this way we'll have a process it'll
be out in the open and we'll see exactly
what's happening and we the default
setting is free speech they don't want
that they want the default setting to be
pulled at everything that makes the US
government look bad and only allow our
propaganda terrible terrible terrible
way to do things
