hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt following the explosive
Anonymous op-ed that was written about
donald trump's administration and how
there is a resistance against donald
trump within his own administration now
there are calls for an investigation by
the Justice Department to figure out
exactly who within the administration
wrote this op-ed for the New York Times
now Trump had said this in a statement
while speaking to reporters this was
during an interview on Air Force one
that was originally off-the-record but
at the end Trump decided milk on the
record so let's hear what he has to say
about the New York Times and the DOJ
getting involved in this investigation
because I really believe in essence
so he said I would say Jeff Sessions or
Jeff should be investigating who the
author of that piece was because I
really believe it's national security
ask that question of Trump I don't know
who asked because I mean I don't know
the context before that but it felt from
the brief clip like they were putting in
his head like was that something he'd
been talking about or he had talked
about previously so to give you an
example he was telling a crowd recently
this is before the Air Force one
interview that he thinks that there
should be an investigation in fact we
have that clip for you let's take a look
at that he was nobody knows who the hell
he is or she although they put he but
probably that's a little disguised that
means that she but for the sake of our
national security
the New York Times should publish his
name at once I think they're reporters
should go and investigate who it is that
would actually be a good school
that would be a good stick be absolutely
clear in in this case he's not saying
that the DOJ should go investigated he's
saying that New York Times reporter
should investigate the New York Times
they are they should yeah it's a great
story yeah it's wonderful yeah I love it
they said he so obviously she okay they
said was a person so it's obviously a
little person I have it all figured out
so now one of the reasons that people
are asking about national security
Joel's question is because he's saying
that the guy the person should be
arrested and the New York Times should
turn them in right so well why would
they be arrested there's if they didn't
leak national security issues at all we
all read the op-ed we covered it for you
guys here on The Young Turks and there
was no national security in there at all
all there was was the president's an
idiot and we're the cabinet was
considering the 25th amendment because
he's mentally unstable and we're trying
to make sure that he doesn't blow up the
world so so but yes event a reason for
why they should be arrested hence the
the conversation about national security
well national security actually talked
about this on Air Force One as well not
to go tangential but he's used national
security every single time he wants to
do something because in his mind I used
the term loosely in his mind he's like
the CEO of Washington and so everyone
works for him and so everyone can work
for him but he needs a reason that's
national security so that that's one
thing that's forgetting you know things
like the First Amendment and the ability
of someone to write in the New York
Times to pray and the our times is not
exactly a fly-by-night little operation
I mean they do check facts there is a
real person and that real person has the
ability to to produce the real story to
choose or not to choose to be anonymous
whether or not it's a he or she or
little whore tall she she makes it for
people so I'm just wondering what Trump
has found out so far cuz we're talking
like Kellyanne Ivanka
la Nia yeah serigraphy Sanders and
that's about it yeah
Melania win count that's true it's not
just an official advisor although for
running down the list you know he's had
high turnover at Sheetz she could be but
yes true not yet not yet right yeah if
you read that up
and how the person's talking about being
a lifelong Republican and first
principles of free markets instead of a
one melash Kellyanne
yeah I feel like I don't know I'm
leaning toward Kellyanne again this is
just uh speculating over who it could
possibly be so vocal about his disdain
for Trump and I mean you're not you're
not gonna be married to a dude that you
disagree with that much on politics you
just can't you can't do it we live in a
different world by the way Ben and I had
a draft for who the leaker is on old
school okay we had a wraparound draft
and we had a we picked the different
officials so check that out if you
remember t y-t-dot-com slash joining you
get all the shows including old school
find out who I drafted first and who bet
I was so mad at who he took second and
third cuz there was such a good picks
okay now here's my favorite quotes from
this interview on Air Force One
when talking about his white house he's
like oh no this whole talk of chaos and
having to rein me in it's not true he
said it's a well-oiled machine it's so
running beautifully know that you have
to read the whole graphic because it's
amazing so this is the full statement go
to graphic or I'll read it for you you
don't have it in front of you he says so
the New York Times reports a Washington
Post reports I apologize asked if he
trusts the White House staffers Trump
said I do but what I do now is I look
around the room I say hey if I don't
know somebody okay nobody knows what
that means we have a so if you said now
you know before he would see people in
the room that he wouldn't recognize you
wouldn't say anything but now if he sees
them he says hey okay great
he also says we have a really well run
smooth running White House it's a
well-oiled machine it is running
beautifully yeah that's what well the
machines do they turn on one another
yeah and they write newer times operas
anonymously or as Trump would say in a
recent rally ammama misleading this
White House the insane track which is
the president and the same track where
we try to rein him in that's what
well-oiled machines do yeah
well he's had a 61% turnover and senior
staff and
37% turnover and regular staff regular
staff being just in the last year so if
it were a well-oiled machine it would
have some issues yeah the well-oiled
machines just are constantly dropping
off different parts of the machine all
the time right but they're more fun
quotes when asked about whether Garrett
Cohen took something on a document off
his desk so he wouldn't sign it and
cause trouble in the world he said Gary
Cohen if he ever took a memo off my desk
I would have fired him in two seconds he
would have been fired so fast he would
have been fired within the first second
that it took place okay so I like how he
changed his mind in the middle went from
two seconds no one second yeah okay
second of all smug he obviously didn't
take it off your desk while you were
sitting there okay he took it off when
you weren't there otherwise you would
have noticed okay so how would you know
he took it off do you have some sort of
powers were not aware of no the reality
is if you are a competent president and
a competent manager you would have
noticed hey guys what was that memo was
gonna sign about South Korea that was
really important but you didn't notice
because you don't know anything but was
he waiting I was very confused by the
whole thing is he waiting for South
Korea to respond is he waiting for this
policy to be enacted or does he think it
was enacted like or is he just forgotten
well I assume just forgotten
I mean it's unclear it seems like he
just forgot and it seems as though this
kind of thing happens often not just
when it comes to trade deals with South
Korea but also unfortunate well
fortunately in the context of Trump in
in situations pertaining to like foreign
policy so one of the things that he
wanted to do was just go in and
assassinate Bashar al-assad and his
aides base or I shouldn't say aides his
senior officials prevented that from
happening by taking documents off his
desk so it's it's amazing how easily you
know he could just forget about
something as serious as assassinating a
leader of any country but I haven't read
the Woodward thing is it I had heard
that or an interest is true in the Nixon
administration he would you know bark
out crazy orders people wouldn't do them
and then he would thank them later he's
like yeah I was just is that what's
going on is Trump
is Trump really think these are good
ideas and they're gonna be an actor is
he grateful that people aren't doing
this no no it's a great question and and
that is the most similar case because
see administration officials for Nixon
also said under certain circumstances
they ordered the rest of the people in
the administration to not follow his
orders
for example they said if he says to
launch a nuke do not launch the new part
of the reason was you know he had all
these issues and he was depressed and he
was in a bad state of mind but the major
issue was that he was heavily drinking
so they didn't want him making decisions
while he was drunk and that's why he
would thank them later but that's
because Nixon was a bad guy but he
wasn't dumped
everybody knows Nixon was smart very
devious etc but knew what was going on
so when he sobered up he'd say thank you
Trump on the other hand is not only
stupid but it has no sense of how stupid
he really is and he's also an egomaniac
so he wants to feel like he's always in
control so you know this idea of his
officials really being the individuals
and controlled the policy that gets
carried out that would totally hurt his
ego he would lose his mind over that
remember if a member of his
administration is getting more media
coverage than he is his feelings get
hurt it's unbelievable
well you know I worked for Gary Cohen
it's interesting to me because I I've
said many disparaging things about
Goldman Sachs over the years and animaux
Gary Cohen but but one thing I will say
for him is if he wants to do something
he will get it done so so the fact that
well we know Trump is not necessarily
truthful person but the fact that the
Trump is even disputing that that could
have happened is is just ironic because
he would have known that Gary Cohen
would do what he said he was going to do
in particular with respect to trade I
mean that that is why he ultimately quit
because all of the trade stuff that's
going on from the Trump administration
is is ridiculous all these tariffs
aren't helping anyone in fact our
deficit is higher it is the three dental
at five more now yes since he started to
try to do the opposite right so so I
just find that interesting that it that
it was Gary cones quote about that that
that's been one of the ones highlighted
and in the Woodward book yeah but guys
so look it's one thing if he forgets
that he was supposed to sign something
about South Korean trade which is
already disastrous that
I mean you're the President of the
United States you're supposed to know
you're supposed to care and so when and
you should be really mad if someone does
not execute your orders because that
means that you you're terrible at
managing they don't respect you
etc so you the fact that you don't
notice that is unacceptable but enough's
right that's that's one thing when you
say kill Bashar al-asad the leader of
another country and in general mattis
apparently on that call said we'll get
on it right away sir and then he hung up
and told his aide we're not doing any of
that okay so now he didn't Trump to be
fair to him he didn't hear what Matt has
said after he hung up the phone but how
do you forget how do you know that's did
you not notice that Assad is not dead
that it's not is perfectly alive did you
not notice that that we never bombed
Assad that we never made that effort how
dangerous is that for democracy very
dangerous when people are that we didn't
elect are going against the orders of
the President states like I don't want
to live in that world where these people
think without reporting to anyone on
their own decide what's good for America
like I did but like we make a good point
so I love that you brought that up
because this is something that I've been
seeing uh you know an anecdotal level
and I'm glad to have someone in front of
me saying the same thing because uh-huh
you guys because you're you're proving a
point that I was making on the show
recently that this op-ed is important
and I'm glad that it got published
because I think the American people
deserve to know what's going on within
this White House but at the same time it
has led to some individuals who would
previously criticized Trump who are
critical of Trump now they're feeling
like some level of sympathy for him or
it's backfiring it's sympathy it's it's
a belief in democracy over my hatred of
shop I think the problem with Trump
though is that he's not a believer in
our democratic we have to be you can't
let us all turn on democracy then we
then we go straight to fascism like no
no I agree
with you but if he would I feel like he
would carry out fascist policies if it
weren't for and I can't believe I'm
saying this I remember when he chose
mattis you know to be in his cabinet I
was like uh this is not good news and
now all of a sudden we're in this
situation I'm like oh I'm so glad mattis
didn't go out and execute or assassinate
Bashar al-assad so look it depends on
the person and whether or not the person
who was elected is mentally competent
I'm not saying this just to insult Trump
I genuinely questioned his competency
I'm worried that if he carries out the
things that he but who gets to make that
decision there's a literal answer of
that question and that goes to the very
very core of this issue
you know seriousness so I'm with you
Joel I I think it's terrible that
they're not following the president's
orders we talked about it earlier in the
week if if Bernie Sanders is president
and some Clinton former Clinton and
Obama staffers again we're not gonna do
that yeah that's that's unacceptable
unacceptable but why why are they not
following this orders because they
believe that he is mentally unstable
that is why they're not following the
orders so for example Bashar al-assad is
a really bad guy why are we saying it's
a good thing they didn't kill him
because it would have created chaos and
instability we might be at war with a
major nuclear superpower like like
Russia if we had killed Assad let alone
Iran etc we have a system to deal with
an unstable but exactly it's and the
cuttin our Congress and our Senate have
decided he's not unstable and that's the
way the system is supposed to work
actually so that's what I was gonna get
to the literal answer to who gets to
decide is the cabinet and so the person
who wrote the op-ed in the near term
said the cabinet early on did consider
the 25th amendment which says that the
president is mentally incompetent to run
to rule and we need to replace him if
they are not following his orders then
they should do their constitutional duty
to do it the right way and to convene
the cabinet and have a discussion about
whether do use the 25th amendment or not
you're right you're doing it this way
isn't the right way to do it
it's not sympathy for Trump he hired
these people it's not like they came
from the deep state if they're the
people he chose yeah I agree the better
way to do any of this is is to do it
officially to do it by the Constitution
to do do it by
what are congressional legislation says
and but but the thing about this bed
however is it just indicates how bad
things really are which we know but but
but for coming from inside the White
House not one of the 61% of a senior
officials that left but someone who's
actually still there saying hey you know
what this needs to be you know this is
this is like a cry out this is this is a
shot from us and I think in that respect
using the press which has been something
that's been used by journalists by by
all of us in etc to cry out to the
public to to take that extra step and
even to Congress and to give them that
sort of backing like you're talking
about it I think that is important I
don't mind the crying out I don't even
necessarily mind the anonymity what I
mind is subverting the president in a
very undemocratic way yeah well I think
we actually all agree to that and so and
I can't stand Donald Trump but I know
that you should subvert them in a way
that isn't constitutional or legal so
for God's sake do the right thing now
their 25th amendment is not like
impeachment impeachment is a political
process and it often is engaged by the
opposite party as they did to Bill
Clinton that might be legitimate as has
happened in the past the threats of it
might be legitimate as it happened with
Nixon it might be illegitimate depending
on your opinion with Clinton but it is a
political process the 25th amendment is
your own cabinet the president's own
cabinet getting together and saying and
it could be for a number of reasons he
could have been you know there could
have been an assassination attempt for a
while Ronald Reagan was incapacitated
when he was shot there's a lot of
different reasons but 24 the amendment
is more permanent obviously so where you
can be in the cabinet is you say the
president is literally not mentally
competent to lead we must remove him
from office not for politics but for the
sake of the country this he doesn't have
the capacity to make these decisions and
apparently according to the Woodward
book and now this insider a very senior
administration official coming into the
New York Times is saying yes
there are a lot of us inside the cabinet
and inside the government who think he
is not mentally stable enough to lead
this country that's why we ignore his
orders then do your job
convene the cabinet consider the 25th
amendment
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
