you're about to watch ana kasparian do
what she does best fight for progressive
values she's doing it at political 2018
but she does it here everyday at the
home of progressives TYT join today by
clicking the link in the description box
below the whole point of this
conversation is to kind of do a deep
dive and see how Senator DeLeon
differentiates himself with or from
Dianne Feinstein so without further ado
please give a big round of applause to
California state senator Kevin de Lyonne
all right so I wanted to start this
conversation off with your thoughts on
why it's important to challenge a
Democratic incumbent you yourself
identify as a Democrat and oftentimes
what we hear from establishment
politicians and the establishment party
is that you should not challenge the
incumbent if anything that could split
the vote it could give someone from the
other party an opportunity to get
elected into office and it could have
some negative ramifications I don't
agree with that ideology I believe in
democracy
I believe in challenging conventional
wisdom in the status quo but I wanted to
get your thoughts why are you inspired
to run against Senator Dianne Feinstein
well first and foremost thank you very
much for the opportunity to share a few
words with all of you let me say this
that these are very dangerous
consequential times in our nation's
history
I believe that we're engaged in a battle
for the soul of our country against a
president without one and I believe that
the status quo in Washington is either
unwilling or incapable of fighting back
so therefore I believe it's time that we
stop biding our time and biting our
tongue while this president unravels and
undos all of California's progress
listen I'm the youngest child a single
immigrant mother with a third-grade
education I'm not just a strong
proponent supporter the California Dream
I'm a direct product of its and thank
you and I'm not just running because of
Who I am but I'm running because what I
strongly believe we need to do for
California and for the nation I think
that we need a Senator regardless of
political party and ideology and
persuasion whether you progressive with
your moderate with your conservative
wherever you are in the political
spectrum we need a center that reflects
our values that's willing to step up
speak out and fight for you every single
day so those are my values and what I
believe in strongly so I want to get
into some specifics because there is
still a bit of division within the
Democratic Party especially in terms of
how we present ourselves and how we
resist policies from the right that we
disagree with now on one hand you have
someone like senator Feinstein who has
been in office for decades and there is
some question as to whether or not she
and other establishment Democrats are
fighting hard enough now what makes you
different from senator Feinstein why do
you believe that you represent something
other than the status quo well let me
say this that I made a decision and it
was very controversial even among
Democrats especially Democrats in
Washington that on November 9th the day
after the election from 2016 when Donald
J Trump was elected president United
States through an antiquated system we
have called the electoral college
alexander hamiltonian concept that makes
no sense based on the diversity this
great country i made a decision that I
was going to resist and help lead the
state to resistance because you had a
president during the course of the
presidential primary when I saw the way
he treated other fellow Republicans the
way he denigrated them the way
humiliated them even their family
members I made a mental note to myself
and I said if he treats fellow
Republicans this way how do you think
it's gonna treat Democrats
how do you think it's gonna treat
members of the LGBTQIA Muslim
communities african-american communities
immigrant communities the most
vulnerable among us the most
marginalized so I made a decision that I
was gonna help resist you know anything
that this man attempts to do to impact
our economic prosperity is the fifth
largest economy in the world our
progressive values as well as our people
unfortunately I was not wrong he's come
after our immigrant families detaining
departing dreamers and hard working
mothers and fathers he's trying to
unravel our clean air policies our
climate change policies he's right now
destroying the ACA the affordable care
act as we know it today he's unraveling
all of our policies from California that
improved the human condition for all
individuals so that's why I made a
decision to resist lastly up to your
questions your point when the incumbent
senator said last year at the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club that we
needed to be patient that perhaps if we
were patient enough that Donald J Trump
could be a good president and be mindful
this is after the Muslim ban this is
after pulling out of the Paris Accords
our climate change this is after
unleashing ice agents to terrorize
mothers and fathers and children and
this was three weeks after
Charlottesville Virginia so when she
made that comment that just demonstrated
once again that she was regardless of
political party and what we share that
her values were out of touch and she was
disconnected to what was happening to
our community members up and down the
state of California
so I know that as a millennial as
someone who identifies as a progressive
I want someone who is willing to fight
aggressively not just for equality among
races equality among genders equality
among sexual orientation but more
importantly equality period Economic
Opportunity and what we're seeing right
now is fake economic opportunity wrapped
up in massive tax cuts for the rich
we're seeing record corporate stock
buybacks from these corporations that
were supposed to increase wages and add
more jobs and so this is an issue that's
been driving me crazy because
Republicans have framed the conversation
around the economy's doing really well
but you dig deeper and you see that the
economy is not doing well wages remain
stagnant they have not kept up with
inflation stocks are certainly
artificially inflated by corporate stock
buybacks we have a massive bubble that's
ready to burst and so how do how will
you reframe the conversation and
actually address the economic issues
that the middle class in the working
class in America are currently dealing
with let me suggest you should run for
office - Anna thank you I wouldn't do
that to my family but thank you I don't
know where Christian is I know Christian
would get upset you know but you know
but you should think about running for
office because I like your values and I
like the fight it's not just about
sharing you know the same values it's
about having that fight from within side
and that those leadership abilities and
skills it doesn't make a difference how
many years you've been in political
power as long as you have that fight to
do what's right to improve the human
condition for all individuals regardless
of who you are regardless of where you
come from regardless of the humours skin
regardless of your legal status
regardless of who you love regardless of
which God you pray to now California is
the fifth largest economy in the world
there are only four economies larger
than California that is the United
States of mare
in the aggregate it is China it is Japan
and it is Germany so California our
golden state is number five and if you
are remotely interested in rounding out
the top ten we have we have the United
Kingdom we have France we have India
Italy that number ten is Vladimir
Putin's Russia so California's economy
is larger than that of Vladimir Putin's
Russia to put this in context but to get
your point Anna although we're the fifth
largest economy in the world this
economy has not worked for millions of
Californians so although our
unemployment rate may be low relatively
relatively speaking to past years we
have a lot of folks who are working two
three four jobs a lot of part-time jobs
some folks are working full-time jobs
but they're working at that cutoff point
where the employer doesn't let them
actually benefit from the benefits
themselves healthcare retirement
security they're slightly under
full-time status how many Oberer drivers
we have here how many lyft drivers do we
have here how many folks in the service
economy so that gets you a point this
economy is not working for everybody so
listen it's not about just any
politician whether you're on the left or
the right coming up here and saying hey
it's about jobs ok I get it it is about
jobs how are you gonna create the
conditions the economic conditions to
lift people out of poverty for those who
are in the middle class how we're barely
holding on to the middle class how can
they stay on a stable footing in the
middle class and those who aspire to be
part of the middle class how can we give
them a ladder so they can climb up to
the middle class listen that's why I've
been saying from day one that we need to
move forward in the clean energy space
take these convert these economic or I
should say environmental challenges it's
a real economic opportunities in the
clean energy space renewable energy
clean energy technologies energy
efficiency in California we have created
500,000 jobs in a clean energy space
that is 10 times more jobs in the clean
based in California then there are coal
mining jobs in all of America that's a
ten to one ratio to put this in context
so that's how we can get everyday
Californians and to me it doesn't make a
difference who you voted for in 2016
Trump Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton
everybody wants a high wage paying job
because Ultimates about taking care of
your family putting a roof over your
head putting clothes on the back and
putting food on the table so unless you
move these policies with a sense of
attention allottee with the sense of
purpose you convert them and make them
into law growing this economy is going
to be very difficult so I love that you
brought up the issue of clean energy
jobs versus coal jobs because one of the
things that Trump cement successfully
ran on was the idea of increasing the
number of coal mining jobs and that has
yet to come to fruition and there's a
very clear reason for that it's because
a lot of industries have moved away from
using coal as the primary form of energy
and so but people who worked in that
sector people who worked in coal mining
jobs do have a very legitimate concern
and and that concern is hey I'm already
a middle-aged individual who's been
working in this industry and the
Democrats are coming to me in a
condescending way telling me that I need
more training to work in renewable
energy and for a long time I had a very
negative knee-jerk reaction to that very
legitimate concern but it is a
legitimate concern because if I were
middle-aged and I'm about to lose my job
I don't want someone coming to me and
telling me oh you just need more
training to move on and do something
different and adapt to a changing
economy how do we help support those
individuals and get them on our side how
do we convince them that hey this is a
smart way to go we want to help you we
want to support you what's a better
strategy to help support these
individuals you know you make a very
valuable point because to me the issue
of climate change is no longer
scientific we have enough Nobel Prize
winners we have enough scientific data
to tell us if we don't do something
quickly
our humanity our way of life will be in
peril
this issue is a political issue
ultimately because it's people in
positions of power for making decisions
or not making decisions on the impacts
of the quality of our life because of
both criteria pollutants not socks
particular matter
all that smog that our children breathe
into your lungs and carbon dioxide
greenhouse gas emissions which is
atmospheric listen to me it if it takes
putting Old Glory red white and blue on
top of a wind turbine or a solar array
and making it patriotic then so be it
you know then let's do it if you need to
make a patriotic because what the
biggest and I don't care what politician
what talking head which colonists you
here this weekend
left or right on this stage or any other
stage here today
don't let them spin you in any way about
this issue because the biggest failure
here have been quite frankly the
politicians on both sides of the party
who represent whether it's West Virginia
whether it's Ohio whether it's Kentucky
whether it is Pennsylvania getting to
your point on the coal miner and his
father was a coal miner and his father's
father was a coal miner so culturally
that's what they know and they know that
that's salary that paycheck takes care
of their family so any threat that
undermines their job it's a threat to
what they identify with most culturally
because it impacts them economically to
take care of the families ultimately if
you're on the left or the right or
points in between doesn't make a
difference we had that primal instinct
to protect and defend anything that
threatens our family so what has
happened is that these politicians
knowing that coal consumption
domestically is going down that coal
consumption internationally is going
down even though they're trying to push
it hard with developing nations you know
they know that they were more loyal to
the coal miners not the coal you know
workers themselves though I'm saying
they were loyal to the coal owners
not to the coal miners and they never
position working men and women to go
into the clean energy space and say hey
listen our economy is about to implode
if we don't position you and I think on
the left side to your point with regards
to the condescension the paternalism or
maternal ISM both sides of the gender
equation on this issue that we should be
coming in forcefully with policies
policies that improve the human
condition that make it law that says we
we need we have to convert but the way
you frame it is so important without a
doubt so what do you think about
subsidizing the training and the
education for these coal miners so
they're actually getting paid as they're
getting retrained in the renewable
energy sector and how do you sell
something like that in our Congress
should you become a senator on a federal
level what without a doubt let me say
Washington always seems to find the
money for its priorities the war in Iraq
the war in Afghanistan GOP tax cuts
Washington always finds the money that
it wants for its priorities but
Washington can never ever ever find the
money to invest and it's most critically
important human asset which is the
American people so the issue with
regards to subsidy underwriting if you
will training to the conversion of a new
industry a growth industry that's not
difficult that's not expensive because
Washington always finds money for GOP
tax cuts they always find money to
continuously fund a six trillion dollar
war you know we've been in Iraq 15 years
we've been in Afghanistan 17 years we're
still there and we're still paying the
costs and it's disenfranchised an entire
generation so when they say you know
Medicare for all it's too expensive when
they say that debt-free college
education we just can't do it that's
Washington speak for no no no no we
don't want to do that we want to do this
right here they always seem to have the
money for the private military
contractors and the weapons
manufacturers they never shop
actually take care of our troops when
they come home with PTSD we don't
apparently have the money to provide
health care services that they need when
they come back exactly and all of these
issues regardless of what your political
ideology is if you are a middle-class
American or a working-class American if
you're an average American your party
has abandoned you because we have been
told time and time again that we don't
have the resources to provide health
care to Americans but for some reason we
have the resources to provide foreign
aid to countries that do provide
universal health care for their citizens
which I find fascinating but anyway
that's a whole other discussion
check out the Medicare for all panel
from yesterday if you can yes so one of
the biggest issues is the fact that our
politicians aren't working for us
they're working for their corporate
interests they're working for the
individuals who fund their campaigns to
the tune of millions of dollars in some
cases and it's because of citizens
united it's because of the fact that
corporations can give unlimited amounts
of money to super PACs that support
various politicians and so my question
to you senator de Lyonne is what do you
plan on doing about the issue of money
in politics I think we gotta take money
out of politics you know it's just that
simple I mean we got to do everything
within our power to overturn Citizens
United at the Supreme Court level no
question about it
I believe in transparency I believe that
we have way too much money in the system
it influences we know it does influence
you know public financing I've always
been a strong supporter I've always
voted for public financing each and
every single time it's come up for vote
you know my good friend from Berkeley
then-senator Lonnie Hancock and others
have always promoted it last year I
negotiated what I don't know if you know
I'm a Trent lang
you know the disclose act on the ballot
initiatives I negotiate that for him now
in the ballot initiatives that you see
all the commercial the top three donors
it doesn't make a difference if you're
on the left or the right unions or
corporations or individual
multi-billionaires you have to be
identified
transparently you know where the money
is coming from but we got to take money
out one is we got to deal with the issue
of citizens united - we got to introduce
public financing with the current
mathematics of the the challenge we have
in the Congress and US Senate we still
got to keep pushing it we gots to keep
elevating it because I think Democrats
left and right can't come together on
the corrupting influence of all the
grotesque amounts of money that are
involved in politics right now I know
because I'm being outspent ten to one
you know on this but guess what we made
it to the top two and right now there's
only six points the separating means
senator dianne feinstein right now
before november 6 so just to be clear
with everyone who's watching and
listening
do you accept corporate pac money I
don't I don't accept corporate PAC money
I don't excellent ok so I want to pivot
to an issue that has a lot to do with
the economy it has a lot to do with what
many Californians are facing but many
Americans are facing throughout the
country and that's the issue of
affordable housing so whenever we have
discussions about the economy and how
well it's doing those conversations
usually leave out the ballooning number
of homeless people throughout the
country the ballooning number of
homeless people here in California it
has skyrocketed because housing has
become unattainable unaffordable if you
are an individual making minimum wage
but working full-time you literally
cannot afford a two-bedroom apartment
anywhere in the country that was a
recent study what types of solutions
would you propose to combat the issue of
unaffordable housing here in the United
States
ina can I say not just what I'm
proposing but what I'm doing actually
right now in real time and you're right
this is a human crisis and I can tell
you this is that how many of us here
including on the stage are one or two
paychecks away from either living with
family with a friend or even worse
living in a car or on the streets one or
two paychecks away and we're all one
medical emergency away yeah from
experiencing that when we talk about
that and what what the ER visit you know
so I know that I can tell you this
vividly I remember growing up we were
renters all our lives we rents it and I
remember that hey guys
is it my friends over here right there
and I remember there's some of them were
flicking me off so I just wanted to say
hi to them right over there yeah what I
I remember the landlord knocking on the
door and my mom saying Shh hi Anson no
Deegan nada
you know she says Shh be quiet don't
don't say word
and the latter was knocking and knocking
and knocking catman catman we didn't
make the rent we couldn't make the rent
and it was embarrassing it was
humiliating truth be told and my story
is not unique because there's a story of
so many working families listen there's
two initiatives before you on November 6
I'm not the only one on the ballot of
course but there's proposition 1
proposition 1 will is three billion
dollars we're gonna leverage yet with
billions more for affordable housing in
California to build affordable housing
in California that's proposition one
it's not the panacea right it's not
gonna solve all of our oils housing but
it's one huge step forward with billions
of dollars that we can start building
affordable housing a shameless plug if
you don't mind
ana prop 2 the reason why it's a prop 2
because I wrote proposition 2
proposition 2 is no place like home
it is 2.2 billion dollars for
chronically homeless individuals who are
mentally ill let's give them housing
first solution
housing first because member the the the
temporary housing and is the the the the
policies at local governments who let
them live in the cars that that's a
band-aid that the housing shelters we
got to build permanent housing solutions
that's two point two billion dollars I'm
not raising taxes I'm not property tax
sales tax income tax its reap right
reprioritizing you know the
millionaire's tax and I just take two
point two billion dollars and we can
build permanent housing first housing
solution first for homeless individuals
in California that's what we need to do
and we can do it here in California we
can do it props one and props to please
vote from so how do we address the issue
of the housing market and what's
currently happening right now with the
banks because these propositions might
be great but it touches on an issue in
California specifically right and so
what do we do on the national level
because right now what we're seeing is
the same type of predatory lending that
the big banks engaged in prior to the
economic collapse in 2008 that's
happening now and people aren't paying
attention so just to give you an example
the big banks were a little regulated
under dodd-frank but not really the
non-bank lenders though were not
regulated under dodd-frank so what we're
seeing is a number of these non-bank
lending agencies giving out mortgages to
people who have horrible credit who had
just signed or who had just filed for
bankruptcy believe it or not and this
was a great investigative piece that was
written in Bloomberg that blew my mind
because we're noticing that there's a
lack of inventory in housing how are
people snatching up all these homes that
are insanely unaffordable and it's
because people are getting loans when
they shouldn't be getting loans and
again we're seeing more of the predatory
lending a lot of these lenders go out of
their way to include terms that people
don't understand their stuff in the fine
print that people don't understand this
specifically go after Latinos and there
might be a language barrier where they
wouldn't understand the terms of these
loans and what would happen to their
interest rates once the Fed increases
interest rates there's all sorts of
predatory stuff going on right now and I
see both Democrats and Republicans
sitting back and allowing it to happen
so how do you differentiate yourself
from establishment Democrats who sit
back and allow this to continue what
would you do how would you be a fighter
well let me tell you this I would never
vote to undo an arrival the
glass-steagall Act number one that's
what Dianne Feinstein did so when we
talked about credit default swaps when
we talked about derivatives they were
package you to hedge funds and blew up
and and and brought this economy to a
standstill disproportion impacted
California because of the housing crisis
in California you had you had men and
women but especially men who committed
suicide unemployed lost the house
foreclosure all the the the issues that
take place under a household the stress
the pressure divorce lose your children
lose your identity of who you are all of
this happen you know glass-steagall just
unraveled if you have super banks you
had super banks and they were on
steroids they're on steroids now I
believe that we should create a public
bank you know
strongly tomorrow and to participate in
a press conference for a public bank
tomorrow there is a measure here in the
city of Los Angeles that the it's
measure be thanks a lot you know on cue
right there on the public bank there's
there's two issues here one is giving
credit to those whose FICO score may not
be stellar the quality of their paper
right but I do believe in giving access
to capital even if you don't have a
stellar FICO score because a large
problem has been lower middle-class and
working-class people can't get access to
these financial products you can't get
access to capital to is what you're
saying which is dead-on
accurate when they do get access to the
capital they don't know what the terms
of the agreements are solve a sudden it
explodes on them and what was a
manageable monthly payment explodes on
them all of a sudden and they lose
everything they lose the house they lose
all the capital they invested in it they
lose their their that who they are their
definition of who they are it's a
horrible thing to experience so we need
access to capital and we need to help
folks with reasonable terms that are
manageable because we have a financial
institution whose business model is
predicated if you will on profits
profits which profits on the backs of so
many folks whether they make the payment
or not where they lose their home or not
you know it doesn't make a difference
because there are fiduciary
responsibilities first and foremost are
to the shareholders
whoever invests in those financial
institutions themselves one other
question I have about the housing market
and then I'll move on I know this is a
little self-indulgent but foreign
investors so there are literally
companies right now that buying cash yes
so you'll have wealthy foreign investors
from places like China from Russia
people who want to do some money
laundering and they'll do so in the form
of property investment here in the
United States they have no interest in
living in the United States so they'll
hire companies to make it seem like
someone's living in that house because
there are some laws that prevent you
from buying and flipping and all that so
what do we do to stop foreigners from
laundering money into US real estate
because that's also artificially
inflating the prices and making it
incredibly unaffordable for US citizens
to buy homes one of the biggest
tragedies was and I would be very clear
I'm not against foreign investment
foreign capital coming into the country
be very clear about that but one of the
biggest tragedies was that when we hit
the worst economic recession since the
Great Depression since 1929
we had a lot of foreclosures so a lot of
had a lot of empty houses so we had a
lot of foreign cash
and you know from the Pacific Rim from
China specifically a lot of folks who
wanted their money to be in safer
investments and there was a lot of
there's a lot of cash obviously in China
they want to take the cash out since
then you already know the Chinese
government has clamped down on the
amount of cash that can leave the
country so they were looking for safer
investments and all of a sudden all
these foreclosed homes empty homes or
being bought pennies on the dollar in
comparison to what the original price
was and these are incredible if you have
the cash you can gobble up all of these
properties and they're sitting empty as
well too
you know they're it's not like someone's
living into them or they're renting them
you know that they're sitting empty as
an investment tool because of all the
cash they're taken out right now
ultimately we still have to deal with
the issue of a public bank to give
capital out to move capital to those or
otherwise do not meet the traditional
criteria of the traditional you know
lending services to the United States
government has to get in the business of
dealing with low financial products to
working families you know we have to
invest much more three is we're gonna
have to start curtailing these financial
investments is instruments that do exist
because ultimately what they do it's not
against being foreign investments or
against anyone from another country but
they undermine the economy of California
ultimately because it impacts
middle-class Americans working-class
Americans who otherwise won't be able to
access what's on what that the stock
that the inventory if you will you have
inventory but it's empty you can't
access it but we also have to build more
inventory as all to because we have a
shortage of inventory too as well I'm
not an expert I'm just wondering sure
too but I'm trying my best with you I no
no no no I I appreciate it and again I
know the housing issue is something that
I care about probably more than most
people but I appreciate you taking the
time to answer my questions the next
thing that I do want to discuss though
is you know what we
we are going to do with our investment
in education and the future of the
country because we are certainly falling
behind test scores standardized testing
scores indicate that we're falling
behind when it comes to reading
preparedness math and our students
aren't ready for college that's problem
number one problem number two is college
affordability which we'll get into in
just a second but first let's talk about
what's happening with our public schools
because what I'm seeing is Republicans
on a federal level trying to defund
public education I'm certainly seeing it
on the state level as well because our
state lawmakers have a lot more to do
with public education than they do on a
federal level but they'll defund it and
then they'll turn around and say look at
these failing public schools we need to
privatize we need to privatize but we
all know the second they privatize grade
school no one's gonna be able to afford
it I mean we have 1.4 trillion dollars
in student loan debt right now and that
again is an issue that we'll get into in
just a second but what do we do about
public education what do we do to fight
to maintain the funding for these
schools how do we stop the privatization
of public education listen you cannot
private you cannot monetize monetize
public education you know for a business
model that profits certain shareholders
that the last bastion of public tax
dollars are in public schools used to be
in health care at one time you know
health care is largely become privatized
other than Medicaid and Medicare but
with regards to public schools K through
12 community colleges as well as public
universities we have very powerful
forces that like to like to monetize
this for their own profits I believe in
public education I'm a product of public
education I had some very good teachers
who believed in me I would not be on
this stage if it wasn't for the teachers
trust me I was not valid Victorian I
wasn't a summa laude I wasn't an
honor student I wasn't a stellar student
you know it took me a little longer to
to learn certain things it still does to
certain degree you know but I have a
just appetite and I do learn when I get
exposed to things so I had teachers who
believed in me if it wasn't for public
education I would not be on this stage
here today
period so I thank God for my public
school teachers we need some best in our
public schools because for me our
greatest national security our young
boys and girls who will eventually go on
to college if they get that opportunity
most likely to Community College and
then transfer or learn a skill set in
the climate space and the clean energy
renewable energy wind solar energy
efficiency we need to invest in public
schools we need to pay our teachers what
they're worth we do not value teachers
in the United States of America we do
not value teachers let's be honest about
it we do not value them we need to have
the best and brightest and we need to
pay them what they're worth you know and
we need to really concentrate in
communities at the lowest economic
strata communities of color because we
have to smash we have to destroy that
prison to pipeline that exists in
communities right now in California
throughout the country what we need to
do is we need to make sure Anna that we
don't have this prisoner pipeline to
Folsom de Chino to Tobaccoville to San
Quinn to Pelican Bay we need to send
them to either USC Cal State LA or to
UCLA that's what we need to do we need
to fund our schools we've to fund our
schools we need to pay our teachers what
they deserve this is what also it's
about values is about priorities it's
not about let's have another symposium
at at Stanford or UCLA or a Columbia or
MIT University of Chicago on pedagogy
you know on funding formulas it's about
what our values are what our priorities
are and what's your in a position of
power you use your values drives you to
make those decision making the best in
America so let's talk about student loan
debt let me just repeat one point four
trillion dollars in student loan debt
that's what we are dealing with it is a
new industry and
is crippling our economy so if you're
one of the fortunate fortunate
individuals who doesn't have to deal
with student loan debt just know that it
does hold our economy behind it holds
our economy back and it also discourages
people from pursuing higher education it
creates a system where higher education
is reserved for those who are already in
positions of power those who have the
means to afford it and that is a
dangerous system to set up and we're
already there
and so what do we do what do we do to
combat the issue of student loan debt
well listen I'm on the record and I've
campaigned up and down the city of
California I believe in debt free
college education that's the bottom line
you know it's about our value there
though it's about reprioritizing you
know I always like it when when folks
not you but when what the naysayers say
we can't get there that's Washington
code the Washington speak which is an
attitude of defeat which is throwing up
your hands up in the air and saying we
just can't do it but like I said earlier
Washington always always always finds
the money to fund their priorities Wars
bombing other countries but we cannot
fund and invest in the best human
capital that we have here which are our
students you know we have students who
if you you're absolutely right if you're
number one if you're lucky enough to get
to a four-year university count yourself
as the very lucky chosen ones too if
you're lucky enough to graduate count
yourself as a very lucky one because
there's not a lot of folks who graduate
in four years a lot of students are
graduating five six seven years because
you have to work a job or two or three
because it's not just about very
expensive tuition very expensive books
it's about something called life which
is your roof your rent your food your
clothes it is your gas pass or your gas
card it is your bus pass and then if you
when you graduate that debt that you're
carrying you're gonna carry easily into
your 30s into your 40s and in 50s so
you're paying both principal as well as
interest and the point you make we have
a 1.3 trillion dollar industry that's
been created on the backs the more they
service your debt the more the profit
model grows so why are we profiteering
on education why are we forcing you to
carry debt well into your 30s and 40s
you're paying both principal and
interest and then you couple that with
the housing crisis you can't buy a house
you got all these debts you got all this
FICO score you shoes here it's a spiral
you're spiraling down and that's not
what America should be about America
should be inspirational it should be
hopeful it should be providing real
economic opportunities so you can grow
and prosper and give your very best to
the greatest country in the world
you're the greatest human capital asset
that we have it's all of you that has
what's made this country great that is
the true greatness of this country which
is all of you yeah one more question on
student loan debt and I'm genuinely
curious to hear your thoughts on this
you alluded to it a little bit but
federal student loans include interests
right and so the interest rates keep
going up for these loans and one of the
senators who has fought pretty
aggressively to lower the interest rates
on these federal student loans has been
elizabeth warren senator warren and i'm
curious to hear what you have to say
about that if you agree with that
proposal if you would fight to lower the
interest rates because mind you when it
came to the Wall Street bailouts those
banks paid a lower interest rate to
repay that money then our students do
for their education so III that drives
me insane and I'm curious to see a do
you agree with senator Warren and
lowering the interest rate and B how do
we get there how do we encourage other
lawmakers to get behind this
the short answer is yes I do I do agree
with Senator Warren without question
number two if I'm your voice if if I'm
honored to have your support come
November 6
you know I will work with what senator
Elizabeth Warren you know regardless of
what her aspirations may be whether
she's a president in Washington DC or
you know in other parts of the country I
will work with her or I'll carry the
ball you know if she's gonna be busy
doing her thing you know I'll carry the
ball you know I will reach out to my
Republican colleagues there's no doubt
about it I have to mathematically unless
we're taking that house back as well as
the US Senate you have no other choice
but to engage you reach out too much
though to work with us I don't think we
should be willing to concede for that
that's just my that's my take I'm tired
of the let's let's work together while
they're punching us in the face over and
over again that I agree well I'd be
willing to reach across the aisle and
work with them once they show that
they're actually genuine in working with
us when they're in a position of power
and they have not showed that at all
that's true so let's sorry I put three
four five explanation points that's why
I've always argued that we cannot be on
the sidelines we have to be on the
frontlines and even if we're in the
minority mathematically you cannot
succumb to mentality of defeat that that
we can still exercise power even if we
don't have that raw political power in
Washington DC because I tell you what it
doesn't stop the Republicans and all
whatsoever it doesn't stop them at all
whatsoever from you know moving forward
you know we had a Democratic president
in the White House and we didn't get
Merrick garland and that demonstrates to
you that they will exercise power and
that we're afraid to exercise power even
if we're in the minority so I don't
believe in negotiating against your own
interests even if you're in the minority
in a position the word you cannot
dictate the rules of the game and the
engagement rules but that being said
right now like I said earlier right now
we're engaged in a battle for the soul
of this country against a president what
right now all right I'm not sure how
much more time we have I don't want to
go over and anyway oh okay ten more
minutes okay great so that gives us a
little more time to discuss foreign
policy which is something that Dianne
Feinstein seems to be more of a
Republican on than a Democrat she has I
feel like there hasn't been a war that
she hasn't loved so I want to see how
you differ from senator Feinstein are
you guys similar in your foreign policy
ideas right now we are engaged in
multiple Wars we're still in Iraq we're
still in Afghanistan we are dealing with
a potential threat from North Korea
which at the moment to trumps credit
seems to have kind of subsided a little
bit but more importantly we're fighting
a proxy war in Yemen where we are with
the saudi-led coalition we're helping
them with Intel we're helping them with
weapons and about 60,000 civilians have
been killed in that war in Yemen there's
a famine there I don't hear senator
Feinstein speaking out against that I
don't hear her speaking out against the
unlimited money we seem to give these
private military contractors how do you
differ from senator Feinstein on this
issue let me say this my foreign policy
is not driven by the defense and
industrial complex I'm not looking to
bomb other countries you know that we
shouldn't be driven that way when you
vote for war the consequences are real
we're talking about American lives we're
talking about other lives
and we're talking about American
taxpayer dollars because we have we have
mothers and fathers will never see their
children again we have mothers and
daughters who will never ever see their
mothers and fathers again we have been
in Afghanistan and Iraq for 17 years of
15 years respectively that region has
not been safer it is not more stable it
is more unstable than it was before
Washington made a decision to send our
men and women into those wars without a
plan
to get them out and I think that's
highly irresponsible of this American
government regardless of democrat or
republican we have spent to date not one
not two not three four not five but six
six trillion dollars on two wars that
have made us less safe and more unstable
six trillion dollars we should have
spent on Medicare for all debt free
college education clean energy finding a
cure for Parkinson's for Alzheimer's for
varying cancer for breast cancer
investing in Americans that's why we
should have spent our money that's why
our values and priorities are upside
down and those who hold positions of
power make consequential decisions that
impact all of us and the issue with
regards to Yemen we need to get out of
the business of selling weapons to the
Saudis we should get out of the business
of selling weapons to the Saudis we got
a proxy war going on between the Saudis
and the Iranians right now
and you have young children who are
dying in Yemen you're many children who
are dying or being bombed with American
weapons the famine would has taken place
the issue of climate change in Syria
and other parts of the Middle East as
well as other parts of the world we have
lot large mass migration movements you
have folks going into Italy you're going
into France into Spain you have the rise
of fascism happening in parts of Europe
right now it's anti-immigrant animates
the neo-nazis you know rebirth or
resurgence not just in America but
obviously in parts of Europe and
elsewhere and so what I'm looking right
now is I'm looking to invest in the
national security in that states America
which is each and every one of you it is
the American people are our residents
our immigrant families and guess what on
the issue of Foreign Affairs with
regards to Latin America there's a
reason why we have large migration
patterns within our own Western
Hemisphere because we
Central American countries or we had
proxy wars in Central America and
whether your Salvadorian whether your
water Mallen whether your knee cannot
wait and say you know whatever your
front whatever country you're from
we've had these proxy wars because we
never built or helped build strong
democratic institutions judicial
executive legislative where people have
no desire perhaps to be a tourist to
come to America but why would they want
to come here remember when Trump made
the comment with regards to that we need
more Norwegians in the United States of
America how many folks know any
Norwegians ok a handful how many folks
no Mexicans how many folks know Central
Americans how many folks know Chinese
there you go
you see there is a reason why because
Norway's quality life is as high as it
gets health care education the
environments there's no desire to
migrate from a Scandinavian country like
Sweden or Norway or Finland to come to
the United States of America and it's
not a critique of our own nation but
they got it pretty good over there
there's no Norwegians coming here but
because of our involvement in our failed
foreign policy with the impacts are have
a negative consequence on United States
and we as elected officials have to step
up and resolve this issue by bringing
folks together not dividing groups and
not pitting one group against another
and saying you unemployed you lost their
house you lost your job you lost
everything because of those individuals
and the way they look and the way they
speak that just tears that the fabric of
who we are as a great country I mean I
feel like some of these Scandinavian
countries need to watch out because if
things continue the way that they have
been in the United States they're gonna
be dealing with an influx of American
refugees and when I say that you know
I'm specifically talking about a number
of policies that have failed in the
United States this is not just about
Trump this has been about decades of
failed policy when it comes to our
health care
failed policy when it comes to our
education failed policy when it comes to
reinvesting hard-earned taxpayer money
into the American people I want to see
that happen I want to see Americans live
better lives regardless of their you
know their nationality regardless of
their political ideology we're not
seeing that right now we're not seeing
our hard-earned money going back to us
to improve our lives to create
opportunities and as as a progressive I
just want to be clear about one thing
that gets misconstrued on the right time
and time again the issue of equality of
outcomes no one's asking for an equality
of outcome we're asking for an equality
of opportunity something that's been
snatched away from us as American people
of all backgrounds yep you know you hit
it right on the dot listen I've been
campaigning up and down the state of
California I've been campaigning with
everybody like I said I don't care if
you voted for Trump Bernie or Hillary
Clinton because at the end of the day
you want a good quality of life you want
to be able to do to to to put a roof
over your child's head you want to
access a high wage paying job Health
Care's health care health care's health
care we're the only country in the world
that politicizes health care medicare
for all single-payer public option it's
become politicized left right it's
ridiculous you want to make sure that
you have a health care coverage period
that you won't be bankrupted a period
that if you lose your job guess what
you're not fearful that oh my god you
know I can't have that surgery because
it's Matassa tumors metastasizing I
gotta stay where I'm at because if not I
lose my health care coverage you know it
impacts the left and the right everybody
across the board
saalu bless you you know so what we move
policies it is to improve the human
condition for everybody it's not like
just progressives who live in LA and San
Francisco and are the only ones who get
a benefit that's ridiculous and we know
that we want to help folks and guess
what the policies that we believe in
actually impact Morpho
who actually in some ways voted for
Donald Trump who live in areas where
there's high poverty high there's high
unemployment there is low educational
attainment rates there's air quality
issues health care issues obesity issues
type 2 diabetes issues the policies that
we move will impact in a very positive
way the human condition for Trump
supporters as well too that's why I
think that our message is the right
message so I know you really want to ask
a question we're not taking questions we
got to wrap up this discussion but
you need to be specific why should I see
divisive to California okay so her
concern is her concern has everything to
do with immigration policy okay I think
one thing that needs to be taken into
consideration is that the undocumented
immigrants that you're complaining about
at this very moment are the people who
are paying state taxes in California but
still do not have any of the benefits
that people in California get one other
thing they're paying billions of dollars
a year billions of dollars a year into
our Social Security system and they
never get to see a dollar of that money
so before you guys start talking about
how the undocumented immigrants are the
real problem think about how they would
negatively impact our economy especially
in California if we were supposed to if
we're supposed to deport all of them and
shut our borders and not allow anyone in
I think that we really underestimate how
much undocumented immigrants actually
provide our economy and our country so
and in terms of the African American
community we need better opportunities
for them yes
yes we need better opportunities for
them and if you think the Trump
administration and all these guys
walking around their red hats are
looking out for you you're wrong you're
wrong
they don't care about you they never
have a name ever will
thank you so much for this discussion
senator Kevin thank you very much sir
lively discuss outfit said thank you
very much all right thank you
