hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt donald trump at this rallies he
tends to deliver the same message sort
of over and over it's a little bit
practice he doesn't have know it's but
it's sort of the same script but that
doesn't mean that at various points
doesn't have a little bit of trouble
expressing his thoughts and you're gonna
see that demonstrated right here
the latest act of resistors is the op-ed
published in the failing New York Times
by an anomalous really an anomalous
debtless coward
you just look I don't know what that was
but but it's impossible to not I mean so
in another part of this speech he said
you know they say that I don't have the
mental capacity okay first of all I
wouldn't be talking about that okay and
he says how could they say that
I'll give all these speeches he said
under Fox News interview before one of
the rallies he said I'll give all these
speeches and people could see I start
talk for an hour straight I know we did
see when you say a mama miss who don't
know how to say anonymous well you're
not really proving your case that you're
in a wonderful medical state doesn't
seem like it is Exhibit A I would argue
that it's in the opposite direction and
he never got it like those people go an
ominous I mean this is a tough word
Anonymous but he was just like I'm just
gonna go on and not acknowledge any both
videos that we have seen so far he just
starts saying these words so many words
I don't understand what must be going
through the mind of most people in the
audience is it it's almost like they're
listening to him going like no you got
it buddy you'll get there eventually
got it I know you thought we when you
say these two people from the Democrat
Republican the opposite they just I
don't know well hello found someone who
didn't show their face I've been very
frustrated the few times that I do tune
into these rallies that when he says
something crazy you don't see a reaction
behind him because we don't see most
people in the crowd the only people we
see are the people standing behind him
and generally they love it it doesn't
matter what he says how crazy it is how
rambling is is a mom honestly it doesn't
matter but not last night where there
was actually an individual behind him
who was not having who I personally
believe might be the resistor inside the
White House but anyway here he is you'll
notice his face pretty immediately an
enormous really an anomalous gutless
coward seriously people that don't
exactly dig us and they don't exactly
like me they're fighting for us it's an
incredible it's actually a beautiful
thing we've picked up a lot of support
because at some point this whole thing
is going to be exposed other countries
by the way are not doing well at all and
had I not won we would have been in
negative we wouldn't be at 4.2 we would
have been in negative numbers we were
going down and the tax cuts we freed up
our country and it's great to watch
I mean okay tell me is raising your
taxes like supposed to be a popular
thing to do because what's going on they
have been driven ever an economy like we
have wait nobody's ever had this economy
so hopefully you're gonna remember that
where we took that horrible Iran deal
and we terminated it and you look at
what's going on we're respected again as
a nation as Brooke knows the thing about
it most getting out of the Iran deal so
they had him removed for making funny
face I actually thought that was mugs I
saw the headline right and I thought he
was gonna be doing a Trump imitation in
the background no economy no he was just
like making tiny little face well
there's one point where Trump starts
talking about how it was harder for him
to win the electoral college than it is
for someone to win the popular vote and
the guy behind him literally just goes
what doesn't make any sense yeah so then
they do and when they bring someone out
to replace him it is amazing it is just
like someone John's out and like he just
kind of looks and see someone
approaching him and he kind of knows the
jig's up and then he walks off to the
side but then they replace the two
people standing next to him the
infection had spread yeah yeah yeah I'm
offended that blacks for Trump are not
represented because diamond and silk
would never
maybe they though the two people nice or
like like diamond insult just go like
this guy absolutely was like I'm going
to see if I can get right behind Trump
the whole way into perfect yeah well
they must not have their extreme vetting
in place but yeah I just
or cuz I love the alternative the
alternative is more funny he's like oh
this Trump guy seems pretty great and
then he actually this is the first time
he's
hmm he's like oh my god he's lost he's
the last American who could change their
mind politically he's a card so what's
this guy about he's like I came in here
believing that the cue of mom was right
most people don't know about imam honest
it's it's women who have kids and her
hackers but yeah he really mispronounced
anonymous he actually was trying to say
aneurysm two easy ways for young turks
one is hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
