on the third day of the Brett Kavanaugh
Supreme Court hearings there was some
drama some you know there was a tiff if
you want to call it that by Cory Booker
and Republican senators and this was all
over the issue of committee confidential
documents that Democrats essentially
forced the release of now these
committee confidential documents are
only available or supposed to only be
available to the senators who are
participating in these hearings who will
vote on whether or not to confirm Brett
Kavanaugh and the argument from
Republicans is look these are
confidential documents because they're
protecting the identities of certain
individuals and just releasing them is
irresponsible but Cory Booker was among
one of the Democratic Senate US senators
who wanted to make a point about
releasing it to show who Brett Kavanaugh
really is now there are no winners in my
opinion to this story and I'll explain
why in just a minute but before I do
let's talk about what Booker did and
what he wanted to talk about now he
released a document an email and spoke
openly spoke about an email that
Cavanaugh had written back in 2003 and
it had to do with racial discrimination
it was a question about the amount of
liability the federal government has in
discrimination cases if they are accused
of privately discriminating against
people what is the responsibility of the
government what are they liable for and
it appeared that based on this email
Brett Kavanaugh sided with not holding
the government responsible okay to which
I say by the way of course he is against
affirmative action so I don't think it's
really breaking news but it is annoying
of course when he says from he political
opinions I don't have any political
opinions that's preposterous or if I do
I'm going to set them aside
none of the Supreme Court justices put
their political opinions aside it's a
total lie now let's go to the first
video here is Cory Booker openly
speaking about a committee confidential
document no Senate rule accounts for
Bill Burke's partisan review of the
documents
no Senate rule and no history the Senate
accounts for what is going on right now
senator Cornyn actually made a very good
point I knowingly violated the rules
that were put forth and I'm told that
the committee confidential rules have
knowing confident consequences and so
sir I come from a long line as all of us
do as Americans and understand what that
that kind of civil disobedience is and I
understand the consequences so I am
right now before your before your
process is finished I'm going to release
the email about racial profiling and I
understand that that the penalty comes
with potential outs ting from the Senate
and if senator Cornyn believes that I
violate Senate rules I I openly invite
and accept the consequences of my team
releasing that email right now and I'm
releasing it to expose at number one the
emails are being withheld from the
public have nothing to do with national
security nothing to jeopardize the
sanctity of those ideals that I hold
dear yeah yeah Cory Booker takes a good
point and makes it unbearable yeah he
really does um so let's talk about the
good point first and and I want to thank
him for highlighting it because I'm
trying to get past this political speak
to get to the core of the issue so
problem number one is you're supposed to
get all this information from the
National Archives but that takes a while
so the Republicans want to rush Kavanagh
through before the elections in case
they lose the Senate so they don't want
to go through a regular process they're
like we're not gonna let the archives do
it so but we'll give you some of his
emails and documents well who's gonna
give it to a bush attorney is because he
worked for Bush well that's not fair
that's not the regular way of doing it
so you have a partisan attorney for
george w bush deciding whether the
partisan Cavanagh this emails which ones
he'll share with the public that's
clearly not the correct way and then on
top of that they then say okay some of
you in the Senate can see it but we're
gonna declare it a matter of national
security so the public can't see it but
now the Democrats have released some of
the emails you see they had absolutely
nothing to do with national security
they
to do with affirmative action how we're
going to treat native people of Hawaii
etc and they all had to grow versus Wade
political issues that they were just
embarrassed by and they didn't want the
public to have so his book a right to
release them absolutely because the
Republicans are the ones that broke the
rules in the first place
now the unbearable part is I am doing
civil disobedience here and I am willing
to be ousted from the Senate you know
they're not gonna ask you from the
Senate and they're not gonna bother
doing any of that it's a way of him
appearing to be strong without actually
being strong and that's the reason why
it rubbed me the wrong way so look I
think if it was coming from a genuine
fighter within the Senate a real you
know progressive within the Senate and
and there they were doing this not for
political theater but because they're
you know a person of convictions and all
that then I would have a completely
different perspective on this but Corey
book really you're trying to pretend
like you're a tough guy that you're
strong where were you when there was the
obstruction of Merrick Garland's
confirmation hearings like where were
you there like you didn't have any
strong words there he might have said a
thing or two but he wasn't a fighter
then where were you when it came to
fighting for affordable prescription
drugs for your voters your constituents
the American people he's not a fighter
and what he's doing is setting the stage
for his presidential run and it's so
like depressingly transparent and so
he'll take and by the way one other
thing look I know that social Irish
issues are important there's no doubt
racial discrimination especially right
now in the current climate that we're
living in is important but this is
exactly what Democrats keep latching
onto because they don't want to talk
about corporate corruption right yeah
they just want to focus on the social
issues and distract us from how everyone
is getting screwed over right the
corruption in politics right now is
impacting everyone black white asian men
women all of us are suffering from it
but they don't want to talk about it
because they're exploiting that system
they like that system ninety-three
percent of Americans believe that the
politicians represent their donors are
not their voters they hate Citizens
United
this guy's massively in favor of
citizens you
in fact in a one of his decisions that
they barely touched on he thought you
know in sorry and some of the emails I
should say not a decision he talked
about how there should be more money in
politics and that these corporations
should be able to give more directly to
politicians now that's the thing that
they should spend a whole day on because
the American people hate that corruption
but since a lot of these folks take the
same money they let them off the hook on
the most important issue and by the way
so you guys can judge for yourself at
home this is what we try to do is give
you a sense of being able to do it on
your own how do you know if someone's
actually being bold when both parties
come out against them okay so when
Elizabeth Warren attacks the big bankers
you'll see the Democrats also be like
hey come on now hey whoa right okay and
that's when you know that they're
actually doing something against the
establishment and for the American
people if Bernie Sanders says no I'm not
voting for the war right when Barbara
Lee says I'm not voting for the
Afghanistan war I'm not voting to
authorize warrantless surveillance
that's when both parties like hey
Barbara what are you doing come on
that's what you know they're actually
doing civil disobedience or doing an act
of courage this is theater so let's go
to Senator Cornyn he is angry that
Booker has taken this confidential
information and made a public take a
look he's right running for president is
no excuse for violating the rules of the
Senate or of the confidentiality of the
documents that we that we are privy to
and I hope that the senator will
reconsider his decision because no
Senator deserves to sit on this
committee or serve in the Senate in my
view if they decide to be a law unto
themselves and willingly flout the rules
of the Senate and the determination of
confidentiality and classification that
is irresponsible and conduct unbecoming
a senator so Booker wants the
Republicans to attack him because that
also helps his presidential credentials
he's like I'll remember when all the
Republicans attacked me and I was bold
in my fight back against them and I'm
amused by corner's hypocrisy there
then you would be a lawn to yourself and
that's not accept what do you think
Trump's exactly come on that's why I say
there's no winner in this story okay so
let's go to one more video
Booker kind of responding to these
threats by coordinate their very serious
charges that were made against me by my
colleague from Texas I don't know if
they were a political bluster or sincere
feelings if what he said was sincere
there actually are Senate rules
governing the behavior of senators if he
feels that I and now my fellow
colleagues who are with me have violated
those rules if he is not a tempest in a
teapot but sincerely believes that then
bring the charges go through the Senate
process to take on somebody that you
said is unbecoming to be a senator let's
go through that process and I'm ready to
accept the full responsibility for what
I have done the consequences for what I
am done and I stand by the public's
right to have access to this document
and know this nominees views on issues
are so profoundly important like race in
the law torture and other issues any
senator officer or employee of the
Senate who shall disclose the secret or
confidential business or proceedings of
the Senate including the business and
proceedings of the committees
subcommittees and offices of the Senate
shall be liable if a senator to suffer
expulsion from the body and if an
officer or employee to dismissal from
the service of the Senate and a
punishment or contempt
so I wearing a I would correct the
Senators statement there is no rule
there is clearly a rule that applies
even applies we're men and bring the
charges I the false bravado and you know
that he and his staffers planned that
line bring it
uh okay your your no Kurt Russell and
tombstone okay look Booker thinks as a
political win-win either it seems like a
tough guy and the Republicans don't
pursue because they're not going to
nobody wants to waste that time right or
they do pursue him and that's an even
bigger
for him because he's like you see this I
am standing up to all the Republicans I
am the resistance I released one email
okay
whatever so look I I'm torn on it
because I'm glad he released the email
and I want to give him credit for that
you should always give him credit for
that
yeah right but it's also important to
talk about intentions and are his
intentions genuine maybe maybe but
there's also an ulterior motive and it's
our job to be honest with you guys about
that it's like during the 2016 election
and now martin o'malley's positions were
not so bad when he was running for
president but he was so such an
obviously fake politician he I would
tell you ahead of time as we watch the
debates together he's gonna take off his
jacket he would take off his jacket he's
gonna roll up his sleeves he would roll
up his sleeves why because I know that's
what consultants tell you to do so
everything Booker just did reeks of
political calculation and it's just we
had that's our job to tell you that at
the same time
great wonderful that he released the
emails because he should have and the
Republicans are dead wrong on this two
easy ways to follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
