hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt twitter was the one social
media platform that held out on alex
jones they decided or even with a little
suspension we're not gonna ban the guy
but today twitter has decided alex jones
has got to go now they may want to go to
space okay apparently you will so here's
the thing for everyone who's freaking
out because they want to protect Alex
Jones a I don't get you but be
understand that on all of these
platforms where it has been decided that
Alex Jones needs to be banned it's not
like he made one offence and they're
gone you're gone no it was one offense
after the other after the other and
Twitter happened to be the one that gave
him the most chances but he kept doing
the wrong things going against their
Terms of Service and all that so let me
give you the details so the company said
it had permanently suspended accounts
associated with Jones and Infowars after
numerous complaints that they violated
its Terms of Service prohibiting
repeated abusive behavior so Twitter
specifically mentioned you know content
that was inciting violence which is
something that no private company is
legally forced to protect and by the way
the federal government wouldn't protect
that kind of speech are not allowed to
incite violence and so an info Wars
video posted on Twitter of Alex Jones
berating CNN reporter Oliver Darcy was
the final violation of the company's
terms so we actually have that video for
you let's take a quick look at that
look at those eyes
you wanna see the eyes of a rat the
anonymous urgency just look at the
camera look at those eyes look at that
slobbering to the system and the
criminals at CNN all their warmongering
and death all their fake news and then
running around trying to police the
Internet just look at this guy's eyes
that is who will rule your life human
people like Stelter that is who want to
look at that smile look I mean he's even
more evil you don't even respond because
we're just scum you stood there seeing
them with no viewers no followers
everyone can't stand you and no matter
you can shut everyone down on earth no
one will like you you don't you are a
dishonorable liar who would never even
dare have me in your little tiny shows
when you install to call me a virus you
are a virus to America and freedom you
are authoritarianism just look in those
eyes The Hunger the hunger nesting was
the first The Hunger to the scene look
at that person
must be incredibly empty person
yeah you are the definition of a father
you're the definition of a fraud you are
a charlatan that goes our non lying
about people to destroy the first time
yes you are a congenital liar
usually pulling like a Hitler huge thing
put on the front line stop the advance
of the Allies you engage them
racketeering trying to shut down real
news real information folks if you don't
start running your lives on it you think
we don't know apparently you don't know
a thing or two because that just got
your band so look the problem Alex Jones
is not that he's conservative there's a
million conservatives on Twitter have
you ever been on Twitter there right now
raging as we speak say all sorts of
outrageous atrocious things go
I can't believe Twitter bans
conservatives I hate the Lib tardes and
yada yada well but you're not banned so
it's not about opinions so look you you
can argue whether that that video alone
should get him a permanent ban I would
probably say no not on that alone I know
I know but that's what I'm saying
it's not that alone at Twitter there's a
I think a pretty decent theory that Jack
Dorsey is actually conservative that's
why he wouldn't ban Alec shows for a
long time it Twitter seems to be way
more conservative than than other
outlets is that I don't know I don't
know the guy's personal politics I care
about what is he doing the right thing
or the wrong thing and and I get even no
putting aside his politics I get that he
wants Twitter to be an open forum and I
get that it's a hard question and in
that video what's wrong
so if he says that CNN is liar is a
senator that's not an issue at all but
he's targeting this one guy and he said
instead of having a debate about the
issues or what CNN is doing wrong sub
simply and you can even get excited and
say some harsh words in that context I
don't have any problem with that either
but he's saying he's evil he's a rat
he's you know he mentioned Hitler Youth
in there and he keeps showing his face
and and this is what Alex does on a
regular basis like this is the enemy you
guys all might crazed like literally the
most
people on the planet this is your target
he's trying to control your lives are
you gonna let him that's dangerous talk
man and if you can't see that that's
dangerous well that's that's why you're
not getting it so he doesn't have to say
execute the guy he doesn't have to say
hurt him make sure that you physically
you know damage him but what he says
he's evil he's the rat he's the one
trying to control you
that's egging people on the violence
it's super obvious and Alex Jones really
hates brian Stelter like hates brian
Stelter it's interesting like he
mentioned brian Stelter and that weird
rant and i know you have a lot to say
about that but let me just make one
point that's not related to Alex Jones
so that CNN reporter Darcy is his name
Oliver Darcy I mean if you could take
his calmness and put it in a pill I
would buy that pill like I'm jealous of
how calm he is because as you guys know
I would not have remained as caller yeah
well in a confrontation like that well
we had a conversation with him and we
did not remain that guy yeah so look I
criticize CNN all the time
I forget whether I've criticized Oliver
Darcy but I probably have I don't know
and and that's okay that's the back and
forth and and and in my opinion CNN
criticizes progressives non-stop and
they might not even know it
but their framing is all the
progressives are unrealistic and
impractical and you know in my opinion
they do smears that were they the
framing of the questions to Bernie
Sanders hey are you like Castro and
Venezuela and the last list goes on and
on that doesn't mean that I think Oliver
Darcy is a rat that's crazy talk or that
he's evil what does that mean or they
were youth no that's total madness
doesn't make any sense and I don't know
what Oliver's ethnicity is and nor do I
care but but Alex Jones is obsessed with
that there he is the original brian
Stelter attack began with him comparing
him to Michael Wolfe and Michael Wolfe
is Jewish and and and he did every
anti-semitic stereotype and trope
against Michael Wolfe and then he
transferred under brian Stelter
I had to look it up because I don't know
what Brian is no why would I care right
but it turns out Brian's not even Jewish
but I think that Alex Jones thought he
was because he's like he's gonna drink
your kids blood oh that's like it's
that's called blood libel that's why
they did the pogroms even before the
holocaust against the Jews because there
was in Europe they spread the the myth
that the Jews jank Christian kids Bloods
okay and he said brian Stelter not only
controls the media but he controls the
banks why would a host of CNN control
the banks it's clearly anti-semitic so I
don't know what Oliver Darcy is and I
don't know what's in Alec shows crazy
head but it seems like he's using some
same kind of tropes against Oliver Darcy
that's why it's dangerous when you start
using the same you know attacks that the
Nazis use against Jews in the past and
if you can't see that that's dangerous
then there's something wrong with you
yeah he needs to get help like you know
politics and all that other stuff aside
he is not well and we've talked about
that before I think it's pretty clear
people who are close to him are saying
it as well he needs to get help he just
does get off the social media get off of
whatever it is you're doing right now
get some help and the last thing is he
pulled a trump he burned every Bridge he
alienated every ally made no rational
points and so when he Italian Marco
Rubio yesterday I was like okay well now
you got no Republican allies okay you
never had any Democratic allies you know
what's gonna happen soon you know look
around and you're gonna be the only one
left and and some and Jack Dorsey was
the last one to press the button and
Alex fell in and he's now screaming I'm
badly burned someone help me right but
ain't nobody coming to help you this
clowns thought that hey if I get banned
from all the platforms of life C Drive
people with my some website and it'll
help they did an analysis of that new
traffic way down is a disastrous idea
too easy wasteful young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
