hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt the Department of Justice has
announced charges for a North Korean
individual who was who played a big role
in the Sony hack that took place back in
2014 now I'm gonna give you the details
of what that hack consisted of and some
of the ramifications on an international
scale in just a moment but first let me
tell you who the suspect is his name is
park jin hyuk and he was charged with
computer fraud and wire fraud he was
part of the attacks on film companies
and distributors including Sony Pictures
financial institutions and defense
contractors now to be clear North Korea
of course did target the United States
but it also targeted financial
institutions throughout the world they
targeted the central bank in Bangladesh
and stole millions of dollars while
doing so and so these are serious
charges and there was of course
suspicion that North Korea was behind
these hacks and now it appears that they
have a specific individual that they're
going after now he was also accused of
being part of the development of the
wanna cry 2.0 ransomware attack that
infected hundreds of thousands of
computers worldwide and also crippled
the British healthcare system last year
so this virus would essentially take the
data take the websites associated with
various organizations hostage and would
demand a ransom and a lot of these
institutions actually did end up paying
the ransom because they were desperate
to get their data back so North Korea's
version of the CIA called the
reconnaissance general Bureau apparently
also involved and one of the things they
did was they ripped off the Bangladeshi
central bank
man I mean it's in a sense a funny thing
to do but I guess since North Korea is a
thuggish criminal country to begin with
I guess we shouldn't be surprised and
they don't have a lot of money so they
literally hacked into the Central Bank
of Bangladesh and robbed them millions
of dollars yeah and so now are we we're
gonna get our hands on Parchin yoke of
course not he's in North Korea but this
is our way of saying we know it was you
to the North Korean government and we
even trace it to this specific person so
we're on to you now would have been nice
to be on to them ahead of time and we
seem to be constantly behind the North
Koreans the Russians etc so it gives you
a sense of the depths of of how bad the
North Korean government is like they
don't they don't care they don't care
about their own citizens they don't care
about anybody else and and petty so
that's no wonder Trump and Kim gentlemen
get along so well because they hacked in
the Sony cuz they made a movie that made
fun of them right so so the interview
was the movie that Sony Pictures was
releasing and in the movie there's an
assassination I believe of the North
Korean dictator and so yeah Kim Jong
moon is like any other dictator very
thin-skinned egomaniac he sees that
doesn't like it he gets his cronies to
attack Sony but I would argue look North
Korea acting as a bad actor is
unsurprising we already knew that I
think the heart of this story and what I
think a lot of people refuse to focus on
is how insanely vulnerable the United
States is to these types of cyber
attacks because this wasn't just about
Sony Pictures it was about financial
institutions it was about banks it was
about hospitals I mean we really need to
consider the cyber warfare that could be
used against us in the future also what
I find amazing and this is yet another
example of the lack of communication and
the level of incompetence within the
Trump administration according to the
New York Times hours before the Justice
Department was set to act meaning before
they announced these charges and all
that stuff
President Trump seemed to
raise north korean leader kim jeong-hoon
saying on Twitter that he proclaims
unwavering faith in president Trump
thank you to chairman Kim we will get it
done together what are you talking about
I mean he's just he's so stupid look
that tweet just proves all you need to
do regardless of who you are and how
terrible you've been to the United
States all you need to do is compliment
Trump and he will do whatever you you
need him to do the Justice Department
comes to the president says we found the
criminals who have been infiltrating the
United States and they didn't just
attack Sony they attacked so many
different parts here and and parts of
the damage we don't know do you know
that later to Anna's point about how
vulnerable where the office of personal
management in the US government was
hacked into the White House email system
was hacked into and the IRS was hacked
into we don't know for sure that was the
North Koreans but this is obviously a
very serious issue and when the just
apartment was asked by reporters did you
tell the president cuz it's curious that
right before you released it he's like
oh that North Koreans are awesome right
they said that it was just Department
said it was standard practice to brief
relevant parts of the executive branch
in other words yeah of course we told
them and and by the way maybe that's why
Trump tweeted that because he wanted Kim
jong-un to know hey listen don't worry
what about about my stupid Justice
Department and their stupid rule of law
I don't like him either I was also
investigating me I'm on your side
brother so look I was I was super
curious about that because it it seemed
as though that tweet toward Kim Jong
moon came out of nowhere
right why tweet that amongst all this
chaos and it turns out that Kim jong-un
did say some nice things about Trump
recently and Trump reacts to that he
reacts favorably to that yeah that's
that's the thing that he quoted in there
saying the day that he kim jong hoon has
unwavering faith in Trump Trump's I mean
like he oh they're criminals who cares
so what he said he is unwavering faith
in me the dictator likes me yay okay
don't worry about our justice Foreman
well break our laws and hack into
anything you like don't worry about
as long as you complement me God he's
such an idiot the last thing is guys I
take one more thing away from the story
that's deeply disconcerting
I thought North Korea has very very
little chance of ever developing nukes
and getting the technology to be able to
deliver those nukes to the US right so I
didn't think we were in real danger from
North Korea now I think South Korea and
Japan are in massive danger from North
Korea so that's why I really don't want
a war there in under any almost any
circumstance but this is disconcerting
man I when they did the Sony hack and
and the FBI said that it was likely them
I didn't believe it like North Korea I
talked to a North Korean defector once
she once she got to the South Korean
Airport
she started stuffing the toilet paper
under her bags because she couldn't
believe they had by accident left out
all this valuable tissue that's the
state of North Korea it is disastrous
and I thought there's no way they're
sophisticated enough to be able to do
that hack but it turns out they are and
we keep testing those missiles over and
over again so as their country is
starving by the way another thing that
he shares with Trump as our wages
stagnate Trump's like let's spend more
on defense Kim jong-un agrees they're
developing sophisticated technology for
their missiles and for their cyber
attacks so now I'm a little bit more
worried about North Korea and they
continue they're testing their nukes
while the idiot Donald Trump says oh no
they're fine we ended their nuclear
program everything's fine so yeah look
the biggest mistake you can make in
every facet of life is to underestimate
people don't underestimate the North
Koreans what they've done with the cyber
warfare is serious two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
