so we're doing a membership drive of The
Young Turks and one of the things we
wanted to let all of you knows all the
shows that you get as part of the TYT
Network and so you guys know you could
do $4.99 you get all these shows
basically a progressive Netflix at ten
bucks you become an activist you get
extra privileges and also help support
independent media so here the shows that
you get as part of your membership Young
Turks you get the whole show anytime you
want without ads okay so that's two
hours anytime you want to watch it
aggressive progressive same thing you
get the whole show that nobody else gets
you get old school all that is the ho
shows are only four members postgame
that almost none of that ever goes out
to the public whole show again just
remembers this TYT die comes let's join
obviously then you got rebel
headquarters reporting in breakdown TYT
interviews to RT special coverage that's
all the election nights one the members
make that possible to you could watch it
anytime you want if you've got the app
you can watch it later etc TYT sports is
also in there and then I want to tell
you about our podcasting Network all of
these are for $4.99 you get the podcast
to damage report by John iadarola we the
people with Nina Turner mouthy messy
mandatory to ratio a happy half-hour
with brett erlich the jimmy dore show
and of course the legendary hashtag no
filter with ana kasparian
it is pretty legendary so that is a hell
of a lot of progressive shows that'll
keep you busy for as long as you need it
for what we think is a very very
reasonable price and you get to have
this as a progressive bulwark the Homa
progressives that cannot be shaken if
we're dependent on you alone so t
y-t-dot-com slash join and anti here we
got a couple of nice comments so as part
of the strive we will be reading some
tweets and some comments that are coming
in from some of our new members and i
love reading these because they honestly
keep me going through very difficult
news cycles and so let me read the first
comment this is from Sela face and cell
faith writes I've been watching T YT on
YouTube since the Bush era it's the only
way I like to watch and I was
never a member in all that time 12 years
now but that changed yesterday when I
became an activist what jinx said on the
clip I watched yesterday struck a chord
in me this really is the largest non
establishment media in existence and if
we lose this we lose everything
TYT must continue to exist and I want to
help make that happen thank you so much
2020 is coming and and who's gonna fight
for the progressive side whether it's
Bernie Sanders or another true
progressive whether it's all those just
Democrats in 2018 with the money to get
the dryer to get money out of politics
since we've been doing since 2011 was
through wolf pack etcetera we did all
that because we believe we're true
believers and so we want to fight for
you guys we hope that you want to fight
for us as well it's heartening to read
comments like that it's wonderful so one
more long tall 47:11 says just signed up
for the TYT activist package I've been
watching you guys for years love you to
pieces for the fair and well-rounded
coverage you give and it's worth it I
can't wait for my swag bag to show up
and watch all you rise to the top of all
news networks yes so the activists get a
swag bag too and you get all the TYT
gear and stuff so just you get the shows
you get all these extras and and
together we build home and progressives
I want to thank you guys so much for
participating and then and now let's
take a look we're trying to get to a
hundred thousand members that is an
audacious goal when we started a couple
of days ago and I said let's get to
30,000 immediately so over the last two
days we've added about well let's we
started at 27,000 661 right so getting
the 30,000 and a couple of days is near
impossible let's see where we are today
29,000 47 so we're past 29,000 okay okay
I think we can get there I really do
and and I actually think that that might
have been from earlier in the day so TYT
dot-com slice join and let's see we can
push past 30,000 right now we appreciate
all of your support and as part of all
this we continue to give you more and
more progressive content thank you two
easy ways for the Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
