joining me now is Senator Gustavo Rivera
he is a New York state senator from
district 33 and he is pushing for
single-payer in the state of New York so
this is very interesting a couple of new
studies out that seemed to help make his
case Senator Rivera welcome to rebel
headquarters it's a pleasure to be with
you Jagger all right good to be with you
so you're the ranking member of the New
York State Senate Health Committee so
you would know a thing or two about
healthy you fought for this since you
have arrived in the New York Senate so
what are the new studies out that that
you think help make your case for
single-payer in New York well the first
thing I'll say is that I am currently
the ranking member in the Health
Committee in the Senate it is the
expectation that based on the Blue Wave
that hopefully is coming in November
based on all the work that we're gonna
do then we're gonna have a majority in
the Senate in January which means that I
would be the chair of the Health
Committee in the Senate so it's the
first thing I'll point out but in
particular the study that you're
referring to the RAND Corporation which
nobody will identify as some left wing
right you know left wing think-tank
anywhere actually did a study which came
out just just about a month ago in which
they found and I know this is shocking
to some of your viewers but single-payer
is actually the most fiscally
conservative option for providing health
care for New Yorkers and ultimately what
it said and even while making some basic
some conservative assumptions about
about the system and we can go into what
those conservative assumptions were but
even with those conservative assumptions
it found that this is this having a
single-payer system in the state of New
York would provide better care for
everyone it would be accessible to
everyone it would be cheaper for over
95% of the of the people in New York
State and over time it would actually be
less expensive so again not a shock to
any of your listener or your viewers but
this was actually incredibly important
to make the case particularly some of
our Republican colleagues and other less
left-leaning Democrats that is something
that is fiscally necessary and it is
possible to do in the state of New York
and we need to do in the state of New
York so this is the second study in a
row that shows that it saves money now
obviously the first one was on a
national level
Koch brothers founded Marcus group that
that looked at Medicare for all across
the country and accidentally realized
that it would save a significant amount
of money oops that's exactly right
now this RAND Corporation is ran study
is more of a right-wing think-tank and
they also find out that it saves money I
think it's time that we start asking
Republicans and and by the way other
Democrats who oppose it is it realistic
and practical to keep a system that is
so damn expensive no it isn't it mean
the first thing and I this is a
something that I start with with my
Republican colleagues and I have some of
them that are that have been on the
fence about this for a bit so hopefully
when I'm in the majority next year I can
bring a few of them over in a vote for
the committee and on the floor but in
any event I always start with the moral
case and it is a very basic question I
asked my Republican colleagues and I
would ask anyone if there's a child who
is who has cancer and their parents
cannot afford health care that would
provide them the care that they need to
survive their cancer do you believe that
that child should die and if you do then
we have nothing to talk about
but if you believe that there is a basic
responsibility that we have to each
other seeing as we are all humans so we
will all get sick regardless of our age
gender color of our skin income or what
have you you need to establish a system
that would actually provide the most
equitable care and I should mention by
the way that the rand study that we're
talking about was specifically about
just a state of New York
obviously the Mercatus one that you're
referring to was something that was
around the nation but in either in
either case your point is an important
one the current system benefits health
health insurance companies and certainly
if you're wealthy you have access to the
best health care system in the world but
if you are not wealthy then you have to
just pray and hope that you get a job
that has good enough coverage or that
your insurance company chooses to pay
for what it is that your need to get
better so senator Rivera I actually have
never heard
and that's actually a terrific point I
mean it really is it's amazing that in
this country if you don't have insurance
or now but with the fake insurance
that's coming out under Trump where
you'll be denied if you have
pre-existing condition or you'll run
into a yearly limit and all those other
issues and your kid has cancer you're
gonna die that's not an emergency room
situation they will die from cancer
we're gonna let the kids die because we
live in this brutal brutal deeply
immoral system so I think that's a
stunning point about that now when it
comes to the fiscal issue so why does it
save money this study says that by 2031
it would save fifteen billion dollars
just in the state of New York which is
an amazing number so why why does it
save money well first of all you you
have to consider that you know the way
the health at any insurance works right
is you pool risk right so you make sure
that if we if there's ten people or if
there's a there's a hundred people and
all of them put a bit of money into the
pot and we only have to spend money on
five of them then the rest of those
ninety five are gonna cover those five
this is when we talk about for example
the young Invincibles right the whole
conversation that we had during the
Obamacare debate saying that we need
these young invincibles we need these
young people who are less likely to use
health insurance to buy into the system
so that it can actually maintain it for
those that are more in need of it so
that's number one that you spread out
the risk in the case of the New York a
fact in 20 million people in the state
of New York that's number one number two
you actually have added negotiating
power as a state of New York if you're
negotiating with insurance companies I'm
sorry with with drug companies you are
you are not negotiating on behalf of
just a group of people let's say you
know 1 million or two million people
that you ensure you're instead
negotiating for the entire state of New
York furthermore when you're talking
about providing care for everyone having
primary care there's many people
particularly if we're talking about
undocumented people and other uninsured
people they still get sick
what did they use for their primary care
the emergency room the most expensive
care so if you provide primary care
across the board then you will have a
lot of people who cost the system and a
lot of money right now who will instead
be able to control their diseases over a
longer period of time and lastly since
we're actually talking if we talk about
morbidity and mortality so we're talking
about getting making sure that more
people are are healthier and it will
stay healthier for longer all of that
costs a system less so for all of these
reasons this thing providing care to
everybody makes sense and again this
right-wing think tank so this very
clearly it would actually cost us less
money overall and be more equally
distributed as far as how it is funded
senator Rivera is you were talking I saw
the future and the future involves us
winning on all these issues so there's a
wave coming and New York Senate is
barely split there's an excellent we
could have a conversation about that
can't we yeah I know I know that's a
whole nother conversation but there's an
excellent chance Democrats are gonna
take it over after the next elections
and look sir we start ending the war on
drugs on a state-by-state basis we want
to engage civil rights and we're gonna
win on this too it's just a matter of
time because we're right we're right on
the money we're right on the morality so
I'm gonna ask one last real quick
question here it also says this system
would increase employment why oh it
would increase employment because less
people I mean what we're doing right now
what we do if the system is put into
place is that we would be replacing
premiums and out-of-pocket costs so that
money that would usually not be in
someone's pocket would be in someone's
pocket and then they would spend it it's
in the same way that when you raise the
minimum wage you actually have an impact
on the economy because you put more
money in the pockets of people who are
going to spend it so and by the way this
is not me some crazy liberal lefty from
New York saying it this is the rants
that rant study that that anybody can
read and you can go and they go into all
sorts of economic models that had then
make me a little bit confused when I
look at all the numbers but the bottom
line is clear they found that by 2022
and
even with their conservative assumptions
by 2022 there would be 220 thousand new
jobs that would be created so this is
about more spending power because more
normal individuals have more power have
more money in their pockets because
they're not spending it on out-of-pocket
costs and premiums so ultimately again
this is the most fiscally responsible
system that we can come up with and and
I'm hoping that next year when we are in
the majority and we will be in the
majority in the state Senate I will do
everything in my power to make sure that
we can move it one last thing I'll say
is that when you see I want you to look
at this face right now because when you
see this face in a grainy picture black
and white looking even fatter than I am
with a slow you know as a slow close up
in an ad by the insurance companies you
will know that we are winning they will
come for you but yes but I can't wait
but you'll have a lot of us behind you
Senator Gustavo Rivera thank you for
joining us and thank you for fighting
for things that's actually gonna make a
difference in people's lives it's a
pleasure to be here jack
