all right well the Young Turks Genki
Granicus pairing with you guys
big show ahead as usual especially in a
year of Donald Trump now normally I tell
you oh my god you gotta wait for a story
later in the program just the way the
the rhythm of the rundown which I
believe was a song back in the day
can you feel the rhythm of the rundown
no okay this I made that up okay okay so
sometimes it'll be the fourth story the
fifth story the a story wrong in today's
the first story so you're down to wait
much longer but before we get to that
just real quick you don't we're doing
this membership drive we launched it
yesterday you guys were incredible
bananas bonkers all those words that
need to be applied to you remember you
are bonkers and Ana did an outlandish
thing yesterday called for 30,000
subscribers by then in a day so first of
all let me just remind you the number of
subscribers we started with again this
is nuts we too are bonkers you're not
supposed to tell the number of
subscribers you have almost no company
does that publicly in at least at this
level of detail so let's see what we
started with yesterday when we started
the membership drive twenty seven
thousand six hundred and sixty one and
Ana said can we see thirty thousand by
that in a day well that's impossible
the overall goal of a hundred thousand
by the end of the year is impossible so
there's a lot of impossible things going
on but yesterday was unbelievable today
continues to be unbelievable so we
actually go more than a thousand but
thirty thousand the current number is
twenty eight thousand five hundred and
seven uh you know it's alright oh no for
everyone who signed up thank you
for everyone who's considering signing
up but hasn't made that leap yet I
believe in you yeah we believe in you
and you obviously believe in us so just
take that dive do it how's that for
incursion do it do it now okay no
seriously
uh I there's some chance we get to
thirty thousand I don't buy them the
days that mental I don't know
I might actually present a full story
doing the shoulder shimmy if that
happens I today I wouldn't be able to
solve it full shoulder shimmies story if
we can get it by today okay so no but in
all seriousness though guys and thank
you thank you for all that not just
joining up but all the kind words etc
now we're reading The Young Turks
members comments first and foremost in
the comment section and you do that on
the website on TYT comm obviously when
we're live you just there's a live
button you could press and and and
obviously be joined up t y-t-dot-com
slash join alright thank you now the
biggest story of the day yes
by the way don't undersell the rest of
the rundown no no okay no I know but I
look my job is to keep it real okay this
first story is amazing it is all right
the New York Times has just published an
op-ed and this op-ed was written by an
anonymous individual however this is
actually a senior Trump official now
because of obvious reasons this senior
Trump official has decided to not share
his or her most likely his identity okay
so look this op-ed does not look good
for Trump and this is not a former Trump
administration official this is a
current Trump senior official and here
is what he or she has to say
the dilemma which he meaning Trump does
not fully grasp is that many of the
senior officials in his own
administration are working diligently
from within to frustrate part of his
parts of his agenda and his worst
inclinations so that's an amazing
admission right there it's unprecedented
I've never seen anything like that where
an administration official says yes I am
inside the administration and working
against the wishes of the president
often times not all times he goes on to
clarify let's assume for for now that
it's a he because that is overwhelming
majority the people that work at the
White House that know what you have to
understand something there's a lot that
I'm proud of that we did in this
administration deregulation
cuts you get the picture right and and
so there definitely a Republican no
question you could tell from the way
they've written op-ed and how they brag
about free markets and and all the other
things but what they're saying is you
have to understand we're not opposed to
the President's agenda those of us who
were inside and it's not he says it's
not just him that there are many others
inside the white house they're not
opposed to the President's agenda at all
they're opposed to the president being
off the rails as he describes it and and
a danger to national security and
basically our form of government this
this confirms every single thing that
we've been telling you on The Young
Turks for the last two years now you can
choose not to believe anything you like
but New York Times isn't going to print
this article and possibly ruin that
reputation if this isn't a senior
administration official
it most certainly is this is a view from
inside the White House and it is
frightening the best way to summarize
this is by going to one line that stood
out to me the most in this entire op-ed
where this individual clearly stated
don't worry there are adults in the room
okay so let's get to the rest of this so
early on in this the Trump
administration official says you know
that there are of course people trying
to go against or work against or
mitigate his worst inclinations and he
says I would know I'm one of them so
he's clear in saying that he is part of
the resistance to Donald Trump within
his own administration to be clear ours
is not the popular resistance of the
left we want the administration to
succeed and think many of its policies
have already made America safer and more
prosperous agree to disagree on that
that's okay right so he continues the
president continues to act in a manner
that is detrimental to the health of our
Republic see that's really important and
that's another thing that we've been
emphasizing on this show hey hey people
say won't Mike Pence be worse than
Donald Trump because he's actually
competent might get more Republican
agenda passed into law now that's not
the point guys you're missing the point
the Donald Trump doesn't believe in
democracy
and as this guy talks about no he's like
in private - he loves dictators and he
just he would destroy our form of
government in our republic in a
heartbeat if he thought it was to his
slight advantage particularly financial
advantage so you're not getting the
severity of the situation
that is why there's this unprecedented
source within the white house going he's
a danger to the Republic we work with
him every day that is an unbelievable
statement danger to the Republic because
Donald Trump is now the president of the
United States and does not believe in
our form of government so there were
specifics noted in this op-ed but one of
the specifics that stood out to me
personally was the utter disdain this
particular person has for Trump's
policies on trade and that also
solidified it might be the credibility
of this person being in Trump's
administration we're talking about
Republicans who traditionally have loved
free trade hate the idea of tariffs and
then Trump comes in and he decides no
I'm gonna impose tariffs randomly and
sporadically and do so in a weirdly
retaliatory way and Republicans have
spoken out against it now in this case
there are members of administer his
administration who are lifelong
Republicans I would assume and they see
this they see Trump's policies and
they're speaking out against it and this
op-ed is no exception but I looked at I
want to be clear about something because
that example has two different
directions right on the one hand you're
clearly the guy is see that the guys
clearly conservative Republican etc on
the other hand if all of this was just
about hey I don't like Donald Trump's
proposals on free trade then I'd say
this guy is a traitor I mean that's a
strong language but and I don't mean to
the country but I would say yeah okay
you disagree with the president you're
not allowed to undermine him right the
hell out of the White House I don't want
him arrested or anything but I don't
care if Donald Trump is the most
conservative on the most right-wing guy
in the country if you just don't like
his policies then don't work with him I
need you to understand and his examples
clarify it is not about that it's not
about policy the guy is mentally
unstable he invokes the 24th amendment
something we've been telling you about
on the show
all the time I said it so many times
it's not about impeachment as much as it
is about the twenty-fourth amendment the
president is deeply unstable and to give
you an example of how unstable this
person thinks Trump is he writes the
root of the problem is the president's
immorality anyone who works with him
knows he is not moored to any
discernible first principles that guide
his decision-making so you know the his
morality is called into question which
is unsurprising for us but it is good to
hear it from someone who works closely
from with him anyone who works for the
Macy's has throughout knows he's
unstable immoral changed his mind all
the time so that reverence the first
principles is as a politician you are
supposed to theoretically have
principles now I think that that's
overrated I don't think a lot of them
have principles I think their principle
is who's signing my checks the donors
etc now having said that yes but they
pretend at least pretend to have
principles Here I am for this and I am
against that as he explains throughout
the article here he's like no no he
changed his mind on a minute-to-minute
basis there is no guiding principles for
Donald Trump the only thing is what's in
his childish stupid head at that moment
that's why even when they undermine his
policies he doesn't even realize they're
undermining his policies because he's
stupid too stupid to realize it right so
he also writes in addition to his mass
marketing of the notion that the press
is the enemy of the people presidents
Trump president Trump's impulses are
generally anti trade and anti-democratic
so the anti trade part that I was
referring to earlier was in that excerpt
but you know the anti-democratic part is
something that this person touched on
throughout the op-ed this is worry about
Trump's authoritarian nature this worry
about Trump having this affinity for
authoritarian leaders throughout the
world he continues to talk about some of
trumps successes but says that those
successes didn't happen because of Trump
those successes happened despite Trump
which I thought were some strong words
so he lists those successes by saying
you know effective deregulation historic
tax reform a more robust military and
more and then he says the successes have
come despite not because of
the president's leadership style which
is adversarial petty and ineffective so
that's all the things again we've been
telling you is you can see with your own
eyes he's clearly adversarial and some
people like that about him but the
question was is that part of a strategy
and and I told you for two straight
years any pundit on TV talking about
okay but Donald Trump did this because
of his strategy is that I'm like no you
don't know him at all I ignore anything
this person says because they're still
trying to pretend the Donald Trump was
smart and has strategy know here is a
senior administration officials saying
there ain't no strategy and he's wildly
ineffective he's just lashing about
because he's unintelligent a child
impetuous and yes your eyes are not
deceiving you ineffective the only thing
we ever get done is despite him not
because he has some sort of brilliant
strategy so there's more he writes about
what it's like to have meetings with
Trump and how disastrous they are
meetings with him
veer off topic and off the rails he
engages in repetitive rants which is
unsurprising and his impulsiveness
results in half-baked ill-informed and
occasionally reckless decisions that
have to be walked back so one thing that
I want to just quickly point out because
we've talked about it yesterday and I
think it's definitely related to this
op-ed that we're reading today Bob
Woodward's book is coming out soon and
you know multiple publications including
the Washington Post got an early copy of
it they reviewed it and reported
reported on some of the accusations
against Trump which by the way Woodward
is a renowned journalist he spoke to
administer current administration
officials former administration
officials and he's credible and so now
all of a sudden a day after the
reporting happens on that book you have
a senior Trump official coming out and
saying these things and what it's really
doing is reinforcing what Woodward has
written about in his book but more
importantly I think that this is a way
this is my speculation I feel like this
is a way of someone within the
administration trying to calm or ease
everyone's nerves but also maybe even
possibly trying to in the future clear
him
self of any possible wrong dude oh
absolutely yeah so but and they're
saying look remember we're the we were
the good guys trying to prevent this
madman from doing something absolutely
crazy don't hold us accountable for his
actions we're actually trying to
restrain him I'm gonna relate this the
game of Thrones in in a little bit but
before I do that two things on Woodward
and he's at this point fairly
establishment to say the least
right and so people talk to Woodward if
they're worried about something so the
Republicans are gonna go talk to
Woodward if they want to send a message
and the message that they're sending
from inside the White House is help help
SOS you do guys that are not inside the
White House have no idea how deeply
irrational impetuous and ineffective
Donald Trump is and how mentally
unstable he is we can't say it publicly
and finally after Woodward's book has
become public this guy comes on because
I'm just gonna say it I mean I can't if
I out myself I'll be fired right I don't
want to be fired I want to keep control
of the Mad King but but at this point I
gotta let you know the guy's lost his
mind we've got somebody in charge who
has no mind at all and that's what's
coming through here and last thing on
Woodward is remember he got famous
during Watergate they him and Bernstein
had the famous deep throat source inside
the Nixon White House
there's not one deep throat here there's
like dozens of deep throats so many
people inside the administration talked
about Woodward and we're like help help
you somebody get this guy out you guys
don't understand the severity of the
problem and I think part of it is a
genuine concern about the direction the
country's going in but I think part of
it is also the fact that Trump shows how
unbelievably disloyal he is to everyone
around him like he will shift people you
know at the slightest perception of
wrongdoing right and so Trump's made a
lot of enemies and one of the things
that I worry about jank is his base
because Trump has already planted a seed
of rigged elections media's enemy of the
people and if the Muller investigation
forward in the way that we suspect it's
gonna go forward I'm worried that his
base is gonna think that there was
collusion against Trump and that things
could get violent as a result of that so
I don't know we can have a longer
conversation but I do want to give you
more of what this official wrote yeah
quick say on the bases look at some
point half of them are going to be
embarrassed that it turns out they were
following someone who had already lost
his mind
and just like happened with Nixon you
all be able to find a Nixon voter after
next thing got impeached they would do
polls and they say did you vote for
Nixon now even though he won and he won
overwhelmingly the polls would indicate
that only a tiny percentage of the
American people voted for the realities
of course they voted for him they were
just too embarrassed to say it and yes
there will be some people who will hold
on for dear life and they'll watch in
for Wars and they'll believe every
conspiracy and they'll think no he
wasn't crazy everyone else inside the
White House was crazy and Q was gonna
let us know about how the insane asylum
had been let out and put into the White
House against the wishes of Donald Trump
even though he picked them right and
they'll have all these concerns and
that'll be a significant chunk of the
country but but probably a lot of people
will say that Trump no I don't know
who's strong yeah I mean to a lesser
extent that happened with George Bush as
well and by the way I mean as we go here
you gotta understand there was one other
thing that we were right about take take
take take take take take take this is
the Republicans go I'm pushing him out
the door coding you don't you guys don't
get it he's got to go he's gotta go so
let me give you more some of his aides
meeting some of trumps aides have been
cast as villains by the media but in
private they have gone to great lengths
to keep bad decisions contained to the
west wing though they are clearly not
always successful that's gonna go to my
kingslayer theory in a minute okay but
there's more Americans should know that
there are adults in the room and you
know that's a what I referenced earlier
in this story we fully recognize what is
happening and we are trying to do what's
right even when Donald Trump won't and
finally given the instability many
witness there were early whispers within
the cabinet of invoking the 25th
amendment which would start a complex
process for removing the president but
no one wanted to precipitate a
constitutional crisis so we will do what
we can to steer the administration in
the right direction until one way or
another it's over he's telling you use
the 24th amendment we're inside the
building the guy is insane use the 25th
amendment that is when the cabinet gets
together and says and there did a couple
of different ways to do it but mainly
the cabinet is say the president is
mentally disabled we need to remove him
from office using the 25th amendment and
and put in the vice president I think
they're gonna have to go to it and so
that's not me saying and I know a lot of
people thought oh no you guys are
progressives you're bias against them
look man we're bias against all those
conservatives that's our perspective I
don't like John McCain I think he lost
his mind I can't stand Marco Rubio but I
don't think Marco Rubio is crazy or
stupid you know Ted Cruz's a slimeball
that doesn't mean that that if he became
president we said how old now he's lost
his mind no he said he is who he is this
guy we've been telling him from day one
he's monumentally I mean and now I'm
actually feeling bad about calling him
stupid about a billion times because he
might be mentally damaged
I'm not look again it's not me it's a
senior administration official saying
push the button 25th amendment we got to
think about it and we and we got to hang
on for dear life inside the White House
until it's over
can he get any stronger than that it's
pretty incredible you know he talks
about how privately he shows a
preference for autocrats and dictators
and and he talks about John McCain and
how he was honorable and put that last
letter and saying don't do partisanship
he's like look man I'm a Republican but
this is not time for Republican
Democratic games he said about McCain
mr. Trump may fear such an honorable man
but we should revere them yeah Wow Wow
talking about how Trump is such a jerk
that he fears honorable people okay so
take take take take so finally
Kingslayer now obviously in this context
we don't mean literally we mean
politically but it's possible that there
is someone close to the king a handle
the king if you will in a game of
Thrones analogy who just takes out a
political sword and goes we're done with
this because he's the Mad King so who
could it be and and I'm not saying that
they're gonna do it but if they're a
real Patriot they would and how would
they do it because again we're talking
about politics here not not physical
stuff so it can't be someone who's
tangential it can't even be someone that
Trump is known to be fighting with a
little bit like so it can't even be his
own chief of staff John Keller it was
probably John Kelly yeah but but he just
say oh he's deep state I never liked him
in the first place and and and the base
would rally etc it has to be someone the
base deeply deeply trust Gary Cohn maybe
no nope no way quote they'll call him a
globalist goldman sachs guy etc so the
one person I thought of is Sarah
Huckabee Sanders Oh Joe Ross yeah yeah
that's the possibility if she came out
one day and said sorry guys but I'm I'm
tendering my resignation the 25th
amendment should be invoked the
president has lost his mind
I don't think it's her I think that it
would actually hurt her way more than
help her I mean she's on the record on a
regular basis defending him defending
the very thing she wrote this defending
the very things that she's speaking out
against in this op-ed right but remember
anyone who wrote this op-ed is lying
through their teeth publicly because
when it because when ass tonight they
don't raise their hand and they're like
oh yeah yeah Donald Trump's lost his
mind you guys should use a 25th
amendment they go oh no Donald Trump is
wonderful what do you mean of course I
fully support him so I'm not saying this
Sarah Hobie Sanders I'm not say Sarah
Cooper Sanders is gonna do that
I'm not saying anybody inside the Trump
White House is necessarily gonna do that
but if but if there was a truly
honorable person in a position like that
again it can't be a rinky-dink person
people won't you know act but if it was
somebody like Sarah Huckabee Sanders she
actually could save the country if she
stepped up to that podium and said the
president has lost his mind you should
use the 25th amendment that would have
immediate massive reverberations
and the Republicans who are plenty angry
at him already now especially with the
dumb southerner comment my god he has
lost so much support in the Senate in
the house among Republicans that they
might come out and go that's it we gotta
go
sorry 24th amendment so or impeachment
or whatever it takes but that's where we
are guys
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
we're near the end he's now know
inconceivable that a man this unstable
can last for years that's what I said on
day one that's what I'm saying today and
and you will see that I am completely
right about that am I gonna lose my bet
against you well I you know we I've been
saying before the midterms there's only
about two months left on the other hand
this is the most unprecedented thing I
have ever seen a senior administration
official putting out an SOS publicly in
the New York Times saying somebody for
God's sake do something so could it
happen in the next two months it could
okay well I'm glad it was only $50 all
right I win either way when you really
think about it okay uh we're gonna take
a quick break when we come back Trump's
reaction to the Woodward book how he
wants to change laws as a result of what
that book says about him and then later
on we hopefully will get to the story
about STDs that I've been dying to talk
about okay STDs later in the program we
hope you're enjoying this free clip from
The Young Turks if you want to get the
whole show and more exclusive content
while supporting independent media
become a member at TYT comm slash join
today in the meantime enjoy this free
second
alright back on any other Turks Jenkin
Anna with you guys we have breaking news
in a second related to the story we just
told you I want to read a couple of
quick comments first adjectives Chomsky
says this member comments from t
y-t-dot-com always skeptical of palace
intrigue it rarely does anything
substantive intends to serve the already
powerful yeah these are not normal times
brother okay as so this is not normal
palace intrigue your as you're about to
see in a sec to Eric or chenko says the
first story today is a perfect example
what only TYT provides layers of context
without the empty establishment media
shock an analysis that proves true glad
to be a member thank you Eric super
appreciated and here let me just give
you two more this from YouTube super
chat farest them and taro says I'll sign
up today if you'll tell us your opinion
on the Donna Brazile tweets from last
week okay I'll look into it and tell you
no problem I think she blocked jr. on
Twitter which I thought was hilarious
so maybe we'll talk about it in our
postgame so if you sign up you'll get to
see it in a postgame one day t
y-t-dot-com slash joined Laura's Nielsen
says on YouTube super chat the that the
nationalist increases poll members here
in Sweden just five days from the
election makes me very worried Joe and T
YT yesterday to feel some hope and unity
against this cancer on society I hear
you on that brother so much more on that
in fact let's go to the breaking news
all right following the New York Times
op-ed that featured an administrative or
trump administration official current
trump administration official calling
out Trump for his terrible behavior as
president Trump has responded to that
op-ed by saying just one word on Twitter
treason also Sarah Huckabee Sanders has
issued a statement that I want to read
to you right now she says the individual
behind this piece has chosen to deceive
rather than support the duly elected
president of the United States he is not
putting country first but putting
himself and his ego ahead of the will of
the American people yeah so look that
this reaction is unsurprising in fact as
soon as I read the that op-ed I thought
why hasn't Trump tweeted yet he is going
to be in an absolute rage but this is
gonna actually spin him into a different
set of problems because look in life
overall the first mistake isn't an issue
it's when you compound the mistakes in a
panic is when you get into real trouble
oh he's the compounder in chief exactly
right Anna I mean all he does is
compound and in the worst situation is
the more he compounds and this situation
is Code Red
you have senior administration officials
going out and telling the country the
president is mentally unstable you
should consider using the 25th amendment
and so of course Trump's gonna lose his
whatever mind he has left
and according to the senior
administration a vigil it isn't much so
he comes out guru yells true into the
abyss we I was saying in our initial
coverage of it there needs to be some
sort of Kingslayer to the Mad King again
it's a political analogy obviously not a
physical one and we're saying about
maybe Sarah Huckabee Sanders if she were
to come out and they say no it's true
the president has lost his mind
that would make a giant difference and
Anna pointed out very unlikely to be her
of course but you know as I was reading
in and then Edward our stage manager
could said the same thing during the
break before this story came out
Kellyanne Conway is the most likely
person because her husband is constantly
tweeting against Donald Trump to begin
with but see that gets in the palace
intrigue because the the issue is and
the substance of it is much much more
important than who the leaker is yeah
absolutely absolutely but it's fun to
speculate about who it is
one final part of Sarah Huckabee Sanders
statement that I think is relevant to
this
she believes that this person should do
the right thing this coward should do
the right thing and resign yeah so and
as I alluded to in the in the initial
story we're gonna find out who this
person is yeah and it I don't know if
it'll be before Donald Trump leaves
office or a free leaves office but if he
leaves office and the whole country is
relieved because it turns out that that
administration official is correct
and everyone else in the administration
it was actually trying to make sure the
Donald Trump doesn't do something crazy
and break the country and threaten the
health of our Republic as the person
said then I think there's going to be a
moment where the Republicans pretend
they didn't know and all the senators
and congresspeople go oh well I but I
find news that I didn't know that in
reality of course they do know that
there was actually believe it or not I
can't believe I'm saying this sentence
but a great report from red state which
is a conservative blog I can't stand but
Erick Erickson did actually talk to a
Republican congressman off the record
and their Republican congressman said oh
we all know we all know he's crazy and
and you know and I can't stand the guy
none of us can stand the guy and but we
can't say it otherwise our base is gonna
flip out and vote us out of office so
that I'm and but I've been telling you
that from day one now of course they
know they're in the room with them who
could sit in the room with them and not
realize what an idiot he is or unstable
he is and what a danger he is and he
doesn't understand democracy doesn't
understand our former government at all
I mean but you know what that argument
about oh we can't we can't do the right
thing because if we do the right thing
our base will be upset with us it shows
you this disconnect between these
elected officials and their own
constituents right the lack of
communication the lack of helping them
the lack of representing them they don't
trust you because you haven't served
them right so they say Trump is the
person who's because of his populist
rhetoric the person who will serve them
you need to do a better job to make your
case against Trump but they're too
afraid to do it I mean you don't talk
about coward
towers are the people who know how
dangerous Donald Trump is and don't do
anything about it because of their own
political career exactly so at least
this official die came out to the New
York Times is trying to do something to
warn the country should he do more of
course I think he should do more but at
least he's done that which the rest of
them haven't and he talks about it
there's two tracks inside the White
House one is Donald Trump and which is
off the rails
and it's like even if we wanted to
follow the agenda he says which agenda
he changes his mind every minute so this
is impossible to follow anyway so what
we do is
we find the course that is least
damaging for the country and we go on
that track and so it's not him alone he
says Bob Woodward's book backs it up
every other piece of reporting we have
backs it up that there are a great
number of people inside the White House
that the knows the president is unstable
and so they're trying to keep them on
the right track in their minds so look I
think that once Trump is gone all those
cowards will then come out and pretend
the ones that knew all along will
pretend especially the congressmen and
the Senators that they didn't know and
then they'll turn around and make a hero
out of this guy because they'll say oh
yeah he's the one that let us know and
that's why it was important and he's a
hero and all that stuff but the reality
is right now they all already know and
they won't act because of how afraid
they are exactly which is so sad they're
afraid of a guy who belongs in an insane
asylum they're willing to sacrifice our
democracy in order to maintain and
preserve their political careers I mean
just think about that for a second all
right
um let's move on to my favorite part of
the show today okay as you all know we
are doing a membership drive and our
goal is to reach a hundred thousand
members by the end of the year very
lofty goal but I believe in us I think
that we can do it when I say we I mean
you The Young Turks so we received
tweets from our members that I want to
share with you all that I personally
loved made me all emotional so let's
take a look at the first tweet this is
from Brian Madrigal
and he said I'm excited at what Jake
just announced I'm paying for content
and also for progressive change tell me
any other program you pay for that is
pay for that is doing those two things
pay for that is doing those two things I
think prior to you I see member Brian
thank you brother and you know that is
what we promise we I know that a lot of
the rest of the press doesn't like that
and they go oh you guys are activists
you're not allowed to do that who's
stopping us and if we have a few
thousand members correct answer is no
one they won't be able to stop us so yes
we believe in change and that's why we
helped
support the just Democratic candidates
26 of them have already won their
primaries when no one believed no one
believed last night I Anna Presley won
another shocking upset shocking upset
after shocking upset are we proud that
we helped to make that happen even if it
was a small role a midsize or whatever
role it was you're absolutely right that
we're proud of course we're proud
because we're fight for change and
that's getting you guys real change we
featured all those candidates we try to
help in every way we could with their
uncorrupted candidates and and if we
made a difference that's a fantastic
thing and as to Anna's point you guys
made a difference you watched you voted
you volunteered some of you gave to them
as well and I want you to keep doing
that and we'll talk about that more
later in the show Jeff Barrett says I
consider TYT Network membership and
investment in my kids future well-being
Wow thank you Jeff that's actually
really powerful okay Andrew Johnson says
I was part of that I was part of that
first number by a day by a day became an
activist yesterday and it's worth the
money
love the post-game can't wait to see no
filter yes yes can't wait to see don't
filter episodes as soon as they're up
love Anna and I love John and Jake and
Hasan love you I love all you guys and I
felt bad by watching on YouTube don't
feel bad about watching on YouTube watch
wherever you get this program there were
a lot of different platforms but if you
become a member
well that's fantastic and we appreciate
obviously T y-t-dot-com slash join and
if you don't know no filters obviously
Anna's show ends the excitement all
right John the writer says been a member
for over two years and I have zero
regrets absolutely love this network
just kid except Michael Shore just
kidding dude even you okay I like that
one
because look we kid each other all the
time yesterday I have the show so I'm
gonna go to Jimmy about Michael and as
much as they fight on air they go over
beer afterwards and you know what Jimmy
said about Michael he's like you know
why I like Michael cuz he's funny
Michael is pretty funny yeah
that dry sense a huge he is super dry by
the way his show is reasonably sure
and so our shows like no filter is a
podcast on our app but members get all
the shows so that's another obviously
huge reason to join Q the nurse wrote us
and said just upgraded from eighty YT
insider to TYT
activist but I want to do more please
make a way for people to give six month
or one-year memberships hashtag whisper
of a dream hashtag too strong hashtag
TYT army I love every one of these
tweets okay so we are working on that
gifting program we will get that to you
guys later thank you for asking to do
that you guys are amazing so we will
start that a little bit later and I'm
all about whisper of a dreamy John and
and Jimmy talked about that a lot
yesterday in terms of the progressive
wave that's coming not just Democratic
wave but a progressive wave and and look
you need media to back that up and so we
appreciate you guys literally being that
media because you are the Young Turks so
T y-t-dot-com /join
by the way also check out Jimmy's shows
Jimmy Dore show an aggressive
progressive both in the network and
John's show damage report also in the
network you get basically progressive
Netflix all of these different
progressive shows in one place and
that's TYT so I yesterday we started at
27,000 661 first day of the membership
drive this today when we started the
show is 28,000 507 let me see the new
number now let's please get to 30,000
let's do it so excited right now by the
way when you guys first showed the 501 I
was like oh it didn't move at all
alright but you guys know us man we were
a hundred percent real we're surprised
every time the number of moves
so thank you again toi comm slide join
and by the way the activists think she
was referring to his ruse once you get
to go to the sign up and you click
you'll see that there's two levels $4.99
gets you all the shows because we want
to make sure everybody gets them okay
but if you go to $10 that supports
independent media and you get extra
things like you get first access to so
many of the things that we do okay so
please check out both of those and thank
you to all of you all right
following news of Bob works following
news of Bob Woodward's
new book fear Donald Trump has decided
that mmm
since all these books are coming out
that make me look really bad maybe I
should change laws to kind of censor
people from saying negative things about
me I'm not kidding
so Trump decided to tweet about how
there is a need to change our libel laws
indicating that he believes Bob Woodward
has made things up in his book let me
give you his tweet he says isn't it a
shame that someone can write an article
or book totally make up stories and form
a picture of a person that is literally
the exact opposite of the fact and get
away with it without retribution or cost
you know what I do think it's a shame
Trump who does this on a regular basis
don't know why Washington politicians
don't change libel laws now this isn't
the first time that Trump has called for
a change in libel laws in fact he did so
back in January after Michael Woolf had
released his book fire in fury in fact
we have video of what Trump had to say
let's take a look we are going to take a
strong look at our country's libel laws
so that when somebody says something
that is false and defamatory about
someone that person will have meaningful
recourse in our courts our current libel
laws are a sham and a disgrace and do
not represent American values or
American fairness so we're going to take
a strong look at that we want fairness
you can't say things that are false
knowingly false and be able to smile as
money pours into your bank account we're
going to take a very very strong look at
that so I enjoyed Rex Lewis in a former
Secretary of State who was out of the
administration there looking super
uncomfortable thinking oh when will this
moron stop one of the reasons he left
was because in that same book they
explained and other stories that Rex
Tillerson walked out of a meeting which
is also in Bob Woodward's new book and
said he's an effing moron and and
apparently according to the senior
administration official I wrote an op-ed
in The New York Times today everybody in
the administration knows it so and this
is an excellent example of it the guy
talked about how that Donald Trump was
basically a danger to the health of our
Republic right well look at this tweet
don't know why Washington politicians
don't change libel laws I know it's
called the First Amendment because
politicians can't shut people up from
criticizing them because it is the very
very core of our Constitution and what
it means to be an American but he
doesn't understand that and doesn't care
about that he thinks and as he once
famously said about North Korea he said
oh Kim Jong Un's a good guy and he's
very strong when he tells people to
stand up they stand up in North Korea
why can't we do that here I wish it was
like that here
that's because North Korea is a
dictatorship by the way a communist
dictatorship and we don't live in a
dictatorship we live in a democracy
where we're free to disagree with you
and say so publicly but he hates that
so he's like why don't the politicians
just get together and Institute
corruption where we just shut everybody
up and don't let them speak against the
powerful why don't we just do that where
he's in the earlier sentence he says
that what I think people can say these
things about US politicians and get away
with it without retribution yeah this
guy doesn't care about America he
doesn't even understand America no he
doesn't and also there are laws
protecting individuals from libel right
from slander defamation and so if Trump
genuinely
believed that these accusations were
made up he could take Woodward to court
right but he would have to prove malice
meaning reckless disregard for truth bad
intent but we know that there wasn't a
reckless disregard for truth we know
that Trump wouldn't take him to court
because he has absolutely no merit to do
that and by the way our libel laws
first of all vary state by state that's
something that Trump should know but
yeah we've had libel laws since you know
the mid 19th
I'm sorry since the mid 1700s and so the
defense for libel suits or defamation
suits is the truth right and nothing
made that clearer than the very first
case in US history that I wanted to just
quickly talk about because I find this
stuff super interesting so let's go to
graphic six New York City publisher John
Peter Zenger was imprisoned for eight
months back in nineteen I'm sorry back
in 1734 okay for printing attacks on the
governor of the colony
Zanger won his case and was acquitted by
jury in 1735 under the counsel of Andrew
Hamilton the case established some
precedent that the truth should be an
absolute defense against libel charges
so he proved no I'm telling the truth
about this person in a position of power
and they defend the lawyer in that case
was so important they made a Broadway
play out of it they did know that was
Alexander Hamilton it to me to make his
story super goofy but yes truth is a
defense and that's a sad day for Donald
Trump because he's totally unaccustomed
to it of course the people in Woodward's
book are telling the truth and Donald
Trump isn't he's a pathological liar or
is this own personal attorney said
according to Bob Woodward he's an effing
liar and a goddamn dumbbell yeah by the
way a few other things that I want to
point to Trump of course loves to tweet
but a lot of his tweets don't age well
and of course during the Obama
Trump had very strong feelings about Bob
Woodward himself so here's what he had
tweeted back in the day this is a tweet
from February 23rd 2013 Trump had
written in regard to Bob Woodward
must-read column by Bob Woodward
explaining how Obama pushed for
sequestration and promised no tax
increase Oh seems like you thought he
was really credible back then another
tweet of course only the Obama White
House can get away with attacking Bob
Woodward oops yeah okay and that
ironically proves the case in Bob
Woodward's book and the new New York
Times op-ed from a senior administration
officials saying Donald Trump changes
his positions so frequently no one knows
what his real positions are and because
what part of what it matters and what it
relies on is what does Donald Trump
think is to his advantage at that
particular moment because he has no
principles
he's like Woodward attacks Obama me like
Woodward World Order really credible and
good Woodward attacks me boo me no like
Woodward Woodward bad ice to libel I sue
Woodward he libel
he was my way he was complimentary
toward Bob Woodward just recently right
prior to all these publications printing
the content of the book so Woodward is
kind of like Manigault Newman Omarosa in
that he has receipts he has recording so
here is a portion of a recording that he
had of Donald Trump conversing with him
about the book take a listen it's really
too bad because nobody told me about it
and I would have loved to have spoken to
you you know I'm very open to you I
think you've always been fair but we'll
see what happens oops me like Woodward
me no like Woodward what did Woodward
say this is a clown in office but you
know all that aside the most important
thing here guys is he just we got a
president who doesn't believe in the
First Amendment
of course we're allowed to criticize
politicians of course we're allowed to
talk to reporters about politicians
there's literally nothing more American
not exactly when we come back some
Republican lawmakers from the south
sharing their opinions about Trump's
statements about southerners mm-hmm
