this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm our very own reporters
went to Donald Trump's rally in Indiana
and during this rally we spoke to some
Trump supporters about the issue of NFL
players kneeling in protest of excessive
force used by police and there were some
interesting perspectives shared I don't
want to give too much away so why don't
we go ahead and just toss to the first
video let's take a look Trump has been
pretty vocal about being against the NFL
players kneeling during the national
anthem to protest police brutality what
are your thoughts on that it's
absolutely outrageous they have no right
protesting there whatsoever go on out
amongst your life don't subject us to
your protest we love America we love
black people
knock it off what would you say to them
saying you know well we're subjected to
disproportionate police brutality so
you're gonna know you said you know
don't subject us to your protest they
would say well we're subjected to
disproportionate police brutality well
you know when 13% of the population a by
the time you divide it down really 3% of
the population commit only over 50% of
the murders in the United States I'm
sorry okay so I I don't know why he
wasn't wearing a shirt covered up just
like just caps in place by the way doing
these incredible interviews you're gonna
see more clips in just a minute sorry I
just walked out of the stereotype is
incredibly professional I'm yeah she a
pro anything I'm asked him for an
interview and so at that point you have
an opportunity to put your shirt on I
don't know why you didn't just put a
shirt on before the question-and-answer
portion of this video began but you
don't I mean look at the guy
I know why he did not to his credit I
want to know I'd show that off if I had
it read what anyway - that's fair he's
just a guy hitting ambushed I find his
comments to be far horrible they come in
mostly crime by yeah I wish we had a
whiteboard or something so he could show
his work cuz it's like when you divide
it down it's really three percent of
what yeah how are you dividing it down
so the people that I consider people
like you take this this pimple here and
you divide that down and all the
clusters over here and you get a bring
you know just black crime I was gonna
say like maybe if he had a t-shirt he
would have to take his hat off and so
that's what why he didn't put the
t-shirt but it's a button-down you can
just be like alright let's let's I just
don't get why you didn't put a shirt on
before they started the interview its
Emma Emma approached him and asked can I
interview you it's not like she she's
not ambushing people at this event it's
a trump rally in Indiana just put your
shirt on before you start answering any
questions anyway nonetheless you might
be wondering why is this topic coming up
during this Trump rally why is I'm
asking these questions well there's been
a lot going on in regards to the NFL
players kneeling and protesting in
response to police brutality and
recently it was discovered that the
Secretary of State for the Republican
Committee of Beaver County Pennsylvania
had posted some horrible things on
Facebook in response to these NFL
players and I want to share some of that
with you these are her words Carla
Maloney is her name and she posted these
comments on Facebook she said tired of
these overpaid ignorant blacks telling
me what I should believe in I will tell
you what I believe in and that is our
flag the national anthem and America
period end of story
you don't like it here go to Africa see
how you like it there we are all
Americans not African American not
Hispanic American we are all American
miss Malone
you seem like a real nice lady no it
gets worse I want to read the second
comment and I want you all to jump in
and tell me what you think
she says stealers are now just as bad as
the rest of the overpaid baboons you
respect your flag country and our
national anthem how many men and women
have lost limbs or died to protect this
country and you baboons want respect if
you want respect you need to earn it and
so far you haven't stopped watching or
going to a game and paying for
overpriced food water and tickets let's
see how the baboons get paid when white
people stop paying their salaries so
three times she used the word baboons
because if I was like oh she says
balloons and I was already for it cuz I
just misread it she said Babu again the
thin like the racism of the entire NFL
protests which we know are literally
just a straw man that the Trump
administration Trump himself have said
this is actually just to distract people
I bring it out because it does well for
me I bring it out when I'm you know
let's say my campaign Chairman is a you
know pleading guilty or being indicted
or whatever it is this is when I roll
these so-called culture war issues out I
make it about race but thinly veiled and
then miss uh miss Beaver County over
here
you know just didn't get the memo about
like just the veil there's no thin veil
it's just like poof we saw everything
she dropped the plaid shirt you know I'm
saying like it's if we actually saw the
entire chest of racism that is the
entire to NFL anthem just have a quick
discussion about what actually qualifies
as disrespecting our troops because
kneeling in practice of your First
Amendment right to protest a legitimate
concern that that's impacting your
community I would argue that doesn't
really disrespect our troops what does
disrespect our troops is sending them to
Wars so weapons manufacturers and
private contractors can get rich right
lying to the American people as Bush did
about Iraq having weapons of mass
destruction and then sending our
soldiers to that country so they can die
based on a lie that our federal
government told that wasn't
disrespectful yeah they did it and and
if you ask those truths I mean truly
they fight and I'm always amazed with it
that they make this leap they fight and
die for the ability to protest in
freedom um these are our freedoms
guaranteed and if you look at the
fighting forces you'll see all the
different colored faces you'll see all
the different ethnic backgrounds it's
absurd on its face and then finally on
the anthem of course they've conflated
the military with the flag we've said it
before but it's so true it's not about
the military that's not what the anthem
is but if you fly enough f-15s over NFL
games while the anthem is playing it
gets conflated and so they've succeeded
in making it about the military it never
had anything to do with the military the
protest is even about something that
concerns the military it's about as Anna
says it's about life back here in
America we just you know told you guys
the story about a police officer who's
convicted of murder because he shot into
a vehicle that had black teenagers in it
a 15 year old teen was shot and killed
as his car was driving away from the cop
by the way the people in the car were
guilty of no wrongdoing they were
leaving a house party that the call the
cops were called into and as they were
driving away the cop thought it was a
good idea to open fire and shoot the
people inside the car fifteen year old
died as a result that officer from Texas
just got sentenced to 15 years in prison
it is a legitimate problem it is a
legitimate issue but certain people in
America certain Trump supporters in
America don't want to accept it and it
makes you question why it makes them so
uncomfortable to see black athletes
protests a legitimate problem in America
well let's go to the next video Emma
viglance spoke to more Trump supporters
at this rally let's hear what they had
to say instead of kneeling for a game
let them go to the streets of Chicago
where there's hundreds of people that
are killed by gangbangers every week
but the media doesn't address the mass
killings in Chicago would restrict this
gun laws in the nation so if these guys
were kneeling about police officers
being killed you know are killing
innocent black man according to CNN and
all that
let them go to Chicago and see where the
murders at I'd like to read show v's on
that pizza and extra sauce anyway so
hold on sorry anyway they're lazy I like
that you could buy it that is the case
it's funny that you just can't put the
phone down from your just I mean just
for the time it's gonna take you to
interact with the reporter oh sorry
sorry about that Grand Wizard what were
you saying
I'm sorry what about what was that you
were saying Grand Wizard you've reached
the Kaos - before we continue and this
one's relevant because of the issue of
anecdotal evidence versus the broader
picture studies statistics I just I
found this interaction fascinating take
a look without respecting our law
enforcement this is Baghdad without
police if we don't have police the
police force here in America that we
have this is Baghdad this is Iraq this
is pandemonium so of course we want our
people to kneel for law enforce we want
B we want Americans to respect law
enforcement these guys come out put
their life on the line every day for
people they don't even know but what do
you think about the the fact that you
know if you're black you're three to
four times more likely to be shot and
killed by police unarmed than a white
person says who statistics says the
media I've never been shot at by a cop
so I don't know I've got nothing but
love from the Evansville Police
Department I've never been shown
anything but respect by our law
enforcement here I've never been hit
I've never been brutalized I've never
been beaten I've never had any of those
instances he
ever in my life I'm 42 years old I'm not
some squeaky-clean guy I've never seen
those things so because you haven't seen
them you think other people may not have
I mean first things first the media
creates most of this hype everything you
see you can't believe everything you see
in the media first thing I mean come on
how many people you know been beat up by
the police I'm not gonna refer to my own
anecdotal evidence I kind of want to
look at the statistics from the FBI that
have been put out statistics monistic
s-- that's a good point
I wasn't really I wasn't really on your
side until you repeated one word twice
but the second time when a silly yeah
pronunciation monistic schmidt mister
this guy nobody's talking about there
were two things there that stood out to
me first was the regurgitated talking
point about the media thank you don't
you hear throughout all of these
interviews we don't trust the media the
media is making a big deal out of
something that doesn't actually exist
so it doesn't matter what the statistics
say it doesn't matter if there's well
done fact-based reporting out there that
someone can turn to to get real evidence
of what's going on in the country I mean
they will reject it because their dear
leader has told them to reject it right
and they don't care they don't first of
all I don't know how many even know the
difference between anecdotal evidence
and actual statistics that look at the
broader picture no but there's this
sense of well I haven't experienced it
so of course it doesn't exist so there's
no Mars I haven't experienced Mars
there's no Mars there's no cancer right
knock on wood I haven't experienced
cancer so it must not say about and I
mean and I hate I don't want to be and
then I mean let let's reach across the
aisle let's listen either side let's
break out of our bubbles I'm not trying
to be in an elitist liberal here but
like you learn at around sixth grade
fifth grade maybe even fourth it like
you actually aren't the center of the
universe and you're like damn it you
know it's always a moment and your
parents say hey you're not descent
the universe guess what I mean I
remember being told that right right and
and these are people who didn't actually
not realized that they're not the center
of the universe they probably think that
the Sun rotates around the earth as well
who knows they haven't seen the earth
rotate around the Sun the earth could be
flat I want to know what like the
postmodernist think of the year 2018 cuz
now that we're in like post fact world
do you think think they're like guilty
like do you think like Derrida and all
the French post modernists or like
whatever we created like there is no
truth but I think Anna's on to something
here with what struck me in all of these
clips was the way you're hearing
regurgitated this stuff that they're
getting from the fox news propagandists
they're getting that the media even
heard the second guy talk about well you
know on CNN and and you know the the
mass media that doesn't tell the real
story you heard him mention Chicago
you heard him mention statistics the
first guy I mean if you know they're
completely ridiculous statistics you
heard him mention it in other words he's
hanging his opinions and they hang their
opinions on facts that are completely
fictions but they claim them as facts so
they found the the hard right has found
this way to get their information out
and so their people don't feel stupid
they don't feel backwoods and they don't
even in a way I mean I know that we can
make fun of them
but they're they're not communicating in
like a in a total backwoods way to their
people anyway I also think that again
with the way the right is going in the
way that Trump will you know pitch this
to his base is that actually you are
embattled people that actually like the
media is the enemy that media is telling
you something different not ignoring the
fact that the most-watched cable news
network I believe is still Fox News and
Fox News says mainstream media they oh
yeah the MSM like you'll be like you're
on the MS
mainstream media but no the powerful are
the weak and they are the ones who are
the oppressed at this point in history
yeah it's just incredible because all
they need to be told is that they've
been wronged and that all their lives
problems can be blamed on a certain
group of people and Trump is going to be
your savior right and and they believe
it it's it's kind of incredible how it's
just how gullible people can be because
it doesn't take much to like look into
what Trump has done for them
specifically because it's not much you
look at the Trump era tax cuts and it
hurts them it hurts them so much but
they don't care yeah stock market right
by the way the vast majority of Trump
supporters don't even get paid enough in
their wages to be able to invest in the
stock market but most of them will stand
there and say well you see what's
happened to the stock market but this is
a benefit I'm gonna interrupt right yeah
what this is a benefit of politicizing
everything yeah when you politicize
absolutely everything including saying
that the anthem protests are not about
what they're about you just they're just
about the disrespecting the country
they're just about disrespecting the
military whatever it is then actually
you you you get into this post fact
world I was on a plane and I remember a
guy said you know the write annoys me
and the left annoys me I just feel like
they're both full of you know you know
that's word they're just like I don't
know who to believe and it's like and I
was like okay but we were talking about
children being taken from their parents
at the border I was like okay well there
are news reports and it is factual that
children have been taken from their
parents before I don't know what to
believe I honestly don't I know it's
like when we politicized fact if fact if
like as Colbert used to say truth has a
fat little bias then what then we
completely lost then they push away from
facts completely like you know I don't
typically so don't give me any it was
awesome and it was from Mark Twain and
it was it's easier to fool people than
to convince people that they've been
fooled
oh we know that better than anyone so
the move is
I mean and people decide what they want
first and how they want to feel first
it's I don't think that that's like
outside Italy it's not unreasonable to
think that and so piano people also want
like argument arrows to put in their
quiver and then you saw everyone there
just pull them out like mainstream media
there's something else like your facts
are you're Chicago blah blah and that's
what they want and it's just our job to
find like the right facts to put in
their quiver however I will say if you
look at the candidates who have been
winning there's just an article right
recently about Gilliam and in the New
York Times and it was about defying what
people think is like conventional wisdom
and look at the progressive candidates
who are winning they're not saying Ted
Cruz is an idiot I think was actually
better or or occur and they mentioned
other other counties they're not saying
Ted Cruz is idiot they're like I don't
need to talk about Donald Trump if I
mention his name I'm doing your
narrative and your discussion so the
answer is hey guys what we should do
instead is essentially step up and say
here are the issues I care about do you
care about them hey average American
here is what I believe in do you believe
in that and go issue by issue layout
planks in a platform and we can all
stand on it because we all want to stand
on them right that's it do it Alma
progresses too easy wasteful Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
