this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm Washington Post and ABC
news just recently did a poll and the
poll indicates that the majority of
Americans disapprove of the job that
Trump is doing unsurprising but also
overwhelmingly approve of Muller and his
Russia investigation which I personally
found surprising because all we ever
hear is this is a witch heart why are
you guys talking about Russia Russia
Russia Russia it's because I guess it
turns out it's a thing and most
Americans want the investigation to
continue so let me give you some
specific numbers first
Trump's approval rating 60% of those
polled in this new survey disapprove of
President Donald Trump's job performance
the poll found that most Americans would
oppose Trump granting a pardon to his
former associate Paul Manafort 66% of
the respondents said that they were
against a pardon only 18% said that they
would support a pardon now that is an
important question to ask the
respondents because Trump and McGann Don
began who was the former White House
Counsel had a disagreement as to whether
or not mana fort should be pardoned the
mana fort famously has not turned on
Trump and Trump wants to reward him
based on reports but McGann was against
it now it doesn't really matter what
McGann wants or doesn't want because he
just got fired over Twitter right also a
majority of Americans side with sessions
with 62 percent saying they are on his
side a slightly larger portion 64% said
Trump should not fire sessions so when
we say that 62% of Americans are on his
side I don't mean in general the poll
didn't mean in general it just means
they're on session side when it comes to
his tiff with Donald Trump now Trump
wants to fire him because he recused
himself in this Russia investing and
that and that's one of trumps key skills
that just defies all odds like he even
puts me on the same side as
yes it's weird right I said that
yesterday on the show and I'm like you
know I feel like I'm in this weird dirty
place where I'm randomly awkwardly
supporting sessions I don't support him
as a person I disagree with him on a
hundred percent of things but when Trump
is attacking him for the wrong reasons I
find myself you're not gonna hang out
with him in the you know keyboard
factory
sessions or Trump but you do have to
like hats off to sessions the fact that
he's like still in office and hasn't you
know resigned just shows how he Castro
committed he is to racism I mean that
guy you know what he's doing at the
border what he's doing for the you know
the criminal justice system just
brilliant hey it's black and brown it
has been Trump's Trump's guy on pursuing
those policies you're so right it's so
weird to see Trump turn on this guy who
is dutifully pursuing the policies
against immigrants that Trump at
articulate he wanted handle them so it's
weird too but it's as Brett said it's
like you know the enemy of your enemy is
your friend I mean this is a friend yeah
so I want to get to the rest of the poll
because these numbers are in my opinion
pretty surprising 63% of the respondents
said that they support Muller's
investigation into Russian meddling in
the 2016 election only 29% of those who
were polled said that they opposed it
now again this is a nationally
representative sample so it gives you a
good sense of what Americans feel about
this investigation 53 percent of
respondents said they think Trump tried
to interfere in Muller's investigation
in a way that amounts to obstruction of
justice well 35 percent said he did not
try to interfere what I'm seeing in this
number or in these numbers is some
consistency when it comes to his base
but the majority of Americans
luckily thankfully see what's really
going on majority of Americans didn't
vote for Trump I mean you're but you're
right these statistics and this poll
reflects perfectly that based at 30 to
35 percent base that's in movable and
yet everybody else you talk to
because a lot of them are evaluating
things objectively or at least on on the
merits are not only the president's side
yeah it's I saw these facts and some
other facts came out this week and I was
like this you need to meet the average
American the average American
disapproves of Trump wants to keep
Muller sides with Jeff Sessions in this
debate thinks that Trump committed
obstruction of justice yet at the same
time disapproves of the kneeling
protests I it's a weird thing it's not
that weird what do you think about it I
think that we have a much bigger race
problem in the country then I'm just
saying and I go back to what I said you
got to watch revolution this is watch
listen to all the progressives who are
just talking about issues that most
Americans agree with that have to do
with like your pocketbook and your life
yeah a daily basis maybe not Sunday but
that's that's it by deleting that point
sorry Francesca I just want to mention
this stat so I was wondering do the
majority of Americans approve of how
Trump has handled the economy 45% of
those polled said they approve of
Trump's handling of the economy while
47% said they disapprove and remember
this is before the crash the the soon to
come crash in our economy so the
majority of Americans don't necessarily
approve the job he's doing I think maybe
we just need to get off Twitter too easy
wasteful young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
