Donald Trump wants to convince you that
the Dems are coming for Medicare and
with the DEM party of ten years ago
perhaps perhaps they would but things
are changing now and the Republicans the
ones talking about coming after Medicare
but how are they going to actually try
to sell the American people and then how
are they gonna message about the need to
cut these programs that are incredibly
popular well I don't know for sure and
there are a number of politicians we're
gonna do it but we do have some
indication so if we can play video for
you're gonna see Marco Rubio talking
about this the argument would be we
can't cut taxes because it will drive up
the deficit that that assumes that
somehow we can fix the deficit through
higher taxes and we can but you also
have to bring spending under control and
not discretionary spending that isn't
the driver of our debt the driver of our
debt is the structure of Social Security
and Medicare and if we did that in
combination with growth you can begin to
bring the trajectory of the debt to a
responsible and acceptable level that is
the only way forward so I view tax
reform as the economic growth component
of it yeah except that it's not so they
always say that and we've noticed that
since that tax bill has passed at this
almost the same rate that its popularity
has gone down the cost estimates of how
much it's gonna end up costing us have
continually went up so a bill that was
at first gonna cost us a trillion
dollars went to 1.3 to 1.5 to 1.8 the
last time I saw and I honestly haven't
checked the numbers in at least a month
or two and what you saw right there is
something that I warned about before the
2016 election which is if we allow them
to take over the White House the Senate
in the house and they pass their big tax
cut bill we are not only screwed in that
they get the tax cuts that they want so
badly but we're screwed foundationally
on virtually every other possible issue
because the deficits and debt caused by
their tax cut bills will be used to
justify the cutting of virtually every
program imaginable and that does not
just stop it you know little rinky-dink
programs that cost 20 million here five
billion there it's also Medicare
Medicaid and Social Security they have
now taken the rug out from under us and
although there are other progressive
ways to balance all of us out while
actually accomplishing for the American
people what they desire they are instead
going to say what what can we do nobody
could have predicted that if you
suddenly don't take in trillions of
dollars the government will lack
trillions of dollars
so we have to cut food stamps we have to
take away all that the aid to the
Palestinians they're gonna be talking
about in the second hour we have to cut
Medicare Medicaid Social Security all of
those but not the unnecessary and asked
for military budget increase those
comments exactly are completely wrong
from his opening utterance they were
wrong so the idea somehow that if you if
you if you if you cut taxes always you
say if you raise taxes that it will that
would then you could begin to address
the debt that's just that assumes this
is what Roby Rubio said that there's
some price to that some effect on the
debt from tax cuts there is an effect on
the debt about from tax cuts you just
hear John John detail it those huge tax
cuts those huge that corporate tax
relief and the richest people in America
getting a break that tax relief is going
to cost us close to two trillion I mean
really in other words yeah I just
couldn't even follow his logic there no
it's true but I also think and listen
you look at like how much of your tax
dollar goes to what in the government
right and about 30 roughly thirty
percent a little bit more or less
depending on you know like how many wars
are fighting goes to the
military-industrial complex current and
past and then a huge amount of our
dollar tax ours do go to Social Security
and and Medicare in these kinds of
programs and so from this like very like
you know economic 101 just look at a
graph like oh my god look Social
Security is huge okay what are we not
then factoring in what do people gain
when they are insured as elderly people
when they are insured as as poor people
right and when they are able to have
their medical costs taken care of we are
saving and this is how we've we've done
the numbers the Koch brothers have done
the numbers for us thank you that
actually having an expansion of Medicare
will save the American people and but
you can't see that you don't see healthy
people you only see the crazy person or
the person who's like
not well yeah you only see when someone
has a problem or when there is violence
in a community whenever things chill
it's like huh I wonder what were the
building blocks of a nation that created
a safe community you know it wasn't
armed guards you know it was people
having an education and being able to
you know go to the doctor when they need
to so and having a job right and these
are the things you can't quantify of
like oh here how can I show you that
this stable middle-class family like is
being productive there's no measurement
cuz they're there chilling you know I'm
saying right I even can't quantify that
right it's exactly like what you were
saying you you it's very hard to go on
and just talk about how things are
working that's not a news story so you
have you can only you have to go on
there do things aren't working but at
the same time it's again this cognitive
dissonance that keeps being created like
take even the classic example of Sarah
Palin threatening old people with death
panels if Obamacare backs right saying
oh if you have government health care if
health care for all they're gonna all of
a sudden then decide who gets what
medicines but then people don't think
again one step further and say but if
you gut the programs entirely
everybody's gonna be on these death
panels because there's not gonna be any
effectively there's not gonna be any
healthcare to be given thanks so ready
you create a problem here and then don't
realize you're gutting the entire thing
here and then it just falls under it and
what kind of a weird gopher world last
thing I would say is look there are
endgame and I'm talking about the GOP
and game across the board is to
privatize everything so anything that
works in favor of private enterprise
they're all for and they're gonna tell
you that it's more cost-effective but
it's just simply not the insurance money
insurance money is going to be huge
money and they're gonna grab it from us
once they get rid of these programs and
and we've we've seen what private
enterprise does that you can't trust
them on the environment you can't trust
them on keeping prices down for aspirin
in a hospital it's but that's the
endgame to privatize everything yeah
when is when is Trump gonna make Martin
shkreli his head of the FDA don't say he
watches this video
two easy ways to follow Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
