a Southern California man has been
arrested and is facing charges after
threatening the Boston Globe and these
threats were very specific
Robert Dee chain from Encino California
is the man who made these threats and he
made the threats through a number of
calls to the Boston Globe he has been
charged with one count of making
threatening communications in interstate
commerce it's a fancy way of saying he
was making threatening phone calls now
chain allegedly made at least 14
threatening phone calls to the Boston
Globe between August 10th and the 22nd
chain is accused of making several
threatening phone calls to the globe
beginning almost immediately after the
paper announced on August 10th that it
was calling on newspapers across the
country to publish editorials the
following week standing up to Trump for
referring to the press as fake news and
enemies of the people so Robert Chain
happens to be a huge trump supporter and
he was not happy about the fact that the
Boston Globe was calling for this
campaign to kind of stand up to Trump
and the accusations that he's made
against the media chain made a call to
the globe's news room in which he said
quote you're the enemy of the people and
we're going to kill every effing one of
you hey why don't you call the F why
don't you call Robert Muller maybe he
can get you out buddy I'm going to shoot
you in the effing head later today at 4
o'clock so that's a specific threat you
cannot make specific threats for all of
you out there who think that the First
Amendment protects any and all speech
and everything should be allowed
specific threats inciting violence not
protected by the First Amendment okay
period and that's what he did here which
is why he's facing charges so he could
get five years I guess on the outside
and five years and possibly a quarter
million dollar fine but that's the
maximum punishment right so he likely
won't get that but but it is an insight
into how these people get whipped up
into such a lather that they that they
take matters in their own hands this is
just a threat but the if you were to
have follow it look we've seen this kind
of violence follow through you know at
at all of these rallies and and and
beyond I guess I would I would say that
the additional humiliation that this
guy's going to feel I mean he could feel
in his his workplace I don't know what a
guy does does it I don't know so I
looked into him a little bit he's in his
sixties sixty-eight years old he could
be retired his wife is a term as an
attorney in California and she is you
know she it's unclear whether or not she
plans on representing him but the public
the public shame potentially its
associated with this might might be an
additional curb on on this kind of thing
I'm sorry go ahead what else would I in
public shame sure but like people think
California yes California is a blue
state but this isn't C no this is very
close to here to here like where we are
at this very moment and they're among us
there's these monsters among us and this
is a guy who has at least two firearms
he just recently purchased one and we
know this because as soon as the story
broke reporters started looking into
what kind of weaponry he has and it's
scary to know that these people exist
and they think it's okay to make these
very specific threats against the media
if you believe in democracy if you
believe in our Constitution then you
should be against the president you know
calling the media enemy of the people
well you should be for a free press most
certainly you shouldn't be calling in
threats to to that press understanding
even that there are press biases
occasionally and maybe maybe in every
case you could argue depending look
these are op-ed pieces the Boston Globe
is running so they're up there on a page
digital or literal that is for opinion
so it's set out apart it's not some kind
of conspiracy that's being done in the
dark I find the attack on journalists
worldwide to be of tremendous concern we
see environmental journalists killed in
in in Central and South America in in
record numbers and so the attack on
journalists and news rooms around the
country is of great concern to us and it
should it should really be of concern to
all of you everyone was crying
and whining about Alex Jones oh it's
free speech it's free speech never no
Alex Jones engages in speech that a is
not actually protected by the government
okay and B doesn't need to be protected
by any private corporation or company if
they decide they want to get rid of him
we've been over this okay but there's no
outcry over the real First Amendment
violations that are taking place right
now under the Trump administration well
and Alex Jones's news like in coin quote
news like in the same way that Trump's
tweets fuel and enable this kind of
material violence right this is actually
material violence because it was a very
specific threat that was waged against
the Boston Globe and it comes on the
heels not just a year ago but a couple
months ago where the Capitol Gazette was
attacked and five people were killed and
so this is a real threat to people in
the newsroom and like we were saying
that actually was my first thought when
I found out that he was from Encino that
Wow
it's here and I'm not surprised that
people in California especially Southern
California are right-wing nuts because
that's actually a small hidden secret
that most folks don't know about our
state but what did what did shocked me
was the fact that this this was so
specific and it was literally verbatim
what Trump had said right okay so I'm
gonna give you one other statement
actually a couple other statements and
another call made on August 22nd Jane
was asked why he was calling according
to court documents he responded because
you are the enemy of the people and I
want you to go F yourself as long as you
keep attacking the president the duly
elected president of the United States
in the continuation of your treasonous
and seditious acts I will continue to
threats harass and annoy the Boston
Globe so I'm really curious to see what
he had to say about Obama I so did you
think that someone or a news
organization was treasonous for
criticizing Obama probably not well and
with outrageous claims again as we've
said like birth ISM and also specious
claims of him attached
lahm right like I'm sure that wasn't
something he was really concerned about
and calls in newsrooms to try to shoot
them up you know you talk about
California what's happening is even in
the bluish parts of California like the
LA metro area which is where Encino is
you end up with anger and it can also be
fueled by the fact that you're
surrounded by all these people who are
lives right and liberal media and you
begin to buy your own BS about that and
I think that anger can drive the crazies
the fringe and there are enough of them
that it's really dangerous to this point
where threats are made and actions taken
III I don't do this guy is just some
loudmouth and he's scary yeah and
they're more like him out there right
and actually Breitbart started in
Brentwood California let's not forget
that yeah there's a lot of right-wing
nut jobs in Southern California there's
Prager University and Coulter moved here
Tommy Lauren moved here ben shapiro
lives here like it's just one list like
one long list of crazy people who love
to you know criticize california but
went out of their way to move here and
live here never miss another TYT video
by ringing the bell below you'll get
notified whenever we publish something
new and don't forget to join TYT and
download the TYT Plus app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to tea y-t-dot-com
slash join
