hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt Donald Trump is now saying that
his NBC News interview with Lester Holt
was edited and that he did not actually
say that he fired James Comey because of
the rusher thing in a tweet he said
what's going on at CNN is happening two
different degrees at other networks with
NBC News being the worst the good news
is that Andy lack and then he used the
parentheses to say Lackey is about to be
fired for incompetence and much worse
when Lester Holt got caught fudging my
tape on Russia they were hurt badly
so it's been I don't know like well over
a year since that Lester Holt interview
happened and now all of a sudden he's
accusing them of fudging the tape for
any of you who might have missed this
may 2017 interview here it is did you
ask for a recommendation what I did is I
was going to fire call me my decision it
was not you had made the decision before
they came I I was going to fire call me
and in fact when I decided to just do it
I said to myself I said you know this
Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a
made-up story it's an excuse by the
Democrats for having lost an election so
it's clear he fired Comey because of the
Russia investigation and so that has
been used against him that tape is from
the reports that I've seen is being
utilized in the Muller investigation and
now over a year later Trump is saying
that it's no no they they fudged they
fudged the tape anyway right the reality
of an indictment is actually very
present right
and I think that's what's happening and
there's only really two things that he's
masterful at and that's two strategies
redirection and rebranding yep and he's
a marketing genius I don't you can you
can say he's an idiot and so many other
things but the way that he can just
deflect any attention away is is
remarkable but what he can't deflect
away is the legal investigation right so
I think he's just squirming in his pants
and I mean what he doesn't understand or
realize is that it like he keeps
incriminating himself so just shut up
just shut up right like a smart person I
get and you're right he is very smart
when it comes to marketing but right now
as he's trying to win over the American
people in constantly whining and crying
about the investigation what he's
actually doing is providing more
evidence to Muller in his investigation
into not not just Russian meddling but
more importantly obstruction of justice
right just shut up right but he's also
fueling the people like in the last
story that we just saw to take violent
actions should there be a impeachment
series of trials it should there be any
way of him being held accountable or
being forced into resignation so he is
setting up the terms of that engagement
and I just want to say really quickly
too that I take great offense to him
calling this a witch-hunt
when it was actually women who were
attacked and killed for exercising their
independence from men so that is
absolutely disgusting I just want to put
that out there as a feminist that I am
yes yeah he he wants to invalidate the
result of any investigation Muller or
otherwise and so what he's doing is
banging that invalidation drum he's
going to end there are those who hear
those drumbeats right and they and so
he's a genius I guess for marketing I
would say once you tell me I can lie
about anything it's a lot easier to be a
genius I mean he doesn't represent any
fact he has no allegiance to facts and
he's simply trying to invalidate
everything so as Anna says he were he's
being told oh that that that tape though
that's in
that interview he's gone and I said I
can handle that I'm gonna invalidate
that interview we know it's laughable
the suggest that was manipulated in some
way but he wants to get that message out
there I also agree with you I mean
clearly the circle of justice is closing
in on him but he's not going down
without a fight
of course not there is a lot of
satisfaction I at least I feel a lot of
satisfaction in these very difficult
times when you see him freaking out on
Twitter right like and Jake and I talk
about that a lot just this joy that I
feel every time I know that he's up
either in the middle of the night or in
the early morning hours just freaking
out tweeting and trying to convince the
American people that he is not some sort
of criminal you're criminal if you take
Russia out of it there are other
investigations involving other
wrongdoings you are nothing but a
criminal and I can't wait until the your
Judgment Day comes
did you know the TYT Network is now
available on youtubes new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
TYT episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for youtube TV today all new
subscribers get a seven day free trial
so head over to youtube dot TV and
search for t whitey network's channel
