Donald Trump has been ruled
unconstitutional about time specifically
his Twitter machine the tweeter is Rick
Perry would call it no they they
literally ruled his tweets
unconstitutional which is awesome but
it's some yeah I know Twitter activities
there's a little off in that description
but it's a fun description so so what
what did he do wrong on Twitter that was
like so bad that it was unconstitutional
he was blocking people well normally who
cares you can block anybody you like if
you're a regular person but he's the
President of the United States and he
office sets policy from Twitter and in
fact he basically fired the White House
Counsel today on Twitter and and the
White House can feel of course didn't
know it he just kind of made politely
nice about the door what could have been
worse knowing Donald Trump but he was
like Oh doubt him again leaving in a
foot in the fall it was great to work
with him and arm again say what I'm
leaving in the fall okay so obviously
it's relevant for the public so if you
block people on Twitter they cannot see
your tweet but if you're the President
of the United States and you are
blocking people from seeing your actions
well I mean you're supposed to represent
them a number of issues come up out of
that and and a judge did say that that
was unconstitutional so he has to
unblock people you shamelessly block
your women so that's the whole Franky
joke okay so so today somebody
presumably not Donald Trump at one of
his staffers had to go and one by one
unblock the people that he had blocked
now why had he blocked him cuz they were
making fun of him no but hold on just
let that sink in for a second the party
that accuses its opponents of being
special little snowflakes is being led
by a man who is blocking people on
Twitter simply for criticizing him he
literally needed a safe space okay okay
I don't know if it's literal if it's
online but anyways so he has not
unblocked some people out of
even though he is constitutionally
required to Rosie O'Donnell continues to
be blocked that's so that was personal
but a staffer or whoever it was had to
go around I'm blogging these people and
then one of the comedian's best calleb
delighted in that he was had to do this
and then said oh yeah
I now block you okay so that's fun
but here's one of the main reasons it's
an interesting story but one of the main
reasons I want to do the story is a
Young Turks house was blocked and then
had to be unblocked and so has defeated
Donald Trump in court Jules loves EV and
one of my favorite names he says I get
it right every time he's on the Friday
power panels often he's a really smart
funny guy and apparently he had
irritated Trump enough to get blocked by
him so great work Jules and so he did a
little you know dance today too after
defeating Trump and I don't know if he
actually danced or if he danced like
that there's a little bit of a
celebration and bless his heart so score
one for the Young Turks none for Donald
Trump except for when he won the
election anyway hey oh baby we'll call
it one-on-one we'll see you by the way
in 2018 so super proud of Jules on that
and I have to be honest I'm a little
bummed that I wasn't on the list
you know I apparently didn't get under
his skin enough or early enough or
whatever it was but I'll try harder so
great work here by Jules and and and the
most importantly the judge for saying
hey don't be a knucklehead this isn't
about your personal peak and your ego
and your pride you're actually supposed
to be representing the people of this
country Christy Teegan and Stephen King
were also blocked
I love Christy Teegan okay it was
blocked after she tweeted the drum lol
no one likes you but but he's a child so
he's like what do you mean no one likes
me everyone likes me
I'm looking
a likeable person in fact he literally
said that evangelical leaders yesterday
was on the show today where he said I
could tell when people like me I'm good
at that he's like at one time this kid
Tegan tweets at me no one likes you and
then I could tell she didn't like me I'm
good at that lol I'm clear be as
unblocked her yet should get a lawyer
