you're about to watch ana kasparian do
what she does best fight for progressive
values she's doing it at political 2018
but she does it here every day at the
home of progressives TYT joined today by
clicking the link in the description box
below
that's all you
I don't say anything yet
oh yeah
I'm going to help everybody introduce
themselves let's start Marcos and just
tell us who you are why you're here and
where you're from and then you know if
you want one fun fact about yourself so
my name is Marcos melissa's I am a
founder of daily coast which is makes
its largest online political community
political community of any kind actually
and I'm here because we had a lot of
work to do we still haven't finished it
so that's what I'm hearing about myself
I when I was in high school in suburban
Chicago I can paint for Henry Hyde and
I'm still doing penance for my youthful
indiscretion ski
Wahl said let me earn my applause but
thank you I appreciate that
I guess the fun fact is I drink a lot of
seltzer as many of you already know and
yeah from New York and that's pretty
much it looks hop into the issues my
name is Bakari sellers
I am from big walk South Carolina where
we have three stoplights in a blinking
light so a very small town very happy to
be here today I was in the South
Carolina State House of Representatives
for nearly a decade Iran - lieutenant
governor in 2014 and the reason I'm here
with you guys today is because I didn't
winning that race one fun fact about
myself is I went to law school because
the LSAT is the only exam that doesn't
have math I'm terrified of math because
I skipped two hats a whole grade when I
was coming up
I can guess that chair too small the
world of Seltzer last night and we drank
together you guys are you got the glow
to the fire and also check it out and
I'm here because we're gonna have a
great discussion among friends among
people who actually want to have a
discussion so I looking forward to that
and also the only I mean there's many
fun facts I guess I'm you know the
resident salty bitch aunty whitey but
that apparently right now I feel like
this chair is eating me alive big on a53
so I can't sit back so let me just start
by addressing forgive upon the elephant
in the room this is a panel asking the
question should we be social there are
no to my knowledge socialists on this
panel and and I think I think to a
certain extent people up here are
interested in some socialistic policies
some degree or another for the sake of
this panel I think the the idea of
socialism hat is as both totally through
time
and an independent underneath speak to
but for the sake of this panel socialism
will mean total democratic control of
the Me's production small fee not the
democratic party means control of
production and I should just say along
lines of my point about essentials are
changing if you look at the Socialist
Party platform from 1912 which listener
sent me many of the proposals that were
proposed at the time we now see already
implemented in the country a five-day
workweek an eight-hour workday no child
labor something to along lines of Social
Security min wage three of the
precedents already there but progressive
income tax and so what I'd like this
panel to look at is to what extent
should we embrace socialistic policies
and to what extent as those of us on the
left as within the context of electoral
politics were you know a month away less
from 2018 midterms to what extent should
we embrace the labels of socialism and
the policies ceramic torille standpoint
but what I'd also like to do now start
there it's just give us a sense without
justifying it where you are on that
spectrum from the left to the idea of
total democratic control the means of
production which would mean basically
the major industries controlled by
workers essentially or perhaps the state
so just just students a sense so that we
get a sense of where everybody is on
this spectrum sure I don't know
whe--where I fall on that spectrum but
what I do know is that I'm a proponent
of a mixed economy so I do believe that
there are certain programs that should
be socialized whereas other things
should be left to private industry so
just to give you a quick example quick
rundown our prison industry should not
be privatized in any way a profit motive
to imprison people and that is precisely
why we see this ridiculous drug war
dragging on it doesn't need to I don't
believe that the basic essentials for
life including health care should be
privatized I think that we've kind of
experienced the downfall of that but I
also want to encourage innovation I
don't want the government to make my
shoes as Jake uses an example of on a
regular basis janky dirt my colleague
and so again I think when it comes to
the essentials of life I don't want to
see the government play a huge role yeah
I think that of course education health
care we don't need profit there and in
fact I couldn't people are better served
when the problem is removed but I'm
really a true social democrat where I do
think that there are certain elements of
society where a mixed economy is best
now that being said if you asked me to
do I am I more comfortable with social
democracy and on the Left being pulled
by socialist ideas than fascist or
cartoonish libertarian ideas I said no
no let's let's engage with the socialist
ideas and then figure out where we're a
meat rather than with some of those
other ideologies so for me having
actually served and been an elected
official I find myself someone who
understands and believes that government
should play a role
when we're promoting equality and
fairness and justice right just like you
and I think everyone on this panel there
is no role for a for-profit prison
system not absolutely none right but
there there are for example coming from
the full role SAP they're all they're
all roles for private industry to play
there are roles for private industry to
come and supplement what government is
not doing about for example and I public
school systems in the South many times
we don't have the opportunities one of
the things I voted for which I'm very
proud of was what some people call quote
welfare but it was a 750 million dollar
package we publicly defended elsewhere
but to bring going to South Carolina why
is that important because in the South
you can improve your schools unless
she's bringing industry but you can't
bring in history and unless you include
your schools and so here we are
something to kind of find that balance
the government should play a role when
we're talking about quality when we're
talking about fairness and we're talking
about justice so I would say I'm largely
in agreement with what I said and what
David said I my personal politics or
more Social Democratic than anything
else but at the same time I think that
what needs to happen in this country we
need to shift the Overton Window away
back to the left because as of right now
that Overton Window is pretty far right
where you have Democratic politicians
like Joe Manchin for example he wolf
with Trump sixty-one percent of the time
that's an actual number that's you know
come 538 they track everything you need
to talk how often you boa Trump so when
you have a democratic politician
involving local Trump 61 percent of the
time and you have the so-called moderate
Republicans who vote with the
Republicans 89% of the Carnatic senator
time it's a rigged game so even though I
personally don't believe in the social
ownership of all of the means of
production I think there's actually a
space for that in the conversation where
people can drag that over to you in the
back the left because
the only way you actually get social
democratic reform if you have actual
socialists in the conversation because
you're gonna find that middle ground
you're gonna find that you know that's
the compromise point and I don't want
the compromise point to be Medicare for
all free college living wage ending the
wars a new deal legalizing marijuana and
new drug war and I really think the only
way to get to that point is to have
people who are to the left of Bernie
Sanders and myself and most of the
people on this stage to drag that
spectrum back though
it sounds like you're pretty much it
improvements so I'll actually take a
little specific policy freedom without
realizing that corporations are actually
almost sometimes the bigger footprints
in taking away our freedoms whether I
don't feed them to clean air people
privacy in the world where you have
trillion dollar corporations
you need government to provide a check
to protect our individual liberties from
the encroachment from that capital so
that I otherwise absolutely look on that
person
sure okay I really like that point
because I think that the left can
actually use that frame in our language
to our advantage because oftentimes
people say about the left oh you guys
just believe in big government when in
reality it depends what the question is
it depends what the issue is so I
actually want a much smaller government
when it comes to the NSA for example
who's doing more on the spying on
everybody
I won't much smaller government when it
comes to the drug war and the fact that
we have people locked up when they
really shouldn't be locked up so I think
it's very anything when it comes to
something like abortion most people on
the Left would say I want the government
more out than in already to have some
regulations so I feel like we can take
that framing of freedom and we could use
it to our advantage and the left never
does that they deceived the ground to
the right and let that define you know
what is it isn't freedom and they get to
pretend like they're the only ones for
freedom when I would argue it's actually
the opposite all right so mcaren let's
start with you because I think to a
certain extent the
you know from the perspective of someone
who has run for office
to what extent should there be
socialistic messages like how much like
it's it's certainly I mean you know
Marcus and I have been you know talking
for 15 years at a time we're coming out
you you were liberal was completely
delighted by the right people would run
from the word liberal on the left
because of their fear of being labeled
such from the right now to the extent
that there's any hesitation and using
the word liberal it is because concerns
from the left at least within the
context I think of like a bond line that
the arena that a lot of us deal with but
from your perspective from a messaging
standpoint right I'm curious how broadly
from a natural standpoint but also
regionally where do you think that that
messaging is so I think it's it's vastly
different because I think that
individuals have to run their own races
in their particular states right you
have to run your own races wherever you
are whether or not it's school board or
your local elected office you have to be
able to fit the community that you're
running in that that's first because in
order to get to these values and policy
points that you want you have to be
elected
so I differ slightly because
about joe manchin for example right
professor for me for me it's a practical
reality that if I want to Supreme Court
justice I have to have 51 United States
in it correct and for me to get 51
United States senators I have to have I
have to be a part of it not just Bernie
Sanders and a little Elizabeth Warren
but I also have to be a party of doug
jones and joe Manchin right and for me
that's a very practical reality because
we just went through an entire because
it for example when joe Manchin leaves
the United States Senate you're not
gonna have anyone there who expired with
your beliefs or my beliefs or anyone
beliefs well I think he voted for
Capitol in Frankfort my only point about
that is that yes he both having a
mounting point of that is that the
reason that we habitat about the reason
that we are we do not have to be just as
Merrick garland it's because we do not
have the majority of the United States
Senate because if we fight we'll get a
majority the problem with that is that
yes that sounds amazing
I mean I don't want to get too
sidetracked here but what would be the
primary data point that you use Kyle to
say that in West Virginia for instance
this gentleman right here just said it
Richard Oh Jenna is the answer district
that Donald Trump won by 49 points
there's now a Democrat leading by five
points and the reason is populism
because he said I'm going to fight and
I'm not gonna back down and I'm gonna
tell Kiki wing
giant cut a bit but we have had an
election since the last elections okay
so the the argument is that based on the
polling in a district in West Virginia
not just that I have more so also the
fact that the Democrats lost a thousand
seats under Barack Obama's ideology
Nancy Pelosi is ideology Chuck Schumer's
ideology this idea this idea that the
moderates like Oh give the moderates
their chance
you've had it for the past 40 years I
think so do you say that joe Manchin has
just been a necessary evil and we can
see what Democrats just it's not even
know the strategy is that the 10 is big
the strategy is that these litmus test
the strategy the strategy is that the
strategy is that litmus test sub right
the strategy is that litmus test sup and
the reason that they suck is that
because you have a litmus test you would
not have a United States Senator that's
a Democrat from Alabama correct you will
not have you wouldn't have a you would
not have the Stasi agents you would not
have an energy killing we would not have
these individuals for egg to be
progressive for their particular state
and imagine their own values if you want
to have a litmus test then we then you
can have a litmus test all you want
however you will not be able to
effectuate the change that we want to go
on the stage I mean yeah to sidetrack
here but anagon so I agree with you in
that oftentimes litmus tests are not
productive and so I think that the
important thing to focus on is
not and left versus right but more
importantly the issues that both sides
seem to care a lot about and those are
the populist issues so let me give you
an example when Donald Trump was running
one of the things that he said over and
over again was that he was gonna protect
Medicare that if you do not want to cut
Medicare
now that we've passed these insane tax
cuts for the wealthy there's talk about
cutting Medicare and that is not a
popular thing to do in fact mr. Bob just
had an interview where he admitted we're
gonna have to cut these very popular
program politicians don't want to do it
because it's popular that wasn't a right
versus left issue that's a populist
issue so I think the issue that we're
happy with some of the more moderate
Democrats is not that they're trying to
cater to their constituents but that
they can see too much on issues that are
extremely popular with their
constituents
go Marco I just want to jump in this in
a second burger boy has to be a certain
level of practicality speaking of a
mansion he actually signaled he would
have voted against Kevin I had we got in
cause he wasn't gonna cast the vote that
was going to cost him at home to lose
anyway no I think that's obvious 61% of
the time we can have Richard or Jenna a
Democrat who can go in a second quit
saying that but I'm saying that's the
loss of text because joe manchin had a
primary challenger and we're getting the
Democratic Party the childhood was from
the left that's right if she walks I
gentlemen I think I don't think there's
any way this group who can say is
anything other than a corporatist and
acromion and and I think it's quite
possible that in terms of like cheer
idea ideology on this panel we've got a
separate to the left we have two
separate I think it's important for the
sickness conversation ideology thrown
tactics in messages I agree because I'll
tell you I would go further than any
others panel terms what I would
nationalize that said we know there
would be no a privately owned power
generation in this country if it was up
to me but that doesn't mean that doesn't
mean that 65% is it better than 85% or
90%
okay in terms of voting but but and it's
quite possible that your your theory is
correct it just hadn't blown itself out
I mean we can agree on that even the
Democratic Party in West Virginia
the child to the left said
and can I just make it you can I just
make a just a statement from good
because I understand that I am probably
outside anymore it's probably one of the
more moderate people on this panel right
that's okay you walk out in the hallway
you consider way to the left you know
politics it moves its ways but this is
this is when we talk about messaging
just messaging perspective when you make
swipes
based on ideology and someone like
Barack Obama for example right that is
when there is a large population in this
country then says that we don't want to
hear the rest of the message
right and so and I thought was just to
your point when you were talking about
the politics of Nancy Pelosi and Barack
Obama and that's the reason we have got
drunk and I you know I understand what
you're saying but from a messaging
perspective I mean if you want to have
issues with whatever the policy is
that's fine but it's very hard for
people to once that once that swipe is
left it's very hard for people who want
to listen to the rest of the message
that's all I'm saying I just can I got
sure there's a data point for that when
I do the thing that I'm concerned about
is I didn't want to ultimately be
defeatist for left-wing populist calls
that are overwhelmingly popular I want
people to acknowledge and recognize that
a lot of these left ideas are actually
really popular and oftentimes we just
kind of run away from them and act like
well obviously the right is correct and
their framing and we need to pretend
like we're not for Medicare for all
because we don't want to lose an
election but the reality is when you
look at the polling data seventy percent
of the American people if the Medicare
for all right now even fifty two percent
of Republicans are for Medicare foil
these ideas I think there's poetry it's
not the Democratic Party it seems now I
would say with the the the average
Democrat running for Congress I think
has it embrace at least phenomenally met
catwalk let's say joe Manchin for
example just to usually keep using his
example let's say he came out tomorrow
for Medicare for all you guys tell me
okay so let's say he actually gives a
hard yes on it do you think that will
hurt him or help him in West Virginia
not just with policy it's also good
politics you know embrace left wing I'm
now I'm just saying that Joe Manchin is
going to do the politics necessary for
there to be a Joe Manchin well the
difference between 50 and 49 is talking
about policies that all of us appear
advocating for the difference between 50
United States senators and 49 United
States senators it's huge and it's on my
only point is that politics lovely Joe
Manchin has to do to combat we need your
mansion right there because we need that
deep from West Virginia
we want to move towards you know at more
socialistic policies why focus on the
germ mansions as opposed to let's say
the chuck shoes and I don't mean just
earlier but you have a reliably safe
route state shouldn't be you know
there's two things to separate here
except to know what is the argument this
is do politics very well based upon what
we've seen in terms of the past thirty
Republican judges who just stated
through Chuck Grassley public sort of a
fast one on versus versus the the
question of like is she so settlement is
learning it's a blue state sufficiently
to the left to pull that over to the
window or the center of the Democratic
Party to the left it's there are
problems in organizing and building that
support for those primary challengers
and I love primaries I think that's
where we fight these battles not the
general election one still Mason has a
nomination work like oh I haven't
got a wrong with the guy in the
primaries so I think that there are so
many other factors that come into play
that we're discounting while we're
having this calm
station so for instance you have to keep
in mind that one of the most important
one of the most important factors in in
being a competitor in politics is name
recognition and media attention and it's
incredible the type of blockade that new
candidates have to deal with when it
comes to the media and getting the word
out about what you know what they
advocate for what they stand for what
they're running on so that was an issue
that justice Democrats for instance ran
into when it came to several people have
no interest in covering anything that
was going on media ignored Alexandria
crossover Cortez until she won seven lis
the issue that I think a lot of people
are having on the Left isn't just the
fact that you know there are too many
concessions to the right but it's the
fact that they cower to the right on
issues that are tremendously popular
their issues are popular in their own
districts and then the final thing is
when it comes to the Chuck Schumer's of
the world
look they get elected promising all
sorts of left-wing policies but at the
end of the day once they start taking
that corporate money they change their
tune real quick and so what we need when
it comes to litmus test the only litmus
test that I would argue is incredibly
important everyone should pay attention
to is whether or not these candidates
are taking corporate PAC money
I actually agree with that in theory I
really do
I'm not a big proponent of unilateral
disarmament that right but I think that
I think for example of course a perfect
example of this is I think that citizens
united is like one of the worst things
to ever happen to the United States of
America
just undoubtedly we just pull up about
politics to a point where it's
unimaginable
however we were talking about VIP
candidates winning races right candidate
being able to achieve that level of
media attention and good candidates
being able to win in those primaries
when I say I'm not a fan of unilateral
disarmament I want to take away
resources from them right I don't wanna
make sure that Bernie did I heard
somebody echo that Barney did it correct
but we can count on one hand or two
hands how many candidates have been able
to actually do that and so well but my
little thing is that we all off one to
six of total you didn't do that well
yeah you're advocating for very similar
positions on the left and I think the
only difference you have that we have on
stage is I want to actually make sure
that individuals get elected to
implement that change and it's not just
the platform that people are running on
I don't want them to have the resources
necessary to actually get to the finish
line win because if they can with the
platform well I think the I mean I think
the argument is is that that platform
that we're talking about is it intended
by taking that money and that is I think
we're sort of a are you know lc1 in a
blue district we've $25,000 right and
that is very hard to replicate across
the country but it's obviously possible
in certain areas I mean they build upon
you know we build upon these successes
let me ask this guy
I got one fact I got a drop on everybody
first cuz rectly it directly relates to
this so it was a great article in the
intercept that came out last week there
are four Congress people right now who
don't take corporate PAC money after the
next election there's gonna be over 40
because of honestly unapologetic
activists on the ground on the Left
saying we're not gonna take your BS
anymore that's what's moving in the
party and I think this shows that you
can win because I understand your point
about unilateral disarmament
I don't just argue that I don't think it
actually is unilateral disarmament
because it's such a powerful message
when you tell the people I'm not taking
formal PAC money and I'm gonna represent
they don't I'm not disagreeing with that
I am I am saying though that if you are
in a poor rural area right and you're
running against somebody who's been
established and been there for 20 years
right and it's taking money from
advanced American named all the bad
actors that you can possibly name right
from payday lending to private prisons
acceptor acceptor and you're a historian
yes
you tell your constituency that you tell
them that you have these grassroots
activists that I believe in that right
and people are giving you all they have
I'm not just telling me that there are
certain parts in this country where all
they have will still not be enough to
the magic resources they're also we're
also living in a fairly energized time I
mean russ feingold did not take that
money yeah and if there was ever a a
pollster senator so we're not taking
corporate that money
it was just on hold of final mccain so
it's not it's not so boy and I think
that's the
yeah so I would have agreed with you
until third quarter of fundraising
quarter this year because the way
there's very few Republicans that have
outspent the no credit components even
in safe Republican districts this year
the flood of money right now actually
they've been where they've been blowing
out blowing into House and Senate races
no car so the idea is it is definitely
possible the fact that 40 members of the
house theoretically could be in Congress
you know condo member or a January who
are out taking back when we see this at
blue money where you know it's going to
state Senate races as well as you know
Vanna Rourke raising such an enormous
amount of money
hopefully it's both sustainable and not
math because very little work
we don't know what he's gonna do so the
battle theoretically could be common
senator from from Texas and not only be
concerned you know the issues not best
how he raised money to get that seat but
how his opponent
six years from now how much money
they're gonna have and how much money's
gonna be spent during that time on
attack ads against them because you can
talk to any senator who will tell you
there's two aspects is right it's not
just a my expect during the elections it
is the money that's spent during the
legislative period in terms of lobbying
and have a threat that sort of walk into
your office and said guess what we're
gonna dump 10 million dollars against
you and there's nothing you can do and
so this gets back to that bounce and I
think they're there in practice there
may have to be a balanced but I think
Kyle's point that you know that you need
your mansion to vote
if you vote that 40% of the time so that
Merrick garland gets in ex machina may
reverse citizens united birth defect
Calvin Oz I'm never gonna do that so
here's my question pal yeah and asked
this gentleman curious your firearm in
the short term Joe Manchin is primary
and he loses him in the primary
obviously my point though is that's
obviously a fact but I think that it the
more a democratic politician represents
the people and democratic values the
more likely they are to get elected even
in red districts despite everything
you've been told because I honestly
think it's largely propaganda that
notion that that's propaganda from
somebody who ran in 2010 somebody ran in
2014 that is not propaganda so these
races that people are running the race
that Doug Jones ran in Alabama was a
very hyper local race that focused on an
Alabama issues and yet just a pedophile
that's it that actually makes my point
he's not right because that's how and
he's still barely one he wanted because
of summer when he came in late in the
middle of the night and so that's
actually my point is that these things
are very very difficult that's why again
to think about what you were saying how
much testing you actually gave evidence
to this living assess are not
appropriate because we have to have
people who fit their districts and I
think that that is the look that that is
important first and foremost what does
that mean just take your Joe Manchin and
that's it well but the point is is that
none of us live in West Virginia like I
said I'm curious in terms of like the
litmus test we're talking about are
largely irrelevant in the sense that
like okay I mean there's nothing all
right you know we can all have a litmus
test as to what the senator from West
Virginia stat but there's really nothing
that we can do about it beyond what I
think to a large extent you all realize
like there's something else in that
people expected their original press
about Chuck Schumer once we had power
then we have the ability to set an
agenda and we could put a pressure on
the caucus to actually govern the credit
party I'm sorry yeah I just like there
was a time not too long ago when
Democrats didn't have power they had
power in commerce they had power of the
executive branch and we got pretty much
nothing yes
what makes me the most jealous of the
Republican Party is how they fight they
fight so aggressively they'll get
anything done Cavanaugh could affirm to
the Supreme Court
we don't wanna got elected everyone in
the country people who now have voted
for Trump we're on his side yes right
people wanted change and we kept get any
5% change we kept getting incremental
change and people are fed up with it
I mean the Affordable Care Act
Republicans have already dismantled it
they took the mandate away taking the
mandate away dismantle it though there
are there are millions of people in this
country because of the Medicaid
expansion that you get in the Affordable
Care Act and now have health insurance
you have Ledbetter which was passed and
his first one let's not this whole
pooping on a legacy of an individual for
badda-badda majority for two years
battleguard 40 years that's insane the
House and Senate you actually have the
Affordable Care Act you have people who
are now covered me did you know that
c-section
that means c-sections were not covered
by Blue Cross and Blue Shield because
they didn't have to be a pre-existing
condition so to say that incremental to
say that incremental change is
last point on this because this is a
different panel let me be absolutely
clear about what I mean when I say
incremental change the Affordable Care
Act no doubt did accomplish incredibly
important things I'm not trying to
minimize that however there are still 28
million Americans who are uninsured
we're dealing with unaffordable premiums
we're dealing with unaffordable
deductibles I should know if someone who
has good insurance but still have to pay
$3,000 out of pocket for no husband's
shoulder surgery we could have
accomplished more that's what I'm saying
if Republicans one of the publicans have
control you see what they do in a short
period of time yes I mean I think it is
an era though where the Democrats are
now at Medicare for all
and I think it's it's very hard to
present a counterfactual that without
without the ACA we would be at this
point or not it's very difficult to sort
of make that assess I'm not sure I doubt
that now I can tell you as someone who I
think my disdain for Joe Lieberman is
unrivaled
but perhaps anybody Louisiana today and
Joe Lieberman was not going to go that
much further there's there's I think
there's an argument that the Democrats
could be more aggressive doing this
stuff in reconciliation and whatnot but
the durability of the ACA and I think
the ACA part was oversold the patient
protections like we're talking about
pre-existing conditions are durable now
that you're Republicans who are running
all those achievements and - they're
simultaneously doing a lawsuit to try to
take them away which is
which is problematic for them because
you have like I say almost every
Democrat running for Congress in the
country maybe 80% is willing all that
very thing right now and and so from a
political standpoint I think there's two
things that happened one we had that
baseline that was moved up a little bit
and we had other groups that have come
in and reacting against the the lack of
aggressiveness that are failing I mean
justice Democrats like the DSA are
thrilling that that battle and are
driving a lot of this so the Democrats
didn't have a super majority under Obama
and for 18 months and the point is they
could if they really want to if I was
Barack Obama I would have called every
single Democratic senator every Blue Dog
Democrat into my office and told them
straight up listen if you don't vote for
a medicare-for-all bill I'm sorry but
we're gonna come against you better yeah
there's nothing there there's absolutely
there's absolutely nothing about that
that's Rudy it is a political reality
there's the case the case that DEP that
politicians who lose that there is a
central part of pop hero that is
spoiling the leaders of all these
Democratic politicians as opposed to
them all acting in their own interests
or out of their own cowardice or
whatever it is there's no one entity
that controls these people so there's no
lobbyists or pretty there's no lessons
for the Democrats to learn because if a
politician loses they don't go back and
run again as a different politician if
you can show me an example
I mean this has been said a lot about
corporate interest and all this other
stuff as it relates to Barack Obama but
I want everyone to understand that the
largest gains we've made when it came
the criminal justice perform run in
Barack Obama okay and let's not let's
not act like that didn't happen over
yeah we talked about private for-profit
prisons the ban of the DOJ actually
doing business in contracting for
private for-profit prisons actually
happened none of the writer lunch and
brought a bomb this would be this would
have been a good panel to do the legacy
of Obama and I think there's some
relevance to it but I think you're a lot
of what we see here is a function of
frustration on Senate level
just fight or not but we've got a lot of
questions that's missing for the sake of
its many parties as possible
question two sentences gently the
premise just honestly the question to
start on this side so this is in order
to top the country from the right to the
left I kind of talked about to tell the
country from the right to the left what
do you think how do you think the
impression respond to the to the
procedural warfare that's been waged
something for the past we disarmed
procedural front I mean the blue
slippery judges what's the thing that
that would separate us and then when the
reporter took over Congress and then
never fix it in 2006 that basically
Republicans is more the idea bring it
back the filibuster Donna Donna Corson
who actually played the game very well
what's Harry Reid I mean he reasons
everybody came we're talking about
procedurally right put the Senate in an
OP and later push through things like he
read at the time Harry Reid hello my
name's Tomas
my question is you call for socialist
policies within our democratic
Democratic Republic and an out
centralized power of multinational
corporations housing increasing clunky
governance and socialist policies going
to protect the average American when the
commonality between big government and
big corporations is that big equals bad
all into that Russian you or at least
two-thirds of this room if we are our
general human population will be living
in poverty in our retirement were not
the Social Security
the most along I did not have Barbie
tonight well listen you also have you
also have Richard I'm talking about in
America yeah when Social Security was
you are not two-thirds of the population
social insurance then the event
something horrible happens from you to
you or to put a little more Alice's or
your mrs. miles particular name
BCU she's you have insurance sanity
events so tried to be happy you are
still not live in poverty tonight so
oftentimes when we talk about the
government's role the government's role
in these social programs we talk about
the Social Security the Medicare all of
that but one thing that people don't
know much about because it doesn't get
talked about is the entrepreneurial
state how much money on federal
government invests a private companies
private corporation so just to give you
one quick example of that our federal
government actually gave Elon Musk
five billion dollars in in the
development of his businesses right so
these private corporations may
wouldn't even be around hi my name is
nation Mara and I had a question
regarding money in politics you were
stating that you don't want to remove
all the any options no money from the
elections wouldn't that level the
playing field and not make these huge
amounts of money that's being invested
in saying the same thing I'm a huge
component I think that but you can't
bomb on the point is that we can't get
to a point where you would you would
overrule the Citizens United for example
or anything like that
until you actually have the votes that
matter to Supreme Court and if we want
to supplement first well I'm not a big
fan of opening up the Constitution as a
slippery slope to me but
constitutional I would I would make sure
that access to a first-class education
and quality health care will be the two
things - sighs I was wondering how we
could bring the the attention using the
argument of socialism against the
incremental change that we all hate
including me especially when I'm sorely
the atomic mass boxed up their chances
to upgrade daca be a doctor recipient
myself if Sarah Widow brings attention
to to issues like that using socialism
wait would that oppress it fall for
doctors Republicans in charge
yeah then I'm cat-sitting funny huh it's
what you say no no they didn't fight for
this what I'm saying
yeah no they did Chuck Chuck Schumer
took a promise from Mitch McConnell you
know Democrats could have fought back by
refusing to vote to fun of the
government if Republicans didn't sign
legislation protecting daca recipients I
mean I think that is I mean we could
have an extent abate on this but that
was tactically one of the stupidest
things that Chuck Schumer could have
possibly learn we need to stand there
talking I mean this is Kevin very much
in the weeds but in December of 2017 the
Republicans were looking at a nightmare
of the December and Chuck Schumer Nancy
Pelosi walked in and just wrote a couple
things off the plate for you and I think
that was but that was probably I think
ultimately again Chuck Schumer having
some type of problem with politics that
question because actually how did he
talk about socialism in addressing that
issue cuz it's actually I think we as a
party hip of automatically those of us
who've been around for years know that
we have to deal with with a Ben Nelson
and Joe Lieberman and all those assholes
now next year with the start of the 2020
presidential race you've been up see the
entire field it took me about 20 people
running price of admission to be
considered they can it's gonna be
Medicare for all it's gonna be
it's fueled and helped by the akashic
Cortez's and those successes so we are
moving in a direction now socialism is
such a you know kind of buzzy word and
the right to make use of that he's in
sort of being that anyway right so I all
right Thank You social assist but I
think we can support this is doing a
good job in redefining or not redefining
define what that needs to be a
democratic social and I think that's
comfortable and I think the Democratic
feel is going to have to adopt that if
you talk about messaging because a lot
of this is about messaging it's kind of
the right is kind of dug himself into a
little hole that it comes to socialism
because they for eight years every
single day they woke up in the light
rock obama's associate is your social is
your socialist and an option
what happened was what happened was we
saw the stock market go from 6,000 to
20,000 we saw income levels rise among
all the new grafic groups we saw
unemployment rate for all given graphic
the group's paying in half and so when
people started raining him as a
socialist of socialist of socialist
Indonesia this economy's just grow in
boom now the like wait a minute he's a
moderate Republican mama was a moderate
but oh the bottom line to I think is
that we are far enough away from what
people who grew up with the Cold War
proceed you know socialism was it was
just a dare burglar we're further out
from that but Manning father
no testing on to do that I came to this
maybe because it asked the question
should we be socialists in Independence
Hall it's kind of an interesting
question I got to see the fall of the
Berlin Wall
I saw the impact of centralized planning
and I think you would advocate that
litmus test and centralized planning but
well it always ends up going that
question just accused us of being
central planners we should ultimately
because I believe socialism is the
antithesis of our human nature more
local and you're trying to do these
globalized policies national policies
and that and that whatever you want
lowly we have small businesses it's I
guess the government very good so well
the answer the question I don't think we
should be socialists I could tell I
don't think our founders would have
black either they've set up a system to
stop social but show me how you would
make this work well the answer is I
totally disagree with your frame your
premise is wrong so I don't know if you
hear earlier but I said earlier is on
many issues the left should talk more
about freedom because we actually are
more in favor of freedom and
independence and individuals
talk about ending the drug war that
means I don't let the government out of
your life when I talk about nd
warrantless NSA spying that means I want
to go and you liked it you know I
conservatives like to do this where they
say oh my god Cuba Soviet Union bad
things and stuff and response because
everybody asks what we do says social
democracy right Sweden and you just
disregard that response and that's why
we get frustrated and why I've seen man
thank you my question is for the Psalter
sellout so earlier we're talking about
Joe Manchin and the impact that he has
right now and I understand I mentioned
that Joe Lieberman and the disdain you
have for him so if the Democrats were to
retake both houses of Congress and the
executive branch let's say 2020 wouldn't
Joe Manchin just become another Joe
Lieberman where he would be an
obstructionist to our progressive
progress well unless you play politics
properly which the Democrats don't like
I was saying earlier in regards to Obama
if I was in Obama's position back when
he had a supermajority the amount of
pressure I would have put on not just
the Blue Dog Democrats but also the
so-called moderate Republicans I don't
have made their life a living hell
unless they voted for my agenda because
I'm here to fight for the American
people I don't care about anything else
so I'm gonna fight for them as far as I
can people in West Virginia I mean you
might have hated him for a long period
of time
but he really even went off the
reservation after he was no longer
Democrat when he was serving as a
the reason why he's crying
obstructionist obstructionist movie but
we had a term for it back in the day the
Foxes to trash static rats Belson did it
Joel nation doesn't do that well just
cuz he doesn't say it's nothing it does
it let's continue
look god is that your mansion house
voting records no it's more disciplined
in terms of by the Democratic Party by
by and by the Democratic Party I mean
what people are going for and where
people are polling on like you know
ultimately as the party moves to the
left it's much easier to discipline a
Jenner mansion once he's in office you
know yes Joe Manchin will definitely be
somewhat problematic if the Democrats
take over but the idea is that you've
got to have enough ballast so that
germench becomes irrelevant and I think
when you say long term
my whole point can be some down to this
in the long term we can get a Richard Oh
Jenna in Joe Manchin see
I don't know okay okay don't let the
right confuse you about socialism versus
social democracy this is something
they're doing now to confuse and divide
complain
understand these concepts they're not
the same thing there's very few actual
socialist policies being advocated okay
just never be afraid to speak your truth
to power whatever that is this debate is
something that we don't often get and so
it's healthy this is very healthy and
don't let anybody tell you that thanks
everybody for coming out either they
appreciate it it's awesome that you're
all here
sound good but to sum up my point if you
run on an anti-corruption message and
you run on a populist message you will
win everywhere red district blue
district court the district doesn't
matter excuses of being socialist so
let's redefine what that means and
educate people on what they real what
what democratic socialism is and it's
actually things that as she's mentioned
earlier hold really well we're not out
of the means too many exists pochittona
