yesterday we spoke about Alex Jones and
how he appeared to be a bit of a
hypocrite when it came to the
transgender community he said some
pretty terrible things about the
transgender community in the past and
then he got caught with transgender porn
on his cell phone and so a caller wanted
to ask him about that and his response
was fascinating
take a look um and also um what about
the trans porn on your phone Alex are
you order to talk about that say that
again
trans porn on your phone that's all they
keep talking about and you know I saw a
couple news articles about that it's
ridiculous I was like looking up some
reporter we're trying to hire today and
punched in some number and it popped up
porn on my phone everybody's had porn
pop up on their phones
hundreds of times so I'm sitting with a
phone on air showing it to everybody
because I couldn't get a URL up in the
studio and then like something pops up
like oh my god and I looked at it wasn't
the news blurted out because there was
nothing there they blurred it to then
say something was there then you went to
it was some porn menu I probably had
porn menus pop up 500 times on my phone
so I appreciate your call I mean it's
the same ladies and gentlemen there's
two types of people people that look at
porn and people that lie about it but I
wasn't looking at porn on my phone I
don't take phones on air than I look at
porn on and so I saw all that I didn't
respond to it I mean if I respond to
half the attacks on me it'll be
ridiculous but I'll say this the Amazon
ads the viagra ads the weird non plastic
bag ads are taking my iphone over I
thought didn't used to be that bad like
Android my favorite part of that was
when he said there are two kinds of
people those who watch porn and then
those who lie about watching porn I do
not watch porn to be fair to him and I
don't know why maybe but he did clarify
that he doesn't watch porn on a plane
and he went on to say like the different
environments that he doesn't watch porn
in but presumably he watches it in the
comfort of wherever which I don't want
to think about I have never had porn
randomly pop up on my phone on my debt
even on my desktop computer
I just doesn't happen but it happens
hundreds of times for alex jones
probably 500
guys it's not like there aren't people
who watch porn on it I'm pretty pretty
sure there's a lot of you right I've
heard it from some friends of mine so
has porn popped up magically at when you
didn't do anything
500 times on your phone has that on your
iPhone okay
actually the popups are much likely less
likely on an iPhone 500 times
Oh golly gee there's another what
transgender porn thing just popped up
out of nowhere I mean if it was going to
pop up it would be when you were on a
porn site and more porn would pop up but
you would be on a porn site and it would
likely pop up to the kind of porn you
were already watching okay so all these
guys and the crazy right-wing and they
judge you and all this stuff
remember when Ted Cruz who accidentally
tweets porn they were watching but Ted
Cruz did it on his own account incest
porn incest porn and it was like the
stepmom was looking like don't know like
she was so curious okay hey and and then
we just if it was a Democrat he'd
already be at her office but God Cruz
incest porn fine we're moving on right
and Alec shows wants to watch
transgender porn which apparently is now
a reality okay if you didn't attack
transgender people the problem is in the
transgender porn is that you are a
hypocrite who attacks trans people when
apparently you're incredibly turned on
by them because they happen to pop up on
your phone 500 times yeah exactly like I
mean son is poppin born by accident so
in the past we've done so many stories
about right-wingers who have like all
this anti-gay rhetoric they don't want
gay marriage all that and then you later
find out that they're gay and so why
wouldn't similar situations occur when
it comes to the transgender community
you speak out against the transgender
community you think they're terrible
they're godless yada yada but secretly
you'd like to take a whack at it yeah
remember he said darling to destroy us
maybe he's looking to get destroyed by
them I don't know okay Alex free
yourself and by the way that was a very
poor queue
from him I expected better I expect all
the deep state took over my phone it's
not it's an alien force have you heard
about the new TYT audio network we have
some great new shows for you find us
wherever you get your podcast by
searching for TYT Network or head over
to T y-t-dot-com
slash audio
