drive it right where your crazy help
build the home of progressives by
becoming a TYT member click the link in
the description box below
lou dobbs is both a ridiculous figure
and also kind of a dangerous guy and in
this video we're going to show you both
first to have a little bit of fun here
he is talking about the migrant caravan
working its way through Mexico and our
top story tonight the caravan of mostly
Central American immigrants is now in
the Mexican city of waffle da the
tonight where although I ain't gonna
catch it we play this next one actually
and see what do you go for there Mexican
city waffle da now you got a full credit
to Seth Meyers Late Night with Seth
Meyers a closer look I saw this the
first time oh my god was funny I could
look I don't I don't speak Spanish is
that a place well I have trouble with
French writing they're French words I
really have trouble saying but it first
of all that's different
which it is yes I think the paint like
look I've mispronounced things and I
will continue to that's my right I think
the pain has a little bit less to do
with his obvious unfamiliarity with and
distaste for Spanish and more adieu with
that as we always say these are robots
that sit down in front of a teleprompter
and expect that their talent that they
have is that they can read but he
doesn't know that word and he doesn't
read the script probably so when it just
pops up he was like one line above it
didn't know that he was heading off a
cliff and then he sees it he's like oh
I'm looking for it ever since I've heard
it I'm writing I couldn't Seth Meyers
said that he was trying to say Mexico
City which i think so
but before you because you know lou
dobbs was an executive vice president at
CNN from it's like Inception on until he
left he left once he came back he left
in 2009 finally and then resurfaced
about a year later at the Fox Business
where that show is the
he should go live by the way he should
do the store the show from flight into
the International Airport the but I so
you're right
it is in a sense but he is I mean he
owns that show so he's not just the
mouthpiece of that show I don't know I
doubt he writes it obviously you're
correct that he hadn't read it over or
you'd think he would have had a closer
idea of what to say but you know he grew
further and further to the right he's
now a big Trump cheerleader he's a
disgrace to America and a threat to the
institutions which have protected us for
for 240 years he's also just this huge
fraud because I know you didn't want to
do this but we're gonna do it anyway
because they have it so so when he left
CNN in 2009 he looked like a
distinguished guy whose hair had turned
white do we have the photos I think we
do so when he left in 2009 that's what
he looked like
he shouldn't be looks good he looks like
this I think the color he was going went
into the beautician and he was like look
at like you could dye my hair and turn
it into I'd like it to be I get that you
don't want to go gray or whatever but
your face ages your hair has to age a
little bit you see moving in the
opposite direction I'm not saying I'm
never gonna dye my hair either by the
way right now I don't but like but if
you if you're hearing the term deaf I
don't but if you see your hair on
television right if it turns white on TV
well man the cats out of the bag
we know exactly
now as I alluded to he is not just a--
but he's also a dangerous guy by the way
there was a little bit of that in that
clip I don't know if you caught it but
where he said mostly Central Americans
now look it is possible that he is
making this like very nuanced
differentiation between people from
Mexico Central America South America
maybe that's what he means maybe he's
trying to imply that there's Middle
Easterners in that Caravan I think with
him in particular we don't need to give
him too much credit but it goes beyond
that in tweets that he has since deleted
he was let's say not buying the whole
domestic terrorism thing yesterday and
today so he said this on Lou Dobbs
tonight is yesterday I'll take up why
FBI and ATF hasn't informed the public
about contents of suspicious packages
whether hoaxes or bombs they were
clearly designed to influence election
why I like to think that he asked why am
I writing this this is absurd he then
went on just like that's complicated
you gotta read multiple sentences
there's punctuation and stuff then he
just says fake news fake bums who could
possibly benefit by so much fakery he's
running the show he's using manga he's
using a hashtag manga then let's see
yours on fake news has just successfully
changed the narrative from the onslaught
of illegal immigrants and broken border
security to suspicious packages let's
get back to left-wing driven caravans
and the Doom's who encouraged them so
but again just think okay I'm sorry let
me because the put that can you put that
tweet back up for real quick last week
last week for theta news just
successfully changed their no you guys
made up the narrative right I mean I'm
not saying the caravan doesn't deserve
some news coverage not for the reasons
they're covering and I would say but
they totally created this coverage they
decided I mean Fox News decides every
day what to cover and as Jonathan Larson
the head of TYT investigates and point
out how you cover something is less
important than the decisions you make
about what to cover right and then how
you cover it of course matters too and
what Fox does is deciding this is what
the thing is this and they managed to
change the narrative that's what they do
all the time and that's what the
mainstream media makes the mistake in
doing by paying attention to Fox News by
keeping Fox News on in their newsrooms
across the country and in their defense
eventually eventually you feel like all
right well they're half the country's
talking about you follow to this idea
that half the country is talking about
it yeah but they set that agenda and
then they amplify it by bringing on a
different guest each day to say
something new about it yeah right so the
story keeps growing and keeps amplified
so how is it somehow the fake news found
a way to make
pipe bombs in ten different packages
sent across the country who made that
story so okay which part of the fake
news sent out ten pipe bombs like how
did the structure of that thought
doesn't even make any sense
so because the caravan is such bad news
for libs somehow the fake news puts
together for ten pipe bombs to send a
bunch more lives to change the narrative
but they didn't make the news it
happened they were saying it didn't
happen are those things invisible is
this virtual reality that we're dealing
with because they happened there there I
mean if this is the deep state and and
and corrupt Dems I mean once again huh
dims corruptive that's actually a little
clip once again then then we've been
straight ten fake bombs right but we
couldn't swing 38,000 votes you know we
got three million more votes than your
guy right did they send any bombs to
Wisconsin right didn't think of it yeah
George George Soros Oh George Soros put
that bomb at his own mailbox yeah it's a
risky move um yeah there every like the
this is their TV show this isn't CR TV
or YouTube is a TV show that gets
millions of dollars spent on it and he
just says left-wing driven caravans
there any evidence after two weeks of
them covering it that the left-wing is
involved at all in what apparently is
another spontaneous caravan of the sort
that has existed for literally years if
not decades no but he can just say it
even though he's paid millions of
dollars and he's considered reputable by
some people the dims who encourage them
and I don't think he's saying that the
media sentient I think what he's saying
is stupider he's saying that the media
in covering it at all is helping to
change the narrative they should have
been able to see that obviously these
ten bombs are fake as he does and they
shouldn't have covered it that is absurd
and it's great projection to like only
in a place like Fox News that actually
does coordinate their message across
multiple shows could all of these other
places at CNN MSNBC have chosen together
not to cover it or to cover it he
actually thinks that other media outlets
work the way that Fox News does but as
he said fake news fake bombs now that is
just accepted go on Twitter you know go
on read it all that right-wing
just accept it let's bring up this
picture this was outside of the Senate
debate in Florida fake news fake bombs
so they just accept yep and again I sort
of said this at the at the outset I know
we don't have much more time but we have
come to accept we have normalized so
much in this country if in ten years ago
there had been a bomb sent to the former
VP that would have been the biggest news
story for one to three weeks it's ten in
the last day and instantly it was fake
instantly it was a distraction and a
hoax and a false flag not just on some
conspiracy theorists show but on the
biggest right-wing media outlet on the
planet instantly it was fake and we've
just accepted it and a significant
portion of the country saying I don't
care I don't believe that it's true but
even if it was true even if they tried
to assassinate the former president the
former Secretary of State former
senators former VP of sitting
congresswoman a celebrity a billionaire
simultaneously I don't care that is
America and sadly they don't care but at
the same time if there's a news article
with that's well sourced and written
about something that's actually
happening in Washington DC that
implicates somebody that they're
supporting their president oh they are
crying
but in pipe bomb sitting the mail oh why
are they getting so excited what are
they covering this for do you upset
about coverage about real things that
are happening that's what they're crying
imagine if we were able to coordinate in
ten cities across the country
random people through ten glasses of
water on ten right-wing pundits they
blow up like they took Tommy Lauren
getting soaked a bit ten times more
seriously than what might be the largest
coordinated attempt at domestic
terrorism in the last decade at least I
don't remember I mean there's been
attempted abortion bombing abortion
clinic bombings but this many
simultaneously and they can't even
pretend to care let me say some about
liberals I have never successfully
dialed in to a conference call on my
first try and I don't think any others
have either because they give you the
code but the code is on your phone and
you got to dial the numbers you got to
look back and get the code it's like
okay oh and you're like yeah too
three seven nine eight five one four
three pound two eight seven nine four
three what if I'm like what you see
click this subscribe button below and
don't forget to ring the bell to never
miss another video from The Young Turks
