tonight we have shown the rest of the
country hasn't even been 24 hours since
Andrew Gilliam a leftist gubernatorial
candidate running on a platform of
abolishing ice universal health care and
raising the minimum wage delivered a
stunning upset to his centrist opponent
once again showing America that maybe
progressive policies work better than
polite corporate kleptocracy but of
course it's Florida so the last thing we
need to do is to monkey this up that's
Ron de santis gillum's Republican
opponent in November
he's a Trump guy dog whistling not so
subtly on Fox News you know because in
America you can't have a moment to
celebrate your victory as a black
progressive without some hog engaging in
racial agitation
why else would DeSantis run hard on
building a wall in Florida of all places
Ron loves playing with the kids build
the wall what wall dude you want to
build a wall on the ocean well dude the
scientists can't be racist his voice
middle name is black of course who could
forget that De Santis is surrounded by a
group of awesome backers like his
national finance team member who was
recently suspended from Fox News for
being too racist you're out of your
cotton-picking mind getting banned off
fox news for being to raises like
getting banned for my toys for being too
thirsty
so obviously it's getting definitely not
pg-13 anymore over-the-top thirsty now
here's the thing the modern Republican
Party in the aftermath of the Trump
takeover has completely given up on the
notion of decency okay they've proven
over and over again that they are not
above resorting to overt and covert dog
whistles on national television at this
point a Republican vote represents
support for just two things a believe in
restoring white supremacy and protecting
your right to own an entire arsenal
after all Guilhem who could become the
first black governor of Florida didn't
even run on his race he didn't run on
identity he ran on real solutions to
help Floridians he ran on progressive
economic policies so he's not the one
making this about the race I'm a stomp I
agree please share this video with your
friends to expose the racism in the GOP
don't forget to leave your thoughts in
the comment section below
and to continue this conversation live
follow my twitch at twitch.tv slash
hasta nabi where i'm live from 7:00 p.m.
to 10:00 p.m. pacific each night also
please
TYT member to support our content and
this has been the breakdown do you want
to make your commute or your daily
chores more enjoyable well I have some
great news for you my friend if you
heard about the new TYT podcast network
you can find us wherever you get your
podcast by searching for TYT Network on
itunes google podcasts or even stitcher
or you can head on over to tea
y-t-dot-com slash audio
