so tonight Bernie Sanders Bank candidate
wins in Andrew Gilliam and he gets
credit for it but he also got
discredited on the nights to this
candidates lost like Abdullah Saeed who
was running for governor and Michigan
another really dynamic wonderful young
progressive and a lot of politicians
don't take a lot of chances so Biden I
think is 10 for 10 in his endorsements
why is he a great party non secatur no
he goes and backs the guy who already
has an excellent chance of winning and
has a giant amount of money and he might
do it earnestly that might be the guy
that he thinks is you know is the best
candidate but he's not taking a lot of
chances Bernie takes a lot of chances
which then leads to a lot of headlines
on days he loses like haha the disarray
and they're not winning and Bernie's not
effective and there was a lot of
articles after the Michigan and Kansas
races about how ineffective Bernie
Sanders was because Abdo lost
Brent welder lost etc but if you don't
take those chances then you don't get
Andrew Gilliam and you don't get
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes in that case
concert Cortes was just Democrats
obviously now you know very happy with
Bernie Sanders and and they oftentimes
going to endorse the same people deeply
progressive etc but if the just
Democrats didn't take those chances we
never would have gotten across here
Cortes if Bernie didn't take these
chances we might not have gotten Andrew
Gilliam so I think that people are
obsessed about the wrong things so on
Washington like our cares so much about
their winning percentage this is about
their reputation and their so-called
credibility how about you go and fight
you fight for the people you believe in
and you might get improbable victories
and you won't know unless you try
I don't think Bernie gives a damn which
is also refreshing like I don't think
you know you can sit here and say oh
he's getting blasted because you know
so-and-so didn't win and so and so on
Brent well didn't win and then and we
didn't do as well and in Michigan with
the governor but that's part of what the
risk is too it's like be damned to those
people who are criticizing me we're
gonna get our victories where we get
them and then we're gonna move forward
we don't care about the wimey we care
about the people who lost but you know
we're up uphill it's the same attitude
that we talked about earlier before
Michael got her back when this was fun
the that that that that's why Bernie ran
and nobody else ran and in 2016 because
I don't have those kind of friends you
know exactly right exactly right because
people would have said Oh Bernie you're
gonna embarrass yourself don't I'm sure
they did say that
don't run Hillary is invincible she just
lost in 2008 but they believe it they
believe the Machine is invincible they
and I'm sure that they told Andrew
Gilliam I mean look we read you the
polls earlier in the night he was in
fourth place as recently as three days
ago let alone when he started and no one
believed in them no one right but it
turns out if you try you might
accomplish amazing things and and don't
care about what other people have to say
I mean if what do you think the
mainstream media is gonna come in or
more mainstream politicians are coming
be like you're running against
incumbents or people that we've endorsed
well you know good job hooray for you
now of course they're gonna tell you
that you can't win so don't believe the
hype and that's what part of why Siena
and I think a lot of people in
Washington don't get why progressives
love Bernie Sanders because he's gonna
fight for you whether it's going to be
good for him or not other politicians
are calculating is it how is this gonna
play for me how is it gonna play for
Bernie he goes hit and goes all right
let's roll up the sleeves I I like
Abdullah Saeed here's a good guy
I just gave him the Trump arm on me
sorry no I like I like Andrew Gilliam I
like him a lot so that's why we like him
that's why we appreciate him and that's
why we want to get in the fight form so
it's a great night for Bernie Sanders is
a great night for progressives it also
gives a little bit of relief to
Alexander Acacio cortes I think to have
Andrew Gilliam take a little bit of the
attention away should I think was you
know overwhelming and overbearing as it
would be to anybody who just was thrust
onto the stage and the way she was I
think that's that's a good thing - yeah
and so in let me back that up with one
last thing so there's other progressives
who one leg is I keep telling you all
night long as we do this coverage live
at twenty and by the way always check
out our coverage is on every election
Itoi t-dot-com slash live you'll always
find
there are other progressives who 124
just Democrats have won so far
Cara Eastman with a great victory in
Nebraska Center but for whatever
attention reason it didn't get as much
attention and but Alexandra Craster
Cortez victory was a turning point now
Gilliam is the second turning point if
we keep going we'll be back in the same
place but but so now it the other thing
that happens is you got a costume Cortez
over here and kill them over here and
Bernie Sanders over here wait a minute
we got a team yeah right and and now you
got a whole bunch of people so it's not
like one eccentric person or one person
it's a it's a movement and you and I and
all the young turks viewers we knew that
all along you knew it if you were
watching rebel headquarters and we were
interviewing Andrew Gilliam and we were
interviewing Alexander across the cortes
and yes a lot of the candidates who lost
- and a lot of the candidates almost
almost all the ones who won right but a
lot of other people didn't know and now
they know
so this tonight's a giant deal and we
appreciate all the people who took those
chances including Andrew Gilliam who ran
when nobody thought he had a chance okay
now oh I'm gonna read you one YouTube
super chat and then we'll go to those
races because this is really appreciate
it the signal that's his handle it wrote
in and it's very very nice I said I'd
like to thank TYT for changing my life I
came from hopeless and homeless in
Broward to finding hope in progressives
movement and I did not intend it it just
happened that I'm reading this common
right after we were talking about the
movement he said I took my new life and
fighting back I got 20 friends and
co-workers to vote Gilliam super
emotional Wow see but that's how we do
it together so thank you brother thank
you for watching thank you for saying
those incredibly kind words but most of
all thank you for actually participating
and believing if you didn't believe in
other people that you didn't believe in
didn't volunteer for Andrew
he wasn't no one so on his behalf and on
all of our behalf
most especially thank you to you guys
