oh no Cassie says mainstream media
tomorrow and Gilliam win fluke what wins
in Florida can't possibly translate to
the rest of the country that would be
hilarious in this case I'm gonna be
naive for a second and say I don't think
so I think they're gonna say this was a
big deal and it was a shocking upset
victory and they're gonna probably make
a big deal out of it because it really
is a shocking upset victory it's it's
not as shocking to us because we believe
progressives can win to Washington
it's like based on the polling plus they
think progressives can't win it's gonna
blow their head and hence exciting
headlines is what I predict any three
Florida headlines I have do you have it
lines I have a CNN Headline go ahead
give me the CNN three Florida papers
major victory for progressives look do I
know my politics and even for those guys
who I don't you know mainstream media I
got a lot of criticism for but you can't
not see that this is a major victory for
progressives and a shocking upset going
to balance it Fox News Kenyan wins
primary ah the Andrew Gilliam scores
stunning victory and Democratic
nomination for Florida governed for the
Tampa Bay Times Andrew Gilliam makes
history is Democratic nominee for
governor for the sun-sentinel that's
Fort Lauderdale and then the Orlando
Sentinel Andrew Gilliam shocks Gwen
Graham to face Rhonda Santos and the
Florida governor's race good good
articles yes there are headlines their
actual headline is Florida decides
Sanders back to telecine mayor Gilliam
wins dem race for governor now Fox
noches
oh well Fox might think like that's the
way Florida governor stunner progressive
mayor wins dem primary see they're all
saying progressive I told you New York
Times
Andrew Gilliam Andrew Gilliam a black
black progressive and Rhonda Santos a
Trump acolyte win Florida primary okay
so I was gonna say this earlier as we
were doing all the different reasons why
this victory was so important I'm gonna
go a little further and say I think this
might be even a turning point because
this is too many progressive victories
now in one primary season you have to
think about it from their perspective
not our perspective if you're a
progressive you're the Young Turks
you're not that surprised you saw Andrew
Gilliam on rebel headquarters you saw
Alexandra Casa Cortez on the air all the
times that we covered or etc but you
have to remember in Washington and this
is what I've been telling you and you
can see it in their coverage generally
they think they're enormous ly
dismissive of progressives and they
think a progressive that get buzzed up
and so when it does happen and it
happens over and over now 24 justice
Democrats that one Gilliam was not one
but he was backed by all other
progressive groups and he just Democrats
mainly support congressional races just
a couple of governor's races it doesn't
matter at all so wonderful progressive
backed by all the all the right people
and so when he wins and that's another
unmistakable progressive clearly the
most progressive in the race at some
point even the mainstream media SEO well
that is less that is kind of piling up
now I've now written I wrote the first
headline as a fluke I wrote the second
headline and we talked about on the show
and by the way thank you for
participating this is what I mean when I
say you guys are the Young Turks we read
your tweets live on the air as we do
these election nights and as we do all
of our shows and and every time we
forget you spur us to talk about the
headlines so thank you for your tweet on
that and and on all the other election
nights we predicted ahead of time as you
guys did in your tweets that they will
do dismissive disdainful it's a fluke
it's eccentric etc right and we just
surrender your tweet and thought no this
one this was different and I think it is
and I think we might have turned a
corner here and and the degree to which
this race is important we talked about
its importance in November as you know
stylistically and from a messaging point
of view what does it say if a
progressive pizza Trump acolyte right
but there's redistricting after the next
census there's voting rights in Florida
perhaps yeah almost really the most
important state in a presidential
election to have whether Democrats are
able to control the legislature a
governor who can veto legislation that
disenfranchises minority voters who can
influence the direction of the
legislative sent
to redistricting a fair and equitable
ray that actually represents people
Florida that it's huge so there are very
tangible tangible reasons why literally
every progressive every Democrat across
the country needs to put an Andrew
Gilliam bumper sticker on their car and
send him 25 bucks
yeah bucks 10 bucks 25 bucks whatever
you can yeah 100% right I was just gonna
say the same thing his websites Andrew
Gilliam calm we'll have the link down
below if you're watching later on
YouTube or Facebook because that was
last minute it's GI ll Andrew G I ll um
come again we'll have the link down
below if you're if you're watching this
later on YouTube or Facebook in the
description box or the comment section
but guys because this is step one and
it's a huge huge step progressives
winning in the primaries but remember
the whole point is to win of course and
get and get into power and and so and
part of the point is not just to attain
that power in one seat at a time but to
prove conventional wisdom wrong that
running Republican light corporate back
Democrats is not the winning strategy I
know how could they possibly believe
that they have lost over a thousand
seats over the last ten years doing that
strategy but they will like you know
through their thick heads but if guys
like Andrew Gilliam beat the Santa's who
will now be declared by Washington as
the favorite because hey we know him
he's an established he's a Republican
he's legitimate he's a congressman
this guy's mayor of Tallahassee and he's
a pretty current and he's not dating
corporate money you're not gonna win big
Sugar's gonna be on the other side right
well if Gilliam then beats the Santa's
that's the second earthquake you think
and it cannot be denied so he's got to
win and you got to make that happen
donate volunteered you whatever you can
there's no way big sugar plays to
Santa's election night party big sugars
coming to Android and and finally look
guys I want to thank all you guys you
make all these election nights possible
you made rebel headquarters possible we
didn't have more members we've kind of
done that show and and some of you might
have never
Andrew Gilliam who was on the program
you might not have gotten to volunteer
for him or donate for him and so you
think like oh wow I got the privilege of
donating cool no because that means it's
your victory so if you gave him any
money and against the corporate donors
if you if you volunteered for him you
made that happen
so look I know that you guys have done
it for so many different progressives
but this one is gigantic and we have got
to win the general election if we do
remember this is the same Democratic
Party that lost the Rick Scott over and
over with their horrible horrific
incompetence I anybody could bring heat
rick scott was the CEO of a company that
committed the largest medicare fraud in
american history and they couldn't beat
them so if you get a progressive come in
here and and kick the santa's ass who's
gonna run a standard republican campaign
then it becomes indisputable the
progressive path is not only the right
path for policy but it's also the right
path for electoral victories so let's go
Andrew Gilliam
