Alex Jones was well known for saying
some pretty terrible things about the
transgender community and so it was
fascinating to see that during a recent
episode of his show which has been
banned on multiple networks because he's
a lunatic he got caught with some
transgender porn on his phone on his
personal cell phone he's amazing and
sometimes I love you guys right Internet
sometimes I love you so let me give you
the details on what happened he was
filming a segment promoting personal
wellness products on an affiliate site
when he clicked away from the page on
his mobile phone for a split second this
is where I love the internet for a split
second the camera revealed an array of
open tabs including a page titled
naughty tea babe Marisa minx okay so I
don't know what tea babe was and it
turns out the tea babe refers to
transgender babes
I believe when caught he said I want to
give you actual statements that he has
said in regard to the transgender
community he said this is the breakdown
with society and if you don't let
somebody have sex with your car you're a
homophobe you're a bigot you're a
horrible person okay I actually knew a
guy who would brag about having sex with
cars but that's all another thing
addressing drag performers in July Jones
told them we're going to destroy you you
will ascend to hell in the reverse order
okay so this is where it stops being fun
right so talk I mean it's but it's so
over-the-top stupid that it's hard not
to laugh at like what like turns out
when he said we're going to destroy you
maybe he meant it in a different way
like later tonight I destroy do you boo
by the way I'm obviously not hating on
transgender porn the whole point of this
story is to point to his hypocrisy like
he's beaten off to transgender porn
while
Dainius Lee saying terrible things about
the transgender community which I say of
course right so but when he you know
when you get Pat and I don't know what
it means to descend to hell in reverse
orders that like a reverse escalator why
I don't understand but the serious part
is no the attacks against transgender
people is are vicious and remember his
audience is self-selected the biggest
maniacs in the country and they and and
he's also very pro-gun so this audience
that has that is weaponized little in a
couple of literal ways right he and he
gets them to hate transgender people why
because he's got his own issues it's and
that's why you're right out a little bit
and I don't ever make that mistake of
keeping your tabs open they will catch
you every time okay yeah so and of
course he's such an idiot he's like oh
yeah I'll check out tea babes on my
phone and then a wellness product a
mental health with Alex Jones that's
what he's selling are you kidding me
anyway so the bottom line is it's his
insecurities just watched a porn who
cares be whatever you want to be Alex
liberate yourself okay instead you turn
it into fear and hatred and weaponize it
and that doesn't help anybody do you boo
just do you well apparently he was in a
way never miss another TYT video by
ringing the bell below you'll get
notified whenever we publish something
new and don't forget to join TYT and
download the TYT Plus app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
