this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm jared Kushner's real
estate company has been found
committing wrongdoing in pushing
individuals out of rent controlled
properties in order to then rent them
out to people who are willing to pay
more now this is all in New York City
and the way New York City works just
like many other cities throughout the
country with rent controlled buildings
is if a tenant is living in a rent
controlled unit that individuals rent
cannot increase you know a giant amount
in any given year the landlord can
increase it incrementally a tiny
percentage each year and that's a way of
making sure that people have affordable
housing now the only way that the tenant
or the only way that the owner or
landlord can charge more or market value
is if the person moves out of the rent
controlled unit and a new person moves
in at that point they can rent it out
for market value now with that said what
Jared Kushner's company was found guilty
of doing was creating a situation that
was so uncomfortable for the tenants
living in those rent controlled units
that a lot of them couldn't take it
anymore and they moved out so when he
would file for permits in order to do
construction he needed to note the exact
number of people living in rent
controlled units he lied in those
documents so in order for the city to
approve construction they need to make
sure that the construction isn't going
to be burdensome for those living in the
rent controlled units he purposely lied
so the city wouldn't over see what he
was doing or oversee the construction
that was taking place they wanted the
city to essentially greenlight the
construction anyway
The Associated Press did great work in
investigating this and that led to
lawmakers in New York looking into it
themselves and they've issued a fine
that's the update to this story so how
much is this fine two hundred and ten
thousand dollars
that's it yeah they're gonna brush that
off that's no big deal to them so I
think the worst part of this is how they
did it yeah and it's just how the
powerful crush the powerless
is it just an unfortunately the
incessant drumbeat of our lives in
America there are oligarchs who rule us
and Jared Kushner is one of them he was
running the company at the time they
chose to do this that's why they've been
fined and it was good
groups like housing rights initiative
that launched this not against Jared
Kushner they they launched it to make
sure they against the landlords to make
sure that they're not screwing over the
tenants in general by the way one of the
guys who was also doing it Michael Kohn
so if it was a political hit job at this
point they would actually want to
protect Michael Kohn because he's
turning you get evidence against Donald
Trump but they are not because this
that's not what they care about they
care about housing rights yeah so one of
the advocates for tenants said they were
quote weaponizing construction yeah so
so let's let's reduce some of those are
amazing so first I want to tell you just
how widespread this was so the New York
City Department of Buildings fined
Kushner COEs for filing 42 false
applications for construction work in 17
buildings saying that there were no rent
regulated tenants in the units it was
just a flat-out lie okay Kushner COEs
was able to clear out 250 residents in
three years from the 338 unit Brooklyn
building so their apartments could be
sold earning the firm one hundred fifty
five million dollars in sales okay and
to the statement that genk was alluding
to earlier yeah they talk about how they
essentially weaponized construction
driving out tenants paying lower rent
with constant noise ripped up apartments
and interrupted plumbing so that's not
all so I thought when I first heard
about this story that it was mainly just
driving them out with unbearable noise
and sometimes they do it during the day
sometimes they do it during night on
purpose to drive them crazy by the
what we did the Noreaga to drive them
out of the embassy when he was hiding
this is what we do to torture people so
they turned themselves in and so but
they're doing it for profit here and
oftentimes get away with a good job by
New York City and catching them in this
time but it's not just the noise they
rip up their plumbing so then they can
take a shower they don't have any water
they can't brush their teeth they don't
have any plumbing so there was flooding
in some of these units as a result of
that some of the tenants complained of
toxic dust which often happens if you're
doing construction in an old building
noise as we mentioned and rodent
infestations because that's fun no but
think about how bad a guy you have to be
to think hey you know what I bought this
building knowing that it is rent control
it has run control apartments in it I've
calculated that into my cost but that's
inconvenient to me and these people
can't afford this apartment otherwise I
got a great idea I will ruin their lives
until I Drive them for that away from
that apartment and then I don't care
where they go they probably can't afford
any other apartments around here they're
gonna have to just maybe move out of the
city I don't care but I'm gonna maximize
profit how am I gonna do it I'm gonna
release rats basically into their
apartment I'm gonna flood their
apartment I'm gonna cut their water and
I'm gonna do construction day in and day
out until I drive them crazy and then
they leave and this is and then and then
all the society in America celebrates
people like this so they're like yeah
about it hey they're successful what
does it mean to be successful right
successful how by what metric to me
that's not success that these people are
monsters
so yes Jared Kushner who does that rules
people's lives so he could he has
apparently 811 million dollars but it's
not enough it's not enough he's got to
release rats into your house destroy
your life for another couple of million
dollars right and so I want to be fair I
want to give you the reaction from
Kushner COEs they basically have denied
any wrongdoing they say that they're
going to appeal this fine Kushner Jared
Kushner was the individual running this
company at the time that these false
reports were submitted to the
city so I want to be clear about that so
what are they saying happened they're
blaming it on a third party because you
know Republicans the party of
responsibility doesn't want to take
responsibility for what happened here
Jared Kushner was the head of this
company when this happened so how about
the CEO the the head of the company take
ownership of the wrongdoings that
occurred at this timeframe this was
right before he decided to leave leave
the company to go work for Trump
he still has he's still a stakeholder in
the company so that leaving the company
is irrelevant
I still makes money off of it and look
as with the big banks that rip you off
all the time the mistakes are never
against them they're always somehow
against you Oh golly gee a third party
will end up making a lot of money and I
didn't happen to check in that they were
releasing rats and try trying to
purposely drive you crazy if that third
party was costing them money do you
think they would have found out
immediately and it would have regulated
on their ass instead and besides which I
don't even believe them I think this is
part and parcel of what they do that's
why they were fine and this happens all
the time have you heard about the new
TYT audio network we have some great new
shows for you find us wherever you get
your podcast by searching for TYT
Network or head over to T y-t-dot-com
slash audio
