if you're an American just know that
while we continuously hear the
jingoistic nonsense about how were the
best and we're number one which may make
it seem like we feel pretty good about
ourselves keep in mind that Nordic
countries kick our asses when it comes
to one critical factor happiness
according to the 2018 world happiness
report the US is listed as the 18th
happiest country a far cry from number
one but chillin in the top four you'll
find Finland followed by Norway Denmark
and Iceland the report charted a steady
decline in American happiness as we
struggle with obesity substance abuse
and depression according to the Guardian
the report an annual publication from UN
sustainable development Solutions
Network said all Nordic countries scored
highly on income health health life
expectancy social support freedom trust
and generosity Mike Viking from the
happiness Research Institute and Denmark
addressed the Nordic elephant in the
room you know the one that can only
thrive off tax revenue viking says in
the nordic countries in general we pay
some of the highest taxes in the world
but there is wide public support for
that because people see them as
investments in the quality of life for
all free health care and university
education goes a long way when it comes
to happiness but in the u.s. we tend to
base our happiness on something
completely different the second reason
is that they get really focused on
extrinsic motivators external motivators
the pay the benefits the salary but the
truth is these aren't the things that
make you happy finding that internal
motivation that intrinsic motivators is
much more important is it true that we
seek validation from others in an effort
to make ourselves happy in the US you
can't get through a conversation with
someone new without the inevitable
question regarding what you do for money
but in Denmark it's actually taboo to
talk about one's financial success or
career accomplishments
maybe the pressure americans feel to
impress others really does put a damper
on our happiness another factor that
seems to lead to unhappiness in the u.s.
is the ever increasing political divide
which became even more apparent after
the last general election Gallup
conducted a survey of
2.5 million Americans to measure their
subjective well-being that's fancy
researcher lingo for happiness
the survey examined how people feel in
their day-to-day lives across key
dimensions of well-being including
physical health and wellness having
supportive personal and family
relationships financial and economic
security having a sense of purpose and
connection to one's community so turns
out that the result pretty much sucked
21 states registered absolute declines
in their levels of well-being and not a
single state showed a statistically
significant improvement in 2017 when it
comes to political divide you might
expect that states that voted for Trump
would be happier than those who voted
for Clinton but as Trump would say
salute wrong wrong well-being is
actually higher higher where more people
disprove of the President and lower in
states where more people approve of
Trump I guess that makes sense because
Trump voters seem so damn angry all the
time you guys one relax
doll might they yeah that was Spanish do
you feel triggered good the Gallup
survey also found that well-being is
lower in more religious states and
higher in states with a larger
concentration of artists musicians
writers and other Bohemians whatever
that means it's also higher in states
where people exercise more and are more
fit you know why because exercise gets
those endorphins going what was even
more fascinating about this Gallup
survey is that even though the economy
worked its way out of a recession
Americans were actually happier in 20
2009 when they were really feeling the
financial struggles compared to 2017
well-being declined in all 50 states
between 2009 and 2017 these declines are
concentrated in the very states that had
higher levels of well-being in 2009 so
what makes us happy look I know I can't
speak for an entire country but I can
share what I've learned through two and
a half years of complete rockiness and
turbulence I used to get a lot
pleasure out of professional
accomplishments and I guess I still do
but in 2016
I noticed achieving things in my career
yielded diminishing returns in my
quality of life there's a lot of
sacrifice that comes along with
establishing a career and sometimes you
lose the critical balance necessary for
well-being when my work-life ratio is
out of whack I spend less time with
family I have fewer laughs with friends
I lose sight of all the reasons I want
to be successful in the first place
money and success means little if you
don't have people to share it with yes
it's important to have enough cash to
take care of the bare necessities but
after that the things that make you
happy are those sweet moments in life
with the people you love I was curious
what my own family members would say if
I asked them about what makes them happy
they're about to share it with you the
happiest is being able to put my
daughter to sleep at night every night
being there to be able to do that to be
able to spend time with obviously family
is the most important to me after what
I've been going through the past couple
days having a supportive family and
having a supportive wife my happiest
time is when my daughter and my son with
their family is coming to my home and we
have have a nice time together and doing
a lot of activities my family and
putting my health so we can always have
the barbecue and have a fun go together
and enjoy life oh hey Charlie what makes
you happy Bubba is it that bone
it might sound cheesy but think about
the people who make you happy give them
a call
plan a date and rebalance your life
you're not going to remember the
promotions or bonuses in your old age
but you will remember what it was like
to experience life with the ones you
love
you never have to miss another episode
of no filter by ringing the bell below
you'll get notified whenever we publish
something new and don't forget to join
TYT and download the TYT Plus app today
download our TYT Plus app on your iPhone
or head over to TYT dot-com slash join
