Donald Trump has reached an agreement
with Mexico in regard to a trade deal
and based on the details that are being
reported by the New York Times and other
sources the deal mostly has to do with
auto manufacturing and when we know so
far is that the agreement reached with
Mexico is simply a revised NAFTA deal
which so far excludes Canada however
officials from Canada will be traveling
to the United States on Tuesday tomorrow
to also take part in these negotiations
and see how they can play a role now
there are updates to provisions
surrounding the digital economy
automobiles and labor unions the core of
the trade pact which allows American
companies to operate in Mexico and
Canada without tariffs remains intact
okay so as it stands now the changes
aren't really that big but what we do
know is that in terms of the auto
industry
manufacturing will have to be done in
either the United States or Mexico and
workers need to get paid a pretty decent
wage so let me give you the details on
that under the changes agreed to by
Mexico the United States and the United
States car companies would be required
to manufacture at least 75% of an
automobiles value in North America under
the new rules and that's up from about
sixty two point five percent previously
in order to qualify for NAFTA's zero
tariffs they will also be required to
use more local steel aluminum and auto
parts and have forty to forty five
percent of the car made by workers
earning at least 16 dollars an hour
that's good that is good yeah that is
good that was great but the whole 40
percent to 45 percent of the car made by
workers earning at least 16 dollars an
hour 100 percent right like it's a
difficult situation also there's no deal
like there's there is a discussion
between pena nieto air between Mexico
and and Trump and the original deal was
between Canada and the US and Mexico it
seems like I don't know man I I'm not
quite sure about Trump's actual deal
making capability I really
terrible view maker maker but with that
said is there a possibility that this
particular deal is good yes there's a
possibility but I want to be clear that
there haven't been enough details about
the deal to really you know talk about
or analyze the outcome or the potential
upsides and downsides I take this
announcement primarily because it is so
premature to be a on the heels of a
horrible week to be Donald Trump during
after which the man needs a win as much
as he can get it he finally gets
something that looks like a win and he
makes an announcement now I would
compare that to the prevailing sentiment
that like he doesn't seem to care about
anyone on the other side but he wants to
be able to shout into the void across
the aisle and be like I fix NAFTA and if
he can great but right now it seems like
if I was Mexico I'd be jumping on the
opportunity to be like this guy needs a
w so even if he didn't fix NAFTA he
would say that he's fixing NAFTA yeah so
we all know that but again like it
remains to be seen whether or not this
particular deal is a good deal because
we just don't have enough details yet
Trump himself failed to really give the
American people details and and I have
evidence of that so you know he wants to
announce this to the press let's see
what kind of announcement he made first
he tried to get candy pena nieto on the
phone that's the president of lame-duck
president of Mexico right take a look
this is a tremendous thing this has to
do they used to call it nap that we're
gonna call it the United States Mexico
trade agreement and we'll get rid of the
name NAFTA has a bad connotation because
the United States was hurt very badly by
NAFTA for many years and now it's a
really good deal for both countries from
we actually had a good meeting some
people weren't sure
good meeting but I was I have a lot of
good meetings that a lot of people
aren't sure if they were good or not
this is something that's very special
for our manufacturers and for our
farmers from both countries for all of
the people that work for jobs we have
worked long and hard your
representatives have been terrific my
representatives have been fantastic to
say extremely complex bill and that's
something that I think will be talked
about for many years to come and we made
it much simpler much better much better
for both countries I like to call this
deal the United States Mexico trade
agreement I think it's an elegant name
probably a you and I will agree to the
name though the simplest deal is more or
less already made to be very easy to do
an execute but mr. president you've been
my friend and you have been somebody
that's been very special in a lot of
ways we talk a lot you know one of the
things that I'm excited about is you're
gonna be helping us at the border this
is one of the largest trade deals ever
made maybe the largest trade deal ever
made so um okay we learned a lot about
what's in the trade deal um had some
good meetings United States Mexico trade
deal yes I think it's an elegant name
yeah very clever very elegant anyway
Mexico United States trade agreement is
a way better because it would be musta
must have been a good trade deal damn it
Brett must have inning it must have been
a good name I get class from Bart
I think it's skip back there jacory
giving me a hard pass on muster
I think roofers hand is waving on musta
musta must have missed must have not had
a sense of humor now I get a laugh from
jacory I was gonna keep Whitman till it
happened we all need it okay he also
said let's see if Canada can be part of
the deal so he keeps messaging that
Canada might be excluded I don't know
maybe we're not going to deal with
Canada by the way the United Steel so
mentioned that the United States has
been very hurt by NAFTA so that may be
true when it comes to things like wages
or outsourcing of jobs I totally hear
you on that but there's also been an
issue with corn farmers in Mexico and
how their lives have been destroyed
through the United States mass producing
corn something that we subsidize here
and we export to Mexico so it's not all
it's not like the way Trump talks about
NAFTA is oh the United States has been
victimized by this and everyone else is
living this great life because of NAFTA
no NAFTA has its upsides and downsides
just like anything in life and to make
it seem as though Mexico has been
exploiting us is just ridiculous
yeah one thing is like the way he speaks
there when people say are one a
businessperson too and they always like
I want a businessman to be in charge of
the United States that's the discussion
you get that's the kind of statement
that is a CEO and that's how CEOs go
like listen we've got and they don't
make a political speech they say oh my
god the bottom line so amazing we had
some great meetings and great people and
everything and that's all to create more
you know a positive moral or whatever
and he also like mixes that with this
the other bread and butter of his which
is things that people who kind of read
headlines on Facebook would complain
about at work you just said bread and
butter and I got hungry I love bread and
they're so good together
so much carbs but they would complain
about a work and that that complaint
sounds like they're killing us on NAFTA
mm-hm and that's all you have to say
that's all you had cuz there's a
prevailing sentient and he smells that
out like a truffle pig truffle pig okay
god you're so hungry we haven't eaten
today it's been quite a crazy but but
yes if he really wants to help the
worker in America mm-hmm NAFTA you
getting better trade deal I'm fine with
that I'm for that do it what's good for
American workers through your
negotiation process I don't see anything
inherently wrong with kind of pressuring
Canada to get it on this while the
getting's good whatever let that play
out I'm not gonna like just cuz it
Trump's a it's terrible
I agree with you on but let's do
something for unions in America
absolutely twice for workers on things
that are traditionally good for workers
he's trying to reach for workers
at the same time taking away their
protections and his party is the one who
and in Missouri just tried to make it a
right-to-work state which is a made-up
term for non collective bargaining
forgive away your leverage state yeah so
you just touched on something so
important because this is all for show
right Trump makes it look as though he's
looking out for the American worker when
in reality he purposely put someone like
Mick Mulvaney as the head the temporary
head but still the head of the cfpb
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Mulvaney has dismantled it and has done
away with what little protections there
were in place for consumers and so
that's just one example and Trump will
not fight for a living wage Trump will
continuously fight for the big banks and
for the Wall Street cronies that love
his lack of regulations and his honestly
his incompetence which has led to what I
think will be one of the biggest
economic collapses so let's watch the
next video because this is what I was
referencing earlier this is Trump trying
to get Mexican president Ken Pena Nieto
on the phone then I believe the
president is on the phone
Enrique
you can hook them up
you tell me what oh yeah it's a big
thing a lot of people waiting
you wonder what put that on this phone
please allow be helpful
we President Trump
thank you there was I'm gonna be honest
there was no news value in showing you
that but it brightened my day longer
than I thought it did I have no idea it
took a while okay be helpful I'll tell
you what I was a assistant once and my
job was like they hit conference and
conference things in and if you might I
didn't my boss would just lose it so I
felt that right here for every every
assistant who's ever had to conference
people in like and did you hear the
flurry of people taking photos once they
realize oh no he's not on the phone it
was just like he Trump leg looks up and
there's my favorite thing was when he
looked up that awkward life and then he
goes how are you pretty big thing pretty
big thing
we got buttons Spanish press one it's so
good so good never miss another TYT
video by ringing the bell below you'll
get notified whenever we publish
something new and don't forget to join
TYT and download the TYT Plus app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
