an official who was previously working
for the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau has tendered his resignation in
response to Mick Mulvaney who is the
interim head of the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau now Seth frontmen who
is the individual who has decided to
quit his position is the person who
oversees student loans at the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau and this is
an incredibly important job because the
whole point is to protect students from
predatory lenders but what frontmen has
experienced under Mick Mulvaney
leadership has been an organization that
essentially does not look out for the
consumer but instead protects big
business so fraud men will be stepping
down from his position as student loan
Ombudsman at the end of the week he held
a position since 2016 now just to give
you a sense of how incredibly important
this particular position is and how much
it's helped students in the past the
office has returned seven hundred fifty
million dollars to harmed student loan
borrowers since its creation so I want
to give you a sense of why Mick Mulvaney
has been so disastrous he downgraded the
mission of frat mins student loan office
and moved it under the umbrella of
consumer education instead of
enforcement I did a long detailed piece
on no filter which Brett helped me
produce about Mick Mulvaney and how he
has essentially taken the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau apart he has
essentially deal ajith amazed it has
deconstructed it and made it worthless a
worthless agency I mean the whole point
of the CFPB which was Elizabeth Warren's
idea was to have a government agency
that really fights for the consumers
protects the consumers and looks out for
them rather than the interests of big
businesses big banks and Mick Mulvaney
has always hated the CFPB he doesn't
care about student borrowers he's been
very clear about that and now we're
seeing the outcome unfortunately we have
a moral person a principled person
stepping
down because he sees that his role has
been diminished by someone like Mulvaney
yes it makes total sense the person in
charge of all of this ran Trump
University I know you know you just kind
of get it it turns into essentially like
now you look at it through the lens of
well it doesn't make good business sense
to be returning all this extra money to
people who spent too much money and
we're defrauded out of certain elements
their student student loan fee and these
exorbitant fees that have been paid out
there is the details and go read the
whole letter it has amazing excerpts
yeah the letter is fantastic so when
frat man quit he wrote a letter to Mick
Mulvaney various news agencies NPR
specifically obtained that letter and
it's a long one very detailed one but I
did pick some of my favorite excerpts
from it to read to you guys again this
is from Seth frogman's resignation
letter he says the following
unfortunately under your Mick Mulvaney
'z leadership the Bureau has abandoned
the very consumers it is tasked by
Congress with protecting instead you
have used the bureau to serve the wishes
of the most powerful financial companies
in America
ok stop so one of the things that Mick
Mulvaney did is he helped to strengthen
payday lenders I've talked about this on
the show before so payday lenders under
the Obama administration had been
regulated I wish they were regulated a
little more aggressively but they were
regulated they were also facing a pretty
serious lawsuit Mick Mulvaney comes in
and he's like yeah these payday lenders
give me a lot of money in my campaigns
so let's just put this lawsuit on hold
indefinitely yeah that's basically what
he's looking out for he's looking out
for the people who have been preying on
us that's it and it fills if it fits the
entire narrative of Trump putting people
in charge of agencies for the express
purpose of destroying those agencies it
is so transparent that despite what
Trump has said this stuff is not for you
he's trying to like build up his base
which is gonna be blind to it but you
can make noise because if you want to go
these this is getting people at such an
unfairly young
age this is the is a very early chance
to get people in debt it's crazy and if
you realize that the people in charge of
the government it's just so intuitive
that like if you let businesses run amok
if you let people who want to get people
into debt financial service companies if
you let them run them up you get into
the kind of trouble that it doesn't take
a very long memory to remember I know
you look back to 2010 years ago ten
years ago in a financial institutions
run them up got us into the biggest
fubar situation it's since the Great
Depression and it's it doesn't take a
genius to find out why it's just so out
in the open that it's so frustrating and
another thing that's very obvious to me
we need to go to graphic 55 that's him
okay
does this guy look like a villain yes
does he look like a specific villain yes
graphic 56 this is the villain in the
movie Raiders of the Lost Ark for those
are you watching the listening to the
podcast this is the guy that burns his
hand that is uncanny
Nick bulvania Graham 57 is a
side-by-side that is uncanny Bret so the
two of these men here's the thing you
can't opt into around and it's bad to
make fun of people's appearance the
involuntary thing is the perfectly round
head actually I applaud his perfectly
round head not his fault would love to
have had that beautiful but you have to
opt into these glasses and he did it he
opted in and maybe it's because the
round glasses are exactly the same
perfectly round shape as this perfectly
round head maybe he's the same person
maybe that's the same person yep and you
were the only person smart enough to
realize it I'm just saying and when I
was googling photos of these two
this is an official portrait but I was
good someone else did it already but I
had the idea at the same time
or before I'm just saying whoever that
is but yeah
uncanny okay it's very frustrating um so
a few more things that I want to read
from the resignation letter and this is
what I really want to get to so
while veiny has gone out of his way to
protect big banks and Seth frontman
calls him out on that so after 10 months
under your leadership and when he says
your he means Mick Mulvaney 'he's
leadership it has become clear that
consumers no longer have a strong
independent consumer Bureau on their
side late last year when new evidence
came to light showing that the nation's
largest banks were ripping off students
on campuses across the country by
saddling them with legally dubious
account fees bureau leadership
suppressed the publication of a report
prepared by bureau staff when pressed by
congress about this you Mulvaney chose
to leave students vulnerable to
predatory practices and deny any
responsibility to bring this information
to light seth frontmen thank you thank
you because right now it's so hard to
find people in both politics and the
media who are principled who are
interested in doing the right thing who
are willing to honestly hurt themselves
in an effort to do the right thing and I
commend you for this because you do or
did have an important role and that role
was taken away from you by someone who
has no interest in protecting the
American people and certainly has no
interest in protecting students so thank
you Seth Brotman if you ever see this
for doing what you did want to see more
videos like this well you can all you
have to do is subscribe to the TYT
channel below and don't forget to become
a TYT member and download the TYT Plus
app on your phone head over to TYT comm
slash joined today
