what's up everyone welcome to The Young
Turks ana kasparian
and john i rolla with you oh hey Ana you
are do you have like Ana Kasparian
not to be mistaken with the other Ana's
that work here which are none there are
none anyway John how are you doing I'm
good I just came from doing Larry King
mmm I was on with the chief editor of
Breitbart that sounds like a great time
John I think he's very reasonable on
this on that show okay well he doesn't
say anything crazy really I disagree
with him on everything but he doesn't
say any people see that interview I
think on Larry King's website I'm
assuming tomorrow okay yeah definitely
tomorrow because right now you got to
watch this show he ii don't go anywhere
yeah exactly all right in the second
hour brett erlich will join in and at
some point possibly jake will come in
because he said that he wants to sit in
jr seat and comment on some of these
stories
Jerez not in it yeah we don't know we
don't know for sure if jake is gonna
join um he is busy doing CEO duties but
that's okay because i'm excited to do
the show with you John and I'm willing
to do it with you I'm kidding it's gonna
be great it's gonna be great okay
alright so let's get started
unfortunately we start off with some
pretty bad news that broke over the
weekend a gunman opened fire at a
videogame tournament in Jacksonville
Florida killing two later killing
himself unfortunately uh aside from
those who were murdered eleven were
injured and nine were injured by gunfire
to give you some more details into the
story police have identified the
attacker they've identified him as David
Katz a 24-year old from Baltimore
now Jacksonville sheriff Mike Williams
added that he did not know what
motivated the shooting or whether Katz
knew the victims that were targeted or
whether the victims were even targeted
specifically in the first place so the
story is still developing authorities
are really holding on to whatever
details they're not releasing them to
the public quite yet but investigative
journalists have done a pretty decent
job so far in looking into the history
of the shooter and trying to figure out
you know
who he is why he possibly did this The
Associated Press obtained some documents
indicating that he had been hospitalized
in the past for mental health illnesses
and that his parents disagreed deeply
over how to take care of those mental
health illnesses now we don't know
specifically what those illnesses are so
I don't want to speculate on that the
attacker died from a gunshot wound to
the head and that's according to the
medical examiner six shooting victims
described as males in their mid 20s were
treated at the University of Florida
College of Medicine in Jacksonville and
also four were struck in their torsos
while the other two were shot in the
extremities one victim is in serious
condition but luckily all of them are
expected to survive so John I want you
to jump in because this was a video game
tournament for Madden which is an NFL
game this was the first part of the
tournament meaning you know this was the
qualifier and there are some witnesses
saying that the shooter competed lost
then he left grabbed his gun and came
back that's what some of the witnesses
are saying so I want to be clear about
that
yeah I don't know for sure the police I
think in this case are being responsible
and not saying that they know for sure
what the motive is and at this point I
would say I don't I don't really care I
mean whether he had lost and then came
back or whatever this is there's no
logical connection between losing and
shooting up the place anyway so whether
that's the thing that set him off or not
it's not actually the reason he did it
it's something else something more
fundamental but it's awful in any event
I mean eSports is exploding you have
these huge gatherings and people go
there because they all share a hobby
basically and they want to you know be
enthusiastic about it and pursue that
and like with every other mass shooting
no one should have to to deal with the
sort of thing I've seen details on the
two who were killed we talked about them
on the damage report this morning and
you know their friends and families even
though the police at this point perhaps
they have now they hadn't actually
identified for sure the two who had died
but family and friends of those two have
spread their you know their pictures and
information about their lives one had
a family you know like a wife and a kid
at that point and so just you know
obviously tragedy so as you know this is
one of many shootings that have happened
in the state of Florida recently and the
governor of Florida Rick Scott was asked
to comment on the shooting and so during
a press conference he said the following
the first thing people are going to do
is this political fight but let's look
at this this young man and other young
men they're not valuing life something
is causing that as a society we've got
to figure this out every parent has got
to say to themselves what can I do
better
so essentially putting the onus on
parents here so look we have a problem
in the country I feel like we as a
nation as a political party as
progressives like we've become a broken
record there's another mass shooting
more people die we have the same
conversation over and over and over
again we even have that part of the
conversation over and over and over
again right because here's here's a fact
of the matter first off Republicans
they're not gonna do anything about gun
control they're just not we have a
corrupt political system they're getting
funded by weapons manufacturers they're
getting their support from the NRA
they're not gonna do anything about gun
control we know that we're gonna have
the exact same conversation a few weeks
from now if not a month from now we're
gonna have that conversation again soon
okay so you as the voter what are we
gonna do because we need to really
reform politics in the country if you
genuinely want to do something about
this I've been clear about my views on
guns and gun control I don't believe in
banning guns I do believe in the Second
Amendment but I get painted as an
extremist or a radical when it comes to
gun control because people have bought
into this idea that it's a black or
white issue either you have guns or you
don't but what we have right now is not
a common sense system where you have an
individual with mental health issues
getting his hands on guns like it
well should not happen in this case it
should be pretty simple because they
have said for a long time the problem is
people with you know mental
health issues so in this case clearly
this is a reminder we need to do
something about that right you don't do
anything about that that does hurt
that's that hurts it so Republicans are
not only disingenuous when they point to
you know mental health problems or video
games as the real issue behind these
mass shootings they also don't really do
anything about it after mentioning those
things as scapegoats right then are you
gonna fund mental health programs of
course they're not yeah and just to go
through a couple of those we have the
same we should have a segment we have
the same conversation every time the
dana loesch goes on the NRA and says
it's safe spaces that do it I know the
guy in the NRA said that it was
headphones that caused it having
headphones that block the noise of
gunfire is dangerous and thus you
probably shouldn't wear them so maybe
we'll get some sort of headphone control
if we can't get gun control politicians
the Republicans might since their
primaries tomorrow they might pretend
for 24 hours that they actually care
about this it'll probably dissipate
shortly after that and we should
probably also you know while I hate
having to talk about politics in
connection with either this set of
killings or with Molly tidbits at the
time we said well it's a little bit
weird that you're immediately
politicizing this when you always say
don't politicize the mass shootings and
maybe at that point they might have said
it all that's ancient history well it's
coming up and you're doing it again I
mean Rick Scott you just saw there was
saying don't politicize this and again
what happens just Donald I'm talking
about it well it's dependent on his race
turns out he's white so of course the
president doesn't talk about it and
that's why it shouldn't be politicized
but you can guarantee that if it was
someone else of some other race that it
shot up the same exact tournament Rick
Scott would not be saying we're in a
rush to politicize it you if you've
watched the show for a while and I said
these same things I have said these same
things we will tragically unfortunately
have to say them again right the way
that things work in this country right
now indicate that this type of shooting
will happen again in the future and
it'll happen again in the near future so
while it's our duty to report on this
story and tell you about it and give you
our thoughts on it just understand that
this is a conversation that we'll be
having again in another week
if not in another week maybe in another
month I mean mass shootings really do
happen every day in the country we just
don't hear about
over 215 this year exactly so we would
be doing nothing other than reporting on
mass shootings if we were to only focus
on that one topic and it's devastating
and it makes me feel so helpless yeah
yeah and if it was the same exact things
but they were actually labeled as terror
attacks and they were happening this
often they happen at a concert then they
happen a you know counselor inside of a
casino and then they happen at a gaming
thing and then you know all of that do
we have any doubt that people would
demand some sort of change then I mean
what would people not be willing to give
up or change or radically alter to do it
if they thought that this was a string
of connected terror attacks but if it's
unconnected by anything other than our
obsession with guns and our apparent
worship of violence in this country we
don't do anything we don't care because
it seems disconnected it's just a whole
bunch of crazy white people they were
connected obviously since it doesn't
happen elsewhere it doesn't not not in
this way not with this much frequency by
the way Republican candidates in the
state of Florida have canceled their
campaign events in Jacksonville
following the shooting so you might
think oh that's the honorable thing to
do they're doing this - out of respect
for the victims no they're doing this
because they don't want to answer any
questions about gun legislation which
could hurt them politically in a state
like Florida which by the way happens to
be the only state in the country as far
as I know that has actually increased
its support for Trump go Florida so
Republican candidates are canceling
their campaign events in Jacksonville
just to give you some specifics
Republican candidates for governor Adam
Putnam and Ron de santis announced their
events in Jacksonville had been canceled
and what are they offering to the
victims of these shootings you guessed
it thoughts and prayers
so Adam Putnam said our prayers continue
to be with the victims and their
families please cooperate with local law
enforcement and do not hesitate to be
helpful and your community in any way
you can yeah if you're running for
governor and the only thing you can
offer our thoughts and prayers then
you're not a leader you're just like
everyone else also
Rhonda Santa said due to today's tragic
shooting in Jacksonville the previously
scheduled DeSantis campaign stop for
tomorrow in Jacksonville will be
canceled well has been canceled our
thoughts and prayers are with the
families and the entire Jacksonville
community at this time I mean it's it's
amazing I would like to ask for I
believe the least change possible just
to pretend like you care I'm not saying
you have to do anything more than
thoughts and prayers but at least call
it something else say our prayers and
our deepest thoughts are with you at
least word it differently it's almost
like they're mocking us at this point
that they continue to use that cliched
phrase that they know they're going to
be attacked for but they feel some sort
of obligation it's like they have some
sort of contract with the NRA and for
the next two years I have to say
thoughts and prayers I can't possibly
say you know we're really thinking about
you and we feel great compassion for
your suffering they literally can't word
it in any other way well you know what
who knows maybe thoughts and prayers
would help I'm going to show you what
the scene was like when the shooting
took place we're not going to show you
people getting shot you're gonna hear
what it sounded like and let's see if
thoughts and prayers would help these
victims out this will be hard because
not a lot it's not a tough out today
yeah turns out that the previous
thoughts is that our politicians had
doled out in the past and past shootings
didn't doesn't seem to help these
victims out in this case it's so
pathetic they're supposed to be leaders
they're supposed to be individuals who
make difficult decisions to represent us
and protect us that is literally the
only role of government to protect its
citizens that's it and they fail to do
it time and time again it's pathetic
that's I had not actually listened to
that before that is that is rough and I
mean the idea that if we have a problem
and we're gonna try to fix it like the
only things that Republicans are willing
to talk about our solutions that would
begin one to two seconds into that
videotape we're not gonna do anything to
stop them from having the gun he's in
the room he wants to kill you what could
we do maybe maybe the people playing
Madden have guns maybe there's cops all
over the place those are the only
potential solutions when every rational
person watching that knows that the
solution of that problem was that he
didn't have a gun in the first place and
we just have to ask ourselves what are
we willing to do to ensure that people
like that either with mental health
problems or a predisposition towards
violence or god only knows what don't
have guns if they don't need to have
guns so far we're willing to do
absolutely nothing but Republicans have
been willing to cede all of the ground
between him going and buying the gun to
him pointing at someone in a video game
tournament and then they're willing to
talk about hey maybe we could have
someone else shooting at him because a
lot of people could listen to that tape
and think there weren't enough guns
firing then that's the solution
a crossfire that's the solution to all
of our problems in mass violence in
America yeah well we're gonna go to
break and maybe during that break our
supervising producer can brief us on the
next mass shooting that we'll report on
but we'll be right back with more news
we hope you're enjoying this freak
from The Young Turks if you want to get
the whole show and more exclusive
content while supporting independent
media become a member at TYT comm slash
join today in the meantime enjoy this
precinct everyone welcome back to t YT
Anna and John with you before I read
some tea white tea lives I just wanted
to just remind you guys about a show on
our network called We the People which
is hosted by the wonderful and lovely
Nina Turner if you're interested in
checking it out do it the way I do it I
love listening to podcasts and audio
you'd listen to it on the go I'm in my
car I'm driving you got a tea
y-t-dot-com / audio no I loved podcast
though I'm like obsessed with podcasts i
podcast everything what's the very
podcast Michael oh what's my favorite
podcast we'll obviously no filter with
Ana Kasparian you listen to your own
podcast I don't actually I do for
quality control but anyway no I I really
I don't know if I'm supposed to be
promoting this cuz it's not in our
network but I really like the daily yeah
I was Michael Barbara who speaks very
slowly mmm there's a lot of that but
it's a good way of kind of understanding
the inner workings of big news stories
so I really enjoy that but I also listen
to - nina Turner's podcast we the people
I listen to your show damage report well
thank you which is fantastic and now
available as a podcast it is yes so make
sure you guys check it out it's really
good stuff yeah we had a little preview
not too long after today's show was
great we had a book Thomas on and also a
congressional candidate who's likely to
become the first Muslim woman
congresswoman Rashidah Talib was on the
show today you've interviewed a lot of
fascinating people we've had great yes
yeah definitely all right I want to read
some TYT lives for you now Gabby Morita
says can we take the whole safe space
narrative back from conservatives like
is there something wrong with expecting
the places I go to be safe yeah it's
it's funny because they want their own
safe spaces right which I've talked
about on nofilter I will get into it now
just to save time Tom sawaki says people
in Florida are afraid of alligators
sharks red tide and sinkhole
all of them combined don't account for a
fraction of the homicides created
through the lacs gun laws and the
refusal to accept Medicaid funds so true
some of that especially yeah to cover
people properly such a great point just
super fast but I mean this happens all
the time but a woman was walking her dog
in Florida last week and an alligator
was threatening her dog and so she like
tried to scare off the alligator and the
alligator dragged don't repeat that
story I saw it was horrible that is just
terrible
okay first dog lived yeah I mean that's
who she was trying to protect I'm that's
tough thanks for bringing that up this
is Florida it's a great day this is what
Florida's like farest o-mint arrow aunty
whitey super chat thank you for helping
the show asked a question I actually am
not familiar with this controversy any
response to the Donna Brazile tweet
controversy do you know about this oh I
don't think so okay come on find it yeah
we'll look into it during the break
I mean if it's Donna Brazile where this
I could probably guess she said maybe
maybe it was about the reforms this
weekend I'm not sure I actually I don't
think I feel like what let's we'll get
briefed on that during the next break
and maybe I'll come up with an opinion
by then but I honestly haven't come
across that I prefer to predict not
speculate okay moving on to some other
news the family members of an Iowa
college student by the name of Molly
Tibbets the woman who was tragically
murdered the family members are coming
out and speaking out against how her
death has been politicized by the
right-wing now she was allegedly
murdered by a man named Christian Rivera
and there is still some uncertainty as
to whether or not he's in the country
legally or illegally but what we do know
is that he is a Mexican individual in
the country there is some possibility
that he's here illegally and so the
Trump administration along with other
right-wing pundits have exploited this
tragedy in order to make a statement
about immigration into the United States
and Molly tippins's family is not happy
about that before we get to their
statements I want to
you a sense of what Trump has said in
the past to politicize this tragedy take
a look the illegal alien coming in very
sadly from Mexico and you saw what
happened to that incredible beautiful
young woman should have never happened
illegally in our country we've had a
huge impact but the laws are so bad
so Trump has done this in the past where
he has taken family members of victims
who were killed by undocumented
immigrants and has paraded them around
in an effort to spread anecdotal
evidence propaganda about how we need to
squash any and all immigration from
Mexico or Central American countries
into the United States but Mali
tippins's family is not having it and I
actually give them a lot of credit
because their statements are strong and
in this political climate very
courageous because anyone who speaks out
against Trump and his cronies gets
attacked immediately but they seem to be
brave enough to come forward and say no
you're not gonna exploit you know
Molly's death for your political
narrative so one of Molly's family
members this is actually Molly's cousin
sandy Tibbets Murphy says especially for
those of you who did not know her in
life you do not get to usurp Molly and
her legacy for your racist false
narrative now that she is no longer with
us we hereby reclaim our Molly she
continues to say molly was killed and a
man has been arrested and charged with
her murder yes that man is an immigrant
to this country with uncertainty as to
his legal status but it matters not
he is a man whose path in life crossed
that of Molly's life with tragic results
yeah I mean it's we've seen a lot of
things get politicized in this country
in a fairly unsubtle way this is about
as unsubtle as it gets like they're
they're gleeful they're gleeful over
this situation Trump held it in better
than some but some of the pundits on the
right like they can't get
were themselves how happy they are about
this and we know has anyone presented
any evidence that the violence was
because he was an undocumented does that
have anything directly to do with what
he did not that we've seen we haven't
seen anything about that and really if
we if we were a rational country the
conversation that we would have right
now if you wanted to bring up the fact
that he's undocumented would go like
this so news is apparently an
undocumented and we're gonna kill her we
don't actually know for sure but let's
let's say that it is oh wow that's scary
you think we should do something about
it okay well do they commit crimes more
than regular people because that would
be maybe then we should do something
about it Oh both undocumented and
documented immigrants commit crimes at
lower rates than native-born citizens oh
well then it's probably not a gigantic
problem this is a tragic thing that
happened here but it's not some sort of
systemic problem across the country and
they don't care about that and the fact
that they don't care about those stats
show that they don't actually care about
the crime they don't actually think this
will be a solution to crime they care
about the image of it that the theme of
it what it stands in for socially and
it's especially coming so soon after bad
news for Donald Trump they're good as
salivate over that
what's devastating about it is that this
type of propaganda is effective it
really is because I mean if you're right
if you look at the broader picture if
you put anecdotal evidence aside which
is worthless by the way and you look at
actual trends
you will notice first off if you're
concerned about saving lives maybe look
into how laxed gun laws lead to more
mass shootings and more deaths okay
because that's a real trend in the
country that these very people who are
exploiting Mali tippins's death have
absolutely no concern about whatsoever
thoughts and prayers thoughts and
prayers but when it comes to immigrants
you're right
whether they're undocumented or
documented study after study shows you
look at enclaves you look at communities
that are where immigrants are prevalent
and crime rates actually go down but
that doesn't matter because we have some
anecdotal possibly some anecdotal
evidence showing that an undocumented
man killed a woman right an American
citizen so let me give you more from
Sandy Tibbets Murphy she also says molly
was murdered because a man denied her
right to say
no our national discussion needs to be
about the violence committed in our
society mostly by men so when we
previously covered this story I shared
some numbers regarding murders that were
committed homicides that were committed
by white men and I was doing that to
make a point right oh look at all these
white men committing homicides maybe we
should deport them maybe we should
really reconsider what citizenship means
in the country maybe being born here
isn't good enough obviously I was saying
that to make a statement I wasn't being
serious because I don't genuinely think
we should deport white men from the
country but you can politicize anything
you can exploit any number for your
advantage right and in the country if
you really want to have a conversation
about you know violence against women
maybe we do need to address you know the
perpetrators of these crimes
you know Republicans continuously vote
no on the Violence Against Women Act
which is legislation that aims to
provide women with the resources to
defend themselves and take these
domestic abusers to court why do
Republicans keep voting against that I'm
curious sends a strong message to
Republican men that they probably like
and yeah so so her talking about
basically toxic masculinity and men not
being willing to accept a no and all
that but you could even you could look
at that and say well that's politicizing
it hypothetically if I were to like
launch some sort of campaign but at the
very least it seems to have something to
do with the actual killing and not just
picking out one demographic
characteristic of who the person was and
and I would also like to say one of the
reasons I'm so angry about what they're
doing with Molly Tibbets and her murder
is that it's not just restrained to them
being the ones who are politicizing it
we then have to step in and respond to
it because of this racist campaign that
they're involved in but I don't want to
I don't want to talk about any of this
in relation to her death I didn't know
Molly I didn't know what she believed
god knows how she would feel about
someone like be talking in this way but
I feel like I have to step in because of
how how how blatantly racist Lee her her
murder is being used yeah it's pretty
but there's nothing about this situation
that's good and we're being forced into
this position
by really callous politically motivated
self-interested people yeah uh Molly's
father also spoke out and went the extra
mile and thanked the Hispanic community
so I want to give you his specific
statements again this is Molly's father
Rob Tibbets he says the Hispanic
community are Iowans they have the same
values as Iowans as far as I'm concerned
they're Iowans with better food this is
what he said during her eulogy by the
way he continued to say we're at the end
of a long ordeal but we need to turn
toward life Molly's life because Molly's
nobody's victim Molly's my hero I can't
imagine I mean obviously I can't imagine
it happening at all but then having to
respond to this as the family having
this entire machine take her up and try
to use her for the cause is just
horrible to put that on top of the the
pain that they're already feeling and
and to go really fast to go back to
something that you said I mean Donald
Trump is speaking favorably about about
her now but when he sees some of the
negative stuff that the family has said
if more comes out like do you honestly
think that he won't turn and start
attacking her family I mean no one who
is immune to that I certainly would not
put it past him and the thing and then
it will take like that fast his
supporters will turn on the family too I
know I mean so my question is are we
proud of what we are as a country right
now I've you could be applying that to
literally any issue and I would say no
yeah it's embarrassing it really is I
mean we live in a country where people
think it makes more sense to defend a
guy who consistently defames the parents
of Sandy Hook victims rather than
defending those Sandy Hook victims
that's the country we live in yeah yeah
yeah anyway you've all gone mad I'm
gonna stop myself before I get myself
into some trouble with other commentary
so let's talk about John McCain because
that was a big story over the weekend
John McCain passed away at the
age of 81 he was diagnosed with brain
cancer and before the weekend begun his
family had notified the press that they
were going to discontinue his treatment
soon after that news broke that he had
passed away now there have been some
interesting developments coming from the
White House in response to McCain's
death and they are not good so let's
start off with Trump refusing to really
address the fact that John McCain had
died
now first press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders chief of staff John Kelly and
other White House aides advocated for an
official statement that gave the Vietnam
Vietnam War pío W plaudits for his
military and Senate service and called
him a hero but Trump was not in favor of
that in fact according to reports Trump
told aides that he wanted to post a
brief tweet instead and the statement
praising him John McCain was not
released okay so what did Trump say
through Twitter you know that's where he
is this articulate communicator my
deepest sympathies and respect go out to
the family of Senator John McCain our
hearts and prayers are with you so this
is speculation but I would argue that
it's accurate speculation Trump didn't
even write that there were no
misspellings
there was no grammatical error there was
punctuation someone else wrote that on
his behalf and even so it didn't even
really acknowledge John McCain yes I
thought was interesting yeah I didn't
have as much of a problem with the tweet
as most people did yeah he certainly
could have said more about anything from
Trump look this whole story puts us in a
weird position because on one hand of
course we had issues with John McCain he
was a war hawk all of that you know it's
not like we agreed with everything he
did now progressives get ready to be
angry with me he wasn't all bad either
right now Trump has no redeeming
qualities I don't care about Trump
there's nothing that I can turn to and
say man that was good that was a good
thing about Trump with John McCain that
was it was different you know he was a
mixed bag yes he was a war house yes he
said some pretty terrible things
about the Asian community in the past I
got no love for him when it comes to
those things yeah but when it comes to
you know some of the things he was
outspoken about whether it be about
immigrants whether it be about speaking
up against Donald Trump those are the
things that are admirable he was the
rotten golden mccain-feingold he was the
only Republican senator if I'm
remembering correctly no he was the one
who made the deciding vote in the
Affordable Care Act repealed to say if
part of it to save part of it so he
wasn't all bad okay it was mostly bad he
was the vast majority bad yes he was
almost entirely bad but with that said
you are a US president just have a
little bit of class I know that we can't
really expect that from him and he hated
McCain it was clear he hated McCain he
said that he preferred soldiers who
didn't get captured a reference to
McCain being a prisoner of war for six
years yeah yeah anyway so during a press
conference here's how Trump handled
questions about McCain's death
thank you very much thank you very much
everybody
so one other thing that I wanted to say
to juxtapose his response to McCain's
passing remember last week Trump was
tweeting non-stop about how admirable
man afford is that's true this is a man
okay who was working for the Russian
government and was hiding money from the
US government so he would evade taxes
okay and and I do want to clarify that
error I think that there was someone on
this network who said that man affords
convictions had nothing to do with
Russia it absolutely did have something
to do with Russia because he made his
money through Russia through
representing Russian interests in
Ukraine in order to help Vladimir Putin
achieve what he wanted in Ukraine and
then he made 60 million dollars doing it
and hid 30 million dollars from the US
government so he could evade taxes so
the root of that problem was Russia and
the fact that man affort was a foreign
agent who failed to register as a
foreign agent here in the United States
just want to make sure that we correct
any errors that might have aired on our
network with that said though what are
your thoughts on all of this John I
think I mean the obvious thing to say is
it's pathetic but it probably would go
maybe in the top 50 most pathetic things
that Donald Trump has done I mean that
the simplest thing in the world would be
President you have any comments about
John McCain
yeah just like to thank him for his
service obviously you know great great
work in the military fighting on behalf
of his country and a long a
distinguished career in the Senate that
will be remembered for a very long time
thank you
that's the easiest thing in the world
you could say that about it somebody
that just punched you in the face that
it wouldn't be that hard the John McCain
is dead you've won sort of I guess you
hated the man now he's dead you're
somehow still alive
it would be the easiest thing in the
world to just act I pick take your pick
and I apologize if I offend anyone
either act like an adult or act like a
man do one of those two things maybe an
adult man if you've got it inside of you
to do that
simplest thing in the world to just
tweet he you know for all of our
disagreements John McCain did what he
believed in and he'll be remembered as
one of the Giants of the Senate in the
twentieth century that's simple that's
not saying he was right on the issues
that's not saying he wasn't a d-bag to
you or anything like that that is the
most simple thing in the world but he
doesn't have any of that in him he is a
vindictive narcissistic tiny little
manchild that's right that's what we're
dealing with and this is not from my
point of view I don't care about John
McCain really I feel bad for his for his
family and that's what I expressed on
Twitter I lost my father to cancer I
could only imagine what it's like for
the family to do the same thing right
now but he's of your party you agree
with 96% of the votes that he's taken in
his career and you can't work up seven
or eight words to rub together in his
honor no he can't he can't even handle
allowing the release of a White House
statement that he doesn't have to write
himself you won't allow it you know what
maybe it was that the word hero was in
there
yeah and that's why he has to attack
John McCain on that particular thing
which you know she's done terrible
things afterward pushed for policies to
kill hundreds of thousands of people did
about his bad stuff as he can but what
he didn't Vietnam was heroic I haven't
done anything like that in my life have
you done anything like that in your life
course I have it and when and by the way
most of the people watching this happen
it wasn't just that he was a prisoner of
war for years it was that he was being
tortured to give up top-secret
information to our enemies at the time
and he refused to do it in the meantime
Trump didn't go to Vietnam because he
lied about bone spurs in his foot and he
had his personal Vietnam which was the
fight to not get an STD which is a his
quote not mine so that's why he lashes
out because he sees in John McCain's
something that he has never had one
single ounce of heroism or integrity or
honor or any of that let's take a break
when we come back I'll read your tea
white tea lives and also mmm some some
drama involving national enquirer
releasing trump's dorm head from his
contract the
might be some juicy tidbits here okay
come right back
