congressional Republicans are passing
around a document listing all the
potential issues that could be
investigated should Democrats take
control of Congress after the midterm
elections now Trump has a long list of
bad behavior and Republicans have
managed to avoid certain investigations
that Democrats have wanted to launch
because Democrats don't have any power
in Congress at the moment so thanks to
their control of Congress according to
Axios which obtained this list
Republicans have blocked most of the
Democrats investigative requests but if
the house flips the GOP lose its its
power to stymie so what does that mean
what are the potential areas of
investigation that Democrats might want
to take hold up should they take hold of
Congress in the future well this list is
very long but I want you to stay with me
president Trump's tax returns he has
refused to rich releases taxes we all
know that Trump family businesses and
whether they comply with the
Constitution's emoluments clause
including the Chinese trademark grant to
the Trump Organization increases on
Trump's dealings with Russia including
the president's preparation for his
meeting with Vladimir Putin do we know
what that's a reference to so Trump I
believe and I could be wrong but I
believe it has to do with remember Trump
invited Vladimir Putin to meet with him
in the White House and that's since been
postponed I think that's what they're
referring to okay yeah Angela
preparation in terms of like notes or
something I mean there could be more
scandal that were unaware of the payment
to Stephanie Clifford
aka stormy Daniels James commis firing
Trump's firing of US attorneys Trump's
proposed transgender ban for the
military remember that it feels like
that was years ago
yeah yeah there's more so let's look
let's see what it is Treasury secretary
Steve minuchin is business dealings oh
that's a very broad White House staffs
personal email use Oh God okay let's
it's not their first thing White House
staffs personal email use I know we've
talked about it on the show before but
we've been bummed
with so many crazy Trump stories that
like we just forgot you doesn't let it
go we just lock everybody up everybody
I'm including me and you know that's
what everybody go to jail start over
that's why Republicans in Congress are
passing this document along to their
colleagues because they want to prepare
themselves for what's to come if there
is in fact some sort of blue wave let me
give you more um cabinet secretary
travel office expenses and other misused
perks discussion of classified
information at mar-a-lago okay so let's
stop there for a second just to remind
you yeah
Trump officials Trump lawyers just
openly talking about sensitive or
classified information in public spaces
Jared Kushner is Ethics law compliance
dismissal of members of the EPA board of
scientific counselors the travel ban
family separation policy hurricane
response in Puerto Rico Oh election
security and hacking attempts White
House security clearances so the I guess
the procedure for Republicans hasn't
been to hold their own president
accountable for this long laundry list
of scandal but rather do damage control
or prevent investigations and now
they're concerned because if Democrats
take control they won't be able to
stymie investigations the way that they
have been so far it would be really
interesting if they were able to get
through Freedom of Information Act
requests or something like that internal
communications about the Muslim travel
ban the family separation policy and the
response to the hurricane hurricane
Maria that would be really interesting
because in a white house filled with
people like Stephen Miller and things
like that especially is that hurricane
is bearing down on them in the immediate
aftermath but god only knows what they
were saying and what they weren't saying
in terms of any sort of responsibility
to actually help them rebuild that could
be really interesting
absolutely and I'm also I'm just curious
what will happen if Democrats do take
control because I think that it takes
the right kind of Democrats to
aggressively investigate Trump and also
hold him accountable for his actions so
last week we talked to you a little bit
about how Nancy Pelosi doesn't want to
push for impeachment and that was insane
right me I mean for me that showed this
is after the mana for convictions after
Michael Cohen pleaded guilty I mean I
don't know look at that
partly I want to pressure them to focus
more on providing a you know a positive
idea of what they would do were they to
gain control and and if she'd started to
me at least talking about impeachment
she would have been attacked for that I
don't know look I don't want her to be
in control of the Democrats of the house
if we take control I can say that much
so at the end of the day I guess I'm not
really that concerned about her
priorities yeah look I think that
there's a legitimate conversation
discussion debate about whether or not
it makes sense to impeach Trump right
but at the same time for me it wasn't
about the issue of impeaching Trump it
was more about how Nancy Pelosi reacts
to things where she does have some power
and can accomplish something so the way
that you know the dreamers were put on
the back burner during that debate about
funding the government that drove me
crazy now that was more Chuck Schumer
than Nancy Pelosi but Nancy Pelosi is
still in a position of power Chuck
Schumer certainly was in a position of
power they were in a position where they
had this rare leverage even though
they're not you know the majority in
Congress and they just let that
opportunity go and it made me very upset
so my point is we need Democrats
progressives that are gonna fight for
the right things it's not enough that
Republicans are afraid of these
investigations the investigations have
to actually happen if Democrats take
control yeah yeah and we have to in
particular areas constrain our
expectations even if they do gain
control and then another is not so much
but in terms like there they could pass
whatever bills they want if they control
the house yeah if they don't control the
Senate or even if they do not
necessarily gonna go anywhere but they
can hope to maybe if they're in power
especially as we get into the primaries
for the next presidential election they
can perhaps Drive some of the meat
you coverage by focusing on particular
issues assuming the media pays attention
at all look I think the media is going
to be really ready to just jump into the
horse race and who is this person going
down so does this person you know maybe
they're gonna run and so I worry about
the ability of even a Democratic
majority with a bunch of people like
Alexandra Acosta Cortez and as I said
earlier today I Rasheeda Talib was on
the show today people like that they can
drive a lot of good discussion about
progressive policies but if the media
doesn't pay attention it's gonna be
harder for people to actually realize it
I mean that's true they'll always be
able come on here thankfully home and
progressives and we'll talk about those
things but we'll see I think CNN they've
got their big screens and they want to
start circling States and all that stuff
I don't know how excited they're gonna
be to talk about the policies well we
can't rely on CNN right do we can't rely
on cable news to get the word out you
have to be scrappy you have to be
innovative you have to find better ways
to get the message out and even though
it was very clear that CNN was so
dismissive of Bernie Sanders he still
managed to get his message out
eventually yes so that's that's
important and we can learn something oh
I can't wait to see to because I don't
know if you remember but after the
election especially after the
inauguration CNN was like can we get
Bernie on a town hall every single week
we'll see how they feel once he's
running again though yeah are they gonna
be doing those little mock debates with
Ted Cruz and stuff like that never miss
another TYT video by ringing the bell
below you'll get notified whenever we
publish something new and don't forget
to join TYT and download the TYT Plus
app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
