Ted Cruz is concerned because his
Democratic challenger Beto O'Rourke is
running a very tight race he telegraphed
his knee to the president during a
campaign stop here's what he said I
would certainly welcome his meaning
Trump support and I hope to see him in
Texas I think we are likely to see the
president down in Texas before the
election if you can recall during the
primaries before you know the lead-up to
the 2016 election Cruz and Trump didn't
get along because Trump said some
horrible things not only about Cruz but
about Cruz's family we have evidence
take a look his father was with Lee
Harvey Oswald's prior to us walls being
you know ridiculous what what is his
right prior to his being shot what was
he doing with Lee Harvey Oswald right
before the death before the shooting
spilling the beans is quite simple when
it comes to Heidi Cruz she is a bush
operative she worked for the architect
of NAFTA so spilling the beans on Heidi
Cruz simply means that her entire career
has been spent working against
everything Ted Cruz says that he stands
for it's not easy to take me on I don't
get angry off but you mess with my wife
you mess with my kids that'll do it
every time Donald you're a sniveling
coward and leave Heidi the hell alone
they asked Ted Cruz serious question
well what do you think of waterboarding
is it okay and honestly I thought he'd
say absolutely and he didn't she just
said a terrible thing you know what she
said shout it out cuz I don't want to
she said I never expect to hear that
from you again she said he's a
that's tired her I am NOT a habit of
supporting people who attack my wife and
attack
my father if you go and slander an
attack Heidi that I'm gonna nonetheless
come like a servile puppy dog and say
thank you very much from Milani my wife
in the lining my father this is what
Trump had tweeted about Ted Cruz's wife
during the election okay Ted Cruz's wife
on the Left Melania Trump obviously on
the right a picture is worth a thousand
words and they says no need to spill the
beans so spill the beans controversies
not interesting but the point of this
was clearly she's ugly I mean that's an
open-handed slap boy you're gonna sit
there and bleed or gonna do something
about this is what Ted Cruz did not even
like two years later during the campaign
he was unmanned after he called said oh
I'm gonna fight Trump and I he called
him a coward and he wouldn't endorse him
after his speech at the convention he
went upstairs to kiss the ring of the
Mercer's that were his top donors that
had give him thirteen million dollars
during the primary to Cruz and now
they've switched over to Team Trump and
when he didn't endorse Trump they
slammed a door in his face and
immediately thereafter show me the
picture again Cruz was said okay I
endorse I endorse I'm so sorry
and then he went and did phone banking
for Donald Trump that's my favorite
picture in the world in Texas you're
gonna have that so-called man represent
you it's Beto versus beta
