john mccain just passed away a little
while ago and he was a giant he was one
of the most important and relevant
senators of my life this is similar to
when ted kennedy passed away these are
the absolute giants of the senate now he
was 81 years old and boy did he have a
mixed record so a lot of good and a lot
of terrible things unfortunately that he
did and we have to be honest about it
even in his passing so and and he's a
man that receives credit that is unique
in a lot of ways not a lot of people
have the kind of background that he has
that he should get credit for but i'm
gonna give you the full record here cuz
that's our job if you go all the way
back his father was the commander in
chief in the Pacific during Vietnam and
so he came from military family he went
to the Naval Academy did not dude well
there he joked about it to his credit so
he was self effacing but he finished
eight hundred and ninety four out of
eight hundred and ninety nine people in
his class so not a great student to say
the least so he did have a number of
accidents as as a fighter pilot and then
obviously he was shot down over vietnam
so most of you probably know that he was
tortured there I don't know if you know
for how long and and to me the the part
that will always stand out and he should
receive eternal credit for is when they
found out that his father was the head
of the Navy in the Pacific for America
they thought it would be good propaganda
the North Vietnamese did to let him go
and then they could have said how high
you know he left and we still have the
other soldiers at center but john mccain
didn't play that game and you just can't
get out can't give enough credit for
this he said i'm not going to leave
unless you release the other prisoners
of war as well and they wouldn't so he
didn't he stayed for five and a half
years when he landed he had broken both
arms and his knee
yeah he was tortured continually and he
would not break so if he added the story
there it's already an amazing story but
of course as you all know he wound up
running for office he was first in that
house and then in the Senate in Arizona
now we get to his mixed record when it
comes to politics he voted against
Martin Luther King Day recognizing it as
a national holiday did so on a number of
occasions importantly in 1983
so it wasn't 1963 well obviously at that
point you couldn't afford it for Martin
Luther King Day but you get my point
which is it was fairly late in the
process any of you thought well I bet it
was a close vote so he wasn't alone well
I'm not close to vote in the house it
was 338 290 and he was certainly in the
minority there obviously later in his
career during the Bush years when they
restarted torture he voted against
torture and he should get an enormous
amount of credit and he fought for that
and he fought actively and strongly
against torture so more credit on that
ground you speaking of credit people
don't cite this as much but they really
really should he did mccain-feingold his
names on it
that was campaign finance reform was a
perfect no not at all I would have gone
far far deeper but hey the corrupt
Supreme Court thought it went too far in
regulating campaign finance so any work
with Russ Feingold a very progressive
senator worked across the aisle and was
trying to clean up our government in our
democracy on the other hand he was
involved with corruption scandals
earlier in his career I mean John
McCain's life is the story of on the
other hand okay so he does great work
with mccain feingold but then turns
around him votes to give his donors
money almost in every single vote so I
voted for Bush's giant tax cuts for the
rich he voted for Trump's giant tax cuts
for the rich there wasn't a tax cut he
wouldn't vote for it it wasn't a war he
wouldn't vote for and for the latter
part of his career he was mainly known
as a
that's the polite way of putting it in
mainstream media circles the impolite
way of putting it is warmonger there was
an award that he didn't love
he thought the Iraq war was a great idea
that was of course a terrible terrible
mistake
on the issue of Iran if he had won in
2008 when he ran for president against
Obama god knows if we would have stayed
out of the war with Iran a he famously
sang on the campaign trail bom-bom-bom
Moran
so on wari it really doesn't get much
worse than John McCain so that's just
the reality of his record so when you
look at other things again we continue
with the mixed results when he was
running for office there's a couple of
great great moments so in 2000 he ran
against George W Bush in the primaries
George Bush had his worst moment there
they smeared John McCain in South
Carolina saying that his adopted
daughter from South Asia was his
illegitimate black child which is one of
the worst dirty tricks in my lifetime in
campaign politics Bush and his team did
that to McCain McCain as usual handled
with great I guess the word is honor
there III would have been I would not
have handled as gracefully certainly as
John McCain did but to me that's
actually not the best thing he did in
that 2000 campaign later in 2004 we
interviewed Grover Norquist at the
Republican convention and we asked them
why did the Americas for tax reform
that's the main groove fighting for tax
cuts for the rich why did you guys
support George Bush over John McCain
John McCain was more experienced had a
better track record as certainly as a
Republican and he basically answered
well we asked McCain would he do what we
asked him to do and he said no that he
would be independent he would be the
president not them when we asked Bush he
basically said what do you need to me
that speaks incredibly well of John
McCain here's another thing that speaks
incredibly well of him when he ran
against Obama and at a town-hall woman
asked him about how Obama
was Muslim and he said he's just not
that's not true he set up for his
opponent that is something you certainly
do not see with the likes of Donald
Trump he had good enemies in people like
Donald Trump who of course famously said
I prefer people who weren't captured
well it's easy for Donald Trump to say
since he ran from Vietnam got five
deferments the last one famously for
bone spurs he clearly did not have he
said he had a strong letter from a
doctor claiming he had bone spurs
so obviously Trump was a last month last
man on earth who has a credibility to
criticize McCain when we found out that
McCain had stopped treatment on Friday
Trump said nothing apparently internal
reporting saying that he didn't want to
say nice things about McCain finally
after he passed the very simple short
tweet about him but enough about Trump
back to McCain well so he stood up for
Obama he ran that campaign with a good
deal of grace with a giant notable
exception of picking Sarah Palin as his
vice-presidential nominee he knew she
wasn't qualified he did it to try to win
it was a terrible campaign not trick but
tactic it didn't work it backfired on
him
and it wasn't the right thing to do he
knew she wasn't ready he knew she
wouldn't make a good president that he
was just playing politics and that is
not right finally the thing that he did
at the end though another one here comes
the old maverick one last time where he
famously came out in Obamacare vote when
Trump and the Republicans were trying to
take it down he was a decisive vote he
came out very dramatically and did this
and I voted down and Obamacare lived so
man I I don't know a senator who was a
bigger figure in my life with the
possible exception of Ted Kennedy and I
don't know anyone who's had a bigger
record of pros and cons is as mixed the
record as you could possibly get the war
mongering T in my opinion it was
terrific but the fight against torture
the fight to clean up campaign finance
and constantly reaching across the aisle
in legitimate ways and but unfortunately
even though he fought against bush and
trump he voted with bush and trump a
great majority of the time so for better
or for worse it was John McCain and he
made a giant giant impact and and now
obviously a huge part of the country
mourns him and and at the end of the day
the most important thing for today
is that our thoughts are with his family
and I don't say that lightly I mean they
stop the treatment they knew what was
gonna happen they were with him there
and and he was always great to them and
and obviously they're in great sorrow so
John McCain legendary Republican senator
now passed away
