this week has been full of incredibly
positive polling having to do with
medicare-for-all and we're gonna close
out a week with perhaps the most amazing
fascinating results of all and this
comes from a new reuters/ipsos poll
found that 51 point nine percent of
Republicans would embrace a
medicare-for-all policy it also you know
eighty four point five percent of
Democrats it's obviously good but that
is a majority of Republicans and I feel
like I feel like nobody is actually
prepared for that sort of thing and
again as we always say when these sorts
of polls come out this is before the
case has even really been made I mean
you've had a few politicians obviously
during the last primary you had Bernie
Sanders and you're gonna see a lot more
of it but most people still have not
heard anything other than fear-mongering
and propaganda coming from places like
Fox News and Breitbart I'm CN n oh of
course
yes and look Jake Tapper obviously did
his uh as much as he could over the past
week now at the same time understand
that while this polling is going on
two-thirds of Democratic nominees across
41 battleground districts for US House
seats also want to expand the
government's role in health care about a
dozen support Medicare for all or a
single-payer system but what's most
interesting was actually noticed by Jeff
Stein of The Washington Post who said
that if that Reuters poll is correct
then there's a higher percentage of GOP
voters that support Medicare for all
than Democratic senators oh that's
devastating so but but great credit to
Jeff Stein because he nailed it that's
exactly right and that tells you
everything you need to know about what's
wrong with the system and then and what
I call to establish from a lot of people
call the establishment and so what is
that that's not only the Republican
Party but it's also the Democratic
establishment and a lot of mainstream
news look here we do do nuance and it's
not a black-and-white world so Jeff
Stein's from the Washington Post makes a
great point and that's part of
mainstream media CNN has had some
positive reports recently we've given
them credit for that on Medicare for all
they've been terrible and and and it's
not because they're bad people it's
because groupthink in the establishment
is no way no way not practical gonna
cost too much but wait a minute we
showed you
over and over again it actually saves
money not only that look at how obvious
it is the rest of the developed world
all has single-payer they all pay less
than us countries like Canada pay half
of what we pay for health care ah our
system is not practical our system is
too expensive and yet almost everyone on
cable news everyone in the Republican
Party in terms of official politicians
and and unfortunately a huge chunk of a
Democratic Party goes no we don't care
what the American people have to say if
I will pretend they're against it even
though look every poll shows they are
this one it used to be a 60% it's now at
seventy percent of Americans say that's
it we want Medicare for all and and even
in Mark Meadows district he's the leader
of the freedom caucus the most
conservative faction there is they
wouldn't polled air Bueller yeah no
Republicans are like yep interested in
Medicare for all yeah I'll quote one guy
he said about the government and health
care he said either leave me alone a
hundred percent or paid for a hundred
percent and what I hear from every
candidate that we talk to on rebel
headquarters is whether they're talking
to Democrats Republicans or independents
when they go door knocking or when they
make phone calls they're all like we're
drowning we're drowning in in this
health care bills it's killing us
literally and we can't afford it we
can't afford the regular payments and
god help us if we get sick
we've terrorized our own country because
no one has any kind of security when it
comes to health and they're tired of it
and I'll go even further that's it it's
time to get past Obamacare so Obamacare
was better than the old horrible system
horrible right but it left private
insurance in charge and it did not
control costs and those costs are now
killing us and so those costs are now
allowing Republicans say oh you see that
the liberal position gave you a more
cost hello hello Medicare for all would
save us a ton of money it's time to go
right now
and that and and if the folks on cable
news etc and and in Washington wonder
why people don't like them and don't
trust them well when you framed
in a way that is the exact opposite of
what the American people want that's why
they don't trust you it's not that
complicated
voters have for so long allowed
politicians to get away with making
decisions that go against not only their
best interests but what they want and
what they say they won they've just let
them get away with that like oh it's
okay I'm still gonna vote for him
because this is who we voted for before
and a good thing that has come out of
the Trump era is that's changing mm-hmm
it's happening people are making
decisions based on what politician will
do what they're asking them to do and
not just get all these votes and then
you know get in office and do just what
works best for them and things like this
this is not the only issue yeah but
things like this matter you know as
they're sitting with they're very well
taken care of health care real quick
point Trump is a lot of the
establishment thinks Trump was the end
of populism that he's a populist now we
all know he's a fake populist and that
once we get him out of office
it'll be over right no no he's the
beginning of populism he just started in
the wrong direction we're gonna
straighten it out and you know what
populism is at the end of the day it is
doing what the popular will is there's
another word for that is called
democracy want to see more videos like
this well you can all you have to do is
subscribe to the TYT channel below and
don't forget to become a t YT member and
download the T YT plus app on your phone
head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
today
