on a momentous day drop it
all right we've got a power panel on a
day that I would argue ended the Trump
presidency I'm there I'm there I'm
already there yeah okay
so just eager to win the bat was the
quickest bet I ever won okay so we will
explain it's the first story up in a
second but first Jules fools dogs live
you get it every day
Brooke Thomas John iadarola my name is
Jane cougar we got a show for you guys
tonight okay it's amazing from the very
first story to the very last story the
last story is it's just the most amazing
conspiracy you've ever heard in your
life
you you will not be able to believe it
and and but what people do people do
it's amazing it's amazing so don't miss
the end of the show either of course you
get the whole show at TYT com /join come
a member support independent media and
get all of our programming but first we
start with the end of the trump
presidency jump am I supposed to leave
like a spot where you can then and so
when he actually goes down don't worry
the sound board will be here okay this
week just keeps getting worse for Donald
Trump with another of his highest
profile associates flipping on him as he
likes to say perhaps the highest of all
this is Alan weiselberger chief
financial officer for the Trump
Organization you might have heard of it
its affiliated with Donald Trump it was
one of the executives who helped arrange
four hundred and twenty thousand dollars
in payments to Donald Trump's longtime
attorney Michael Cohen to help reimburse
him for hush money he paid to an adult
film star weiselberger is also one of
two trustees of the trust that controls
the president's assets the other to give
you context is Donald Trump jr. so this
guy and Donald Trump's son the one that
he likes a little those are the two
people that control all of those assets
so this guy is about as high placed as
you could possibly be yeah he was
granted immunity by federal
investigators in New York in exchange
for his truthful testimony about his
roles in those payments so that was the
big breaking news this morning indeed
this is as
big news as you can imagine first of all
let me begin by screaming Weis laberge
straight ahead ok last voyage the USS
Trump Tanic okay that's the guy who
keeps Donald Trump's books he doesn't
keep Donald Trump's books on just stormy
Daniels or other payments to mistresses
he keeps all of his books
he has been with Donald Trump though to
be fair only since the 1970s he has all
of his books all of them so now let's
break down what this immunity deal means
the immunity means I need immunity
because I have committed a crime second
thing that it means is prosecutors asked
you ahead of time what is the evidence
you're going to give us to see we will
give you immunity they don't take it on
blind faith they ask you what do you
have and if it's good enough they give
you immunity for your crime breaking
that you are law breaking that you are
admitting to so prosecutors looked at
the evidence and said mmm good enough
and they gave him immunity he already
testified apparently earlier in the year
that that by the way might be the reason
Cohen has already pled guilty and is
cooperating with prosecutors it might be
the reason David pecker who runs a
National Enquirer is now cooperating the
wrath immunity and has immunity the rats
have begun to leave the ship now begun
they've left the ship entirely in the
core group of Donald Trump the only
people remaining basically are his
family members now the political rats
haven't quite figured it out yet
Washington hasn't quite figured out yet
they're like oh this is a very
interesting story about an accountant or
something like that and in regards it's
in regards to hush money about stormy
Daniels know they have the books the
guy's a lifelong criminal you could say
- Oh Jack you don't know my cover wait a
minute that's some assumptions same
thing they said when I said Mark Sanford
was not on the Appalachian Trail okay
there was no way he was on the
Appalachian Trail you don't know
no okay we'll find out but you're
telling me a guy by the way the the
crime that most likely weiselberger
committed and hence why he needed
immunity was false falsifying financial
records a guy who claims he has ten
billion dollars who has nowhere near ten
billion dollars who has all those shady
financial dealings in his past he didn't
participate in falsifying any financial
records it's over it's over I'm ready
for the count then you guys have it okay
let's do the countdown
it's a count up actually to the end of
the trump presidency cuz it's already
over it's just a matter of when he
actually leaves office so it's day one
it's it's a tiny one tiny little track
it'll get bigger as we get closer okay
anyway day one I may take bets on how
long it'll take but it won't take long
you nearly you're there oh it's done
yeah you too this is this is the guy who
has not only does he know where all the
bodies are buried but he buried like
half of them under the direction of
Donald Trump so this is I tweeted out
today a link to the story and it's over
saying I did the same exact thing so
we're apparently on the same track look
but Jules understated it he doesn't know
where half the bodies are buried he
knows where all of the bodies are buried
because if you remember the story about
Donald Trump using his dad's accountant
the basically the person who kept the
books before weiselberger who's the
chief financial officer of trouble
relation the accountant said Oh Donald
would barely pay attention in the
meetings
Ivana on the other hand his first wife
was smart okay and then they asked him
about his father he's like no no his
father was a good businessman
he's trying to help Trump so Trump
cannot do his own books he'd simply not
nearly intelligent enough to do the
books so weiselberger has all of the
books and if you did any shady dealings
it's in the books and the person
handling the books must by definition
know about it so
now it is possible theoretically I don't
know if this the university can even you
know conceive of this theory that Donald
Trump has never broken any law
from the 1970s to now he's just the
cleanest man you've ever seen and so
when they asked weiselberger but yeah I
mean there was a mistress with stormy
Daniels and the harsh money but that's
all and that may be prosecutors will
take his word for it but I find that to
be highly unlikely it is it is possibly
unlikely but as of right now in terms of
the cooperation deal it the way it has
been described and by all the people who
are familiar with it is that it is about
these particular payments so
weiselberger could know about all this
other stuff but so far there's no
indication that he's cooperating based
on all of this other stuff it's not
impossible I'm just acknowledging that
look I think that he probably does know
a lot that Donald Trump has committed
any number of crimes but I also think
and maybe I'm just being pessimistic or
cynical I suppose but I don't think that
we're operating under in the normal laws
of you know the nature of politics
aren't operating right now like there
are so many crimes that they could
reveal that Donald Trump doesn't care
that he committed his defenders don't
care that he committed his defenders in
the media many as defenders in the House
and the Senate
don't care and so there's lots of things
that you can't do in politics that we've
found out that you can actually do if
you're shameless enough
I completely agree I'm at this point
where I just have to see it to believe
it I think that so many wild things have
happened over this past almost a couple
of years and so many people in power
have just rolled over to so many things
that I just I don't too many people
don't care I don't you know what I'm
hearing from you guys Titanic can't be
sucked
why slippers give more credit on that
one now that you've explained I'm fair
I'll boast the bowls are both arguments
son as of this morning if we're jumping
had to grab don't you know
the Manhattan district attorney's office
is considering pursuing criminal charges
against the Trump Organization and two
senior company officials in connection
with those payments obviously but
officials stress that the offices review
of the matter is in its earliest stages
and prosecutors have not yet made a
decision on whether to proceed and I
will say that this area we're talking
about state prosecutions state
investigations at potential state
charges of course gets around some of
the supposed protections that the DOJ
traditions based on like one note from
fifty years ago says that he has we had
a journalist David Cay Johnston on the
damage before early this week breaking
down all the ways this this could play
out and then just a day later this
actually happened so it is not
impossible and I will say that if all
they're talking about is Michael Cohen
in the payments and he has gotten
immunity it doesn't make sense that he
got a mutiny immunity to give
information about Michael Cohen's law
breaking because although you could give
more more charges against Michael Cohen
they've already got him on a bunch so it
doesn't seem likely that they would push
for that that makes it seem more likely
that they would go for someone higher up
the food chain like Donald Trump so I
will admit that but I still believe that
he will be President for at least 22
years okay so first of all let me
acknowledge that John is right that all
the articles only talk about the hush
money in regards to weiselberger in the
immunity I was a little surprised that
that Cohen gave up and pled guilty so
quickly because he had they got him on
the taxicab stuff they can't pay a fine
that stuff is really important it's a
federal crime it's a felony but it would
have been hard to prove but he was a
kept out I get it I get it
it led me to think what else do they
have on him and if weiselberger already
testified earlier in the year the answer
could be a lot I was super surprised
yesterday even with all that we
that David Packard who is has no ethics
whatsoever Rosen actually inquired did
smear job after smear job yes Hillary
Clinton Ted Cruz etc his his job is to
lie he's a professional liar
he's I don't get it yep okay community
please immunity right my Jesus what do
they have on these guys so today when we
find out about weiselberger and okay so
look we'll all find out together but I
will tell you this this is really
important
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats earlier
in the week we're talking about like
well I mean really I mean it's a is it a
brilliant big deal it's not a priority
for us in terms of impeachment look
before this week I was not on the
impeachment bandwagon I think that there
were things he could be impeached on
their monuments claws the ZTE deal and
the list goes on and on but it would
have been a tough thing to prove it
would have been a tough thing to win
politically and impeachment is a
political process etc and I definitely
don't think the Democrats should run
their campaigns on impeachment or Russia
or any of that stuff they should run on
the issues but if you've got every
single inside of the Trump Organization
saying yes Donald Trump commit a federal
crime Democrats for God's sake wake up
you got to go you got to go right now so
it is like if you're trying to calculate
my electoral chances and how's it gonna
affect my political career this is not
the time for that you want me to show
you what it's time for should give me
give me graphic one here Asus okay said
the track no no no you'll see okay this
is what it's time for
maybe the trackers not this is what it's
signed for okay you can get it at TYT
dot-com maybe send one in AC Pelosi and
Chuck Schumer and all the Republicans so
when you have as chief financial officer
his personal lawyer his good friend who
made up all the stories on his behalf
and buried stories and paid for stories
on his behalf to burry them all turning
on him saying yeah he's guilty he's
guilty we committed crimes together that
is when you start talking about
impeachment most interesting not most
interesting but just like a funny little
piece about all of this is the president
suggesting that flipping should
illegal because I feel like I'm
wondering do you know how this works
because if that happened the federal
penitentiaries in America would be just
about empty and if someone showed him
the demographics of who's in there I
feel like he'd take that statement back
ha ha ha so look I'm in favor of
criminal justice reform I'm not in favor
of making cooperating with law
enforcement illegal I mean it's that's
trumps no snitches exactly didn't just
start with him yeah no I mean it is
literally he's literally tweeting out in
so many words snitches get stitches
actually I want to see something based
off of that because this is something
that Jake and I talked about off-camera
but I don't think we've talked about yet
and it's because there are still people
who say that Donald Trump hasn't done
anything in any area they don't believe
that you know obviously they don't
believe there's any evidence of
collusion or whatever but they don't
believe there's any obstruction of
justice either and certainly as
defenders are saying that and I I've
pointed out multiple cases in which in
plain sight he was obstructing justice
but this week we had one of the clearest
and that's because with Paul manna for
pleading guilty to eight different
charges in the context of still having
another trial coming up in about a month
while they have been maybe trying to get
Paul Manafort to flip now for literally
months if they're gonna do it they're
now in the strongest position Muller and
the prosecutors and all that that
they've been in ever because he is
actually facing a prison sentence right
now so if he is going to flip now is the
time and so what happened this week well
Donald Trump comes out immediately after
the trial and says you know Paul man
afford he's a brave man he didn't flip
he wasn't one of those ones who flipped
the next day in Scotland Rudy Giuliani
says you know what Paul Manafort as soon
as this election is over we're gonna
we're gonna give them a pardon and then
when questioned on that the next day
says oh we're just talking about
everybody anybody can get a part not
necessarily not necessarily him so
what's going on there the the Muller
team the prosecutors might be able to
get Paul Manafort to cooperate to assist
in an investigation and while that's
going on you have the most obvious
public social media witness tampering
possible coming from both Donald Trump
who is one of the principal people being
in vest
gated and his lead lawyer Rudy Giuliani
if that is not obstruction of justice I
don't know what is I have a feeling as
little as I might know about the
mechanics of obstruction of justice and
investigations robert muller knows a lot
more and i have a feeling he was
probably paying attention to both of
their activities this week
look there's there's last two things
that I'm I am upset about in this store
eight potentially one is if the
prosecutors are really just focusing on
the hush money and they didn't ask what
I worry about all of the other finances
that would be the most that would be the
biggest case of prosecutorial negligence
I have ever seen and and that's the only
thing that could prevent the end of the
Trump presidency because maybe by some
miracle he could survive the campaign
finance law violations and obstruction
of justice and the collusion and all
that stuff and in that case you guys
have a better chance of being right if
the prosecutors just refused to ask
about any other financial improprieties
but if they start looking into his
business dealings ova ova h ova okay to
quote Spike Lee and another thing I'm
disappointed is that Jill stole my well
then maybe all the manga guys will buy I
painted a guy few years ago but his baby
was like telling the joke and it was
like about his little nephew smishing on
him and he was like I told you snitches
get stitches and his sister jumps in and
goes no snitches get out of jail early
handwriting meet wall okay
next story let's do it let's keep
rolling very okay all right well we're
on a roll but unfortunately that does
not make for a smooth transition to this
John McCain's family had a fairly somber
announcement about the Senators ongoing
battle with cancer here is a portion of
that last summer Senator John McCain
shared with Americans the news our
family already knew he had been
diagnosed with an aggressive
glioblastoma and
prognosis was serious in the years since
John has surpassed expectations for a
survival but the progress of disease and
the inexorable advance of age render
their verdict with his usual strength of
will he has now chosen to discontinue
medical treatment and if you haven't
been following this mr. McCain has been
undergoing treatment for that cancer
since July of last year and has been
absent from Washington since last
December mr. McCain's family has
apparently gathered in Arizona and
people close to him say that his death
is imminent so this was a sad story you
know in a lot of ways obviously but I've
never seen this in an article before in
Vox not Fox Vox they said when McCain
dies Arizona Governor Doug Ducey a
Republican will appoint a replacement to
serve in the Senate until 2020 now it's
true we're all gonna die so you could
write in any article when Jake huger
dies etc but I've never seen that about
a public figure before so apparently it
is obviously imminent I'm just I know
this I don't want people take this the
wrong way and but I hope he can survive
until Trump leaves office that would be
awesome
so I don't know what his situation is I
don't know if it's day to day week to
week month to month obviously at this
point they've stopped treatment and and
McCain is a complicated character he is
a very interesting part of American
history and certainly a part of my
political lifetime in fact I just
realized McCain is the very last
Republican I ever voted for I voted form
in the 2000 primaries and then switched
over and voted for Gore against Bush in
2000 and having voted for a Republican
sense and and so a lot of people forget
he did became feingold is actually for
campaign finance reform so that is an
enormous positive for John McCain now
and he stood up to Trump and very
important times he even stood up to his
own supporters that when running against
Barack Obama and refused to call a
Muslim and and said it's not right to
say those things about him and obviously
the the thing that everyone remembers
about Emma is showed up with a notable
exception of Donald Trump
that not only did he suffer torture at
the hand of the North Vietnamese when he
was captured but to me the most heroic
part of all was when they said okay we
found out you're the son of a really
important Admiral in the in the US Navy
so we're gonna let you go
and he said no I will not leave unless
you let all of us go that's the kind of
bravery that is unparalleled
and for Donald Trump to say that I
prefer people who don't get captured
when when he got out of Vietnam with
what he called a very strong letter
about his bone spurs that are obviously
non-existent it was one of the growth
most grotesque things I've ever seen in
politics but I don't want anybody get me
wrong so you've got to be fair to John
McCain and no point out all those great
great attributes that I just talked
about on the other hand man he was a
hawk and and he supported so many wars
that proved to be completely disastrous
so at the end of the day I did not agree
with him politically especially as he
drove us towards the Iraq war which was
one of the worst mistakes in American
foreign policy history and in his later
years seem to be driving us towards the
war with Iran famously sang was bomb
bomb bomb Iran singing it and singing
that's right so it is a mix I don't know
of a politician in this country that has
a more mixed record than John McCain a
lot of people that have a terrible
record some that have a great record but
boy McCain is as mixed as it gets I mean
it's you know politically there's that
and then personally it's awful there's a
family right now preparing to lose and
say goodbye forever to their dad or
grandpa their husband sad yeah I mean I
think it's worth acknowledging that that
John McCain kind of represents this old
guard of Republicans that still had some
integrity and hadn't totally like sold
out their values for I don't know racism
and fear and hate because a lot of what
he did you know when he stepped in at
the last minute for health care is is
admirable you know and it's it's I think
it's really telling to see what you know
what a Republican does when they don't
have to you know appeal so this kind of
like odd growing new Republican Party
and so I think it's worth acknowledging
that despite the fact that yeah we you
know we don't necessarily agree with
Republicans and that's okay I think he's
one that we can respect in a way that we
don't respect sort of this new brand of
republicanism I think that's exactly
right and I think Jules draws to the
exact right distinction because the the
older Republicans and and now a lot of
more retired john danforth
who and i disagreed with these guys john
danforth brought us Clarence Thomas but
he is honest and he is a principled
conservative ala Simpson I disagree with
him vehemently and we've had fights on
air about he wants to cut Social
Security but he is an honest man and he
is principled he also thinks money in
politics is disastrous Jim leach from
back in the day etc there was an old
school Republicans that you disagreed
with but they were honest actors the new
Republicans are all supplied by donor
money grew up on donor money and so they
have no principles whatsoever they'll do
whatever their donors ask them to do now
again that leads us back to McCain he
definitely has some principles are some
principles I disagreed with V Emily yeah
but we also have to acknowledge that
he's a mix of old and new because he
also voted for every gigantic tax cut
for the rich every gigantic war and the
list goes on yeah and and you know to
and then to agree with Brooke look when
you think about it from a personal level
if it was your family member how do you
spend the last couple of days or weeks I
mean that is just heartbreaking beyond
measure yeah yeah there was a an HBO
documentary about him and obviously to
some extent I mean they had access to
him and his family it's gonna be like
it's an error on the side of pro-am but
it's a lot of interviews with people and
he did really seem to be above an
earlier sort of politician that yes they
still are doing you know what their
donors want and yes they still do
horrible things and in the area of war
that's just about if you're gonna be bad
in an area of issues that's just about
the worst area that you can be on but he
did seem to actually at least on some
level care about the concept of America
and the concept of what our government
was about it led him to some some
terrible positions but I agree with you
you can still like some people which
would hear you say he has integrity and
they'd say no no here
a bad thing he did he doesn't have
integrity okay some people their brand
is doesn't involve shades of gray they
it's all about this guy's about to die I
can probably get a little bit of a claim
by dunking on him right now I think
that's largely pathetic I will say in
advance I'm gonna do it when Donald
Trump dies oh yeah I prepare for that in
a few years but there are very few
people that actually warrant that Scalia
might've been one I think it tweeted a
few things but when it comes to John
McCain like he stood up for Refugees
largely far more than most other
Republicans as you said some campaign
finance reform and he didn't seem to
want to see the Republican Party become
the party of white supremacy and
Islamophobia and homophobia and all of
that and that that's it's it's just it's
part of being a mixed bag and everybody
has flaws everyone in a position of
power literally the politicians you love
most have made horrible decisions in
office and those decisions because they
have power are consequential for
people's lives so you cannot simply go
through life saying if I can identify a
bad thing that someone has done that I
don't have to think critically about
anything that they've done okay yeah so
let me do the complete the hat trick and
agree with all three of you so guys it
is entirely possible to say that yes he
did oftentimes serve the donors but at
the same time he actually believed in
this country and and still had
principles and and for the new brand of
politicians it's sometimes hard to say
those things yeah because oftentimes
they don't have principles all they have
is service of the donors but john mccain
i would argue did a lot of terrible
things and and acted in ways that were
not always principled for sure at the
same time he wanted to clean up our
government he wanted to get money out of
politics those are incredibly laudable
goals and at the end of the day it is
near impossible to argue no matter how
much you might dislike his policies or
even him that he wasn't a patriot just
about the only person who could argue
that in the country is Donald Trump so
yeah and by the way I saw so Jake Tapper
tweeted out a section of an interview
he'd done with him about a year ago and
he asked him he said you know hopefully
we don't worry about this for another 50
years but if you were to someday have to
be remembered what would you want to be
remembered as
and in the span of one paragraph he said
some version of a man who's made many
mistakes four or five times but he said
but a guy who tried to serve his country
yeah yeah good point I mean I think it's
worth looking at this as we don't have
to agree with the Republican Party we
have to live with them and I would
rather they be more like John McCain and
like Donald Trump yeah for sure
okay now we really gotta take a break we
have so much more for you guys the next
story
what you have to come back for the next
story I don't know where you'd be going
it's the internet anyway what do
Republicans think about single-payer
fascinating we'll have that for you when
we come back we hope you're enjoying
this free clip from The Young Turks if
you want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
comm slash joined today in the meantime
enjoy this free Center all right back in
a Young Turks we got comments for you
guys
YouTube super chat per l77 rights in
hijack my name is Matthew Mithu masu
Matthew oh just Matthew okay it's Jason
I don't know obviously it's not spelled
with an e W again okay I just want to be
clear oh and he's likely French I'm from
Montreal Canada so it's probably Matthew
okay like a question okay you don't
worry he's not watching anymore so thank
you for using YouTube superjet and
supporting the show okay now that trumps
money man has immunity and knows all the
dealings they're going after Trump's
money uh-oh I just asked one thing of
you when it happens elbow from the top
rope can do-we I'm telling you we were
Chad when I put you on a - I was talking
to Craig in one of the earlier shows we
got to build a ring in here so I could
jump off the top rope Trump the elbow
from the sky okay that day is going to
be glorious if you missed the Young
Turks on that day have you really lived
yeah
so make sure you're watching in 2024 oh
my god that's the saddest thing I've
ever heard
okay trust me it's not gonna happen
believe me anyway go to Twitter hear
that boys hell on Tourette's rights in
Jake was over under a trump resigning
via Twitter you have to actually be
forced out of office and then we would
get a tweet the next day today I'm
deciding right I decided prison was
better anyway
but it's okay I'm going to a very strong
prison okay stop right soon last one
here with your app I was able to become
a member already love you okay credit
cards are not that common in Germany
fascinating I didn't know that okay
guten tag by the way been catching up
with a post game in old school with all
the stories inside and joy it's the
whole picture
so glad to see TYT thrive hashtag too
strong and ashtag progressives etc well
stop thank you that is a wonderful thing
to say and you guys can all enjoy that
to TYT calm slice join it become a
member and I don't know anyone who
watches the post games at old school and
goes yeah not interested I think that
you'll love them on a recent one we
found out all about Brookes life
although we're in part 1 part 1 sound
gonna do pork it's a ten part year by
year and I want to remind all of you
guys that if ever there was a time to
wear this it is now so let's look at
graphic one one more time shop T
y-t-dot-com which is a sponsor by the
way of old school I love you were able
to land them huh yeah
they're tough over at shop TYT calm but
and by the way every time I wear these
including yesterday when I wore it I
didn't know about weiselberger but what
I did know from Cohen was enough and I
wore that yesterday and every time we
were like yeah his hair it also looks
like an orange slug yeah it works I
believe that is what his hair is okay
pretty interesting news here this week
has been full of incredibly positive
polling having to do with
medicare-for-all and we're gonna close
out a week with perhaps the most amazing
fascinating results of all and this
comes from a new reuters/ipsos poll
found that 51 point nine percent of
Republicans would embrace a
medicare-for-all policy it also you know
eighty four point five percent of
Democrats it's obviously good but that
is a majority of Republicans and I feel
like I feel like nobody is actually
prepared for that sort of thing and
again as we always say when these sorts
of polls come out this is before the
case has even really been made I mean
you've had a few politicians obviously
during the last primary you had Bernie
Sanders and you're gonna see a lot more
of it but most people still have not
heard anything other than fear-mongering
and propaganda coming from places like
Fox News and Breitbart I'm CNN
oh of course yes and look Jake Tapper
obviously did his uh as much as he could
over the past week now at the same time
understand that while all this polling
is going on
two-thirds of Democratic nominees across
41 battleground districts for US House
seats also want to expand the
government's role in health care about a
dozen support Medicare for all or a
single-payer system but what's most
interesting was actually noticed by Jeff
Stein of the Washington Post you said
that if that Reuters poll is correct
then there's a higher percentage of GOP
voters that support Medicare for all
than Democratic senators oh that's
devastating so but but great credit to
Jeff Stein because he nailed it that's
exactly right and that tells you
everything you need to know about what's
wrong with the system and then and what
I call the establish from a lot of
people call the establishment and so
what is that that's not only the
Republican Party but it's also the
Democratic establishment and a lot of
mainstream news
look here we do do nuance it's not a
black-and-white world so Jeff signs from
the Washington Post makes a great point
and that's part of mainstream media CNN
has had some positive reports recently
we've given them credit for that on
Medicare for all they've been terrible
and and and it's not because they're bad
people
it's because groupthink in the
establishment is no way no way
not practical gonna cost too much but
wait a minute we showed you over and
over again it actually saves money not
only that look at how obvious it is the
rest of the developed world all has
single-payer they all pay less than us
countries like Canada pay half of what
we pay for health care
ah our system is not practical our
system is too expensive and yet almost
everyone on cable news everyone in the
Republican Party in terms of official
politicians and and unfortunately a huge
chunk of a Democratic Party goes no we
don't care what the American people have
to say in fact we'll pretend they're
against it even though look every poll
shows they are this one it used to be a
60% it's now at 70 percent of Americans
say that's it we want Medicare for all
and and even in Mark Meadows district
he's the leader of the freedom caucus
the most conservative faction there is
they wouldn't pull their Bueller yeah no
II proposed are like yep interested in
Medicare for all yeah I'll quote one guy
he said about the government and health
care he said either leave me alone a
hundred percent or pay for a hundred
percent and what I hear from every
candidate that we talked to you on rebel
headquarters is whether the tiler
Democrats Republicans or independents
when they go door knocking or when they
make phone calls they're all like we're
drowning we're drowning in in this
health care bills it's killing us
literally and we can't afford it we
can't afford the regular payments and
god help us if we get sick we've
terrorized our own country because no
one has any kind of security when it
comes to health and they're tired of it
and I'll go even further that's it it's
time to get past Obamacare so Obamacare
was better than the old
horrible system horrible right but it
left private insurance in charge and it
did not control cost and those costs are
now killing us and so those costs are
now allowing Republicans say oh you see
that the liberal position gave you a
more cost
hello-hello Medicare for all would save
us a ton of money it's time to go right
now
and that and if the folks on cable news
etc and and in Washington wonder why
people don't like them and don't trust
them well when you frame things in a way
that is the exact opposite of what the
American people want that's why they
don't trust you it's not that
complicated yeah voters have for so long
allowed politicians to get away with
making decisions that go against not
only their best interests but what they
want and what they say they won they've
just let them get away with that like oh
it's okay I'm still gonna vote for him
because this is who we voted for before
and a good thing that has come out of
the Trump era is that's changing mm-hmm
it's happening you are making decisions
based on what politician will do what
they are asking them to do and not just
get all these votes and then you know
get in office and do just what works
best for them and things like this this
is not the only issue yeah but things
like this matter you know as they're
sitting with they're very well taken
care of health care real quick point
Trump is a lot of the establishment
thinks Trump was the end of populism
that he's a populist now we all know
he's a fake populist and that once we
get him out of office
it'll be over right no no he's the
beginning of populism he just started in
the wrong direction we're gonna
straighten it out and you know what
populism is at the end of the day it is
doing what the popular will is there's
another word for that is called
democracy don't trust it yeah why don't
we take another break mm-hmm we've gone
a little bit far in this this hour but
when we come back we've got an amazing
story a find from the weeks leading up
to the last election that now with what
we know from this past week takes on a
whole new meaning all right we'll be
right back
you
