this week just keeps getting worse for
Donald Trump with another of his highest
profile associates flipping on him as he
likes to say perhaps the highest of all
this is Alan weiselberger chief
financial officer for the Trump
Organization you might have heard of it
it's affiliated with Donald Trump it was
one of the executives who helped arrange
four hundred and twenty thousand dollars
in payments to Donald Trump's longtime
attorney Michael Cohen to help reimburse
him for hush money he paid to an adult
film star weiselberger is also one of
two trustees of the trust that controls
the president's assets the other to give
you context is Donald Trump jr. so this
guy and Donald Trump's son the one that
he likes a little those are the two
people that control all of those assets
so this guy is about as high placed as
you could possibly be yeah he was
granted immunity by federal
investigators in New York in exchange
for his truthful testimony about his
roles in those payments so that was the
big breaking news this morning
indeed this is as big a news as you can
imagine first of all let me begin by
screaming wise labert straight ahead the
u.s. dropped anak okay that's the guy
who keeps Donald Trump's books he
doesn't keep Donald Trump's books on
just stormy Daniels or other payments to
mistresses he keeps all of his books he
has been with Donald Trump though to be
fair only since the 1970s he has all of
his books all of them so now let's break
down what this immunity deal means the
immunity means I need immunity because I
have committed a crime second thing that
it means is prosecutors asked you ahead
of time what is the evidence you're
going to give us to see we will give you
immunity they don't take it on blind
faith they ask you what do you have and
if it's good enough they give you
immunity for your crime breaking that
you are law breaking that you are
admitting to so prosecutors looked at
the evidence and said mmm good enough
and they gave him immunity he already
testified apparently earlier in the year
that that by the way might be the reason
Cohen has already
pled guilty and is cooperating with
prosecutors it might be the reason david
pecker who runs a national enquirer is
now cooperating the wrath immunity and
has immunity the rats have begun to
leave the ship not begun they've left
the ship entirely in the core group of
Donald Trump the only people remaining
basically are his family members now the
political rats haven't quite figured it
out yet Washington hasn't quite figured
out yet they're like oh this is a very
interesting story about an accountant or
something like that and in regards it's
in regards to hush money about stormy
Daniels know they have the books the
guy's a lifelong criminal you could say
- Oh Jack you know Monica wait a minute
that's some assumption
same thing they said when I said Mark
Sanford was not on the Appalachian Trail
okay there was no way he was on the
Appalachian Trail oh you don't know that
no okay we'll find out but you're
telling me a guy by the way the the
crime that most likely weiselberger
committed and hence why he needed
immunity was false falsifying financial
records a guy who claims he has ten
billion dollars who has nowhere near ten
billion dollars who has all those shady
financial dealings in his past he didn't
participate in falsifying any financial
records it's over it's over I'm ready
for the count then you guys have it okay
let's do the countdown it's a count up
actually to the end of the trump
presidency cuz it's already over it's
just a matter of when he actually leaves
office so it's day one it's it's a tiny
one tiny little track it'll get bigger
as we get closer yeah okay anyway
Daewon I'm ready to take bets on how
long it'll take but it won't take long
it's good you really you're there oh
it's done yeah you too
this is this is the guy who has not only
does he know where all the bodies are
buried but he buried like half of them
under the direction of Donald Trump's so
this is I tweeted out today a link to
the story and it's over say I do the
same exact thing so we're apparently on
the same track look yeah but Jules
understated it he doesn't know where
half the bodies are buried he knows
where all of the bodies are buried
because if you remember the story about
Donald Trump using his dad's accountant
the basically the person who kept the
books before weiselberger was the chief
financial officer of Trump organization
the accountants said Oh Donald would
barely pay attention in the meetings
Ivana on the other hand his first wife
was smart okay and then they asked him
about his father he's like no no his
father was a good business man he's
trying to help Trump so Trump cannot do
his own books he's simply not nearly
intelligent enough to do the books so
weiselberger has all of the books and if
you did any shady dealings it's in the
books and the person handling the books
must by definition know about it
so now it is possible theoretically I
don't know if this the university can
even you know conceive of this theory
that Donald Trump has never broken any
law from the 1970s to now he's just the
cleanest man you've ever seen and so
when they asked why so Berg you like
yeah I mean there was a mistress with
stormy Daniels knowledge money but
that's all
and then maybe prosecutors will take his
word for it but I find that to be highly
unlikely it is it is possibly unlikely
but as of right now in terms of the
cooperation deal it the way it has been
described and by all the people who are
familiar with it is that it is about
these particular payments so
weiselberger could know about all this
other stuff but so far there's no
indication that he's cooperating based
on all of this other stuff it's not
impossible I'm just acknowledging that
look I think that he probably does know
a lot I certainly think that Donald
Trump has committed any number of crimes
but I also think and maybe I'm just
being pessimistic or cynical I suppose
but I don't think that we're operating
under in
normal laws of you know the nature of
politics aren't operating right now like
there are so many crimes that they could
reveal that Donald Trump doesn't care
that he committed his defenders don't
care that he committed his defenders in
the media many as defenders in the House
and the Senate
don't care and so there's lots of things
that you can't do in politics that we've
found out that you can actually do if
you're shameless enough
I completely agree I'm at this point
where I just have to see it to believe
it I think that so many wild things have
happened over this past almost a couple
of years and so many people in power
have just rolled over to so many things
that I just I don't too many people
don't care I know you know what I'm
hearing from you guys Titanic can't be
sucked credit on that one now that
you've explained I'm fair I'll boast the
bowls are both arguments on as of this
morning if we're jumping had to grab the
Manhattan district attorney's office is
considering pursuing criminal charges
against the Trump Organization and to
senior company officials in connection
with those payments obviously but
officials stress that the offices review
of the matter is in its earliest stages
and prosecutors have not yet made a
decision on whether to proceed and I
will say that this area we're talking
about state prosecutions state
investigations at potential state
charges of course gets around some of
the supposed protections that the DOJ
traditions based on like one note from
50 years ago says that he has we had a
journalist David Cay Johnston on the
damage before early this week breaking
down all the ways this could play out
and then just a day later this actually
happened so it is not impossible and I
will say that if all they're talking
about is Michael Cohen in the payments
and he has gotten immunity it doesn't
make sense that he got a mutiny immunity
to give information about Michael
Cohen's law breaking because although
you could give more more charges against
Michael Cohen they've already got him on
a bunch so it doesn't seem likely that
they would push for that that makes it
seem more likely that they would go for
someone higher up the food chain like
Donald
so I will admit that but I still believe
that he will be president for at least
22 years okay so first of all let me
acknowledge that John is right that all
the articles only talk about the hush
money in regards to weiselberger in the
immunity I was a little surprised that
that Cohen gave up and pled guilty so
quickly because here they got him on the
taxi cab stuff the campaign finance
stuff is really important it's a federal
crime it's a felony but it would have
been hard to prove but he was like yep I
get it I did it it led me to think what
else do they have on him and if
weiselberger already testified earlier
in the year the answer could be a lot I
was super surprised yesterday even with
all that we know that David Packard who
is has no ethics whatsoever Rosa
National Inquirer did smear job after
smear job yes Hillary Clinton Ted Cruz
etc his his job is to lie he's a
professional liar
he's a guy did it yep okay immunity
please immunity right my Jesus what do
they have on these guys so today when we
find out about weiselberger and okay so
look we'll all find out together but I
will tell you this this is really
important
Nancy Pelosi suing the Democrats earlier
in the week we're talking about like
well I mean really I mean this is it a
brilliant big deal it's not a priority
for us
in terms of impeachment look before this
week I was not on the impeachment
bandwagon I think that there were things
he could be impeached on their monuments
cause the ZTE deal and the list goes on
and on but it would have been a tough
thing to prove it would have been a
tough thing to win politically and
impeachment is a political process etc
and I definitely don't think the
Democrats should run their campaigns on
impeachment or rush or any of that stuff
they should run on the issues but if
you've got every single inside of the
Trump Organization saying yes that'll
trump commit a federal crime Democrats
for God's sake wake up you got to go you
got to go right now so it is like if
you're trying to calculate my electoral
chances and how's it gonna affect my
political career this is not the time
for that you want me to show you what
it's time for this is what it's
okay you can get it at TYT dot-com maybe
send one to Nancy Pelosi and Chuck
Schumer and all the Republicans so what
you have is chief financial officer his
personal lawyer his good friend who made
up all the stories on his behalf and
buried stories and paid for stories on
his behalf to burry them all turning on
him saying yeah he's guilty he's guilty
we committed crimes together that is
when you start talking about impeachment
I most interesting not most interesting
but just like a funny little piece about
all of this is the president suggesting
that flipping should be illegal because
I feel like I'm wondering do you know
how this works because if that happened
the federal penitentiaries in America
would be just about empty and if someone
showed him the demographics of who's in
there I feel like he'd take that
statement back so look I'm in favor of
criminal justice reform I'm not in favor
of making cooperating with law
enforcement illegal I mean it's that's
trumps no snitches exactly didn't just
start with him yeah no I mean it is
literally he's literally tweeting out in
so many words snitches get stitches like
this video that's great and you never
have to miss another episode of t whitey
by hitting the subscribe button below
and ring the bell to get notified
whenever we publish a new video
