nexium is one of the most popular
heartburn medicines on the market but
new lawsuits say that it's causing
permanent damage to consumers and some
people are more susceptible to it
obviously the let's get right to it the
permanent damage is kidney disease
actually kidneys actually shutting down
and this I'm very familiar with this
case we're involved with handling these
cases but the ugly thing about this is
another case where the FDA first let me
back up everybody believes I don't know
where they get this notion but they
believe that the FDA does testing before
they put it on the market and there's
some little scientists back there that
actually tests this stuff but they don't
the FDA does nothing except accept the
word of the people that are trying to
get the drug approved to be sold so this
is another case that is going to show
the clinical data that they gave the FDA
was phoning up they're gonna find that
in this habit I'd say probably every
time you see a pharmaceutical case where
this is where people have been injured
probably three out of five times the
clinical data that the marketers use and
it's really a marketing it
this isn't about science this is about
cash cow marketing okay so the typical
kind of thing that we see is the
scientists say you know you really can't
say this about the product because we
don't have enough information and the
marketers say nonsense we're gonna say
this and this proton pump inhibitor case
with Nexon nexium which is there for
heartburn is is killing people I mean
outside of you know a Tylenol or an
ibuprofen type medicine these are one of
the most popular medications in the
country and you know 10 years ago
however long it was when they made them
to where you didn't have to have a
prescription anymore you could just get
them over-the-counter they became even
more popular and along that same time
back in 2014 I think it was the FDA
finally says okay we're going to include
this warning 2014 yeah
that it's probably gonna ruin your
kidneys so we'll just put that tiny
little warning on the box everybody be
fine nexium prilosec all these groups
never once you know is this really
mentioned in the commercial at least not
in a way that anybody can understand to
read it on the screen yeah it certainly
does the numbers let me talk about
numbers you have you according to the
new testing that's being done and the
journals on the frolla G they're finding
that a person taking prilosec or an
ordinary sium phases a ninety six
percent increased risk of kidney failure
kidney fact 96 percent increase of
kidney failure now if you're one of the
lucky ones
you only have a twenty eight percent
risk of chronic kidney disease now
they're this material is coming out of
their own documents you understand this
is the kind of material that the FDA
could have found out but the FDA it's
it's a revolving door problem we're
gonna find I promise you we see it every
we see it every case we're gonna find
out that the people who worked on this
for the FDA did something hurried it up
got something done through the FDA
they'll they'll be working for one of
these pharmaceutical companies within a
couple of years regardless of how this
comes out so here's how they make money
they know they're making a built let's
say they're making five billion a year
off of this product they do the math the
math on it is whoa k well if we're
making five billion dollars a year and
we know this and here's here's a truth
that other that most people don't know
once a product is put on the market it's
virtually impossible I mean you can get
it done but it's very very difficult to
get that product pulled from the market
so nexium and prilosec same way it's out
there people are using it the chance of
getting pulled from the market or slim
to none so they say we know we can make
six to ten billion dollars over the next
seven or eight years when it's a lot of
money and we know that at the end of
that we may have to pay couple of
billion dollars but we've made a lot of
money that's literally what we see in
the documents we see them making these
calculations
relations in the document says it's the
the the Pinto case you know the Pinto
absolutely well and you know with with
these heartburn medications the prilosec
the nexium they're estimated users every
single day here in the United States are
in the millions
millions of people taking these
medications it'd be perfectly honest I
I'm one of them I have chronic heartburn
I am terrified every day when I have to
open up that bottle and take this a fare
don't do it okay let me just tell you
how there is a way to take care of these
problems Safa gio reflux you know any
type of any type of serious serious
heartburn that really has the potential
to increase a lot of other injuries I
mean it's not a minor issue but the way
that that most people are dealing with
this the people that doctors that
understand how dangerous this really is
you have some doctors that remain in
denial because they've prescribed so
much and they believe well gee I'm gonna
be brought into this lawsuit they're not
the doctors aren't gonna be brought in
because the company's lie to the doctors
too so here's what people are actually
doing is they're they're they may they
may use something like a prowler second
or nexium but they break one in half
take one maybe every week and a half in
between they take zantac they take that
they take tums they take it's it's they
go at it with a system that is it's a
it's a little more complicated they
don't rely on just prilosec or next time
the doctors that are giving that kind of
advice are giving very good advice if
they're saying look all i all i care
about is clearing up your esophageal
reflux problem your heartburn your ulcer
all that's all I care about
they literally are ignoring the science
that's showing that you have a 96
percent increased chance of having total
kidney failure because of this and
there's obviously I mean there's lots of
dietary things people can do habits to
help not have to have these acid reflux
obviously if you're just dealing with
general acid reflux or heartburn that's
chronic that's one thing for other
people who have the ulcer
you know that's a little bit different
scenario but there's always as you just
pointed out talk to you have the
conversation with your doctor don't just
let them say here's some nexium might go
out the door that's a problem you see
the problem is most people they're there
they feel intimidated to talk to their
doctors they feel like their doctors the
doctors know best and we're not really
even going to ask the tough questions
and so in doing that they really caused
themselves harm if you go to the doctor
and you and you talk about this and you
say doc I want some answers and they're
not willing to give you answers you need
to find another doctor because there's
plenty of doctors that understand this
is real and they're finding ways to get
around it by just not using prilosec or
nexium or proton pump inhibitor all the
time so that it's not like the end of
the world because you can't use these
particular things
