Republican congressman Duncan Hunter and
his wife were indicted earlier this week
on charges of spending more than a
quarter of a million dollars of campaign
funds on expenses that were decidedly
not campaign related now as of today
they've actually pled not guilty to all
of those charges but before that
actually hacking happened Duncan Hunter
was asked about the charges against him
and wait until you hear his explanation
for why all of this is going on he said
this is the new Department of Justice
this is the Democrats arm of law
enforcement it's happening with Trump
and it's happening with me it's
politically motivated so he doesn't say
it's specifically there but his argument
is this is the deep state they're trying
to take me down well he is blaming the
Jeff Sessions lead Department of Justice
for being controlled by Democrats yeah
now you'd say well that's the craziest
thing I ever heard Jeff Sessions is one
of the most right-wing people in the
country but Donald Trump also says it he
said it in that interview with Fox News
he was talking about oh well you know
it's now run by Democrats and sessions
has lost control of it etc and they're
all Democrats no they're literally all
Trump appointed Republicans and but if
you got caught with your hand in the
cookie jar all of a sudden oh it's a
conspiracy against me the real
conspiracy is in our graphics here
because and it's against that can Hunter
senior because yeah that's not actually
the person that's yes that's is that
young good hunter senior this is not
clear we have like an aristocracy in
this country where people just hand
their congressional seat down to their
son that's what happened with the
corrupt guy not him
he was probably corrupt too but we don't
have any direct evidence of it right now
on the show it's his son who's going
nuts
yeah but let's talk about specifically
what's happening because it's it's easy
to just say it's the deep state which is
probably true but specifically he's
facing 60 charges who to be fair him and
his wife I love it when couples commit
crimes together I think it's really a
bonding experience into so the charges
including conspiracy to commit wire
fraud bank fraud the misuse of campaign
contributions and falsifying records
look they spent this money on a lot of
different things but I have a few
favorites um one was that they bought
tickets to a Riverdance performance
which is just about the whitest crime
imaginable and they said that it was for
a fundraising event for Republican Women
and so it was not it was Riverdance
although I imagine many of the people
there were probably was it because yeah
yeah I was trying to dig his dad off
this name so much so let's see he wanted
to buy shorts short pants I mean and
they expense them as golf balls for the
Wounded Warriors which is just about the
sickest thing imaginable you would think
Republicans would turn on him but not
and by the way he's a vet who bought
shorts while pretending he was doing
something for the vets they spent $7
yeah I'm gonna pause there because it
says such an amazing story it's is it so
first of all they hired his wife as a
campaign manager and I was like oh
they're campaigning t of it and then the
you read the story and the no she didn't
work on the campaign at all it was just
to get her a salary to steal from the
people who had been giving to the
campaign the treasurer is like really
you're gonna hire your wife and we're
gonna pay her the salary of campaign
manager okay and it's his wife when he
says I need the shorts but I ran out of
money so his wife goes just pretend it's
for wounded warriors Oh
pretend you're buying golf balls for
wounded warriors go to the golf shop and
get your shorts there yeah oh look at
the corrupt golf balls on this guy so
yeah so additionally $700 and dental
fees that they billed as a charitable
contribution to smiles for life which is
clever
I guess they also put the best the best
and I'm sure you've heard it they've
spent $700 I think it was maybe 600 on a
plane ticket for a rabbit I don't know
if it was a rabbit they knew it maybe it
was a charitable contribution to rabbits
I don't know and so here's the thing
that we know exactly what happened here
you have a guy who was handed a
congressional seat because his father
was a congressman for that district it's
an incredibly Republican district and we
just if we recognize the name we tend to
vote for people so they give him the
seat he didn't think he'd ever have to
run in a competitive re-election bid
ever again maybe
very certainly not a general election
you combine that with an apparently
incredible amount of financial
irresponsibility in his own life because
apparently his personal bank account was
overdrawn more than 1,100 times in a
seven-year period resulted in more than
$37,000 in overdraft and insufficient
funds fees which by the way if you're
the sort of person that produces 1,100
overdrafts and $37,000 in fees
you should really support the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau more than
Duncan Hunter did yeah and so you get
all of that and what does that lead to a
guy who thinks that he the law doesn't
apply to him and all of those donations
which he largely doesn't need anyway
most electoral cycles suddenly becomes
money for steaks and wine and Bunny
tickets so that's the guy who by the way
claims that he's gonna balance the
budget you can't bail your own budget
I'm not sure I've ever seen even Donald
Trump probably didn't know if you have
1,100 a bank account over draws that's
got to be a record of some sort and he
was wrong in all of his calculations in
more ways than one it turns out he has a
very competitive race this time around
the 50th district Am our company jars
running against them he is a justice
Democrat and he has been cleaning his
clock he's even out raising him even
though he doesn't take corporate PAC
money it's amazing yes so check out that
campaign by the way compa campaign com
that'll help get Duncan Hunter out of
office if you support a mark Kompany jar
so think about that and I'm gonna leave
you with two super fun facts we talked a
lot about this on last night's old
school episode the members get that
podcast is one of the most fun things we
do t y-t-dot-com slash join to become a
member and get all of our shows
including old school so the two parts
that I like one I actually like the one
part of the corruption I am in favor of
he spent $2,000 of the campaign money to
buy Pittsburgh Steelers tickets at least
that's well spent okay and then this guy
is a patriot a true patriot that's why
the good people conservatives of that
district vote for him he paid for money
to go to an Italian vacation out of his
campaign funds okay you might have heard
that already obviously right but he
wanted to justify it by
a naval base there the Navy said what we
don't have anything for you to see right
now so there's sorry right and he
apparently said and this is reported by
his chief of staff tell the Navy to go F
themselves oh okay that's your
Republican Patriot like this video
that's great and you never have to miss
another episode of t whitey by hitting
the subscribe button below and ring the
bell to get notified whenever we publish
a new video
