Donald Trump held a rally in West
Virginia this was on the same day that
Paul mana Ford was convicted of eight
charges including tax fraud and also
Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to paying
off women that Trump had affairs with
now with that said Trump decided to have
this rally he didn't mention any of
these convictions or the fact that mana
for Goines pleaded guilty but he did you
didn't bring that up didn't bring it up
at all fascinating but his supporters
didn't really seem to care about any of
that in fact they did talk about locking
people up but according to various
journalists who were there as recline
for instance says lock her up chance
about Hillary Clinton at a trump rally
on the day Trump's campaign manager and
personal lawyer get jail time is really
GOP politics right now in a nutshell so
that's what happened they chanted lock
her up I'm gonna give you another tweak
because they're really good when
Christina Wilkie said surreal on a day
when to Trump's top aides were handed
sixteen felony convictions between them
and both will in fact be locked up so
that's his campaign it's not unlike a
random dude at the campaign or I didn't
know him he was getting coffee his
campaign manager and his personal lawyer
okay sixteen felony convictions they're
chanting lock her up about emails about
emails about emails not emails they were
also chanting drain the swamp haha drain
the swamp well I got good news for you
we just did gets two of our going to
jail and they work for Donald Trump it
is amazing how willfully blind Trump
supporters are now they might be
willfully blind or they might have
bought into the propaganda that the
right-wing spews on a daily basis and to
give you an example of that our very own
jr. Jackson put together a mash-up of
the reaction of the right-wing to what
happened yesterday to Paul Manafort and
Michael Cohen take a look the election
laws are a morass
of misdemeanors felonies crimes non
crimes with exceptions Michael Cohen
pled to charges that are actually not
crimes
you can impeach on the basis of minor
derelictions or even crimes you need a
high crime not a crime rekted it it's
not a crime it's not a crime violation
of election laws are regarded as kind of
jaywalking is that illegal how is that a
crime if he directed somebody to do it
intending to pay it back that's probably
not a crime miner campaign finance
violations far worse crimes by the way
committed by others they didn't get
charged every administration violates
the election laws you know every
campaign has violated some technical
election law or an attempt to try to do
anything to connect Cohen's wrongdoing
to potential wrongdoing with trial
itself it's not a crime every candidate
violates the election laws when they run
for president no it's not a crime okay I
can't get enough of that okay the guy
pleaded guilty to a crime and he's going
to serve up to three to six years in
prison the judge said thank you for your
guilty plea of that crime and split
screen while jank explains this so I can
play the role of Tucker Carlson yeah
let's try that let's try okay okay it is
a crime when you plead guilty to a crime
okay and when you say I had a
co-conspirator in that crime and his
name was Donald Trump authorities are
going to want to investigate you're a
co-conspirator in that crime if you go
back and watch Tiger cross his face
looks like he's so confused
but to be fair the tiger Carlson it is
fairly confusing when they say the crime
he admitted is not a crime I would also
probably make this face
my favorite part of that is how alan
dershowitz has humiliated himself on
national television over and over this
guy's been kissing donald trump's asked
to get to be one of his lawyers so he
could be relevant again and trump still
hasn't hired him but he still goes out
there every day on fox and he's like oh
no Trump did I mean Chris I mean it
could be a crime I don't know if it's a
high crime and you were supposed to be a
fancy law professor most constitutional
experts understand that high crimes and
misdemeanors refers the high in that
sentence versus the people in high
positions that's how it was used at the
time and even if it wasn't I don't I
don't care what interpretation you want
to put on it it's high crimes and
misdemeanors and campaign finance law
violations are at a bare minimum
misdemeanors the guys go to prison
quotas for three to six years okay
that's not a minor distant misdemeanor
so that was wonderfully humiliating for
these Orwellian guys to come out there
and go no what are you gonna do believe
your lying eyes are true but we got
alternative facts for you man to the
truth isn't truth and crimes aren't
crying want to see more videos like this
well you can all you have to do is
subscribe to the TYT channel below and
don't forget to become a t YT member and
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
today
