there has been a national story
involving a woman who a college student
Iowa who went missing in late July now
the story has now been exploited as
propaganda by the right in this
immigration debate because the person
who allegedly committed the crime of
murdering her is allegedly an
undocumented immigrant now I say
allegedly because reports keep
conflicting that very detail is he here
illegally right his lawyer says no there
are indications that he is here
illegally but regardless this story is
involving a woman by the name of Molly
Tibbets her remains were found after
Christian Rivera that's the name of the
alleged perpetrator led authorities to
hit to her remains now to give you some
more details on this investigators
zeroed in on Rivera thanks to
surveillance video and charged him with
first-degree murder in the death of
Tibbets whose disappearance on July 18th
set off a massive search so again he led
investigators to her remains which by
the ways is pretty clear evidence that
he committed this crime and so
Republicans are now latching onto this
story because of his immigration status
again his lawyer is saying he's here
legally there are under other indicators
that say he's here illegally he's a
criminal and he should deal with our
justice system and I'm glad that he got
caught now let me give you a sense of
what people are saying Tom cotton says
prayers for Tibbets family and all who
knew and loved Molly lots of questions
where did this illegal alien work mm
that is a good question I'll tell you in
just a second what was his work status
but one thing is sure Molly would be
alive if our government had taken
immigration enforcement seriously years
ago okay well we actually found out
where he did work and he worked for
prominent Republican farmers in the
state of Iowa here's what I'd say that
lock him up lock him up so I mean you
tell me hey you keep saying that that
this is a scourge upon the country and
he wouldn't be here if it weren't for
or our lacks laws but he also wouldn't
be here if somebody wasn't hiring him so
that guy hired him uh and now she's dead
this is your logic my luck not my logic
okay and according to your logic well
well then I guess the gave the guy who
hired him is also culpable if you hadn't
hired him you never would have been here
and Molly would be alive so let's go to
graphic 43 I'm sure they're gonna arrest
that Republican fundraiser right doubt
it so let's go to graphic 43 give you
more details on where this man worked
Rivera had been employed at the farm of
Craig lang an Iowa GOP official
great-grand last four years and had also
reportedly passed the government's Avera
fie system I'll give you an update on
that in just a second which scours ice
and Department of Homeland Security
records now there was an investigation
into the e-verify system and it has now
been confirmed that he actually did not
go through the e-verify system so this
Craig lang essentially lied about that
because he was and who said no he was a
reputable guy we put him through the
e-verify system and he passed no I mean
look we talked about undocumented
immigration in the country as if all the
onus is on the people who are here
illegally they're all criminals you know
they get defamed left and right but we
never talked about all the Republicans
throughout the country who hire them who
pay them you know incredibly low wages
sometimes lower than minimum wage we
never talk about that do we
and by the way look this is a horrendous
crime and so I'm not making any excuses
for this guy you know he should go
through trial you should deal with the
justice system and you know he should be
dealt with properly but with that said
let's not make any mistake about why
this has become a national story
first of all anytime there's a mass
shooting in the country what is the
first thing Republicans do oh no no no
prayers and we cannot politicize this do
not talk about gun control don't
politicize it we're talking about one
murder in the country that could have
been committed by an undocumented
immigrant and all of a sudden this is a
national story and they're using this to
stereotype all undocumented immigrants
in the country by the way two can play
at that game so let's look at some F of
FBI statistics on homicides in the
country these are statistics from 2015
the
latest year that we have the stats on so
in this data set there were two thousand
five hundred seventy four counts of
homicides where a white person was the
victim of an offender who was also white
I think we need to deport white people
and we should really reconsider what
citizenship means in the country just
because you were born here doesn't mean
that you're necessarily a citizen should
we deport all white people a lot of
these people are white men should we
deport white men they're all criminals
right based on that stupid logic that
you hear for Republicans time and time
again so Candice Owens is one of the
members of the right who is exploiting
this story who keeps tweeting about it
and something really interesting
happened one of Tibbets second cousins
at least she has presented herself as a
second cousin her name Samantha Lukas
responded to Candice Owens and said the
following
we are not so small-minded that we
generalize a whole population based on
some bad individuals she later said take
her name out of your mouth and so I
wanted to give you that perspective
because it's important this is how
propaganda works you just pick isolated
anecdotal cases and you repeat it over
and over again until people think it's a
bigger
it's a giant giant problem this murder
is horrible but I could find you just as
many murders in fact more murders
committed by citizens because
undocumented immigrants commit less
crime less crime than the citizens do on
average but that's not what you see cuz
Trump doesn't want you to see that the
right wing doesn't want you to see that
we obviously can't deport the citizens
we have to actually care about what is
the real problems in this country so any
murder is a gigantic problem but trying
to twist it so it seems like they're
doing more of the crime is just flat-out
wrong young turks never miss another TYT
video by ringing the bell below you'll
get notified whenever we publish
something new and don't forget to join
TYT and download the TYT Plus app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
