following four days of deliberations the
jury in the Paul Manafort case have
decided to convict him on eight counts
of bank and tax fraud
however there were ten additional counts
that they could not decide on which led
to a mistrial now again he has been
convicted of eight counts of bank and
tax fraud and so as a result we are now
going to await the sentencing in
relation to these convictions the
federal jury in Virginia convicted Paul
Manafort on these eight counts Tuesday
but the mistrial was declared on the 10
other charges he faced there was some
expectation that this would happen
because before news broke of the
convictions the jury had asked the judge
what they should do if the jury can't
decide on all of the counts or all of
the charges so let's get to it right I
mean ladies and gentlemen we got him
down goes battle for yeah so look don't
worry about the 10 that they couldn't
you know convict him on eight the eight
are plenty those are very significant
charges potential serve the rest of his
life in prison now he will appeal but
even so he'll be spending all that time
in prison remember they revoked his bail
at one point he's been in prison the
whole time and as and he got convicted
so he will stay in prison even through
the appeals even if he were to win their
appeals he might spending years in
prison which then makes him think he's
69 years old man I mean he's got nothing
left to lose
so tick tick tick tick now so the only
card he's got left to play is Trump now
does he have anything on Trump we don't
know here's how we would find out if
Trump in a panic pardons him now
remember that this trial was not about
trunk right man afford took money from
the Russian link to Ukrainian leaders he
took sixty million dollars and he hid
half of it and that's part of why he got
convicted tax fraud right he didn't
report 30 million dollars of it hit it
offshore etc right now so that doesn't
have necessarily anything to do with
Trump so why would Trump pardon him but
he's been making no
about like oh poor Paul Manafort he's
been treated so roughly and unfairly
right well if he pardons him that means
he's got stuff on Trump a hundred
percent because there's no reason for
Trump to get involved in that case
unless he knows that man affords last
card is evidence against Trump right it
is fascinating that as it stands now it
appears that mana fort has not turned on
Trump right and and this this case was a
difficult procedure for him to go to and
go through and the reason why I say that
is because we learned a lot through this
case a lot of evidence compelling
evidence was provided by prosecutors
just to give you an idea of how
incredibly dumb and incompetent this man
is like he broke all sorts of laws in
order to accumulate sixty million
dollars as Jake mentioned earlier so
over the course of ten years he was
working as a foreign agent you know
supporting russian-backed leaders in
Ukraine in order to help Russia annex
Crimea that's part of the thing part of
the issue there right so anyway the 60
million dollars is what I want to focus
on over the course of ten years
he hid half of that money to evade taxes
but he went broke and what did he do
after he went broke he lied to banks in
order to get loans he was so desperate
for cash he lied how do you blow sixty
million dollars in the course of just a
short period of time
that that's the problem with a lot of
these folks which is that their greed is
infinite so he spent fifteen thousand
dollars on an ostrich jacket and vest
okay to be fair and the best match the
best oh well of course we've got an
ostrich vest what are you gonna do with
it if you don't have an ostrich jacket
so he said he wasted all that money he
broke all these laws now was there
something that the Ukrainians and the
Russians were expecting in return now
the guy he supporters no longer the
leader of Ukraine they've gone in the
other direction now they're more Pro
Western and and but the former leader
was totally Pro Putin so what do they
expect in return well manna fort when he
was campaign management for Donald Trump
had control over the Republican party
platform to a large degree at the
convention so what did he do he changed
the platform to soften their stance
Russia as it relates to Ukraine so he
did not want to arm the Ukrainians
against Russia and gee I wonder if the
fact that they paid him sixty million
dollars had something to do with the
fact that he was trying to influence
policy so you can say hey maybe Donald
Trump didn't know about that that Donald
Trump is a fool which is a good case to
make and that he hired man afford even
though he was clearly working for the
Russians or maybe not clearly enough for
Donald Trump and then he went around and
did all these things he was also the
Trump Tower meeting he was basically in
a sense still working for his former
employers the Russians and so he
affected policy on that so the best case
scenario for Donald Trump is well golly
gee Donald Trump is so stupid he
couldn't tell his campaign manager was
working for a foreign government as he
changed policy of the Republican Party
to help that foreign government
congratulations Trump voters if that's
your best-case scenario I mean Trump
voters his base at least doesn't seem to
care about any of this but one other
thing that I wanted to mention was that
manna fort was the only non Trump family
member who attended that meeting with
those you know Russian lawyers and that
was the meeting where Russians claimed
to have dirt on Hillary Clinton also I
want to kind of break down his charges a
little more so he was guilty of all five
counts of tax fraud he was also found
guilty for failing to report on his
foreign bank account and then two counts
of bank fraud so the bank fraud was when
he was trying to get approved for those
loans and he essentially lied to the
banks to get those loans but what I
found interesting was that his lawyer
said that he wanted to thank the judge
for a fair trial that was his quote
following these convictions and the
judges behavior throughout the course of
the trial was fascinating because he was
very tough on the prosecutors like the
prosecutors would bring up things that I
would argue are important to the jurors
to take into consideration and the judge
on various occasions would scold the
prosecutors for bringing up these these
pieces of evidence I don't know I think
maybe the judge wanted to make it
abundantly clear that this was a fair
trial and
so there wouldn't be an appeal or a
retrial as a result I have no idea but I
just found his behavior interesting and
the judges the right wing and pointed by
Republican presidents and that's okay it
doesn't matter so he was so over-the-top
fair that the defense even thanked him
and Manta Ford still got convicted of
the most serious charges so look at a
bare minimum the conclusion of this is
maybe it's possible I'm not prejudging
here that mana Ford doesn't have any
evidence on Donald Trump and he just did
this crime unrelated to Trump and Trump
was too stupid to figure it out okay
then at least we got rid of Manta fort
god bless guys a clear criminal
convicted criminal when you don't pay
your taxes you're stealing basically
from all other taxpayers I can't imagine
why any conservative in their right mind
which support a crook like this unless
you were actively and enthusiastically
you know backing someone despite the
fact that they are criminal and you just
don't care about the law you don't care
about law enforcement you don't care
about right or wrong and you just want
to back someone because they're on your
team not the service I'm sure you
wouldn't want to do that so I'm sure
you're celebrating what happened today
which is a win for all Americans want to
see more videos like this well you can
all you have to do is subscribe to the
TYT channel below and don't forget to
become a TYT member and download the TYT
Plus app on your phone head over to T
y-t-dot-com slash join today
