the Trump administration claims that it
only goes after undocumented immigrants
who are guilty of committing crimes are
suspected of committing violent acts in
the United States but more and more
examples show that ice is specifically
targeting all undocumented immigrants
especially when they're in incredibly
vulnerable situations recently ice
detained a man who was driving his wife
to the hospital to give birth to their
child CBS News has more on this
surveillance video shows Maria del
Carmen Venegas nine months pregnant and
hysterical on the phone ice agents just
arrested her husband surrounding their
car at a gas station while they were on
the way to the hospital to give birth by
a scheduled c-section he lost because
the only sissy they asked if I could
show some ID she says then they asked
for her husband's ID which she says was
at home that's when ice agents asked
Joel aronia Lara to step out of the
vehicle and took him into custody
Venegas had to drive herself to the
hospital he's never even had a ticket
she says the police have never stopped
him Venegas says her husband has been in
the US for 12 years so ice is saying
that the reason why they arrested him is
because he has a criminal issue in
Mexico right that he's wanted in Mexico
for some sort of crime a homicide
warrant now his lawyer the the
immigrants lawyer has looked into this
and by the way authorities in Mexico are
saying we don't know what you're talking
about we haven't found anything like
that so I don't it seems as though ice
is lying to make it seem as though this
arrest was warranted but this is what's
going on I mean this is the kind of
behavior ice is engaging and they don't
care this woman's about to give birth
they don't care about the vulnerable
situation that these individuals are in
they're gonna go ahead and arrest this
guy and then also expect this woman to
find a way to the hospital which she
drove herself to so I'm not as sure
about this story and I'll tell you why
so I mean a homicide is no joke if he's
wanted for murder we're actually helping
the government of Mexico by arresting
him and
bring him back to justice but the part
that gives me pause as it does for Anna
is why didn't you want to go back to his
house and get his papers
I mean I'd admit bare minimum I'd want
to know that I got the right guy and
I've got this situation that's obviously
not normal
you he was about to take his wife to the
hospital and I might not believe him if
I think he's a murder suspect right but
I'd want to see his papers make sure I
got the right guy and I'd care a little
bit about his wife who's obviously in a
understandably hysterical situation
where she's panicked about having to go
and deliver without her husband so I
don't want to do a little bit more
checking here if it turns out he really
is a murder suspect
and eventually Mexico right now the
consulate says we don't have information
on that but if it turns out he was then
you do have to arrest him it doesn't
matter how pregnant his wife is I mean I
totally agree with that I mean if there
is evidence to indicate that he has a
homicide warrant in Mexico of course you
arrest him and then you wish to ensure
that the woman who's about to give birth
who's clearly in the country legally is
taken care of but that's not what
happened here
right and so that's the reason why I see
this story is a massive red flag where's
the evidence of this so-called homicide
warrant why doesn't the Mexican
Consulate have any information about
this how does ice somehow miraculously
have information the Mexican Consulate
doesn't have it seems as though they
just targeted someone the second he
didn't have the ID or identification
that they asked for they decided to
arrest him and just you know brush this
woman aside as they were doing it yes so
as we talked about all the time on the
show context is really really important
so if you've got a warrant from Mexico
that should be fairly easy to prove
exactly and so that's why there's the
red flag that Anna's referring to it so
it's weird the Mexican Consulate you
would imagine would immediately go oh
thank you yes we had a root you know
warrant out for his arrest and no in
this case I said the right thing
whatever it's surprising it's unusual
for the Mexican Consulate to not have
that information but it's possible it's
possible okay and
saying nearly the context is Isis going
around
nabbing people all across the country
even if they're nowhere near the border
oftentimes without asking questions
here's another case where they don't
even bother to confirm that he's the
right guy they don't go back to see if
he's a legal resident or not he says he
has papers at home they don't bother to
check and in the context of all of the
like near kidnappings that ice has done
throughout the country you see this
story and you think I'm not sure that I
trust ice I think that is a very fair
thing to say at this point I know that
there are some conservatives who say if
you're in a position of authority I
don't care what the context is I always
believe you the government is always
right the police are always right law
enforcement always right unless they're
investigating Donald Trump in which case
is a rigged witch hunt but otherwise I'm
positive the cops are always right no
matter who they shoot or no matter who
they arrest our job in the media is not
to just trust official government
sources but to question that to be
watchdogs right so this is a perfect
case where it is fair to be a watchdog
in this story so we'll follow up and
we'll see if they ever produce that
warrant or if no as usual unfortunately
recently ice when grabbed a guy because
they've now been given a green light to
go around targeting Latinos all across
the country
did you know the TYT network is now
available on youtube's new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
TYT episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for YouTube TV today all new
subscribers get a 7 day free trial so
head over to YouTube dot TV and search
for TYT networks channel
