one of the first things that Donald
Trump did once he got elected as
president was he shrunk the size of
national monuments throughout the
country the size of his own hands now
after he did that there were promises by
Ryan Zinke who is the head of the
Interior Department that no we're not
gonna sell these public lands to private
interests okay we're not gonna give
these lands or sell these lands to oil
companies for drilling we just we just
want to shrink the size of these
national monuments for fun
obviously I'm paraphrasing there but he
promised incessantly that he would not
sell off these public lands well luckily
we have environmental groups that are
looking into this situation they're
monitoring and closely and here's what
they found
they caught the Department of the
Interior trying to sell off part of the
Grand staircase-escalante national
monument in Utah despite the pledge by
secretary Ryan's Enki never to put
public lands up for sale so luckily
because of the great work by these
environmental groups after massive
backlash the Interior Department's
Bureau of Land Management cancelled all
plans to sell off the land Trump by the
way just to give you more details on
what he did in an extremely
controversial move radically shrunk the
size of the monument last December so
the Trump administration released its
management plans for the much smaller
Grand Staircase and Bears ears national
monuments that placed a priority on
energy development and included the plan
to sell-off 1610 acres of public lands
so let's go over a couple things here
why would you shrink the monuments if
you weren't going to do some sort of
mining on them you are going to sell
them you weren't gonna do any of that no
of course you did it for a reason
hey anyone who pretends otherwise is
being disingenuous okay
in this particular case apparently turns
out some of the land that they wanted to
privatize just happen to be right next
to a property of Utah State
Representative Mike know who'd always
been complaining about it and and he
even that a state representative even
trying to name rename a Utah highway
after Trump after he shrunk the
monuments and then they like quietly
tried to say okay now
these are up for sale right next to your
property right and then they got caught
with their hand in the cookie jar and I
we didn't mean that we didn't mean that
right but let's be fair here was Ryan's
thank you really clear that he wouldn't
sell them off I'm gonna give you a
couple of quotes here and back during
his confirmation hearings when they lie
through their teeth to get confirmed
when they're not going to be balanced or
fair at all in reality he said quote I
am absolutely against transfer or sale
of public land what is the point of
Senate confirmation hearings if people
are just gonna lie say whatever they
want to say and that's it like there's
no consequence for lying and he clearly
lied in this case March third 2017 he
said quote you could hear it from my
lips we will not sell or transfer public
land one last one this is this last
December quote there's not one square
inch not one square inch of land that is
removed from federal protection well of
course that turns out to be not remotely
true well to be fair to him it was not
one square inch it was 1,600 10 acres of
public land they were trying to sell and
it's important to draw attention to this
issue because this is one of the rare
bipartisan issues among American voters
because there are a lot of conservatives
a lot of Republicans who do want to
protect this public land because they
like to go hunting they like to enjoy
that public land just as much as
liberals do or progressives do so I love
that the environmentalists did a good
job here in in revealing what's really
going on with Ryan's Enki and the sale
potential sale of public lands interior
deputy secretary David Bernhard found
himself on the underside of a bus he
said oh yeah it was me III didn't check
with anybody else and I decided to sell
it on my own my guess is Zinke earlier
told him show me the bottle two easy
ways Folio interests want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
