recently CNN's Jake Tapper decided to
fact-check Bernie Sanders and Alexandria
Castillo Cortez and their proposal for a
Medicare for All system now as we had
previously reported there was a
libertarian Institute funded by the Koch
brothers they came out with a report
indicating that Medicare for all even
though they tried to frame it as if it
would cost us a lot of money it would
actually save us two trillion dollars
over the next decade now Bernie Sanders
loved that report loved that study he
used it to highlight the fact that a
Medicare for All system would save us
tax payers meaning Americans two
trillion dollars over the next 10 years
which by the way is an under estimate
but Jake Tapper tried to fact check it
and screwed up terribly let's take a
look this week we're gonna take a look
at a claim made by two self-identified
Democratic socialists Vermont
independent senator Bernie Sanders and
New York congressional candidate
Alexandria Acacio Cortes they say that a
study funded by the billionaire Koch
brothers who are generally I think it's
fair to say libertarians and
conservatives that the medicare-for-all
proposal would actually save the
government money let me thank the Koch
brothers of all people for sponsoring a
study that shows that Medicare for all
would save the American people two
trillion dollars over a ten-year period
it shows that Medicare for all is
actually much more it is actually much
cheaper than the current system that we
pay right now is that true did a study
funded by the Koch brothers indicate
that Medicare for all would actually
save the US government trillions of
dollars no it's not true at least not
according to the author of the study
okay
there's a lot there's a lot but the
first thing that I want to get to is a
very obvious mistake here and I don't
know if it was an intentional misleading
statement but Bernie Sanders and
Alexandria Castillo Cortes on multiple
occasions mention that a Medicare for
All system would save Americans two
trillion dollars but Jake Tapper said
that
Bernie Sanders claims that it's gonna
save the US government two trillion
dollars so which one is it what what has
Bernie said incessantly who's right
who's wrong I don't know let's take a
look
answering a study that shows that
Medicare for all would save the American
people the American people the American
people two trillion dollars yeah he
didn't say the government he said the
American people but that's actually the
smallest part of this story yeah so I
saw that Jake Tapper story so-called
fact check and I fact checked his fact
check and was all over him on Twitter
but and then a lot of you guys were and
then a lot of other people were and then
now they're beginning to backpedal so
let me give you just a little bit of
context look we did a story just earlier
in this show giving CNN a ton of credit
for their report on Yemen in the past
when people ask me who is some of the
best anchors on mainstream media I often
say Jake Tapper and I've credited Chris
Cuomo and Alison Camerata etc so we're
not like the right-wing we're we're just
all blanket they're all terrible etc
right but this one was terrible and and
I might I can guess as to why they're
doing it wrong but I'll tell you the two
parts that got the most wrong in a
second my guess is that hey we say Trump
strong all the time which he is so we
have to balance it out so let's just
find something anything we could pin on
Bernie Sanders Alexandria Casa Cortez
and the left wing and then we go hey you
see that we're even we just call them
lawyers they can't wait they can't wait
to call them lies okay so now if you ask
Jake he'll be like no way you crazy no
way right but every time Bernie Sanders
during the 2016 election and on right
talks about anything is it practical is
it true it's that dismissive attitude
what Jake Tapper and a lot of those
hosts don't realize is they do have a
bias they don't realize it it's not a
conspiracy they didn't get together a
Rubin decided they have groupthink in
Washington and the groupthink is the
establishment and the status quo are
correct whatever is in that what they
perceive to be this Center is correct
that is why they
off an attacker right and the left
constantly attack right attack left to
attack right left hey guess what your
bias is what you call the center and
what the rest of us call the
establishment so look I in this specific
case though there was no attempt at you
know hitting the center of the issue
because if you are trying to be
objective and then do what CNN usually
does which is fail at that and actually
end up being neutral you would at least
have the decency to reach out to Bernie
Sanders or reach out to an expert other
than a super biased individual who's
funded by the Koch brothers to get their
side and try to figure out whether or
not you know the claims made by the
author of the Koch brothers funded study
if those accusations are true right they
didn't do that they didn't reach out to
anyone they just took the study they
took the word of Chuck blaugh house who
authored that study at his word and they
didn't ask anyone else they didn't ask
an expert they didn't reach out to
Bernie Sanders they didn't talk to
Alexandria costume Cortes in fact in the
next video tapper says the thing that
actually frustrated me the most which
was essentially giving the benefit of
the doubt to someone who's been funded
by the Koch brothers to essentially lie
about a medicare-for-all system take a
look now while it's true that the Koch
brothers have given millions of dollars
to the Mercatus Center at George Mason
University and an AP investigation
earlier this year suggested that the
Koch brothers do have control and
influence over the hiring and firing of
professors we should know for whatever
it's worth the authors of the study said
the Koch brothers did not influence them
in any way you shouldn't note that you
shouldn't note that you just mentioned
that they have a say in the hiring and
firing of professors in departments that
they're funding
really you think that they have
absolutely no say over what this author
publishes the Koch brothers have been
funding these fake scientists for years
to put out climate denial studies okay
that is what that's what they do that's
their business it's propaganda to
protect their profits now to two points
about that one is if you go tell the ass
to author hey are you lying on behalf of
the Koch brothers do you think he
to say oh yeah of course Jake you caught
me and Bernie caught me yes I the I got
hired to tell people that
medicare-for-all is bad because that's
what the Koch brothers believe so but
okay you caught me red-handed so that's
a useless thing to ask them but
secondarily more important in my opinion
is not whether the Koch brothers wrote a
memo in the middle of that study saying
hey remember I'm paying your checks and
if you want the checks to clear you're
gonna write what I tell you to write
no they hired that guy in the first case
because they knew what he was gonna
write did they hire a progressive to be
in that position no did they hire a
normal scientist economist whatever it
might be for that position no do they
hire one of the 97% of world scientists
to study climate change
no they hire the 3% that deny climate
change and that 3% know they're gonna
get paid by the Koch brothers I'm
talking about of course a different
topic in that case in this case it's all
in the hiring decisions so when you go
say no but I asked the author I asked
the author and he says the Koch brothers
didn't interfere it's kind of a
preposterous caveat also also Bernie
Sanders has been touting a Medicare for
All system for a very long time now and
so I find it fascinating that the update
to this story is this study that was
funded by the Koch brothers and the
framing of this whole fact-checking
video is all about fact-checking Bernie
Sanders rather than fact-checking the
study exactly so that leaves us the
inaccuracy
with this fact check number two one was
America the American people or the
government the second is just saying hey
I wouldn't ask the author and the author
insists that Bernie Sanders is wrong is
not a fact check CNN has several billion
dollars at a minimum and then all the
fact-checking organizations you're
working with that's their job you could
actually check the actual facts instead
of going and calling the other oh yeah
Koch brothers paid you to do that and
you say they didn't interfere and that
Bernie Sanders is wrong okay well you
say he's wrong okay I'm gonna tell
everybody that
wrong right dudes actual fat jack do the
actual factory which now leads us to the
most important part so what's actually
true even its even in the middle of Jake
Tapper story he concedes that if you pay
the Medicare rates which is by
definition what you would do in Medicare
for all that this study even the study
and even the author concede that yes it
would save the American people two
trillion dollars their only caveat and
it is preposterous it's not preposterous
in the real world of hey what's how is
it going to be applied it's preposterous
in the caveat in the context of this
fact check their only thing is well it
could cost more maybe
Medicare will wind up paying higher
rates the doctors and hospitals because
they might not take it okay that's an
interesting conversation and debate to
have but did the studies say if you
apply Medicare rates in Medicare for all
it would save two trillion dollars yes
the correct answer is yes that is
indisputable
so now Jake Tapper CNN etc you know
that's indisputable so now it's on you
are you going to correct it and how
thoroughly are you gonna correct it and
are you gonna admit that you were wrong
or are you gonna say well that's
embarrassing I don't want to actually
admit facts because they're embarrassing
to me so I'm not going to admit it
that's on you guys by the way if you are
infuriated if you're angry at Jake
Tapper's video the next portion of his
fact-check video will probably frustrate
you even more I'm gonna skip ahead guys
to video ten because this is this was in
my opinion the most insulting part of
all of it
take a look now we're not here to make a
judgement on the viability of Medicare
for all and we have no idea if the Koch
brothers influenced the writing of this
Marcaida Center study but it does seem
pretty clear that the presentation being
made by Senator Bernie Sanders and
Alexandria Acacio Cortez about the
lacks a lot of context and the author of
the study says they are not being
accurate a reminder to all you
politicians out there you're perfectly
entitled to your own opinions not to
your own facts so look I I commend
Bernie Sanders for actually responding
to this and he did it in a multi tweet
series but I want to get the get to the
heart of it so I'll give you some of
these tweets so he said the following I
think Jake Tapper for admitting his fact
check on Medicare for all was not
factual and editing his video so later
Jake Tapper actually apologized because
there was enough criticism and enough
backlash that Jake Tapper finally
realized okay we got it wrong and so he
he made that correction let me give you
more of that tweet though sadly tappers
video on Medicare for all along with
other fact checks is riddled with errors
peddled by coke funded murkiness Center
let's go through them okay great
so tapper says the study's author says
that two trillion drop is not actually
his conclusion he says that's based on
assumptions by senator Sanders wrong
provider payment rates in our plan are
not assumptions they are written into
the bill so my question is did tapper
and his producers actually look at the
bill the wording of the bill how we
would pay for the bill how the bill
would work I mean that would be an
incredibly important part of the
fact-checking process because then you
would fact check the study and realize
that there there are misconceptions
based on what the study put out there
and even so the study finds that
American Americans would save two
trillion dollars no Bernie Sanders is
more gracious than I am because he's
accepting the apology or whatever I
think that it needs to be far more
thorough than that and you could
disagree with that and that's fine but
that kind of sending thing at the end
about you're entitled to your own
opinions but not your facts when you
didn't bother checking the facts is on
bearable are you gonna tell me now that
Jake Tapper and his producers read the
bill they didn't even know that hey were
you're applying the Medicare rates so
look mistakes happen I'm not trying to
say that that's it you should never
trust Jake Tapper or CNN again etc
but what well I think we're being
reasonable what I think that the
mainstream media oftentimes lacks is the
context of of their own bias that things
that are funded are considered
legitimate things that are that you know
what they consider centrist politicians
which I think are massively right-wing
politicians and polling indicates are
out of touch with the American people
they consider centrist and they favor
greatly if Claire McCaskill now that's a
Democrat if Claire McCaskill says
something Jake Tapper is CN n takes it
way more seriously if Bernie Sanders
says something I Alexandra Kazmir
Cortez's let's go let's have fun here
okay how many of those anchors voted for
Bernie Sanders I almost none of them and
by the way how many of them voted for
Trump probably almost none of them
almost all the anchors on television I'm
guessing this is not a fact check okay
I'm guessing voted for Hillary Clinton
but they never thought in their Hey hey
isn't that a weird coincidence that we
all agree that the so-called centrist
Democrats and Republicans are Marco
Rubio and Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton
are awesome and somehow the left wing in
the right we are terrible that's funny I
wonder if somebody hired us because they
knew we thought that oh that's
interesting
and I know that you're gonna find that
outrageous because that gets to the core
of of why you were hired in the first
place but do you see them hiring a lot
of Bernie Sanders supporters as anchors
on cable television
I don't see that do you think that
that's an accident it's just a
coincidence formally I mean forget about
anchors right they're still playing this
ridiculous game where they're all
pretending to be objective what's more
important to me is what kind of guests
do they have on their panel debates
because they have absolutely no problem
hiring nonsensical maniacs like Scottie
Nell Hughes in the past who was a huge
Trump surrogate huge Trump supporter but
what was the left-wing version of that
was was there a motor there wasn't a
single progressive there not a single
progressive and they continued it's a
pattern that you continue to cable news
okay one last thing okay on cable news
if you guys care and it's obvious
generally speaking that you don't care
what progressives think and and I know
that comes like a big surprise to you
because the right wing has been yelling
at you and call you liberal media for 40
years so you internalized it you're not
remotely progressive or liberal okay
you're part of a multi-billion dollar
corporation and so when you say well
yeah but I have to have Trump people on
because you know Trump won and they're
apparently half the country well the
other ethical tree are progressives and
someone who supports Hillary Clinton and
Joe Manchin is not necessarily a
progressive you didn't check your box
why everybody I know is a Lynne
supporter no but was the country didn't
like her that's why I didn't vote for
her okay so when you say hey I every
once in a while have Nina Turner on that
actually proves our point you could
point to one person that comes on some
of the time as the one progressive you
have on if you want to count banjos were
up - whoo - okay and everyone else is
either a Trump or a Hillary Clinton
supporter does that sound balance to you
first of all you don't care about that
balance because you just dismiss
progressives as not relevant and you
don't even know it I don't think any of
this has done out of malice some people
might disagree but I really don't think
it is it's just your assumptions the
assumption is the establishment is right
and the right wing is to be respected
and progressives are to be dismissed and
this was a perfect example of that
and as usual based on no actual facts
did you know the TYT network is now
available on YouTube's new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
TYT episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for youtube TV today all new
subscribers get a seven day free trial
so head over to youtube dot TV and
search for TYT networks channel
