drive it right where your crazy help
build the home of progressives by
becoming a TYT member click the link in
the description box below yesterday's
string of attempted bombings attempted
assassinations attempted acts of
domestic terror however you want to
refer to it I think all three of those
are accurate continued through to today
with more targets being sent pipe bombs
and various forms of apparently
explosive materials and so we want to
add to to your knowledge of who is being
targeted now there were three more
devices found in Delaware in New York
this morning at or addressed to former
Vice President Joe Biden Delaware
resident and a third to actor Robert De
Niro who lives and works in lower
Manhattan I assumed he was an L a guy
all of the 10 packages that have been
discovered so far and more return
addresses from debbie Wasserman Schultz
a Democratic congresswoman from Florida
there had been a belief a little bit
later on this morning that the building
that Nancy Pelosi's office in was also
had a suspicious package I haven't seen
any updates confirming now they visited
me at this point that it did not yeah
there been a lot more than that of
suspicious packages because obviously
people are on alert and then most of
those many of those have turned out to
be false alarms now these ones appear to
be sort of consistent with the others
that have been sent over the past 48
hours a law enforcement official said
the envelope and printed address labels
in the package sent to mr. DeNiro were
similar to those on explosives sent to
former President Barack Obama former
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and
others and we talked yesterday in the
show about you know Eric Holder had been
a target of one Maxine Waters was the
target of multiples going up until last
night so if you pay attention to
politics and you understand you know
what's been going on what's been said
who the the villains have been laid out
to be this string of people is a very
interesting and unique list especially
with Robert DeNiro being included in it
I mean we remember that at an awards
ceremony I forget exactly which one he
yelled eff Trump I believe it was was it
the Tony Tony I think so yes so let's
bring up this map you're gonna see the
list there but we've pretty long list
there some of them obviously well-known
figures some who only briefly popped up
on the radar
of having to do with Trump like Robert
DeNiro Maxine Waters best known for
being talked about constantly at Trump
rallies as a low IQ individual an
accusation having nothing to do with
their intelligence and everything to do
likely with her race and then of course
George Soros and let's not kid ourselves
have gender and it's a gender yet I
think as well George Soros by the way
who was the first target of these
bombings a day or two before the others
what's interesting is that ads attacking
him as being sort of like the puppet
master behind political goings-on the
Democratic Party have run since that
bombing actually so the concern that
possibly led to these bombs being mailed
that these people are demonized outsize
of their actual influence and politics
has apparently led to no moderation
whatsoever in that messaging going
forward because George Soros continues
to be attacked yeah Donald Trump
continues today as we'll get to yeah
exactly so a couple of updates on the
the bombs themselves earlier the the AP
reported that law enforcement officials
said the bomb sent up until that point
at the very least were packed with
shards of glass and I read a little bit
later on today NBC New York was
reporting that some of the bombs
apparently had flaws in their
manufacture making it so that they were
incapable of exploding the flaws
apparently they were different between
the individual bombs
some were small some were larger and we
don't know whether the flaws were
intentional so the bombs weren't were
designed not to explode that might have
been true of all of them or if the flaws
were there because they were sent by the
kind of person who spells Florida FL Oh
our IDs they may spell Brennan and John
Brennan also Brynn was the watch
Michelle Tron they got to return right
so that it's it's hard to really read
exactly the reasons why or or if the
defective nature was on purpose so
honestly it doesn't matter because
yesterday I was saying I was like it
seems like these things weren't we're
set to go off they were more sent to be
intimidation factors or I'm I know where
you are a fact or stops that which is
still terrorism so I mean now it's
somewhere in the middle as far as is
there was there was effort put involved
you could stick like a some kind of
cylindrical shape in something with
something on the end with a couple wires
if you just want to scare someone yeah
but there was things that are including
bombs you need something to
shards of glass the FBI like that that
actually hurt people so there was some
intention there yeah the FBI is calling
them bombs yeah yeah and although there
are still no apparent hard leads as to
who might have done this nobody's you
know claimed credit or anything like
that that various points today I've seen
people are reporting that a Florida is
considered to be the origin point of at
least some of the bombs that were
searching there which would make sense
given that they sort of the strange
focus on on Debbie wasserman-schultz
yeah yeah and so look we're gonna we're
gonna get in a second into the blame
that's being laid by those on the right
but it is interesting I mean Robert
DeNiro Maxine Waters Debbie
wasserman-schultz who you know she was
the head of the the DNC but she hasn't
exactly been all over the news for the
past year and a half plus like these are
some slightly esoteric figures to
day-to-day politics unless you're paying
attention to certain streams of
political communication yeah I don't
want to read anything into it because
you know I mean DeNiro qualifies because
he's famous and that got a lot of
coverage the f Trump line right so the
Debbie wasserman-schultz thing would
suggest that it was somebody in Florida
that's why they would they would know
her right okay I mean only unless you
were you know significantly following
the democratic race would you think it
would be out but again she ran you know
she was Hillary's head of something well
but all there was work because she was
totally impartial about the irony of
what's going on here also this America
obviously right still and we have this
fear of terrorism terrorists our borders
being poorest people coming in doing
this do that to us but we continue to
ignore how it's homegrown here I mean we
were concerned about gun massacres gun
violence mass shootings on stuff because
that's it's homegrown Americans have so
many more guns than anywhere else in the
world per capita that
it kind of matches up but now we're
going with bombs more and and this many
now we're ten now they've been sent
around the country and there's not much
of a recognition that whoever sent this
around is most likely American it's not
because the caravan is coming from
Central America say you know it could
one of those Isis guys in the caravan
like who went ahead on a scouting wish
what have we learned from from all the
terrorist attacks that we've been
talking about consistently in recent
history recent political history since
like 2001 with one of the biggest ones
ever right so what we learned is to do
it ourselves
and we're not like the secondary thing
after you say who are we gonna how do we
stop this is who we become
and maybe it's what we've always been
it's just we decide to go this route
finally I will just say I understand not
wanting to you know I guess guess at who
it might be or move ahead of the
evidence and all that but I will say
that the the people who are like
tweeting at me until we have hard
evidence we can't guess anything well
I'm not sure that that's exactly true
like if they are if all of the targets
are Democrats it's not equally likely
that it's someone on the left or some on
the right it's not impossible it's
someone on the left certainly that is
within the realm of possibility but it's
not like like if all of that we're just
someone baseball if everyone on the
Dodgers was targeted for assassination
it's not equally likely that it's
someone that hates and loves the Dodgers
it's probably leaning in one direction
probably that's all saying okay why
don't we turn to the blaming later when
John talks baseball really I haven't
been to a Dodgers game this year so I
can talk about baseball it's a great
baseball reference John 15 it's the
local team right yeah a local team two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
