it's time for let's do better this week
first Rudy Guiliani
screw it I don't have time for this guy
and that's the truth the real truth not
the truth that's not the truth or
whatever the hell you were trying to say
on Meet the Press I'd rather talk about
the space force whoever came up with the
name space force let's do better this
week I see the value in protecting our
communication and even military
satellites but space force is
embarrassing
how does Air Force sound so cool but
space force sounds terrible like
something you only say when you're a
nine-year-old with a list it's faith
force my mommy got me a new space force
toy or as our nine-year-old president
put it face force all the way apparently
Trump's obsessed with the idea Axios
reports that he would ask random
questions about rocket ships and marvel
to hear about satellites and the junk
floating in space his questions were
unfocused like a student trying to learn
about a new subject it was just one of
those subjects that piqued his interest
the source said okay I can't take it
this president takes so much pride in
his utter lack of intellectual curiosity
unless it's rocket ships and you have
you seen the logos people get to choose
from for the space force they're
hilarious I've double and triple-checked
that they were the actual logos that the
administration is having the public vote
on because they seem too ridiculous to
be true for those listening to the
podcast
they look like Disney or Disneyland
Space Mountain concept arts or as one
person says Mars awaits no Mars awaits a
better logo I swear this president
where's Buzz Lightyear pajamas and also
the Air Force already has a space force
it's called the Air Force Space Command
which has its own ridiculous logo that
looks like it should be embroidered on
costumes in a b-movie from 1955 someone
who doesn't need to do better this week
is whoever took Mike Pence's space for
speech and added the theme music from
the game Halo
when it comes to defending our nation
and protecting our way of life the only
thing we can't afford is inaction the
American people deserve our very best
and they will have it that's it Mike
Pence would make a great space force
commander in a video game
you know why because if it got too bad I
could turn it off so space force let's
do better this week
oh you know you want to see more videos
like this just subscribe to the channel
below and don't forget to become a TYT
member and download the TYT Plus app on
your phone
head over to TYT dot-com / join today
