and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more police
in Georgia used taser on an 87 year old
woman who was cutting dandelions to make
a salad she was using a steak knife to
do it again she's 87 years old and some
individual thought it would be a good
idea to call the cops on her in fact we
have a video that explains this in more
detail take a look obviously my grandma
did not look violent and I think with
the 3-4 officers that were here I think
they could have controlled her in other
ways
at one point Tom actually removed the
knife from my pocket and you know show
Hardin off and then throw it down and do
my knife down on the ground trying to
make her understand what we wanted her
to do
so there were at least three cops there
on the scene she is barely able to walk
as you can see in that video where she's
walking up the stairs with the help of
her granddaughter and luckily she didn't
die because she was tased in the chest
people have died when they've been tased
in the chest because they'll suffer from
cardiac arrest but anyway this is are we
hiring cops that are afraid of 87
year-old women who are cutting
dandelions for a salad and by the way
the person who called the cops really
like he said in the phone call I don't
think she's really a threat it's just
that she has a knife
looks like she's cutting vegetation okay
then why are you calling the cops what
are you doing why are you wasting your
time doing that so the first story I
read on this was from CNN and they had
the headline police used Taser on 87
year old woman cutting dandelions with a
knife and I thought no there's something
else to this story right now I know cops
are way over aggressive and they're
taught and trained to be over aggressive
in this country but still there's sudden
a little extra this story then I read
the name of the woman is Martha all
Bashara yeah I know I don't think yes I
think you're going too far yeah I think
the cops knew what the woman's name was
I don't know no of course come on of
course the cops don't know her name
right so why did the guy call in the
first place she doesn't speak English
right and so they see someone that they
can't communicate with that looks a
little different okay
and so what do you've called it on
someone who didn't speak English maybe
wouldn't because maybe you would have
talked to her by the way she also his
dementia so the hold of sign language
that they were trying to do it wasn't
gonna work and by the way can we train
our cops to realize that some people
just literally can't hear you whether
they don't speak the language they have
dementia or some people are literally
mute and they can't hear you or death so
anyway they she turns out she's Syrian
and and but okay you want to take that
part of it out I won't take it out okay
Jake but let me just let me clarify
something so I of course watch the full
report on this
and it's not in this particular video
that we showed you where you can see the
woman's face she just looked she looks
like a white woman like an old lady you
can't tell anything about her I know
that she doesn't understand English but
you have no idea like what her
background is I don't think that you
know they called the cops on her because
look and it's a perfectly fine
disagreement and it's possible that it
had nothing to do with it right but it's
I'm not saying that they had any idea
that she was Syrian right in particular
or Muslim she's not vital nation about
them I think they're Christian from the
region if from their first names that's
my best guess just to be fair and clear
right or that she because she looked
brown or whatever but did the fact that
she couldn't speak English have a role
in this I'm saying
at a minimum possibly because the guy
called in specifically said that the
cops also specifically said that now you
can say hey that's related to with a she
couldn't understand our orders and that
might just be it but were they also a
little frightened because it was a
foreigner with a knife as a Syrian who's
traveled to the south I can corroborate
exactly what you're saying jenk I was in
South Carolina at a trucks gas station
stop and I've never felt that much of an
alien like I did in that moment knowing
that I wasn't somebody who could be
checked into the box of white or black
this woman was staring at me her and her
husband could not take their eyes off of
me and it was the most bizarre I've ever
felt in the u.s. yes the multiple
mentions of the fact that she didn't
speak English that she speaks Arabic
seems to contribute this idea that that
was something that was important as a
part of this story so I I do think that
people in the south the rural South
especially this is role rural Georgia
know that there are people around who
are not white they'll know their
neighbors they'll know the folks who are
kind of weird or strange in the way that
they think about the other so it
wouldn't surprise me that somebody's
keeping her maybe as at the back of
their mind okay yeah it kind of reads I
mean we've done stories before about
black people just innocuously living
their lives and having the cops called
on them and that's kind of historically
been shown to be a weapon you
against people of color people who maybe
look different or you know speak Arabic
or culturally different somehow
mridu way to me because what was she
doing stealing valuable dannilee yeah as
I'm walking around looking like in her
robe
basically yeah and look guys the the
ethnic thing is as part of this story
might or might not be relevant and it's
an interesting conversation I know but
the overwhelming majority of the point
of this story is that we militarize are
cops way too much and we literally train
them to be cowards and yeah that's a big
word to use here in this context but
think about it and I'm we literally
asked you in a poll if it that 87 year
old woman that you just saw in that
video even if in getting see it like the
most sprightly 87 year old woman you've
ever seen in your life and she has a
knife and she's calmly very slowly
walking towards you and and you say
alright we'll look there's some
percentage chance that I'm gonna get you
know stabbed or whatever by that knife
would you taste I would take the chance
of being stabbed by the 87 year old
woman a hundred times before I would
tase her I'd rather take that risk with
my hands with my whatever right but the
the risk that I could do like this and
and get her to put the knife down as
opposed to taking a taser and shooting
electric shocks into an 87 year old
woman who might that might kill her and
maybe you'll say I'm soft
oh what a Lib right he'd rather get
potentially stabbed then put her down
right okay then guilty as charged and
I'm a Lib but I think you're a bad guy
if you do that and and you know what and
maybe you disagree that's what we're
doing the Pope maybe you think I'm not
gonna get stabbed I got kids I got a
wife I got whatever it is I'm not gonna
take any chance and our cops shouldn't
take any chance at ever getting harm put
her down
okay I'm loading it okay but look what
does that make you two easy ways follow
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our video
