so this guy named William McRaven he is
a former Navy admiral pretty well known
one because he was the one who oversaw
the mission to kill a guy named bin
Laden that was the Navy SEAL operation
obviously and he was the head of US
Joint Special Operations Command from
2011 to 2014 he has just challenged
Donald Trump I'm already having fun okay
and he said why don't you come revoke my
security clearance he said I also don't
agree with you I think that you've
debates this country so because he Trump
took away Brennan's security clearance
McRaven is saying look man he's do his
he has every right to do that as an
American citizen speaking out it is part
of our core values the ones I fought for
and I fought to defend and here's a
quote from him he said through your
actions you have embarrassed us in the
eyes of our children humiliated us on
the world stage and worst of all divided
us as a nation
damn man here's who you don't want to
mess with
McRaven just has been Laden hey so I am
curious what do mango guys are gonna say
I mean they did things that were
previously unimaginable like attacking
the FBI and say all that the ice
terrible our law enforcement is terrible
right are they gonna attack McRaven out
on the grave probably remember what he
said about McCain I prefer people who
weren't captured go ahead go for it go
for go after Admiral McRaven Donald
Trump see how it turns out for you
unfortunately your manga guys probably
will support you because they had no
respect for this country two easy ways
to follow young turks one is hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
