and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more sarah
Huckabee Sanders she misrepresented
reality nothing new but the new thing
this time is she actually apologized for
it the original statement was made at a
press conference that she gave one of
the rare ones because she's doing fewer
and fewer of these days but here's what
she had to say originally about
employment numbers for african-americans
under the Trump administration versus
the Obama administration since he took
office in the year and a half that he's
been here has created 700 thousand new
jobs for African Americans that's
700,000 African Americans that are
working now that weren't working when
this President took place when President
Obama left after eight years in office
eight years in office he had only
created 800 or 195,000 jobs for African
Americans President Trump in his first
year and a half has already tripled what
President Obama did in eight years that
does sound like he's really nice when it
comes to African American unemployment
unfortunately that's not true the
numbers were wrong Yahoo News reports
that was an American Black American
employment rose by three million he
create Obama created 3 million jobs
during his time in office now Sarah
Sanders issued a apology which looked
like this he or she says correction from
today's briefing jobs numbers for
President Trump and President Obama were
correct but the time frame for President
Obama wasn't I'm sorry for the mistake
but no apologies for the 700,000 jobs
for African Americans created under
President Trump and she also includes
like the White House CEA like this is
her doctor's note excusing her from
truth today as they apologized to her
her apology / non apology wasn't really
even that was a little misleading yeah
because she can't help herself but I
want to give you some of the percentages
to give you a better sense of what
happened under Obama and what continues
to have been under Trump so the New York
Times noted that when Obama took office
which was you know during the Great
Recession the unemployment rate for
blacks in America was twice
point seven percent right very high but
according to the Bureau of Labor
Statistics the rate had increased to
sixteen point eight percent in March of
2010 and then finally it began to fall
so it takes time for legislation to work
or policies to work it fell to seven
point eight percent by Obama's last
month in August in 2017 and it continued
to drop under trump to six point six
percent in July of 2018 so that's not me
like congratulating Obama by the way
because as I've said on the show I don't
care if it's a Democrat or a Republican
who did all this right what I care about
is the quality of those jobs and as we
talked about on nofilter the quality of
those jobs suck okay they're not paying
well a lot of them are temporary jobs a
lot of them are part-time jobs we never
have a discussion about whether or not
people are getting paid a living wage
and whether or not that the middle class
is growing or at least maintaining
itself no it's the middle class
continues to shrink because people are
underpaid so the quality of jobs matters
way more in my opinion than the
unemployment rate yeah listen of course
you want to if your Trump you want to
compare everything to the first you know
year of Obama's presidency cuz he took
office when things were the worst yes
that's a gift and this is Trump also
inheriting like a functional economy
when he took office and that is like
everything is not my saying but it's a
very apt saying and this everything that
he does where he's like born on third
base and thinks he hit a triple yeah
that's what it is
definitely he absolutely did and then
all of his when did she say this in her
press conference this is literally
moments after she was asked can you
guarantee that there's not gonna be a
recording of Trump saying the n-word but
she says I can't guarantee that and it's
literally like 15 seconds after that
because that's their argument their
argument is like he's I don't like black
people I'm mister black people I do so
much of them like you know give them
jobs and like Anna says it doesn't point
out what kind of jobs they are doesn't
point out how much better he could be
for black people doesn't mention that in
every other tweet is something
undercutting any any strides that you
know minorities and arch are making
talks about the NFL protest talks of in
basically what he's saying the argument
lying to folks trying to say how nice
he's being to them is like he says about
all black people you're too stupid to
understand how good I'm being to you and
that's what's so frustrating yeah
absolutely
and and look as we've said on the show
whether or not Trump has uttered the
n-word and I'm inclined to believe that
he has yeah it doesn't really matter
what matters is his actions what he has
done for or against the african-american
community the things that he's done in
his past when it comes to the
african-american community which is a
black community the renting
discrimination issues that you know
Riddle Donald Trump's past like all of
those things matter way more than what
Trump may or may not have said on tape
so you know again I think the economy is
an important issue not just for the
black community but for Americans
overall and I just want the mainstream
media to do a better job in reporting
what the reality is because if you look
at the reality if you look at what's
going on with stocks if you look at
what's going on with the quality of
these jobs if you see how average
Americans are really struggling even
under these like rose-colored glasses
perspectives of the economy you'll know
like hey this is not working out for us
there are real problems here yeah it's
like when there was that one job I was
at the growth report he saw the four
point 1 percent GDP growth drove me
crazy yeah he was like I got four point
one percent we never thought we'd have
four point one percent first of all you
promised four point sent and four
percent annual growth yeah not just a
quarter you had the previous quarter was
like two percent we have the the graph
the next graphic is actually like a
chart saying four percent growth over
time not to make there's four quarters
during which Obama had more growth than
you did and you're saying that you
outperformed him that's what's so
frustrating it's so frustrating so
there's so many implications about this
and how pissed I
at the news lately yeah me too
especially when it comes to reporting
about the economy and look GDP growth is
great but it doesn't give you a full
picture of what's going on you have to
ask yourself or you should investigate
why we had 44.1% in in GDP growth over
the last quarter is it because Americans
are getting paid more no is it because
there was more consumer spending yes but
that consumer spending was due to
middle-class Americans working-class
Americans taking out more debt in order
to buy products that they need and then
there's the other part of the equation
which was you know China importing
soybeans ahead of schedule in order to
you know prevent paying the tariffs
before they went into effect so that's
what really fueled that GDP growth and
we're unlikely to see that in the next
quarter yeah and you're talking about
how great life is for african-americans
in this country but you're doing so much
more sir yeah all of the millionaires
and billionaires that you just gave a
giant tax cut to don't pee on my leg and
tell me it's raining too easy wasteful
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
