and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more
earlier this week Donald Trump had a
huge signing event to show his support
for the National Defense Authorization
Act and in that act as we all know he
increased the budget for the military to
seven hundred seventeen billion dollars
in fiscal year 2019 and there were a few
good things in that in that bill one of
the good things was the fact that he
would increase pay for the military that
was pretty much the only good thing but
there was also something that caught my
attention and I was curious to see how
Trump would react to it in coming days
so part of this reauthorization act
included specific provisions pertaining
to Russia provisions that I felt Trump
wouldn't be in favor of but he hadn't
said anything about it when we reported
the story he said some stuff about it
today not today but recently and I
wanted to share that aspect with you
guys so in the signing event Trump
objected to four of the eight provisions
related to Russia included in the four
is provision 1241 which states that none
of the defense bills funds quote may be
obligated or expended to implement any
activity that recognizes the sovereignty
of the Russian Federation over Crimea
now in 2014 Russia annexed Crimea Crimea
which was Ukrainian territory and the
u.s. imposed sanctions on Russia as a
result of that Russia not in favor of
those sanctions clearly not in favor of
them and so the whole point here is hey
we're not going to use any of the
defense budget on protecting Russia and
its actions and Trump does not like that
so Trump argued that the bill would
unjustly limit his presidential
authority by restricting
military-to-military cooperation with
Russia and mandating he report to
Congress if Russia violates the
intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty
or if he discusses a new strategic arms
reduction treaty with Russian President
Vladimir Putin so he's already you know
spoken out against this he's on the
record it's unsurprising to me what was
surprising was when he initially signed
it and we hadn't heard anything about
him being against these Russian
provisions this stuff this this bill
this defense bill has other stuff in it
it has stuff like American troops in in
South Korea for example and the number
of troops associated with the Middle
Eastern involved in other words there
there are a number of things that laid
out here so it is weird I mean yet yet
again another weird Russian thing that's
carved out by trunk and it's again
carved out so obviously it was kind of
like his clunky remarks in front of
Putin at that press conference it's like
I can't believe this like if you're
really in Russia's pocket why wouldn't
you at least try to put on a little bit
of a charade well in this case we're
probably a little less of a charade as
possible I mean you are going to have to
go on the record with actual legislation
actual spending he's had to come out of
the woods even further and say I'm not
good with this Russia part I think one
of the parts that stuck out I think I
mentioned it's a few times today
there was aspects of it that the the
these would violate some of Trance
presidential powers one of what's being
they were they were requiring him to
report on North Korea's nuclear
activities so I looked at the signing
statement that was brought up and the
again in more of the terms as my
administration will treat these
provisions consistent with the
president's constitutional authority to
withhold information the disclosure of
which could impair national security so
and speaking to the Congress it's going
to impair your national security to
continue a buddy-buddy relationship it
was your new friend who's amazingly
smart and it's tough King in the way
that you wish you could be at such a
young age so it's gonna impair national
security for people to have an update on
what you promised would happen because
of your summit that was self
aggrandizing yeah so let me give me the
exact wording so here here are bullet
points of all the things that Trump
objects to provisions limiting u.s.
support for the Saudi military campaign
in Yemen so US taxpayer
is going toward fighting Saudi Arabia's
war in Yemen okay that's what's
happening and there is a humanitarian
crisis there there is a children are
dying as a result of our actions we're
selling arms to Saudi Arabia like crazy
but but no one reports on it no one
talks about it it drives me nuts okay so
Trump is against that he doesn't want
any limitations when it comes to helping
Saudi Arabia you know go after you many
citizens the way that they have
civilians the way that they have
transfers of Guantanamo Bay detainees
and the number of troops in South Korea
and then finally this is what you were
alluding to junior provision mandating
the president report on North Korea's
nuclear activities you know why Trump
doesn't want to report on what's going
on with North Korea's nuclear activities
because they're still developing nuclear
weapons after he tweeted that we have
nothing to worry about so it's over
right no there hasn't no there hasn't
you're not a good negotiator you didn't
make a good deal you didn't make a deal
you didn't do anything and he's trying
to make it seem as though he
accomplished something right I mean he's
a head he's a headline stealer but he
doesn't really do anything and then you
see who he's in bed with you said he's
in bed with the Saudis that's because of
military sales to Saudi Arabia it's all
about money and Russia that parts about
money also as as you know it's either
about money laundering or it's about
money loans about money loaned it's
about it's about his Trump properties
it's about any number of things that are
associated with money in the main this
is he doesn't want any limit on his
executive power and as we said earlier
he's trying to expand his executive
power and this clearly places limits on
his executive power and forces him to
own up to certain things that are going
on in his administration two easy ways
for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
