a school district in Colorado is
deciding to shorten its school week from
five days to four days because it has
not received the funding necessary to
operate a full 5-day school week so let
me give you the details on what's going
on it's the Brighton based school
district 27 J in Colorado they announced
Monday that the four-day week will
entice quality teachers and allow for
the allocation of resources to items
more critical to the district's primary
purpose now that's a nice way of
sugarcoating it but the reality is they
don't have the funding to you know
operate five days a week one of the the
superintendent for the school district
said I realize this will be a
significant change for our students
their families and the communities we
are so fortunate to serve but our
district can no longer be expected to do
more with less financial resources
according to local reports there have
been six failed attempts to get more
money through bond elections with the
new change they hope to save around 1
million dollars in three key areas by
not running school buses on the days
with no classes the district estimates
to save around seven hundred thousand
dollars so that's the one of the main
ways that they're gonna save the money
it's just sad yeah so but reality is
reality and budgets are budgets so it's
same thing with a business you either
have the money or you don't so they
don't have the money and they voted on
it they said no so I think it's a
perfectly fair to say okay then I'm
gonna do four days and if I have less
money I'm gonna have to go do three days
and on and on we go and politics is a
matter of choices and priorities and so
your votes people you support shows what
your values are so if you and I don't
know this particular district but I do
know the country at large you know we go
and vote for people who give us
trillions of dollars in tax cuts for the
rich all the time we go vote for people
who start wars that cost trillions of
dollars did that ever help your kids did
they
a quarry is there anybody in America in
Colorado or otherwise who were like oh
my god my seven-year-old was having
trouble thank God we invaded Iraq right
has invading Iraq helped any of your
kids that cost 2 and a half trillion
dollars but in Colorado they didn't have
money for a five-day as school week I
mean so what does that say about us as a
country the tax cuts that were just
passed by Donald Trump created a 1.9
trillion dollar hole in our budget we
had money to lower corporate taxes we
had money to keep the hedge fund
loophole we had money for all those
things we have money for threatening
Iran and and and now special war budget
put it right but we don't have money for
our own kids yeah and by the way how
does someone lift themselves up by the
bootstraps when there are no boots right
when when they don't even have those
opportunities the whole point of public
education is to give everyone regardless
of their socioeconomic status an
opportunity to work their way up the
economic ladder now I know we've done
stories for years now where you know
we've given you example after example of
education getting dismantled on a grade
school level college education becoming
less and less attainable because of
extremely high cost I get it but I mean
it just keeps getting worse and we need
to do something about it they defund
public education on purpose so then they
can turn around and point to it and say
look at it it's failing
well yeah it's failing cuz you're not
giving it the resources necessary to
thrive so I'll tell a short version of
this story
the longer versions I've told in post
games and old schools before if you
become a member you get all of that of
course T y-t-dot-com slash joined to
become a member the short version is
part of the reason progressive today is
that my dad got a free college education
he was a farmer in southeastern Turkey
he had no opportunities no money at all
and and because of that free education
he became a mechanical engineer set up
his own company hired a lot of people
helped the economy both in Turkey and
then here as well when he set up a
different business here
made the American dream possible for us
even though he first got a college
education in Turkey and then he got a
master's degree here in America that's
how it works but they're robbing your
kids of that American dream I mean if
you don't have that equality of
opportunity what do you have what do we
stand for so for God's sake actually
look out for your families and your
communities and for fellow Americans and
vote your values two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
