some of the white nationalists who were
involved in the Charlottesville protest
last year which led to the death of
Heather Haier decided to commemorate the
event by doing another march in
Washington DC was known as the unite the
right to protest now the counter
protesters outnumbered significantly
outnumbered the white nationalists that
were a part of this unite the right
rally and Lou Dobbs wanted to cover it
talked about it on his show he's a fox
news host and look there were issues
there with a few anti feh
protesters counter protesters who were
harassing and going after journalists
and we're gonna get to that in just a
second but I want you to pay close
attention to the way he refers to
counter protesters and how he refers to
the white supremacist who decided to do
a commemorative march on the one-year
anniversary of Heather hire getting
murdered and run over by a car our top
story tonight the radical left militant
group and Tifa wreaking havoc over the
weekend in Virginia and our nation's
capital in Washington DC where the
antifoam mob numbered around 200 they
heavily outnumbered the two dozen
so-called white supremacists they were
supposedly there to confront they're not
so-called white supremacists that's the
whole point of the March white supremacy
was the whole point of the March look a
lot of people did not show up right and
that's a good thing
but I would argue that they probably
didn't show up because there were
serious ramifications for some of them
who did show up last year a lot of them
lost their jobs they were in photographs
their employers didn't like it so it's
risky to show up to something like that
we covered this on the show at Donnell
last week where they were having debates
in white supremacists and neo-nazi
websites about should they go or should
they not because they might lose their
jobs etc and and is and the main source
of the conversation was should we just
try to make it more subtle and make sure
that our white supremacy
is put into the culture without actually
wearing the Nazi armbands that was a
little debate that they had right
because the Nazi armbands don't play
well in the media we all think it right
but it doesn't play well so we have to
figure out how to strategize over this
but there was no question that this was
a white supremacist March that's it's
not so-called it's not yeah that's
period period it's look there's a range
of people in different movements so you
can't say that all the right-wing for
example in this country was represented
by that March that's not fair at all
right but the people in that March
represent the people in that March and
there were all white supremacist right I
mean look if you were if you had
favorable views of the March a year ago
and then you're like that did not work
out well it's a really bad idea to show
up and commemorate what happened last
year then like you made a smart decision
by not sure but the guys who showed up
they're the worst of the worst like they
are the worst they're the ones who think
yeah of course we're gonna we're gonna
draw more attention to the heinous acts
that were committed a year ago no Lou
Dobbs man I don't know how deeply racist
you are but what if you're not what a
weird decision to defend these guys who
said we are going to have a white
supremacist March for white nationalism
and to commemorate the what they called
was the taking away of their civil
rights in Charlottesville
they're the ones who murder somebody
that not you know the guy who
specifically did it is in prison but it
was their group that encouraged and did
that rally and chanted anti-semitic
chants and all that stuff and Heather
hire got killed and they want to
commemorate that and pretend that
they're the victims
what are you doing defending them yeah
well I mean I guess unless you are them
why else would you defend those guys and
you look at that and you say the problem
isn't the white supremacists but the
people protesting them it's like can you
imagine during the Skokie March remember
the Nazis marched in Skokie Illinois a
long time ago and that was a big moment
in America and and and they and the
court said they no no it's a free
country even Nazis are allowed to march
if juice has showed up to protest them I
guess Lou Dobbs would have done a
segment saying I mean the so-called
Nazis but look at the thugs who came up
to protest them what right look I get it
they think that masks on and I get it
they're on the left and you hate him
pick a better venue to criticize them
right so look I want to be we want to be
as honest and fair as possible when we
report these stories so I like goddamn
Fox that's exactly right that's exactly
right so so there were a few people
associated with an Tifa who did things
that I do not agree with I think it's
incredibly counterproductive
I'll give you specific examples so the
police were essentially barricading or
separating the counter protesters from
the protesters with good reason you
don't want things to break out in
violence totally so members of an Tifa
some members of an tyfa got angry or
upset about that because they weren't
able to you know confront these rally
goers so they took out a lot of their
frustration on reporters and journalists
who are doing their jobs they're there
to do their jobs don't attack them and
some of them did get attacked when a
Washington Post reporter tried to
interview the anti-fascists they refused
to speak which is fine but here's where
it gets bad when he followed them up the
street with his cell phone camera one of
them shoved a black umbrella into his
lens and several shouted no photos then
it got worse this can harm us one of the
protesters said just before someone
swatted the reporters iPhone out of his
hand and threw it into the middle of the
street that's unacceptable you can't do
that well sir
look my guess as to why they're doing it
and it's not a justification definitely
do not do that is that they're concerned
that Fox News and that's why they're
wearing the masks that Fox News is going
to identify them and now they say wow
you guys identified the Nazis they're
Nazis okay so but what are the alt-right
do the trolls online do it and Fox aid
and abet them oh here's the antiva guys
they're the thugs they go after them and
try to get them fired etc I get that but
they can't call you thugs if you're not
behaving in in this type of behavior
right like
your your there you're the good guys
you're supposed to be the good guys
you're there to protest hate so why are
you giving terrible people like Lou
Dobbs and Tucker Carlson who we'll get
to in just a second any fodder like
don't do it don't give them anything and
if you don't want to be in the photos
and so I wear the masks that's totally
fine but don't damage other people's
properties don't go after journalists
who are there doing their jobs NPR
reporter Tim Mack watched antiva
protesters lob fireworks and bottles at
the police separating them from the
white supremacist unacceptable guys come
on
so look there's a couple of different
possibilities one is they're wearing
masks who knows if they're in that right
wing get ready to go nuts okay I don't
know if they're not right-wingers who
are saboteurs and and and maybe that's
why they don't want their picture taken
maybe that's why they attack the police
and they attack the press so they can
say oh look at the left look at the left
I have no idea I have no idea okay
could it be guys on the left who did
that of course it could be and so I
don't know what you think you're trying
to prove but it isn't all you're doing
is giving Fox ammunition for no goddamn
reason that's why I wonder if they're
actually right-wingers because why would
you bother helping their cause like that
that's it's it's not remotely helpful
but I know there are a lot on the Left
who work to the left of us or whatever
that band of the spectrum is or super
frustrated and doing things that I think
are unproductive and unhelpful for you
gonna Tucker there's this is why
inciting violence is a problem you know
so if you start a problem by saying
we're gonna have a rally about how much
we hate people and then last year we're
gonna commemorate how we killed someone
and tried to kill many more but we're
unlucky enough to only kill one woman
and then we're gonna do it again and you
incite a scene where people are gonna
oppose you you're at fault in my opinion
if you start the fight and you're
commemorating a deadly fight before that
you started already you want this fight
you want people to come out and fight
with you so we'll need to respond in a
violent way it's wrong but you you're
there to have that fight this is why
when you have these clashes everyone's
at fault but you can act like you didn't
just ask for it to start you wanted
people these guys part of the Platinum
let's have a race war how much do we
hear about that don't give it to them
and in America we gotta let them speak
man we got to let them rally let's just
us thirty total losers walk around and
get fired okay ours through bunch of
people that's what they do no no but
that's why the cops are right to
separate them so nothing don't separate
them go I don't want the fight yeah I
know but it's not you can't say it's
inciting just to have a rally because
otherwise we can't have rallies and they
got first amendment rights you got a
first memorize the counter protest I
just don't think it's effective so let's
go to Tucker Carlson Tucker Carlson
essentially has the same talking points
but takes it a step further and argues
that the United States has absolutely no
race issues
take a look yesterday was the year
anniversary of the unite the right rally
in Charlottesville Virginia in which a
woman was fatally struck by a car that
was driven into the crowd if you
followed the hyperventilating press
coverage leading up to yesterday's event
you probably expected to see thousands
of hooded Klansmen showing up on
horseback in DC to commemorate and
celebrate the killing white supremacy is
just that prevalent in America they tell
us it's everywhere except it's not
that's a lie
white supremacy is not ubiquitous in
America it's not a crisis it's not even
a meaningful category it is incredibly
rare you could easily live your entire
life in this country without meeting a
single person who believes anything like
that most of us have lived lives like
that I have what is a crisis in America
and a growing crisis is left-wing
extremism and violence our elites abet
and encourage it our media pretend it
doesn't exist
okay so Tucker Carlson argues that there
is absolutely no racial tension in the
country not nothing going on with race
Wars everything's hunky-dory except then
you look back at his previous Fox News
episodes and you come across stuff like
this a recent piece of National
Geographic tells you a lot about
demographics in America and about how
bewilderingly fast they're changing
without any real public debate on the
subject in the year 2000 Hazleton
population was two percent Hispanic just
16 years later Hazleton is majority
Hispanic that's a lot of change this
pace of change makes societies volatile
really volatile just as ours has become
volatile that's happening all over the
country no nation no society has ever
changed this much this fast
consider and be honest how would you
feel if that happened in your
neighborhood so the culture their
parents and grandparents had built
evaporated they never asked for any of
that
it was just imposed on them they were
bewildered understandably they caused
all of this with their reckless
immigration policies and yet their own
neighborhoods are basically unchanged it
look like it's 1960 what is he talking
about
okay so let's break all of this down
first of all my favorite part of that is
no nation has ever changed this fastest
quickly citation please you made that up
there's no there's no such fact then he
goes now imagine if it happened in your
neighborhood how would you like it I'd
be totally fine with it because I'm not
racist like you like I didn't like he
doesn't he can't believe that anyone
would be fine with it if my town is in
LA for example or Miami where I lived
became 60% Latino which it kind of is
okay I moved here I knew what it was but
anyway if it became 60% Latino I'd like
okay so what where's Tucker things like
that's a nightmare and he's telling
everyone in the audience could you
imagine come on it would happen in your
hometown he's goddamn Latinos coming in
supremacy I don't know what you're
talking about my favorite thing in the
world is talking about how conservatives
who fear monger about Latinos the most
have all moved to Los Angeles okay and
Coulter Los Angeles Ben Shapiro Los
Angeles Prager University
I didn't know this headquartered in Los
Angeles Breitbart
Los Angeles right Bart Los Angeles carry
Mexicans and Latinos get out yeah no
interest in you okay so now let's go
back to his first clip he says oh the
left is hyperventilating over this the
last time it happened these
chanted the Jews will not replace us and
murder someone being concerned about
that is hyperventilating
hyperventilating Jake okay
and it's not even true like for example
on the Turks on Friday well I said look
it's not gonna be that many people that
show up okay and how many times have I
said that on the show a million times
there's not that many of these idiot
loser right-wingers we over hyped them I
tell you not to do counter protest
because otherwise this seven dorks came
out of our basement like take over happy
yet right now on the other hand is that
all white supremacy is no there and
Tucker it knows this it's there's a
spectrum of white supremacy from okay
I'm a Nazi and I hate the blacks the
Jews the Latinos and everybody else too
well I don't call them the n-word but I
don't want them in my town right I don't
want them in my house I don't want to
met my job - hey you know what I find
that black guys scary I think that's
legitimate to think that they're scary
I don't they do more crime they're
bigger they're stronger they're more
violent no I don't hate I don't hate him
like one guy said and his story covered
I let him use my bathroom Wow okay that
is I didn't know you were that merciful
okay - Tucker Carlson saying on-air that
these are scary demographic changes why
are they scary no no no I love it okay
so not only did he say that in one of
his episodes in the past but in the more
recent episode where he's talking about
this unite the two rally unites the
right rally he said this this is an
exact quote from his segment in fact
this is a generous tolerant country it
has always been like that
really it's always been a tolerant
country so like Native American genocide
that was tolerant slavery that was a
conversation because the elderly white
people who watch Fox News want to live
in their dream world where this country
never had any racial tensions are you
crazy
nobody in this sense they it for them
that's true because they think I never
had any racial problems
because you were in the majority it's
not really how it works and more absurd
things that he said you know all this
change with that public debate what were
you supposed to do to have a debate in
that town in Pennsylvania hey should we
let the Latinos in okay that was
supposed to be a debate okay that's not
really how it works it has made this
country so volatile no your demagoguery
on air stoking fear and hatred against
the others just what has made it
volatile left-wing violence what on
God's green earth are you talking about
it makes it sound like it was the left
who killed someone in Charlottesville
instead of the right it was the right
wing you know what would the majority of
terrorists in this country are
right-wing extremists now that doesn't
mean Tucker Carlson is extremist was
gonna kill people there's a spectrum
okay but if you look at the great
majority of terrorist actions in America
according to the FBI which I now know
that you don't like you don't like any
law enforcement but if you look at our
government stats it's by right-wing
terrorists
so left-wing violence because in his
mind in his racist mind he thinks I mean
what do you mean blacks and Latinos are
the violent ones right I mean we kill
them we enslaved we did this we did that
right and Tucker I'm not putting it on
you but if you say it never happened
then I gotta tell you yes you moron yes
it did happen and then he cries oh you
won't get over slavery you're accusing
me of it I'm just telling you hey idiot
it oh pretend it didn't happen when it
did and so this whole everything he said
there was a lie my favorite last one was
like some of us for our whole lives
without meaning a white supremacist like
me what you never looked in the mirror
you push white supremacy all the time on
air and yes when you say that
demographic changes are things you
should be worried about and nobody would
want it in their town nobody would want
their town to be majority Latino and
that it's demographics
that's the problem that is by definition
white supremacy two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
