Android users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more Sacha
Baron Cohen is a trickster and he
recently tricked a pro-gun activist by
the name of Dan Roberts this aired on
the more recent episode of his show is
show time show who is America and just
to give you a little taste of who Dan
Roberts is before we go to the video
Roberts was a very outspoken against the
student protesters a teen activist in
the wake of the Parkland massacre and
now he runs the youth shooters of
America I mean that name already is
funny and tragic youth shooters of
America fun yeah Wow the video that
you're about to watch is insane and it's
also a little explicit but let's have
fun let's take a look how to survive a
beheading of the okay I'm very
interested I survived to Benedict Wow I
want to know how to do this sir there is
only one defense okay you want to learn
it absolutely the only vulnerable point
is the groin so I am going to attack the
groin really do you want to have
somebody will move your manhood right
right do you want to know course not you
bite you have him right don't let go
until you are safe right one time I had
my attackers Zion in my mouth for four
hours and 40 minutes right right by the
end of the attack I let him live Wow in
the four hours and 20 minutes I had him
in my mouth
something happened in his mind now he
have given up their whole you have
separated from his wives right and he is
running a PR company in Turkey right
okay so what you are doing is you
identify the target so we go slow you
identify the target I put up the sword I
am talking and now you attack the way
you chose your Z stay cool
what do you see outside say fool
everybody thought the weapon go go -
yeah everybody stay where you are okay
so follow us or your yes
don't move walk walk walk
this is what I have to say to Sasha
Baron Cohen we are not worthy we are not
worthy man that was amazing
he put a dildo in his mouth okay look so
even before he like sucked on the build
heap oh I can't believe we're saying
this ends anyway when he said I had his
Zion in my mouth for four hours and 40
minutes you schmuck how could you
possibly believe that who would be so
stupid enough to believe that Colonel
Adam Laurent and the devil suspects Zion
in his mouth for four hours and then he
changed it to twenty minutes if you
noticed yeah and when he put on the
strap on that's what you leave that's
when you leave what are you trying with
other people's nonsense with other
people tentacles like we're gonna wrap
this up we're done with this right but
every time he goes through because
they're not to be fair not every time
yeah like there was a congressman who
was like yeah no I'm not gonna say that
right who was a Republican but for like
these guys especially like the gun guys
at cetera they're like oh we're gonna
shoot outta bed little teddy bears mouth
okay eat these little kids and the guy
with of course and he told us read about
them by the way watch his top I don't
know I mean he didn't have a dildo in
his mouth and he said my mouth is big
enough for the fortuity but the Georgia
State Legislature not only showed his
ass and was going backwards yelling okay
but also bit off a sausage just like
this okay and by the way you've got to
watch the whole show who's America
I'm watching it there's some stuff in
there that you're not seeing online
that's gold that's amazing like what he
did with the guys who were anti-latino
again
right-wing activists who hate Latinos he
got them to put on a fake vagina okay
and then start feeling each other and
then and then he got the cops to show up
because they had all these roofies and
they put up a sign saying come here
little girls since the I mean I mean and
no look on their face when the guys
dressed like a woman was a fake vagina
on him and he's like no we were trying
to entrap Mexicans and the cops like
what I mean like you don't think that a
member of Isis or some other terrorist
wouldn't just shoot you in the head as
you have his dick in her mouth for four
and a half hours like you think that
that would never happen like just think
for one second just think for one second
one second
if you go to attack his ire he couldn't
wait it's like he couldn't wait to do it
it was amazing right he go to attack his
eye on don't you think with the sword
you just go home and chop your head off
hey no but that's why the show is genius
because this shows you who they are they
are these a lot of these right-wing
groups these are their leaders it's not
like it's some random Schmo and a we're
trying to mess with a group by picking
the dumbest guy in the group no he picks
their leaders that's how dumb they are
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on youtube you're
notified of our videos
