Android users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more Omarosa
Manigault newman has or is coming out
with a book it's a tell-all book
regarding the trump administration where
she served as some sort of advisor now I
have no love for her I don't really
trust her I also have no love for Trump
and I certainly don't trust him however
she secretly recorded administration
officials and is releasing some of these
tapes so with that said let's go to the
first tape this is John Kelly firing
Omarosa take a look ask you a couple
questions
does the president is president aware
don't let's not go down the road this is
a non-negotiable discussion I don't want
to negotiate I just I've never talked
got a chance to talk to you to know
because so that this is my departure I'd
like to have at least an opportunity I
understand we can we can talk another
time this has to do with some pretty
serious bodily integrity violations so
I'll let it go with that so the staff
and everyone on the staff works for me
not the president okay so I mean
murderers row of creeps here so Omarosa
taping of a chief of staff what are you
doing that's crazy so outrageous she
apparently brought a secret recording
device into a Situation Room
look now I'm afraid the Donald Trump is
going after a lot of his political
enemies and I think that it and and
talking about now Jeanine Pirro on Fox
News talking about imprisoning robert
muller insanity right Jerry Falwell Jr
evangelical leader talking about
imprisoning Jeff Sessions Trump's
Attorney General because he's not
sufficiently loyal enough to Donald
Trump
I mean these people have lost their
minds but in a case like Elmer OSA I
actually do think that the FBI or
whichever branch is responsible for this
should go get the other tapes it's not a
matter of defending Donald Trump it's a
matter of you're not allowed to record
in the Situation Room
what if you recorded national secrets
yeah somebody should go get those tapes
and not have it just be in her position
she's not it's not like she's a
trustworthy person so look I think some
of the stuff she says about Trump is
true and we'll talk about that but what
she did was outrageous so you have to
call like it is yeah so she claims you
know in various combative interviews
that the reason why she did this was to
protect herself because the
administration according to her and I
believe her on this lies incessantly and
so when she got fired she said that well
the recordings we didn't show you this
portion of it in the recording general
Kelly says something about how she
should just kind of let it go and agree
to this and not make a big deal about it
so she can move on to other things
without any issues I have the exact
quote she says you can go on without any
type of difficulty in the future
relative to your reputation right now
you can tell he in the part that we
played for you he said that there was
terrible violations of ethics so Omarosa
turns around and goes oh my god do you
see that he's threatening me about my
reputation
but apparently you violated terrible you
violated ethics rules terribly so that
would be a legitimate thing Hey look
don't be a knucklehead if you go and and
don't make a big mess here then people
don't have to find out what a terrible
employee you were know the thing that
the thing that drives me crazy is that
this is the White House that we're
talking about this is our government
that we're talking about I mean the
clowns who thought it was a good idea to
hire her because she was on a reality
show with Trump I mean Trump was part of
that decision right I mean what is this
is there a circus are we gonna run
definitely executive branch this way our
Trump supporters in favor of the way
things are turning out is this making
America great again
I mean you're right she shouldn't be
recording them secretly like this but at
the same time what do you think is gonna
happen when you employ a clown as well
as a Trump advisor no if you set up a
three-ring circus you shouldn't be
surprised when clown show up yeah and
and then you hired them so I'm gonna get
it we're gonna get the Trump's tweets in
a second
which are amazing and preposterous but
the exact quote that Ana was referring
to is Omarosa said this is a white house
where everybody lies you have to have
your back okay that's true everybody in
the White House does live a lie
incessantly including the president and
including you Omarosa okay but that
doesn't mean you could record in the
Situation Room in the White House so
recording people without their
permission in some states is illegal and
is deeply problematic in any workplace
environment let alone the White House so
there's nobody who's innocent here
they're all bad guys yeah but let's get
to Trump's tweets because it shows what
a maniac he is right so we're gonna read
Trump's tweets and then she just
released audio of an interaction that
she had with Trump as well this was a
phone call that she had with Trump after
she got fired so first here's what Trump
had to say about this whole debacle
whacky Omarosa who got fired three times
on The Apprentice now got fired for the
last time she never made it never will
she begged me for a job tears in her
eyes I said okay people in the White
House hated her she was vicious but not
smart I would rarely see her but heard
nasty things that was the rest of that
tweet but I want to go to this second
graphic while I know it's not
presidential to take on a low-life like
Omarosa and while I would rather not be
doing so this is a modern-day form of
communication that I know the fake news
media will be working overtime to make
even whacky Omarosa look legitimate as
possible sorry but some of the things
that she says are legitimate I mean
again I have no love for her but what
she's essentially doing everything that
she's put out there just reinforces what
we already knew about youth Trump about
your administration she didn't say
anything that was new yeah she has some
receipts in the form of these you know
these tapes butter than that I mean
there's nothing surprising and there's
nothing that we need to you know try to
make legitimate because we already know
it's legitimate part of the reason I
want to talk about the tweets is because
look at what Trump admits so he starts
with wacky Omarosa got fired three times
on The Apprentice then why did you hire
to work at the White House I mean what
an admission of failure on his own part
right here's a person who couldn't hold
a job in your stupid reality show and by
the way you schmuck she was the great
drama creator on the show she was the
one no one could trust she was the she
was the bad guy you didn't hire anyone
else from those shows you hired the
worst person from those shows and now
you're gonna be surprised as she's wacky
no you hired her to be wacky you moron
there's another tweet here as to why he
liked her which is even more maddening
but I want to point out two more things
in that first tweet
he said she was vicious but not smart to
parts of that this is now what the third
or fourth african-american in a row that
he's called not smart Maxine Waters Don
Lemon LeBron James
Omarosa I don't think he knows he's
doing it it's just his reflex it's all
those stereotypes Puerto Ricans they
didn't even help themselves they were
lazy right Jews in it when he got
together with Republican Jewish business
men he said uh-uh this room knows how to
renegotiate it's like reflexive all the
stereotypes in this yeah any time it's
an african-american not smart are you
kidding like you low IQ look at the
goddamn mirror you moron okay and who's
the schmuck who hired her you you want
sorry about low IQ and then look but
something that nobody else is pointing
at she was vicious but not smart because
in his mind vicious is good yeah that's
right vicious is a positive attribute
but surprisingly she was not smart
because most vicious people in his mind
are smart that's the smart thing to do
is to be vicious to other human beings
you betray yourself you don't need armor
oh so you don't need the tapes we have
your own statements all right so I want
to go to the recording that she just
released and this feature is an
interaction she had with Trump over the
phone following John Kelly firing her
leaving what happened general Kelly
general Kelly came to me and said that
you guys wanted me to leave damn it I
don't love you leaving at all so it
appears that he didn't know what was
going on but she admits that it's likely
he knew and just wanted to keep his
hands clean well either way if you're a
Trump fan how does that play out for you
your two options are
he's a bumbling fool has no idea what's
happening inside his own White House or
he's a pathological liar who comes and
goes and a coward who doesn't want to
say yeah i authorized firing you instead
he goes all goddamnit oh I I didn't love
you leaving so sad so pathetic what a
so which one is it is he the pathetic
coward who can't say it to her face and
lies about it or the guy who has no idea
what's going on right underneath his
house and this is not like he's owning a
small business anymore
he's running our government and he
doesn't know what's going on either one
of those answers is not a great answer
I'm curious what the right-wing alright
Trump supporters who throw around words
like Huck and beta mail have to say
about that interaction right because
that wasn't strength that was beta
behavior 101 yeah okay no more Omarosa
charges and I did real quick it
dismissed some of these so she says that
Trump ate a piece of paper in front of
her because her theory was that it was a
very sensitive information that Michael
Kohn was in the room Michael Kohn comes
and goes that didn't happen and Michael
Cohen at this point is no friend of
Donald Trump it's a weird story I hope
what I don't believe it I don't and I
don't care
so I dismissed that she says that Donald
Trump used racial slurs all the time on
the apprentice there's that rumors been
going around forever nobody's ever
produced the tapes
I'll tell you why I don't care because I
know Donald Trump's a racist his actions
show me he's a racist I don't need a
tape of hims using the n-word it did
that doesn't further prove it for me
when he said the Central Park five who
were innocent five young minority male
in New York who were accused of rape
spent so much time in jail turns out
they had the wrong guy absolutely proven
the other guy confesses DNA matches etc
they come out Donald Trump says that
they probably did something anyway they
shouldn't they shouldn't be let out of
prison he's a racist through and through
what Obama's not a real citizen every
african-american is low IQ please I
don't need to hear him say the n-word
for me to know how racist he is so I
don't find that stuff that she has
interesting and by the way she did sign
an NDA and confidentially agreements
unsurprisingly she violated them because
she's a snake okay and she's not alone
you mean she's got plenty of smarts
right she knows how to grab the media's
attention and she does it over and over
again for the benefit of only one person
herself and why that's why Trump hired
her because that's who he is
he looks at Omarosa and thinks that's my
kind of person that's right okay which
leads me to one more quote of Donald
Trump one more tweak okay
he said when generally as to why he kept
a Moroso on given her lack of ethics her
incompetence she didn't even show up to
some meetings etc he said when Jennifer
Kelly came on board he told me she was a
loser and nothing but problems I told
him to try to working it out if possible
because she only said great things about
me and great is capitalized well I think
now hold on guys
you got bosses right think about what
kind of a loser boss does that oh I know
she's incompetent and I know she's
terrible at her job and he explains she
didn't even show up a lot of the times
but she says great things about me oh
that's pathetic absolutely pathetic
that's your big alpha male so sad two
easy ways to follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
