and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more well
sometimes unions are frustrating because
they have not done a great job of
fighting to get money out of politics
and I talked about it on the show
sometimes they're fantastic as they
fight for their workers and they get
them better wages better pensions better
hours so we are honest about the ups and
the downs well I got good news for you
because there's a union now doing
something fantastic that we could all
get behind so Reuters explains the labor
union representing American teachers on
Friday urged pension funds to cut their
exposure to investment firms that have
funneled millions of dollars into
private prisons saying the companies are
getting rich on the US government's
practice of separating migrant families
now that is true and that is plenty
enough reason to make sure that none of
your the money that you invest goes into
supporting private prisons including
your pension funds no matter what
pension you are part of but you don't
even need that private prisons are Anna
nassima to America they imprison people
and take away their liberty and their
freedom for a profit they then give
money to politicians and tell them to
write laws to imprison more fellow
Americans right or wrong you think they
care if you're guilty or not it's a
private prison they're the profit-making
business if if they had a CEO who said
no no no I don't care about profits
let's make sure that even if it means
that we go out of business that we have
justice in this country and have less
people go to prison that CEO would be
fired immediately because he would be
not doing as fiduciaries possibility no
there is centralized to create more
prisoners that's us that's not a foreign
country they're imprisoning us let alone
the migrants that are coming in so the
good news continues in this case the
American Federation of Teachers that's
the unit in this story which influenced
over 1 trillion dollars in public
teacher pension plans published a report
identifying more than two dozen firms
that bet on jail operators core civic
incorporated GE ou Group Incorporated
and defense contractor General Dynamics
Corporation which has contracts with
migrant shelters it sent the report to
patients around the country warning such
investments could be hazardous General
Dynamics says no no no you misunderstand
us
we don't imprison migrant kids well you
must be so proud
you only imprison migrants or other
people for profit while you're starting
other Wars
that's the trillion dollar pension fund
that is the real power of the unions
they should use that a lot more that's
the only thing that people care about
and look if you read the big short by
Michael Lewis or have talked to so many
people that work in finance they
consider unfortunately the pensions to
be the suckers at the table at the end
if things collapse again guess who's
gonna get hurt the most
the average American worker they're
gonna take so much out of those patients
go well there was nothing we could do
the market crashed hey we all got our
bonuses we all got our money out
everybody's still rich
except you guys you lost your pensions
I'm telling you ahead of time that's
what's gonna happen so for all the
unions with those trillion dollar
pension funds use your leverage god
bless the American Federation of
Teachers in this case a wonderful thing
to do we should end all private prisons
in this country
hashtag End private prisons there's no
excuse for them it's like having private
cops oh no no that I'm sure they'll do
the right thing and defend the poor
anyway not just the people who are
paying them who are the rich who would
be so foolish as to believe that private
fire departments that would be insane
private prisons is equally if not more
insane less than saying here on an
overall trend and this is a totally
positive story which is rare in this day
and age but look at this great trend
several prominent pension funds
including the California State Teachers
Retirement System and the Chicago
teachers pension fund are evaluating
their invest
in private prisons last year New York
City pension funds were the first to
fully divest from the private prison
industry the report said wonderful every
pension fund should demand the divest
from private prisons which is a scourge
upon this country or incentivize to lock
up and take away people's freedom so
they can make a profit and a buck off of
it it is an outrage we should end all
private prisons in this country two easy
ways for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
