let me guess he should have complied oh
you shouldn't have resisted don't worry
about he shouldn't have put his face
into that case fists nope this is not
MMA this is a scene from Baltimore on
this past weekend where and also can be
seen landing haymakers galore on an
unarmed man this video showing a
Baltimore police officer brutally
beating a man will share far and wide
with the same questions again being
asked why is this allowed to continue
what are we doing about it
well short answer is no because the
judicial system continues to allow it
after the video went viral they also
reportedly resigned now while I and the
residents of Baltimore are most likely
pleased to know this man is no longer
patrolling the streets his resignation
does nothing to tackle the root of the
problem and instead actually allows this
form of policing to pass as normality
because when you think about it you do
this on the street are you able to walk
away with your hands up oh my bad got a
little out of hand I'm sorry no harm no
foul I'll just resign or are you
prosecuting all the resignation does is
send a message that while the Baltimore
police officer was there stirred by this
video he wasn't so disturbed by it to
file the officer on the spot and pursue
justice for the man on the receiving end
of the beating now let me approach this
from the other side the side that also
wants to protect police officers because
yes we care about both here doesn't
allowing this to go unprosecuted also
make life more dangerous for other
police officers who actually want to
abide by the rules of their job because
people will watch this and fear the
police as many people especially people
of color already do and until action is
taken to address the root of the problem
police reform many Americans are left to
feel the possibility that this actually
may happen to them you know I try to
approach these issues with a level of
rationality and take into consideration
everything that may have provoked this
officer into such barbarity and all I
land on is lack of training there are
countless fallen police officers who
have commented on this video expressing
how they would have handled it
differently so why is it that time and
time again police sources in America go
from zero to brutality in the blink of
an eye especially when in January 2017
Baltimore and the US Justice Department
agreed to enter a consent decree deal
that
to institute reforms to the city's
broken Police Department the agreement
arose out of a federal report that found
widespread racial discrimination against
black residents in the department's
policing but yet here we are another
example where an officer is allowed to
step away from controversy and if
history is any guide will most likely
find another policing job as a result
listen there's no such thing as tenure
in policing if you want NFL players to
stop kneeling how about holding some
officers accountable and we can start
from there instead of throwing a hissy
fit and boycotting a game make sure to
download the TYT app to watch more
breakdown videos there
