in short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm / app to find out more
Jimmie's Demi's writes in I love jenk
has $10,000 for Ted Cruz but not to redo
his bathroom so that's no way I'm gonna
use Young Turks money because of post
games in the post
we talked about how I don't want to redo
my bathroom although Anna wants to
redesign my whole house okay I have some
good news really quickly one of our
members has asked me to design your
bathroom remodel anyway look this is how
we're all Young Turks together okay
Anna will redesign your bathroom yeah so
that was in a post game watch all the
post games by being a member tu I t.com
/ join two easy ways to follow young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
