you're about to watch what we call an
extended clip of The Young Turks and the
realities is somewhere in the middle
it's a little longer than our YouTube
clips but it's actually shorter than the
whole two-hour show which you can get if
you're a member you can get an ad-free
and make sure you catch every news story
we do that day you're gonna love it as a
full show that's a TYT Network comm
slash join thanks for watching
drop it
all right fuck power battle for you guys
Katie hoppers bag a do it alright I'm
Jake you go Francesco Fiorentina hey
John I'd roll uh two Italian names one
fun the other one a little clunky yeah
but she's a guy so we're still gonna be
nice to her oh okay all right
Cortez just rolls off your tongue every
single time I struggle with that it is
long I but as we were just talking about
our fear I can't complain I named myself
prometheus is fairly long as well to say
the least
let alone you go rolling all the time
especially the original version okay so
his situation I have challenged Ted Cruz
to a debate offer $10,000 not kidding he
responded so at the top of the next hour
I will respond to his response
okay so that'll be fun for everybody we
will share the tweets back and forth for
you guys and then I'll tell you you know
basically how will structure it etc if
he responded so apparently considering
it well sort of debate Bernie I guess ya
know can I see your question yes what so
when you when you initially tweeted
asked the oh requesting at one with him
why did you choose Ted Cruz so that it
would be easy face mask because what if
he coughed up one of those chunks
remember figure all that out alright so
we'll talk about it for real in the top
of the next hour okay so we got a hell
of a show for you guys unfortunately lot
of stories about race and right wing get
ready to cry but you're the ones who
brought it up Laura Ingraham and we'll
talk about in the second hour talking
about demographic changes okay but
there's a plenty to talk about in terms
of the alright in their views on race in
this hour we're gonna get to a little
bit but I love the first story and how
how much the Koch brothers keep
accidentally helping us on the left are
the best they're the best spokespeople
for the left on intentionally yeah
apparently so
and definitely unintentionally but we
will take it alright welcome to wholly
progressives let's do it yeah let's do
it apparently I've heard through Q
actually that the Koch brothers are
secretly letting us know working behind
the scene office well actually if you're
dead Stalinist you would be massively
correct originally there they made their
fortune Fred Koch their father made
their fortune by working with Stalin not
I didn't know this yeah not
metaphorically not symbolic yes he was
literally a Stalinist he worked for
Stalin he said later he regretted it and
that's why he went really right-wing he
didn't give the money back though that's
the interesting part yeah give it back
there man II also was a Nazi book dark
money Jane Mayer nanny was a Nazi and
when they're fair and balanced yeah so
why don't we see what they've been up to
lately as Jenk alluded to lately the
Koch brothers just can't stop making the
case for the left a couple weeks ago as
we reported the son they funded a study
of Medicare for all the likely costs of
it what would actually cost to do and
obviously they went into that with a
particular goal in mind but
unfortunately it turned out that they
discovered that you know it looked like
it would actually save trillions of
dollars over our current system while at
the same time providing better health
care to more people and now we come to
this week where they're just covering
all the rest of the ground basically
they have this new group that they set
up I believe less than a year ago called
in pursuit of which is mildly
threatening yeah entirely know what
that's about but they polled America
mericans about a number of different
issues and going into it obviously the
Koch brothers are hoping to show that
Americans are you know like saunch
capitalists and you know they they
support certain libertarian principles
to give an idea of one example of that
one of the things the survey found was
that eighty six percent of Americans
said the right to personal property is
key to a free and just society which
you asked a question that more people
are just going to answer yes to that
really thinking about it
that means virtually nothing no it means
that 14% of America might be communist
so its 14% of Americans that are either
opposed to or not sure that we should
have personal property that is
interesting I'm not sure I agree but
okay I didn't know that the country had
that big a percentage of super left-wing
idea anyway that's basically that's one
of the very top level sort of like
libertarian capitalist things that they
were pulling about but they also pulled
about a lot of particular policies as
well and that's where they might not
have gotten exactly the result that they
wanted I guess to their credit they
still release the information as they
did with their medicare-for-all study a
couple of weeks ago so let's talk about
some of the other findings from this
coke funded study the poll found that
66% of Americans would find quote
government paid college tuition as
either a very effective or somewhat
effective solution to social barriers
and fully half of all Americans said it
would be very effective
oops so I'm waiting for the Associated
Press to write a story about no they
didn't yeah hey so when the Koch
brothers had this study about Medicare
for all and it turns out they like it
cost thirty two point six trillion
dollars which is actually less than what
health care costs today in fact
according to that own study their own
study if Medicare paid the doctors and
the hospitals what they pay now so yeah
I actually did Medicare we would save
two trillion dollars The Associated
Press had to go do damage control for
the Koch brothers by saying well but
Bernie Sanders putting that out it's
it's not fair not fair how and then they
had to do a fact check after we send
them videos showing how wrong they were
in the fact check said yeah that's what
the study says but we still don't like
Bernie Sanders so I can't wait for the
Associated Press to fact-check this and
go even though two thirds the country
says they would like government-funded
public education we're gonna pretend
they said otherwise so see the press you
you're up people like private property
remember that
go back to the private property stuff
I think the Koch brothers are just doing
this to like make sure they're not in
touch with the American people they're
just like oh cool running things got it
like let's keep moving the opposite way
of where everyone says we should be
going yeah it may be maybe they were
like are we sure are the wrong side of
things yeah all right what else are they
on the wrong side okay well here's the
big one you might have heard of this in
a number of different primary elections
and a cycle that we're in a $15 minimum
wage was almost as popular with 35%
saying it would be a very effective
solution 30% saying it would be a
somewhat effective solution so again a
big chunk higher than a majority of the
country saying not just the minimum wage
or a good minimum wage but a $15 an hour
minimum wage wait but isn't that
something like only straight white
Bernie bros like and like no one else
likes that and to support stuff like
that you have to be a misogynist racist
homophobe yeah yes Lee but it turns out
65 percent of the country are apparently
Bernie bros so do people want higher
wages of course they do the fact that
that surprising is amazing but people in
Washington in New York and the power
centers have convinced themselves enough
people do not want higher wages the Koch
brothers are right Koch brothers by the
way actually not only fight against
higher wages and higher minimum wage all
across the country they lobby against it
they spend money to do it probably just
paid less money if they just paid higher
minimum wage than spending all that
money a lot right actually of course
they've done the math I mean it's not
but but but not only that the at times
have argued there should be no minimum
wage at all okay so this is exactly
counter to their things but they do this
study and they're like damn it you go
get it the American people are totally
opposed to our philosophy but that's
that's actually kind of that gets into
why I think it's at least somewhat
surprising because of the power of
propaganda in this country and how right
workers have been beaten down after
decade after decade after decade we had
the head of Missouri's afl-cio on the
damage before this morning to talk about
proposition a being take him down and
and he talked about this campaign that's
been ongoing for a half century or so
since workers that unions are their
enemies and the thing is so the Koch
brothers they everything you said about
them is true but a lot of Republican
politicians say the exact same thing
they advocate for lower or no minimum
wage Donald Trump twice in debate said
that wages are too high and these
politicians keep getting reelected
didn't seem to hurt Donald Trump I
didn't see in a lot of ads or anything
like that
and so I would not be surprised if more
people had bought into some of the
propaganda about minimum wage I mean I
think two things one the numbers on this
like are --them nice generous right like
I mean they're they're trying to do
everything they can to make sure this is
as small as possible and and to it's
still breaking through it's still you
see the majority of people do support
some universal health care minimum wage
yes assistance with attending college an
affordable college tuition like and
despite all the propaganda despite all
this the state policy network which is
like an anti-union union-busting despite
alec all the money that is you know the
American Legislative Exchange Council
that funnels legislation to all
different states to rollback workers
rights that the Koch brothers financed
despite all that this is peeking through
crap which means like I want another
study like I want like we said we should
cross study this cuz I bet the numbers
are even more staggering
I actually am thankful to the coast that
they did this study because there this
doesn't it's not in congruence with any
other poll that's ever been done
Medicare for all polls incredibly well
so do all these positions including $15
minimum wage etcetera but but the
mainstream media doesn't pay attention
to those polls they immediately ignore
them this might actually get their
attention because they're like oh these
are our friends the Koch brothers that
funded this and it and besides that
beyond beyond just you know tweaking the
mainstream media but it is a little bit
of dog man bites dog right so they're
like oh wow that's a Koch study and they
might but it shows the coke so wrong so
that might get their attention the
reality is these are massively popular
positions in every single poll but yet
when you turn on cable news you hear the
exact opposite as if it's true and so
there is a little bit
truth in the whole you know the fact
that the the mainstream media is not
representative of the American and I
will say that having worked in in news
and a lot of friends who are journalists
that they go out of their way when they
see a study that is positive in terms of
medicare-for-all that pull and positive
in terms of minimum wage and they go out
of their way to find the opposite so you
won't go and you'll get your Heritage
Foundation study you'll go and all these
only right-wing think tanks in order to
sort of create some sort of balance the
cover is blown
I mean it's 2018 and people I mean were
more unequal than we were during the
Roaring Twenties right before the you
know the Great Depression and it's like
can we stop pretending that there's any
kind of balance if there's a wall we
gotta get our right wing studies in no
stop it
like yeah but that's an assault on the
truth in favor of neutrality right and
so the fatality yeah no no it's real
neutrality but it's not objectivity
right neutrality is seventy percent of
Americans think the wall street should
be regulated that's that is I'm sorry
that's objective lead this poll shows
and almost every poll shows in this case
is sixty nine percent of Americans say
they want Wall Street to be tightly
regulated neutrality says some want Wall
Street to be regulated as some don't
wait a minute you're calling it even
when it's not it's seven two three call
it what it actually is but they do go
out of their way to do that because
they're coward by Republicans who
constantly attacked them so they help
right-wing framing by pretending things
they're neutral when they are not the
American people are not unclear so
seventy percent of them say god damnit
regulate Wall Street seventy what is
percent of them according to this coke
funded study and again almost every poll
say we want guaranteed child care you
say that on cable news I guarantee you
you will be attacked there's all radical
so how we're gonna afford it it's not
practical that seems like a radical
position are seventy percent of America
is radical can I ask you a question do
you think that these kinds of polls
matter
I mean sure they matter to people like
us who care and you know
believing that democracy should
ultimately work but like when it comes
to I mean do we have to make the
economic argument which I know we have
up the Koch brothers sponsored other
data that showed that it was more
affordable to have Medicare for all than
the current system we had like a moral
framing and then there's a pragmatic
framing but I think why this is so
useful is that it shows that when people
try to hide behind pragmatism and
pretend the cokes don't do this but I
mean liberals do this all the time they
pretend it's not that we're opposed to
single-payer medicare-for-all $15
minimum wage it's just that they're not
viable
they're not doable because America isn't
ready yet good luck passing that and you
know anywhere outside of the coast and
now we know that that's not true right I
mean you can't support that it does have
support and it's not a radical idea and
so when people say the opposite we know
that they are actually ideologically
committed to stopping something like
single-payer or they're uninformed yeah
by the way can we just mention because
we've talked around this just a little
bit but inside of this study as well I'm
sort of burying the lede I guess 55%
said a government-run health care system
would be very or somewhat effective
policy response so an 92% said that they
are having problems with the cost of
health care which is unsurprising what a
focus on that a little bit but look at
the framing to Francesca's point earlier
government-run health care is a way of
framing it so you get a negative
response instead of Medicare which
popular medicare for all okay so they
frame it in what they think is gonna get
the most negative response is still yeah
give me government-run health care
government guaranteeing child care
whatever mean government-funded public
education the answer is yes how many
times do I have to say yes and when you
do say yes again here's what they will
say on cable news well I mean of course
the American if they caught and they are
faced with actual facts they cannot deny
although they almost never get caught
because they almost never let
progressives on air so they're never
caught in a situation where they are
confronted by the fact that they are
basically look I don't think that
they're doing it with intended or with
malice but they are in essence lying to
the American people when they say that
people don't want it when they clearly
clearly do want
you shove the pole in their face on the
air which again it almost never happens
so if you do do that they go well I mean
yeah they might want it but they don't
really know how much you're cause wait a
minute though you never said that about
the wars and you never said that about
the tax cuts did you Sarah Lee say that
about the current health care system
yeah right that's the other issue right
so there's this which you brought up
Francesca which is regardless kind of
this Poland we all know and Nicasio
Cortez brought this up the other day to
Chris Cuomo which is that we all know no
one ever asks people where they're gonna
find the money to fund a war no one's
gonna ever ask people where they're
gonna find the money to offer the rich a
tax cut it's only when there are things
that actually help most people yeah that
weren't supposed to scratch our heads
and scramble and figure out where we're
gonna find the money for it could you
imagine after 9/11 and I mean in that
case it's incredibly egregious because
we had the war with the wrong country
but if when the Republicans said hey we
need to go to war because of 9/11 and
the at a bare minimum what the reporter
should have said is well Iraq didn't
attack us though but they didn't even
say that but getting beyond like could
you imagine if they said well you say
the American people want war but does
they know how much it costs that's not
very practical man could you imagine
they would never dare say that but what
is something that helps your family they
said immediately it's almost as if they
have an establishment bias hmm a war
that is still not over by the way the
one that was started after 9/11 I also
um I think that I think that what
bothers me about this also is that the
left is always called ideological right
and that I think that was sort of the
takeaway from this week's election was
that when sort of progressive insurgents
did not win it was like well we see that
Democrats are not motivated by ideology
it's like I'm sorry one of all this
which are part of the planks of these
progressive Dems
what of this is ideological there's
nothing ideological there's not a fringe
or radical about it it's fairly
mainstream and when people on the Left
progressives insurgent socialists
whatever the people who run the gamut
when they win it's a fluke when they
lose it's because their ideas just
aren't popular so the framing as though
is very convenient yeah the press is a
massive massive establishment bias yeah
so I mean to
guess what guys Jade don't admit so if
you don't is that they're like but I'm
not establishment okay thanks for
clearing that up
self-identifying establishment so to
Francesca's point when a somebody on the
Left argues for position they go oh
that's so ideological as if it's like an
insult right whereas if a constructor
does they're like that's principled see
he's fighting on principle whereas the
left is just being ideological hence not
acting right so and I want to just say I
I'm now interviewed I think hundreds of
candidates across the country and
unravelled headquarters another show
that we have and what they say is
overwhelmingly the three issues that
everyone is bringing up by the way
Democrat Republican or independent is
one is Healthcare's killing us we're in
constant stress over am I gonna have
insurance am I gotta be able to pay for
it am I going to get bankrupt etc there
is healthcare is destroying our health
okay this the state like people in what
again on TV have no idea how bad it is
right now in the country you knock on
people so that's the first thing they
say secondly is wages wages for God's
sake wages third thing which is actually
a little bit surprising to me not
college for all which I advocate for but
student loan debt crushing it's an
albatross around the neck of the whole
country so these are the issues that
actual Americans care about and how
often are they talked about on
television almost never and if you dare
do it they call you a radical go knock
on any Americans or and see if they're a
radical look at any polling see if
they're radical who's the radical one if
seventy percent of America's are on our
side I'm only seeing where Sanders at in
a speech I think in New York at Cooper
Union he's like it's not the good news
is it's not like we're a bunch of
radicals out in the mountaintops
you know like on the vanguard it's like
you know these are popular ideas they're
populist before some great moment and I
think it's disrespectful sometimes when
mainstream media and establishment
basically cuz you hear this like well
Americans don't really care about issues
right they're just more gut oriented
that is right and then if you ask them
one issue that they care about they
don't even know it's just whether they
support the president not that is so
utterly disrespectful to like Americans
who know
what they're facing and know what
they're struggling with and I think it's
a total BS lie to say that if you ask
Americans before elections what they
care about that they don't know that
it's just well I don't know I like I I
had a sandwich for lunch like no they
know I think you're right got sandwich
okay so lastly guys we use the TYT army
to ask Associated Press about their
incredibly inaccurate story on the and
the medicare-for-all issue and they seem
to have responded cuz they literally set
in the fact-check a popular video being
sent around and you guys sent it around
hundreds of times to those AP reporters
so this morning we asked the TYT army to
send my video blasting their fact check
so let's do it again
toi t.com slash army to become i you
know i did on a lark kind of a couple of
weeks ago 1994 people have signed up for
the army okay so and and we're gonna
keep pounding this stuff there's more on
the show about you know the the
mythology of the right wing that the
rest of the press buys into about caring
about deficits is it illegal immigrants
or legal immigrants that republicans say
well laura ingraham confessed so we'll
talk about that as well and thank you
guys for all the members make everything
possible so tea y-t-dot-com slice join
now we got to take a quick break when we
come back we find out what the alt-right
really thinks they didn't a study they
answered and the answers are both
unsurprising to us to some degree but
still it is a level of shocking so we'll
talk about that when we return thanks
for listening to this podcast you're
only halfway through so hold hold stay
right here just want to remind you if
you want to get all five segments of the
young turks commercial free these are
just two of them every day we do it so
go to TYT Network comm slash join and
you get the whole five segments two
hours ad free do it now
all right back on a young turks read a
couple comments here let's go to Twitter
first quell visitor says hey John and
Francesca on the same panel wonderful
power panel goes well with my giant
Friday steak okay alright so I guess you
guys the steak and we're the chopped
liver killed buzzer sounds like a name
out of usual suspects right yeah rings
or something yeah also a Francesca was
on the damage report this morning she
obviously is Italian has it an Italian
by us okay that's all that's all alright
now one more comment this one's from
YouTube super chat and thank you in a
couple of different ways cuz Stephen Lou
Grayson I saw a comment on Alexander
across our core test video that said
what do you go watch your fat Brown
Buffalo so here I am I also decided to
upgrade my tyg membership have sent in
ten dollars instead of five hash tag
trolls feet T YT as I've said many times
you're not coming for us we're coming
for you so you know you go you go spread
that stuff and all it does is make us
bigger and bigger and thank you guys and
if you can if you can do the ten dollar
membership that is fantastic it makes a
giant difference T y-t-dot-com /join
yeah I don't know what that comments
supposed to be like why don't you go
watch him he probably will probably like
it's not even an attack okay well I
guess trolls have to start somewhere
let's start into some more organized
trolls American white supremacists have
got a little bit of an image problem and
now just with the khakis it's you know
with the racism and the tiki torches and
the murdering protesters and all of that
and apparently it has taken a while but
some of them their leadership are
starting to recognize the problem that
they're having and selling themselves to
the American people and so online
conversations have been going on about
what American white supremacist should
do what they shouldn't do especially
with this weekend's you
the right to protests going on
personally I never like sequels anyone's
gonna be even worse than the first I
don't think the Emperor's gonna strike
back against them because I think the
Empire supports the if they alright in
this case but let's turn to what some of
the most high-profile white supremacist
of the country are advising other
racists on first we have Andrew Anglin
who runs the daily stormer which I swear
I've heard five times that of money and
shutting down but it keeps on going he
said and this is one of my favorite
quotes of the entire year we cannot win
a battle on the streets we cannot win a
protest movement organizational battle
we are currently winning a culture war
and we're long before the and this is
his words kike media tricked us into
Charlottesville just give an idea of who
he is a sick person that's who he is as
a person
he's also a little bit detached because
he says we need to remain in the realm
of the hip cool sexy fun we need to
speak to the culture we do not want the
image of being a bunch of weird losers
who march around like a holes completely
outnumbered and get mocked by the entire
planet that is exactly what you do not
want and basically that is what the alt
right has become synonymous with post
Charlottesville's
that is the most accurate self analysis
of a member of a movement I'm I like the
way he wants their movement to basically
be named after like the TLC like the
Third Reich have that image problem like
they need to be cool that is amazing he
thinks we can't lose it we can't lose
the cool right after the K word media
tricked us I'm a new I'm let you can use
the clink you can use K I give you okay
tricked us into organizing and murdering
a counter protester that was a fabulous
trick that they willingly did I mean I
personally like I really like trolling
the right I will literally die to
accomplish that
how did is your worldview if you believe
that that is why the murder happened
yeah awesome man
I don't these guys like supposed to be
all alpha and butch and everything like
man up you're saying you were tricked
into doing this I mean I would say the
world with that gender binary but they
do so just because yeah yeah yeah so one
you got your guys are right about all
these things I mean I the idea of these
Nazis trying to look sexy and hip it's
okay and then the whole idea we got
tricked into it so we if they just keep
tricking you into everything are you
really the superior race okay and then
but to me that my favorite part is is
really the the essence of it which I
think you guys are all getting out which
is yeah that you are dorks and you you
are low so and so it shows will reveal
that it will you didn't get tricked into
it you showed up that's all you did you
showed up and this is a new angle and
say don't show up otherwise they'll find
out who we are we're just a bunch of
dorks a bunch of losers bunch of losers
that are so pathetic that we have to
blame other people for our problems and
be victims and cry and go oh my god it's
not my fault that I'm a loser so choose
who are so superior to us and control
everything well if you why aren't you
controlling everything I thought you
were the Alpha it turns out you're not
much of an alpha at all right I wish
that like Donald Trump had that kind of
humility to be like hey base stay home
just you know stay home cuz you're
embarrassing me yeah if only I feel like
Anglin has a little bit more humility at
the same time I also feel like this is a
little bit of an attempt to wash your
hands before whatever might go down
tomorrow when this unites the right to
rally is going to take place but I do
remember he had another statement a
manifesto of course before the first
rally which was it basically said Katie
what you were saying that like they were
so emo it was like a guru doll song they
were just like we feel emasculated we
have problems with women we like we need
therapy guys like we need to you know
put down
whatever what are they reading I don't
even know puts down the 4chan no nothing
you can put it I don't know anything
like mine comes and get outside talk to
people so you brought up the victim
mentality so I want to read a couple
more of their quotes because we also
have some psychological research and
they all right that is just fascinating
so let's turn now to write realist where
I go for all of my white supremacists
news right realist said nobody in the
public is going to step up to defend KKK
Nazi white supremacist our goal should
be a positive mainstream movement which
champions racial ethnic and cultural
preservation and advocacy for all
peoples good luck with that
and since this is a Western movement it
will primarily focus on whites who are
uniquely denied the right to guard their
survival and advocate their interests as
much as I loved watching the
Charlottesville warm-up rally the image
of an angry torch bearing White's
chanting racist slogans is not what we
are looking for I love that they
constantly talk about how they're not
allowed to survive they're not allowed
to protect themselves I've heard stories
about maybe an Argentine our Chile
there's two people left you speak a
certain language there's only two and
they don't talk maybe you've heard about
this they're less concerned about their
survival than the whites of America
which I've walked around people that
look like me are everywhere and they are
just deathly afraid that it could just
be gone any second no fragile yeah but
this that goes to the very very
corporate in two ways one is what is the
overall grievous overall grievances we
used to rule over yeah and it's so
annoying this whole equality thing I
don't want equality of opportunity I
don't want you to have the same
opportunity that I have and so it's not
that anyone's making White's inferior
this has there ever been a law proposal
United States of America to make whites
have less rights than anyone else never
top dog the quality feels like
oppression when you're used to
dominating everyone else that's exactly
then it feels like a demotion when
you're living in equal society that's
right there's they're saying it feels
like you're taking something away from
me but what what is it that retain away
the ability to oppress other banquo and
be above the mid cetera yes well we're
not saying that minorities should have
unfair advantages we're just saying even
playfield
I mean that's
who the American Dream the quality of
opportunity so I know that they lie and
they say oh we you guys want equality of
results it's just not true okay and so
now the second part of it is that what
that guy is getting to which is guys
remember the subtle way to do this the
right way to do this is to not chant
the things we actually believe because
he says in the piece the judge is quoted
I loved it I loved seeing the blood and
soil chant that's the one he was
referring to a warm-up rally where they
had the tiki torches and you were
chanting literal not see chance they're
scaring people with our hatred right and
he's like the better way to do it is to
be to fight for the same exact things
but do it more subtly so that two things
happen one is that we don't seem like
extremists even though we are extremists
and secondly we give people permission
to join us yeah so the fantasized
version that's right because there are a
lot of people are Trump voters who
actually believe the same things not not
that hey but the Nazis are good but it
sucks that we're losing our privilege
race is is losing out and I think again
it's two things one it completely puts
the you of no concept of American
history whatsoever right so it's like we
were born yesterday literally and over
this morning I woke up and I was born
and suddenly someone told me about white
privilege and I felt hurt and my
feelings but I have no concept of I
don't know Native American genocide
slavery Jim Crow laws patriarchy women
couldn't vote you know like I don't
actually live in this this country with
a history that it has and I think that
you were speaking that in terms of like
it feels like oppression to them and I
think culturally it's like homie go play
Ultimate Frisbee dude go play Magic
cards I don't know there's tons of
culture for you just because you might
you've heard that maybe
Vaughn might one day could not be white
yeah and like you don't like the show
blackish that doesn't mean that you're
irrelevant you're very relevant trust me
you're relevant just don't wear the the
khaki
khakis you guys look like you're gonna
get fall into the gap ad accept right
you've never allowed to leave that room
I think that also you know one of the
issues is that do not seize the United
States defeated the Nazis we fought
against the Nazis in World War two so
there's a bit of a conflict it
conflicted ideology people don't know
how to grapple with those two things so
even that's why I think people like
don't do the Nazi thing it's not a good
look we may have their ideas but we know
that like we went to war against them
and we're kind of proud of that and
official history says they're the bad
guys so let's just take their ideas and
make them more palatable and not look
like thugs I think one of the people use
that word
I mean it's you're like kinder gentler
white supremacy
I really really quickly like the idea of
freedom also is really crazy I think
that they feel like freedom is finite
right that like this all works like
money if their freedom is a finite
amount and then it disappears and
there's no more for anybody it's like
Cheerios like no man that's not how
freedom works that's equality and
freedom are endless that's the goal of
this like a zero-sum game
yes it's not a zero-sum game and by
there's another thing that we went to
war against that they also are in favor
of the Confederacy right and by the way
Confederate flags will be allowed at
this right but know what but they don't
want other ones right they said that
they didn't want you can have American
and Confederate but I guess they don't
want to hasta cos yeah um it would be
funny to look at the other ones that
they were good some like like America
Samoa like there were a lot of requests
for that yeah okay let's turn to
something related so what do rather all
right really think about different
groups in America I think you have a
basic idea but it is very interesting to
see it sort of quantified and especially
now we have some psychological research
about how self-identified members of the
alt-right rank different groups so you
might think well they hate everybody and
that is largely the case everybody who's
not white but they do have some
preferences and I think that they're
very interesting so we've got the
results of a new study by professors
that
University of Alabama if you can bring
up graphic 10 you're gonna see a really
interesting new way to get to the core
of what people think about different
groups you're gonna see a little picture
with some bars and the basic idea is
that the people again this is you have a
control group or not all right and then
you have members who say that they're
all right and they have this little
thing here where they're supposed to
grab those sliders for each one so for
instance for Swedes how evolved do you
think this group is and the more to the
right you put them the more evolved do
you think that they are and they get
this for a whole ton of different groups
and individuals and here is how again
self-described
members of the alt-right ended up
ranking different groups they rated
Muslims at a 55 point 4 out of 100 bear
in mind Democrats at 60 black people at
65 roughly Mexicans slightly higher
journalists are even lower there down
below Democrats are 58 percent Jews 73
feminists at 57 so to give you an idea
this I would not have expected this they
actually prefer African Americans to
journalists they prefer Jews - feminists
actually by a significant chunk which is
really interesting I'm a FEMINIST
journalist I'm a FEMINIST Jewish
journalist so I don't know I'm free I'm
actually hanging in there because they
have Turks right we we are right
underneath black people but above
Democrats that were between blacks and
Democrats yeah so shout out to these
racists for knowing that Arabs and
Muslims aren't the same I mean I'm sure
they didn't come up with the category
and don't ask them for more specifics
about that but I just gotta say two more
things though about the racial
categories because I'm so deeply amused
by them I guess which nation scored
fairly well the Russians they were
fairly white on that standard yeah
but above the Russians and above even
Christians and certainly women is sweet
now how's that for ironic because the
Swedish are quite socialist so it isn't
about ideology it isn't
politics the Swedes are about as
socialist as you get but they're also
about as white as you well that's why
the Suites aren't at a hundred you know
you could get to 150 I've got the
socialism now I want to give you a point
of comparison for the alt-right you've
got those numbers for all those
different groups white people were
scored at ninety one point eight percent
so even they don't think that US whites
are fully evolved necessarily before
higher than others and the comparison
group these are people that are not
members of the alt-right they score all
groups in the 80s or 90s on average so
the OLT writers were nearly a full
standard deviation more extreme than
others and really fast before commentary
I have just two other I've two
individuals that I think are really
interesting so Donald Trump was actually
put on there he's it an 82 in evolution
by the way which means extremely
involved but not as much as other white
people in general which is really it's
lower than that and do you know I think
the lowest score any person or group got
Hillary Clinton actually at 54 no my
favorite is Hillary Clinton came in last
right up below Muslims right she's worse
than us less evolved I thought she would
be seen by them as kind of like too
evolved you know what I mean like a
feminist like a lizard or something or
like something unnatural I didn't think
that they would categorize her as kind
of like a prehistoric figure he is no
but she's on I guess she's unnatural but
I see them as the way that they see her
is almost like no she on like an evil
super Cobra she's the race Chupacabra
she does she doesn't really exist and
she just exists in their imagination
this whole thing is BS if you responded
to this you are this like least evolved
state I'm sorry this is this is you
because it can imagine you saw the
people who weren't so-called in there
alright and they were all like I don't
know eighty or ninety for all of them
why are you asking me about Hillary
Clinton I think then all rights like
okay yeah I know it's Doug the one goes
there uh-huh like Chuck government
employees oh I know
government employees Stephanie person by
the way yeah Trump is 69 that's a
hilarious yeah by the way the correct
answer even the the regular people who
answered it obviously too low the
correct answer is a hundred for each
category if they ask me this funny
abilities is a trick question they're
all Homo sapiens hundred I hope you
don't get Amazon gift card from for
answering this or like I did didn't they
I think they picked the study on Amazon
you know what Larry's if they put homo
sapien on the list the scientists know
this but it doesn't even mean anything
to say how evolved is something it's not
like some day if we work really hard
we're gonna hit evolved Ram it's an
ongoing process that the people
responding this probably don't believe
it anyway
so yeah wait isn't anything a myth why
are they even they should protest us
questionnaire it's like based on the
fallacy of evolution there's definitely
like some really smart like Christian
conservatives like yeah so the on
average - alright dehumanize their
opponents to the same degree and this is
disturbing on two levels that average
Americans dehumanize Isis so it's scary
that the alt-right views the rest of us
like Isis but it's also scary that we
dehumanize anyone right so now look Isis
is terrorist group and they do terrible
terrible things and you know you want to
defeat them that makes all the sense in
the world so do we right but we do have
a tendency to dehumanize all of our
opponents and so what would make more
sense is figuring out their rationale so
that you could defeat them in a more
both more efficiently and thoroughly and
starting to humanize any human being
goes down a dark dark path which makes
it easier and easier to bomb people near
rise it is partially because we now
what's interesting is that you have
these alt writers who embrace their
dehumanization they don't have a problem
saying how devolved someone is and as I
said in this article you know some
psychologists are worried that there's
the affective kind of self-censorship
who's gonna say I view this person that
is this dehumanized with a human eyes
but the real issue one of the issues is
that of course there's all this
propaganda that's used to justify our
invading or bombing or droning other
countries we do have a dehumanized view
of brown people in other countries and
that means that that of course creates
kind of fodder for Isis recruitment they
see that and then that is what turns a
lot of them making a big generalization
but at least some of them that
radicalizes people when they see they
don't Studies on this not this study but
they've done Studies on how your empathy
they've like measured empathy and it
lowers its lowered when you think that
someone isn't playing fair like they've
literally had people play a chess game
against each other then they've send the
people into different rooms they like
fake torture one and if the person
thinks that that other person played the
chess game fairly their empathy goes off
if they played if they do the same thing
with someone who they think she did
their empathy doesn't go off as much so
it's kind of yeah can I also just say
that I mean again I said it was stupid
and I just want to double down on that
because I think generally as a
progressive who obviously believes that
racism is real and systemic racism is
absolutely real but also someone who's
mixed race and someone who is like very
much like I don't want you to put me in
like one category the other like let's
try to on the one hand like like abolish
racism as well as like understand that
people are fluid and race as a construct
for sure and that the rate of us
identify and that race is identified and
like buying into a lot of these like
categories of like you're either this or
that you're you know it's like let's
let's walk that a little bit back
although I'm so glad we're doing this
story yeah so so let me design a study
just right yeah so let me have design
studies not this one let me address two
more things one is they asked people I
think there are good reasons do you
agree with the statement I think there
are good reasons to have organizations
that look out for the interests of
whites and the federal government now
the
what this is showing is that today
people are coming out and saying yes to
that in record severity innocence right
not in just the numbers but the degree
to which they agree with that statement
and the researcher said he had never
seen a disparity that large between the
average American saying generally no and
and these alt-right guys who are
massively saying yes yes we have to have
a lookout for whites okay and so and I
think what that goes to show is fairly
clear is that they have gotten
permission to come out of the client
that's right and and so in the past the
study the researchers also said this
they had to put the questions more
subtly to try to get at racial
undertones now they don't have to do
that they just asked them they go yeah
yeah yeah well white people are better
and you should look out for white people
and other races are less of um like whoa
this is not what we're used to maybe
they might have thought it before but
they would have been afraid to say it
now they are not afraid to say yep gee I
wonder what the difference there's one
thing if I could just raise one one
slight objection I have to the analysis
of the study this comes up a lot which
is that it says all traders aren't
particularly socially isolated or
worried about the economy this is the ye
olde economic anxiety issue and he says
also important all traders in the sample
aren't all that concerned about the
economy the survey used a comment said a
few question that asked about the
current state of the economy and about
whether participants feel like they're
going to improve things are going to
prove for them here both groups report
about the same levels of confidence in
the economy so I think that people often
get this issue wrong which is that a big
way that economic anxiety works is that
people don't say I'm struggling and I'm
hurting financially and economically
ergo I'm going to scapegoat other people
that's kind of the point of it right
like it's not I don't think it should be
a hot take most historians say that one
of the reasons the Holocaust happened
was because of the economics economic
situation environment right that that
makes people that much more susceptible
so I think that there's really people
are very interested in an error
that more Eliza's racism and I'm not
giving anyone a get-out-of-jail-free
card but I do think that the idea that
people don't discuss economic anxiety
means that none of this is grounded in
economic anxiety or I should say none of
this is exacerbated by it is sure unwise
I totally agree and you could tell and
actually another part of the in the
study where they say that they are
worried that they are being displaced by
the number of immigrants and outsiders
and that these see themselves as
potential victims so that doesn't
necessarily mean economically displaced
yeah I mean governmentally politically
culturally I hear you and I think that
what we're getting to the same thing
with different words loss of status
power and and maybe they don't say it as
money and wages etc but they feel
displaced they that they've lost some
sort of privilege or dignity to put it
kindly or in status and that is partly
financial but orally also partly a
matter of power and so but that is what
they feel and that is what they are
reacting to which doesn't mean we're
catering to them by saying this so then
often time when you make that points
people like stop gating to racism
Erasers we're not doing that we're
trying to be honest about what makes
these things worse and what makes people
that much more susceptible to narratives
of scapegoating and I think that like as
someone who wants to abolish racism or
is a Jew who's there's no real and
Semitism today but I anyway
yes historically as someone whose people
worked you know thanks in large part to
economic anxiety killed off a lot I
think that's important to talk about
this while at the same time of course
not accepting the racism but we have to
look at what we can do besides just
saying check your white privilege it
doesn't work it's also our weakness for
progresses we're empathetic oh we're
supposed to understand but look look I
want to understand Isis as I explained
earlier I also know that's right I also
want to understand the Hall right right
I want to be able to figure out how to
combat that and get people to go on a
different direction and finally the the
thing that they cared most about and
what they responded to most was
authoritarianism and I found them to be
interesting they asked
you know they looked for what they call
the dark triad whether they're basically
Psychopaths narcissistic Machiavelli and
etc and they were they were but only but
I love this the Dutch right right but
only somewhat higher levels than average
what really ranks super high was
deference to authority figures strong
leaders etc and that is I mean that's
the this is the extreme right wing but
it is a right wing frame of mind overall
on that end of the spectrum of bow your
head yeah so there's this weird dynamic
of I want to be superior but I'm afraid
that Jews rule is alled and I don't know
how you are superior right that's part
of and anti-semitism is a huge part of
this right and then the second thing is
I want to be superior but I want to make
sure there's a strong leader I can bow
down to its there is anti-semitism it
doesn't exist as it used to exist so
people don't think I'm being a total
self-loathing Jew or idiot or something
some of the highest levels now and it is
making a comeback yeah and and that's
that's what we have to look out for here
okay all right we got to take a break
guys we'll be right back
thanks for watching what I hope was a
lovely edition of The Young Turks now
you know that that is two of the five
segments that we do because that's free
we want to have you support independent
media and can watch the whole show that
we do every day that's five segments
overall no ads at all
that's at TYT Network comm /join come
become a member
thanks for watching either way
