earlier Betsy DeVos was the victim of
vandalism she is the owner of ten yachts
and one of those yachts was in a lake
docked at a lake in Ohio and someone had
essentially untied that yacht allowing
it to float away yeah and that's what
yachts do they float away so there's the
Seaquest it is a luxury yacht worth 40
million dollars and so look it you
should never vandalize anyone's property
regardless so we are not in favor of
that I want to make that abundantly
clear the yacht did suffer damage about
$10,000 in damages and so as far as we
know so far there hasn't been a suspect
arrested for this but it did
luckily begin an investigation by great
reporters like David Sirota
who looked into the sea quest to see why
it was flying a flag for the Cayman
Islands which indicates that this yacht
is registered with the Cayman Islands so
what does that mean what kind of taxes
and regulations is Betsy DeVos able to
skirt by having this massive yacht
registered with the Cayman Islands well
I'll give you the details on what David
Sirota found so let's go to graphic 51
maritime attorney suggests it is a
scheme that allows wealthy Americans to
main foreign status and glean the
lucrative benefits offered by offshore
tax havens so for instance registering a
yacht in a locale like the Caymans under
what has come to be known as the flag of
convenience allows those American yacht
owners to effectively characterize
themselves as foreigners for tax
purposes thereby avoiding the obligation
of paying the standard levies so that
was to be expected as soon as you find
out that it's registered with the Cayman
Islands then of course you know being
able to avoid taxes is is the number one
thing that comes to mind this is what
rich people do but there's more okay so
first minor point in
than a major point about how I guess
Betsy DeVos by definition is on American
I don't know why she's the defense as
education secretary when she'd rather
fly some other country's flag that
sounds on American as you can get the
very typical of conservatives to be on
American but small point here I just
wanna give a context on the as Anna put
the floating yeah it wouldn't it have
floated away so if you're feeling bad
for her
first of all just you know one should do
it I'm now repeating that well might
even say it one more time okay it's a
forty million dollar yacht it had ten
thousand dollars worth of damage so if
you do the math on it if you had a
$40,000 car that would be the equivalent
of ten dollars of damage on your forty
thousand dollar car
now luckily she has nine other yachts so
I don't know how she's gonna recover but
I bring you that context not because hey
it's no big deal - somebody did property
damage no right but it's because
conservatives in the media made a huge
deal out of us and they were like oh no
but you know no one ever talks about the
damage that's done to the property of
everyday average Americans right like my
life is my property I was about to fall
from my stool Don all fired up right so
Betsy DeVos goes out of her way to look
out for her for-profit college executive
cronies knowing that they screwed over
and defrauded American students okay
they are now stuck with debt that was
supposed to be forgiven it was supposed
to be forgiven they are now stuck with
that debt because Betsy DeVos refuses to
forgive that debt these are students who
were defrauded
by for-profit colleges no no tears no
crying for them but conservatives are so
disingenuous whenever they make
themselves out to be victims like oh my
god my forty million dollar yacht has
been damaged ten thousand dollars in
damages what about the hundreds of
thousands of damaged dollars and damages
that students have to deal with because
Betsy DeVos is incompetent
who should not be the head of the
Education Department no don't feel sorry
for her don't vandalize people's
property that's wrong and it's criminal
but with that said I'm not shedding it's
here for her no no their
disproportionate reaction is hilarious
so we're going to be disproportionate
back in a second
they're like this could a conservative
commentator was like this could be the
beginning of communism what are you
looking at how comical they sound right
they're like now if people are
unattached are yachts from the docks and
we only have nine docks available at us
at one time and our tenth yacht has to
have $10 worth of damage right or you
know the equivalent of ten as I just
explained right like how will we keep
the Communists that bag I think come on
come on I mean have an overreaction no I
have a really good suggestion right
you're worried about you know violence
in America vandalism in America your
precious yacht since it's registered
with the cayman islands go ahead and
dock it there why is it why is it in
ohio in a lake in ohio why is that
better yet why don't you move to the
cayman islands if you don't like America
you don't want to fly its flag get out
yeah please that was go get why do you
be the education sector cayman islands
mm-hmm because you're flying their flag
you're supposed to be our education
you're supposed to be making America
great again not making the Cayman
Islands great again you you're so
embarrassed of this country you won't
fly our flag you fraud
okay so let's give you more details and
then I'm actually going to unleash
because I'm just getting started
so according to one maritime attorney
who spoke to David Sirota
he said the following if you want to
come in and use waters of a given state
of the United States the question is how
can you insulate yourself from getting
hit for the use tax
the answer is close and register
offshore
if you close and register offshore you
aren't subject to either a sales or a
use tax you are simply visiting the
United States even though you know boats
are just docked here permanently and you
are visiting under a privilege that is
granted to certain countries
the world under what is called a
cruising permit those countries grant
the privilege to us flagged vessels and
the United States offers that reciprocal
right to vessels flagged by those
countries so essentially it's a giant
loophole that was specifically created
for the super-rich like Betsy DeVos
right she gets to essentially use our
waters and and skirt any regulation or
any tax associated with that because she
registers her yachts with the Cayman
Islands so let's talk about how she's
robbing people in America and let me be
clear about that and I'll give you the
math behind it as well okay so there are
a number of advantages in registering
the Cayman Islands and I told you about
some of them and but there are others as
well you don't have to pay your workers
as much hmm because you're not subject
to US law because apparently Betsy DeVos
when she's on her yacht is what a
citizen of the Cayman Islands so she
she's technically visiting here in
America she's our education secretary
she flies in other countries flag and
follows their laws not our laws second
thing they she gets to do other than pay
her workers less money is if they get
hurt on the job there's no regulation so
she's gonna throw them overboard and be
like oh yeah sorry you're not gonna get
any of the normal protections you would
get under American law because she's a
traitor who's under Cayman Islands law
leave take your yacht get on your yacht
okay and go to the Cayman Islands if
that's where you want to live if you
live here you have to abide by our laws
I know you hate our laws because you're
on American you hate our justice system
you hit our education system that's why
you're trying to dismantle it as we
speak I know you're a robber baron your
whole family's a robber baron so let's
talk about the robbery
so okay you want to avoid the regulation
you are crush your workers and you want
to cost that money okay but let's talk
about the use of state tax that I Ana
referred to on state tax alone for that
forty million dollar yacht she would
have paid 2.4 million dollars in taxes
now the right wing will go your glutes
you cheated
yeah that's it uh-huh take the money and
run but she's cheating the taxpayers of
Ohio in that case they have to pay if
you live in Ohio you gotta pay your
taxes
remember when you register something in
the Cayman Islands that's right you
don't because you need fancy accountants
and fancy lawyers to be able to do those
loopholes so that you don't have to pay
your fair share we're not asking you to
pay extra we're asking you to pay the
taxes everyone else in the state pays
let's instead she robbed you of 2.4
million dollars and that they're crying
about the ten thousand miles and damage
but how about you guys
she picked your pocket for 2.4 million
dollars while pretending to be a citizen
of the Cayman Islands yep okay she's
flying their flag in this country we fly
our flag because we're Americans
but people like Betsy DeVos think
America is a punch line they don't
believe in freedom they don't believe in
equality of opportunity they don't
believe in the American dream and as
education secretary that's supposed to
be her number one job to give every kid
in this country and every American and
an opportunity for that opportunity for
that American dream instead she flies
off to the Cayman Islands registers her
yachts there flies their flag so she can
rob you and by the way rob the police
departments in that state because that's
essentially what the use tax is utilized
for it's utilized to help fund police
departments hardworking Americans who
you know provide a public service in
that state I mean come on there this is
making America great again she doesn't
care about making America great
Trump doesn't care about it this entire
administration is so corrupt these are
the exact people that were supposed to
be fighting against and it's just sad
that things have gotten even worse
all right so by the way the other thing
that it founds is public schools which
she's supposed to be in charge of but
she doesn't want to pay her taxes for
the public schools but I'm going over
the top since she didn't pay her taxes
and taxes pay for cops I don't know why
they brought her yacht back I don't know
why anybody's got to pay damage we were
we Betsy DeVos I hope you're not gonna
use the American justice system to try
to get
the Sator for that $10,000 of damaged or
try to find the culprit who did it
cops you should stop working on that
case immediately she didn't pay for your
wages we paid for your wages hey if cops
in the Cayman Islands want to get on the
case
welcome to Ohio come welcome okay look
we'll be fair you know I know that she
you liked her in the Cayman Islands and
and you want to protect her vessels than
her yachts from there so we'll cooperate
with the cops from the Cayman Islands
but no cop in Ohio or any other American
state should work on this case because
that's not an American boat she didn't
pay American taxes she doesn't pay get
American wages she doesn't care about
America at all go figure it out with the
Cayman Islands that should no one should
be arrested or prosecuted for that case
I would be happy to do that if she was
an American that flew an American flag
and paid American taxes exactly two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
