normally the post games as you all
members know we do some conversations
about our private life and and I usually
let's talk about woodworking he thinks
that's a dirty thing I don't know I
never thought of it as a dirty thing
until he started making it out to be a
dirty thing what why would it be
dirtiest but I don't know very good at
woodworking I'm just keeping it real
with you guys instead of work
I always said anything okay so we have
fun of the post games but all you
members know that anyway but from time
to time there's a couple stories that we
love that we want to bring you extra for
you members so if you happen to be
watching this and you're not a member
T y-t-dot-com slash join to become a
member and get all of these extra things
by becoming a member of T YT Tahoma
progressives so Anna take it away for
the sort of first story okay all right
so this is an unfortunate story to
follow that no all right we'll bring it
back bring it all right brock Turner was
a Stanford University student who was
caught sexually assaulting a drunk
unconscious woman behind a dumpster and
he was caught by two graduate students
who had to chase him after he got caught
and then tried to escape now he stood
trial and the story became a national
headline because the judge who sentenced
him only sentenced him to six months and
that six months was then later shortened
to three months because he was let out
on good behavior
now Brock Turner and his attorney
decided to appeal the conviction he was
convicted and the appeal was laughable
and luckily the three-judge panel
involved making the decision over
whether or not to overturn this
conviction made the right decision so
this three-judge panel at San Jose's
sixth District Court of Appeal ruled
that there was substantial evidence that
the former Stanford student received a
fair trial the decision means that brock
turner will now be registered as a sex
fender for life yeah look when I first
saw this story I thought it was just so
outrageous that they were even appealing
you only got three months in the county
jail go back into hiding man what do you
you don't pressing your luck for why do
you want to get back into the news and
then let alone is absurd defense which
we're gonna get to in a second
just go away go back into the cave right
but to be fair I get at least their
motivation behind it because then he's a
sex offender for life now when you're
attempting to rape someone that's kind
of the bucket you wind up in right so
but of course he doesn't want to be in
that category and hence the appeal
otherwise trying to appeal your
three-month sentence would be adding
terrible insult to terrible injury
exactly now so when they appealed this
conviction what was the defense what did
the attorney for Brock Turner argue well
Turner's lawyer argued at a hearing
appeal that Turner did not intend to
rape his victim as evidenced by the fact
that he was fully clothed during the
incident
he described Turner's actions as
outercourse
yeah when the gun on that door yeah I
mean come on so I'm gonna give you a
statement from one of the judges in just
a minute but I want to skip ahead to
graphic 75 just to tell you what he was
convicted of now there's an interesting
strange you know I don't know so we know
what rape is rape is penetrating someone
with without consent so he wasn't
convicted of rape but here's hear his
convictions Turner was found guilty of
sexual penetration of an intoxicated
person sexual penetration of an
unconscious person and assault with
intent to rape like I don't know what
the distinction is maybe there's
something I'm missing I'm not a legal
expert but with that said penetrating
someone while they're unconscious and
without their consent is rape so anyway
yeah and that is what we colloquially
called rape obviously and and I my guess
is that that there was other forms of
penetration and but so since there was
and that was already adjudicated and
settled you it you're you
defense of Iowa was just outercourse we
already we went through this I know
that's the whole point of it appeals to
you to try to overturn it but you have
to come with new evidence or a decent
argument but saying well look we were
definitely sexually assaulting her you
know or my client was and and there was
some sort of penetration but he had his
pants on yet he intended about a great
defense and it didn't work in trial and
there's no reason why it would work on
appeal it was just I it's incredible
because I don't know about his finances
it appears he comes from a well-to-do
family yeah and usually when you come
from a well-to-do family you get to take
advantage of the two-tier justice system
and you get to hire the best attorneys
that will fight for you I don't know why
they hired this attorney because that is
not a good defense so but you never know
but with rich folks sometimes anything
works remember that affluenza defense
that was a literal defense the guy said
he has a disease of being too rich it
that he can't understand the
consequences of his actions that guy his
negligence while drunk driving with the
deaths of people for example and he got
off four people are dead and he got off
on an affluenza defense so these guys
are like I don't know we're rich were
white we're going to Stanford were
filled with privilege maybe if we do
some absurd defense on outercourse
that'll somehow work right now unlikely
to work for a number of reasons here but
I think that the voters had already sent
a pretty clear message because Aaron
peski Persky their original judge in the
case was removed from office in a recall
recall campaign which had not happened
in California in 86 years so coming with
weaksauce appeal to judges who are on
notice that people are watching this
it's not likely to work and it didn't
work
the judge was like I don't even
understand the case you're making what
are you saying I absolutely don't
understand that literally you are
talking about this is what one of the
judges said intent is rarely proved by
direct evidence
you can't surgically remove things and
look at them separately by the way the
last two things here that witnesses
described him as violently
thrusting but fully clothed so it's very
apparent what was going on and and thank
God those two guys came when they did
yes because you know he had his pants on
for now right until they caught him and
Nana made a great point earlier when she
referenced that he ran so if you weren't
doing anything wrong
and she was conscious and everybody and
everything was consensual why did you
run if you were in the middle of making
out with somebody and two guys came by
and tried to break it up you like what
are you guys doing and she would say
what are you guys doing right instead
immediately you bolted and by the way
lie to the police later thereby giving a
sense that it was not consensual
outercourse
as your lawyers try and just spin it now
exactly so luckily it didn't work so he
still already served the tiny-tiny
sentence but he will now be on that sex
offender list two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
