a new tape has come out featuring Devon
Nunez at a fundraising event for
representative cathy McMorris Rogers now
Devon Nunez has been a vocal supporter
of Donald Trump he continues to you know
spread this narrative that this Russia
investigation is nonsense it's a
witch-hunt against Donald Trump in his
administration and what he essentially
talks about in this recording which was
recorded by a progressive organization
that actually paid to be at that
fundraiser sheds a little light into
what he really thinks about this
investigation and why he thinks it's
incredibly important for Republicans to
main to maintain control of Congress
moving forward so to give you some
context before we go to these tapes and
by the way Rachel Maddow is the person
who obtained them and broke this story
yesterday in private at a closed-door
fundraiser for a Republican colleague
Nunez took the new step of tying the
investigation to the midterm elections
this fall in comments captured in this
audio recording he laid out in stark
terms the rationale for preserving the
GOP majority in Congress so with that
said let's take a listen to the first
portion of the tape and here's where he
really emphasizes the importance of
maintaining power in Congress
okay so couple things that we get out of
that first of all when he says we have
to keep the majority there's nothing
wrong with that it's a fundraiser for a
fellow Republican and of course the
Republicans want to keep the majority
that makes sense when he says this is
we're in a catch-22 he apparently does
not understand what the phrase catch-22
means catch-22 is you're basically in a
tight spot either way in this case no
you're just saying we're in a tough spot
not either way anyway it's a minor thing
but in other nunez imb√©cile comment that
any struggles with the english language
okay but that's like his friend Donald
Trump obviously the relevant part is if
sessions won't recuse himself and Muller
won't clear Trump then we're the only
ones who could stop it wait
if Muller doesn't clear him that means
he's guilty that he did that the special
counsel thought he broke the law and is
guilty and you're saying here don't
worry we'll stop it not by the way not
even we'll look at what Muller said and
what the evidence that he presents and
then do our constitutional duty which
might be to then fight him because we
don't agree right yeah it was no we're
not gonna look at that evidence our job
is to make sure we support Trump no
matter what the evidence is and if he
broke the Lord didn't break the law so
make sure that you put us back in charge
so that we can make sure basically Trump
is above the law well thank you for the
clarity so for me and and it's it's
subtle but it's also noticeable that
sound clip that we just had you guys
listen to is the first time where you
hear him in a private meeting
essentially a private fundraiser
admitting that you know the only line of
defense that Trump has is Republican
lawmakers who are willing to
things under the rug and protect him
regardless of what he's done right so in
public it's a witch hunt in private no
no we need to maintain power in Congress
because we're the only ones that can
protect the president and and one part
that no one's emphasizing because it
mainstream media just generally doesn't
like to talk about donors because it
makes it uncomfortable to talk about the
corruption but he at the end says then
all of this goes away and he's saying
that to the donors implicit in that is
all the goodies we got you including the
giant tax cuts mm-hmm that goes away if
Trump goes away so who cares if he broke
the law or not okay you don't want those
tax cuts and everything else to go away
so make sure you support us as a last
line of defense
if Trump did break love because by the
way Trump didn't break the law than you
know how many issue at all right his
comments matter only if Trump did break
the law in which case Nunez and his
buddies he tells his donors will protect
Trump who gave you all those tax cuts so
that's how corruption works exactly I
like that you pointed that out and then
in this next clip it really drives home
the point that Nunez believes that what
Trump has done is illegal because he is
going to give these donors a
hypothetical of what would be considered
criminal behavior or criminal activity
and he essentially outlines a
hypothetical that is very similar to
what the Trump campaign is accused of
doing take a listen
okay so it's not my interpretation that
his hypothetical is incredibly similar
to what the Trump campaign is accused of
doing it is everyone's perspective so
I'll give you an example this is
according to Think Progress is
photographic 37 the hypothetical Nunez
outlined resembles key aspects key
aspects of what we know about the Trump
campaigns interactions with the Kremlin
in the months leading up to the 2016
election so let me explain the same day
that Trump publicly urged Russia if
you're listening to find the 30,000
emails that are missing the indictment
revealed several Russian government
hackers began trying to access the email
accounts of staffers in Clinton's
private office the indictment further
described how the Russians delivered the
hacked emails to WikiLeaks and by the
way there was also the development that
prompted the Australian diplomat to come
forward and that development was George
papadopolis telling the Australian
diplomat
hey yo the Russians have dirt on Hillary
Clinton were communicating with them
right and so the Australian diplomat
went to the authorities and told them
this is what's going on this is the kind
of communication that the Trump campaign
has with the Russians look I don't in
the grand scheme of things what I find
to be way more important is the
financial dealings that Trump might have
with the Russians right money laundering
working with oligarchs you know possible
you know blackmail that these oligarchs
could have dangling over Trump's head as
he's supposed to be representing the
American people that for me is far more
important collusion
is an issue is a problem I do think the
Democrats are focusing way too much on
it as an excuse for why they lost but at
the same time
Trump is freaking out he can't stop
tweeting about how innocent he is and I
think that his latest tweets which I'm
not even gonna get into are a direct
reaction to these tapes being released
yes so the only possible difference
between the scenario that newness laid
out in Trump's is he said if cathy
mcmorris rodgers took the information
from the portuguese and then released it
now it's possible that the Trump
administrator campaign never took thee a
stolen emails from the Russians instead
the Russians gave it to perhaps
WikiLeaks or others who then printed
them now that would be a difference and
I think that would be a substantial
difference it's one thing if the emails
go to the New York Times and they print
it it's a different thing if you give it
to the campaign and then they go thank
you and they release them because then
they have accepted a donation in an
in-kind donation and and conspired with
a foreign government so you would need
to prove that the Trump campaign members
of the Trump campaign were in
communication with the people who had
the dirt on the Hillary Clinton campaign
and that they played a role in deciding
how that would be released because
clearly if the campaign release that
releases it there is a criminal
liability there I mean I think that some
of those campaigners were dumb but
they're not that dumb hmm you never know
right
so that is why first of all you should
let the investigation go forward to see
what they come up with because none of
us really know
unlike newness we're not prejudging it
curious to see what they come up with
but the things that we do know already
is people are wondering if Roger stone
who seemed to know before WikiLeaks was
going to publish there the emails had
communication with the Trump campaign
and WikiLeaks and if there was
coordination there well then that's a
totally different story it's one thing
if WikiLeaks just publishes it I think
that they're a news organization and and
and so you know and look
there's some now questions around how
thoroughly that they're working with the
Russians etc certainly in the past
they've been a news organization and and
again I would let the investigation tell
us are they coordinating as a news
organization or is something else
etcetera but but still knowing it
indicates some level of coordination
Papadopoulos knowing that the Russians
have stolen emails before that's public
reveals some at least information and an
attempted conspiracy which is what the
Trump Tower meeting appears to be so you
can't say there's nothing there because
clearly people inside the Trump camp
know about the stolen emails before the
public does and before anyone in the
press has made them public exactly yes
and then one final part about these
tapes that I thought was fascinating
look publicly Nunez is so supportive of
Trump says nothing but complementary
things about Trump never criticizes him
in any way shape or form
however privately he made a point to
talk about how Trump's tweets make
Republicans like him cringe so it was
just interesting to hear the private
version the in front of donors at a
fundraiser version of Nunez and
juxtapose that to who new Nia Nunez is
in in the public eye so look you know
that most politicians are liars and and
it's grating on everybody's nerve
the only people who don't call them
liars or don't recognize that other
people on TV who think they're honorable
gentlemen but the only time that a
politician is telling the truth is when
he's in front of his boss that's the
donors so it would Mitt Romney in front
of the donors GM Forte in Montana while
he was running he was saying Oh
fordable Care Act I'm not sure health
care I don't have a you know have not
solidified my point of view on that
because it's actually popular to donors
and a call that was also recorded he's
like oh yeah I'm gonna kill Affordable
Care Act I'm definitely gonna vote with
Trump and definitely kill it don't worry
give me the money and I'll do exactly
what you asked me to do newness here
don't worry you guys are gonna protect
of all the things we got for you guys as
long as Trump's in power we're gonna
protect him on it no matter what
Oh
I know that Trump makes everybody cringe
who cares but no I'm gonna go on TV and
say no he's a very stable genius and
he's awesome that's the time that
they're telling the truth when they are
one of the only people they care about
their donors two easy ways to follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
