co√±o lying has an election in on
Saturday that is unusual that is the
state of Hawaii where they actually care
if you vote in fact mail-in ballots are
available in Hawaii partly because Kanye
Lange as a state legislator sponsored
that resolution and got it passed well
his election is coming up on Saturday so
here comes the Justice League
Alexandra Castillo Cortez changed her
schedule she had had attended Netroots
she came here she was on The Young Turks
she went the Netroots she was supposed
to go back home
she said no I'm gonna go help my fellow
just Democrat Kanye Lange
so tonight there is a rally in Hawaii
Acacio Cortez lands in Hawaii they go
immediately and you need to go and join
them doors open at 5:30 Hawaiian time
6:30 the event begins you must RSVP
there and you could want if you don't
live in Hawaii you could watch it on
facebook.com slash rebel HQ as always we
will be streaming all these progressive
events and we stream all of them at
facebook.com slash rebel HQ famous
Hawaiian singer Teavana is also going to
be there he is going to join them and
and I love when progressives stick up
for each other and especially a costume
Cortez who goes out of her way to make
sure she helps fellow progressives
fellow justice Democrats all these
scathing articles in Politico Associated
Press etc about the losses on Tuesday
night for progressives not mentioning
the wins right
and then they questioned her on it and
they say you know hey you know why are
you still out there and you know and
they try to basically shame her and
other progressives over what happened in
Tuesday night again if you weren't
paying attention or you watch the
mainstream media
you probably got implicitly lied to the
reality is half of the just Democrats
candidates 1/2 of our revolution
candidates 1 you don't get that
perspective at all from the press but
even so I there was a quote that I
really like from
Alexandra she said winds in the
short-term are important mile markers
and necessary to building power but you
can't be afraid of loss fear keeps
people from accomplishing great things I
love that quote because a regular
politician the last poll that was taken
Kon yella is not winning he can win you
have to go out there and vote and and we
think the volunteers can make a huge
difference go to his website volunteer
there that could make a huge difference
this rally can make a huge difference
and he has it he totally has a chance of
winning if you get involved that is
absolutely possible but a careful
politician would go well wait a minute
he's not leading he's not leading by a
lot yet so I'm not going to go risk my
career or my reputation especially with
the press yelling at me non-stop to go
help someone else that might not win
then that has some percentage chance of
winning but not a good enough percentage
chance that is how politicians act not
Acacio Cortez she said no I'm gonna go
help that fellow progressive I don't
care what you think his chances of
winning are I know that there are less
if I don't go to help him if other
progressives don't go to help them so
whatever you do go to con yella ENCOM
get involved go to this rally it's
tonight so you have plenty of time in
Hawaiian time right now obviously that
would be a xxx Pacific time but in
Hawaii it's at 5:30 attend the rally
RSVP watch it on Facebook but most
importantly volunteer and vote if you
want progressives you have to actually
show up and make sure that they win kon
yella Inge is a just Democrat no
corporate PAC money uncorrupted the rest
of the people in that race are some of
the most conservative Democrats in the
country Hawaii is a deeply progressive
state there's no reason why they
shouldn't like private prison lobbyists
yes he's up against private prison
lobbyists and the Democratic primary
that's crazy go vote for a progressive
who's actually gonna fight for you and
now Acacio Cortes coming to help him in
that fight that's the kind of unity I
love so if in wins that would be another
person in the Justice League as I been
telling you today six just Democrats one
on Tuesday so there are now 18 going
towards general election and the Justice
League Rose Justice Democrats calm /
Kanye Lange is another way that you can
get involved he needs your donations and
your volunteer time to overcome the
corporate money that his other so-called
Democrats have in in his primary so
let's go out there and fight for our own
just like Ocasio cortezes two easy ways
for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
