on this show we try really really hard
to be fair and we have a clear
perspective we never hide that we're
progressives and we have a point of view
about certain people political parties
companies etc but you cannot let that
get in the way of new developments facts
so boy do we have an interesting case of
that in the case of Rex Tillerson so I
am no fan of Rex Tillerson and I don't
know any progressive that is Rex
Tillerson was the CEO of Exxon Mobil not
only did ExxonMobil pollute the
environment contributed to climate
change in a devastating way but new
memos show that they knew about it for a
long time and covered it up
and I believe Rex Tillerson went into
the Trump administration to try to get a
deal with the Russians and ExxonMobil
back on the plate as it turned out it
didn't work as the Senate and the House
overwhelmingly voted for sanctions and
they could not get that half a trillion
dollar deal back into effect so I'm
telling you all that because not only am
I not a fan of registers and there's
good reason not to be a fan of Rex
listen now sprinkle and one more thing
his hypocrisy so ExxonMobil was is one
of the leading companies in the country
that does fracking when they were to do
fracking near Rex Tillerson house in
Texas he flipped out and was like you
know literally not in my backyard so
what happened I thought fracking was
awesome apparently not so much when it's
near your home so all the reasons not
love Rex Tillerson that being said an
interesting report out of the intercept
done by Alex Hammonds with inside
sources inside the United States
government State Department and the
White House showing that Rex Tillerson
might have been a bit of a hero in this
particular case so let me give you the
facts and then you decide for yourself
okay Emmons rights in the months that
followed
Rex versus departure and of course he
has now left the State Department and he
was fired by Trump press reports
strongly suggested that the country's
lobbying hardest for Tillerson is
removed
were Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates both of which were frustrated
by the Tilson's attempts to mediate and
end their blockade of Qatar that's very
interesting now there was some curious
situation around the departure of Rex
Tillerson and Russia now to the point
about how to listen I'm not positive as
the most honest actor in the world to
say the least as soon as the it was made
evident that Exxon Mobil did not want
that deal with Russia anymore because
they didn't think we would lift the
sanctions Tillerson was fired within a
week of that okay but to be fair to
Tillerson he disagree with trump on
Russia and was much tougher on Russia
than Trump was and some thought that
Trump might have been mad about that but
either way even though I think that he
clearly wanted that deal done he still
was honest in regards to how he dealt
with Russia on behalf of the United
States of America near the end whether
that anger Trump or not is a good and
open question but apparently Russian
interference is not the only thing we
have to worry about as this story
explains there are a lot of countries
trying to interfere with or at least our
policy making that is for sure let alone
our elections now then trying to
influence us is nothing new when every
country tries to influence us whether
they're our allies or our enemies in one
way or another but the question is do we
listen to them and why do we listen to
them so in this case Tillerson made some
enemies in the United Arab Emirates and
Senator even let's find out why they
explained furthermore the citing other
people's reporting as well one report in
The New York Times even suggested that
the UAE ambassador to Washington knew
that Tillerson would be forced out three
months before he was fired in March now
that piece of evidence is important
because it goes to show you that not
only did they want him out these foreign
countries UAE in Saudi Arabia not only
they pushed for it but apparently they
know about it before the American public
did so that shows certainly their
influence
in being able to get them fired and that
apparently at least some people in the
Trump White House can find in them more
than they can find in the American
people so that now onto the new evidence
emma's explains that the intercept has
learned of a previously unreported
episode that Stoke the UAE in Saturday
air because anger it Tillerson and that
may have played a key role in his
removal in the summer of 2017 several
months before the Gulf allies started
pushing for his ouster Tillison
intervened to stop a secret saudi-led
UAE backed plan to invade and
essentially conquer Qatar according to
one current member of the US
intelligence community and two former
State Department officials all of whom
declined to be named citing the
sensitivity of the matter Wow
so Saturday bein UAE we're going to roll
in tanks to a nearby country and just
take it that's insane
I remember the George HW Bush years you
know this the phrase new world order is
very maligned and people don't like it
but you know as he explained it Boise he
explained it it was that you cannot
attack another country that did not
attack you now his son of course
destroyed that rule part of the reason
why I was against them but this would be
an absolute obliteration of that rule
guitar didn't do anything to Saturday
being you a by the way part of the
reason they might have wanted to do it
is some religious rivalry and other is
basically the soap opera of the
different princes and sheikhs and kings
within the Gulf but the third was it's
possible they just wanted to take their
money there's a lot of natural gas in
Qatar Saudi Arabia is now starting to
run out of their money over the last
couple of years they've lost a third of
their reserves which is hundreds of
billions of dollars Qatar on the other
hand it's three hundred and twenty
billion dollars in reserves sitting
there let alone the natural gas that
they have the threader in twenty billion
is a sovereign wealth fund it is just
cash so it's possible that that was just
high stakes robbery where they would
just take a country for the
- so that is of course crazy what's even
crazier especially from our perspective
is that we have troops in American
troops inside Qatar so this plan is
mental
and so Tillerson did the right thing he
put the brakes on it so let's give you
more information here in the calls that
Tillerson made Tillison dealt
extensively with the Qatari government
as the CEO of ExxonMobil urged Saudi
King Salman then deputy Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman and foreign minister
Adel al-jubeir not to attack guitar or
otherwise as escalate hostilities the
sources told to intercept Tosun also
encouraged defense secretary Jim mattis
to call his counterparts in Saudi Arabia
to explain the dangers of such an
invasion which you would think would be
obvious but apparently was not and of
course the current crown prince in Saudi
Arabia is absolutely reckless no wonder
he and Trump get along so well
he arrests at other members of his
family basically stole their money under
the guise of corruption which is
hilarious and as Saudi Arabia now is
concerned about their cash reserves
he bought a yacht that was valued
according to some reports half a billion
dollars not half a million half a
billion dollars for just a boat okay so
that's this guy and he arrested them and
threatened a leader of Lebanon which is
unprecedented basically held him hostage
in Saudi Arabia when he was on a foreign
visit so him thinking of just simply
conquering another country is not only
not unheard of in his crazy case but
look at what they're doing there Yemen
right now Saudi Arabia's created the
worst humanitarian crisis on the planet
with their brutal bombing in blonk aid
of Yemen and these are our so-called
allies hey Trump supporters are you
proud you're proud that your guy is in
bed with Saudi Arabia and and the United
Arab Emirates and does their bidding for
them and fires the American Secretary of
State based on their request Wow Wow
I thought you were concerned that Obama
bowed to someone apparently Trump taking
orders from a sheikh in the middle of
Muslim country like Saudi Arabia UAE I
don't care that they're Muslim but you a
lot of you
Maggie guys care about Muslims it turns
out your so-called alpha male is the one
taking orders from those Muslims enjoy
more details Li dude Air Base near Doha
Qatar s capital city is the forward
headquarters of US Central Command and
home to some 10,000 American troops so
our Secretary of State says do not
invade a country where we have 10,000
troops and then he gets fired for
according to these internal sources
within the trump administration but does
that sound like we're making America
great again I don't think the hatch said
make UAE great again did they okay the
plan which was largely devised by the
Saudi and UAE crown princes and was
likely some weeks away from being
implemented involves Saudi ground troops
crossing the land border into Qatar and
with military support from the UAE
advancing roughly seventy miles towards
Doha circumventing the US air base Saudi
forces would then seize the capital that
is a terrible plan
as you can see with the war the Saturday
review is conducted in Yemen
apparently wars are not easy you think
if you just walk into a country and take
it how's that working for you in Yemen
not very well you're stuck in a mire and
in it if it had gone poorly as it almost
certainly would have in Qatar the Saudis
are generally incompetent as a
government it's a dictatorship not
really one based on merit but based on
random genetic lottery so of course and
they grew up incredibly wealthy so the
leadership is a total disaster
they have unearned confidence they've
botched it in Yemen they would have
busted a guitar and in that case our
American troops would have been stuck in
the middle thank God that Rex Tillerson
and Jim Madison whoever else was
responsible stopped that insane idea and
Tillerson gets fired for that Tillerson
is not an American hero in a thousand
other ways but if he actually prevented
this war
he saved the
ton of lives and some of them might have
been American and he saved a colossal
debacle in the middle of the volatile
Middle East now meanwhile as Tillison is
trying to calm everything down and
trying to explain to you au Saudi Arabia
that hey America stands with Qatar which
has an American base in the middle of it
the only country in the Gulf that will
allow that Trump goes out and says at
the same time the nation of Qatar
unfortunately has historically been a
funder of terrorism at a very high level
how about Saudi Arabia have they been a
funder of terrorism Saudi Arabia of
course is the home of fifteen out of the
nineteen 9/11 hijackers it's the home of
Osama bin Laden it's the home of the
people who funded the Sunni insurgency
against us in Iraq and that had our
troops killed but Donald Trump has a lot
of business deals with Saudi Arabia one
of the top fundraisers for the
Republicans Elliott Brody wanted a six
hundred million dollar contract with UAE
and he got one and he raised a lot of
money for Donald Trump let alone any
other nefarious deal that brought he and
Trump out together Jared Kushner on the
phone with the UAE all the time looking
to making business deal in New York with
the UAE before and he wasn't gonna make
one with Qatar and they backed out of it
is that punishment for this that stuff
well maybe we'll find out later but it
is absolutely evident that the Trump
family personally has a lot invested in
Saudi Arabia in the United Arab Emirates
so look and I don't want anybody to
mistake
what I'm saying I got no love for Qatar
either
I think Qatar is a huge host of problems
it's also a dictatorship the way that
they have conducted themselves and
building up for the World Cup is a
disaster so Qatar is not necessarily a
great ally of ours either but they do
have an American base and starting a war
with them would be a terrible idea
so but Trump apparently wanted to go in
that direction and his public comments
clearly indicate that he is on the side
of the Saudis in the UAE and against
Qatar and lastly pema's explains
according to one news report Tillerson
was frustrated with the White House for
undercutting him and his eight suspected
that the line in Trump's prepared Rose
remarks had been written by the UAE
ambassador use of allah kaiba a powerful
DC player who maintained quote almost
constant phone and email contact with
trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner
according to Politico the united arab
emirate is writing dumb speeches
according to that report what was that
about make America great again
I can't believe that times I've gotten
so dark that we needed Rex Tillerson to
be the cooler head and to actually care
about America and be a patriot for once
but he was apparently and so for that he
should receive a ton of credit and you
should take that in the totality of his
career with significant downsides but
that is a major upside if it is true
that he prevented a war it doesn't get
any bigger than that and of course the
totally reckless corrupt person who did
not mind that war and was frustrated
that it did not begin was President
Donald Trump two easy ways for the Young
Turks one is hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
