and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to T
y-t-dot-com slash app to find out more
the Trump administration has finally
decided to impose new sanctions on
Russia following a March chemical attack
on X spies now this chemical attack took
place in the UK and so there has there
was widespread rage over this the
European Union was angry about this and
urged the United States to impose
sanctions on Russia as a result and it
took a lot of pushing by the US Congress
to get the Trump administration to do
something and today it was announced
that they will do something Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo signed off on a
determination that Russia violated
international law by imposing or by
poisoning the former spy sergey
skripnikov costume again Trump had to be
nudged by Congress into unleashing the
penalties after blowing more than a
month past a statutory deadline so he
did not want to do it it's pretty clear
this attack happened in March Trump
didn't address it publicly didn't want
to actually impose these sanctions
because of a lot of pushing finally the
sanctions happened so I'm gonna get into
the details of what the sanctions mean
in just a minute but Jake jumpin yeah
and there was actually a specific guy
who made him do it
and it was for House Foreign Affairs
Committee Chairman Ed Royce he's also
Republican give him credit for that and
Royce said you have by Wednesday to
comply with the law and actually enforce
these sanctions otherwise there's going
to be consequences now I don't know what
the consequences would have been but
under that prescient Trump
administration not Trump himself right
but Pompeo came on
yeah okay sure yeah I mean we're gonna
probably do it
so okay fine we'll do it so look guys if
you say hey at the end of the day he did
apply these sanctions and at the end of
the day he did apply the earlier
sections to the oligarchs that was
passed overwhelmingly by Congress you
are right and so that is fair and that
should be considered okay in the context
of you know those Trump have a deal with
the Russians etc but I don't want either
side ignoring facts the other facts are
when he signed the sanctions into law
the earlier ones he said I don't like
this I don't want to sign it but it was
veto proof if he was savvy he wouldn't
have said that right cuz you're signing
in anyway schmuck don't blow it by
saying I don't want to sign it and then
he took as long as he could possibly
take before enforcing the sanctions
again pressure at that point are you
ever going to enforce the sanctions you
signed into law and begrudgingly he did
so take both of those into account
eventually all the sanctions did go into
effect including today but in each case
it was super clear that he only did it
at the very last possible moment in fact
past the last possible moment under
intense pressure from his own party now
what do these sanctions mean how will
this impact Russia so the sanctions are
structured in two tranches laid out in a
1991 law the chemical and biological
weapons and warfare Elimination Act so
an initial immediate round limits
exports and financing but may have
limited impact because it largely
overlaps with other restrictions already
in place such as on selling arms to
Russia so that's you know gonna have a
little bit of an impact not really
though the second part it has more of an
impact the biggest impact from the
initial sanctions is expected to come
from a ban on granting licenses to
explore export sensitive national
security goes to Russia
which in the past have included items
like electronic devices and components
along with tests and calibration
equipment for avionics then the second
more painful round kicks in three months
later unless Russia provides reliable
assured
says that it won't use chemical weapons
in the future and agrees to on-site
inspections by the UN and we all know
that that's highly unlikely I don't
think that Russia is going to agree to
that but who knows they might surprise
surprise us so no they won't
yeah I know you can see them I know I'm
just you know trying to be fair
needlessly fair although Trump is
largely allowing the sanctions to move
forward his administration is using
waivers to exempt a few specific
activities that would otherwise be
banned that includes spaceflight where
the US and Russia cooperate closely and
American astronauts could run into
problems absent of a waiver yes so I
think that exemption is totally fine I
would give that exemption as well so I
don't think that there's a you know
proof of anything at all I think three
months from now we might get closer to
answers because the those sanctions
three months from now are significant
they are not overlapping they would not
only downgrade diplomatic relations to
spend state airline air floats ability
to fly into the US but they would cut
off nearly all exports and imports so
that is the mother lode of sanctions so
will Trump actually do that and because
that would definitely piss off Vladimir
and so we might have our answer in three
months as to whether you know you know I
look these nothing is ever definitive
but if Trump doesn't do does actually on
time without any external pressure does
those significant sanctions well it is
some data that that he is not colluding
with the Russians actively right like
okay it is what it is right and if he
never does them because they're really
significant that's also data so we'll
find out in three months two easy ways
following Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
