the progressive revolution doesn't stop
when the live show ends join the home of
progressives and become a TYT member
today click the link below here we go
again Politico attacking Bernie Sanders
of course this time made stay beside as
they like to take turns
there's later gonna take turns
complimenting him oh right no that's
never gonna happen okay so the headline
here is Sanders 2020 question mark many
Bernie backers aren't feeling it so and
now here's a quote Bernie Sanders is a
problem as he decides whether to run in
many of his former staffers are looking
elsewhere now I was very interested in
that story because you know I support
Bernie Sanders in the primaries last
time around and I think that he's an
excellent progressive so I read it with
fervor okay what's going on oh do they
have it like it main players like its
chief strategist or etc no they found
two young guys who by the way still
support him and someone that's no longer
with the campaign okay so let me give
you the quotes they say many of them are
looking for a different progressive
champion to finish what Sanders started
many of them well I mean in the article
you quoted three people negatively but
by oh by the way a bunch of people
positively are going to get to that do
they go on to say Sanders should just
declare victory
they said content in the knowledge no no
no they didn't say you planted the whole
point of this article is for you guys to
say this okay
suggests eclair victory they said
content in the knowledge that much of
his 2016 platform has been adopted by
other ambitious Democrats considering
White House bids plus he's a white man
who would turn 80 in his first year as
president could be trying to lead a
diverse party fueled by energy of young
voters women and people of color as if
Politico gives a damn about people of
color and young people oh I know
political is like wait we've really got
to represent Millennials those are the
people that you often talk about and
ERISA Vande dismissive ways an article
after article I know you have more but I
have to jump in really quick and in
response to that very portion of what
they wrote
why did Millennials for the most part
decide to sit out this last election
which I
they hadn't but still what turned them
off so much they decided not to vote
because of what happened to Bernie
Sanders in the Democratic Party during
the Democratic primaries they were
outraged at what the DNC had done
because many of those Millennials
supported Bernie Sanders and when they
saw how the DNC undermined his potential
in the election there they were so
furious about it that they didn't want
to vote they didn't want to vote for
Hillary Clinton they certainly didn't
want to vote for Trump
so like this idea like they're totally
changing the narrative to make it seem
like oh no Millennials no interest in
Bernie Sanders laughable yeah every part
of this article is laughable so they
talked about how oh well he's too old
right oh man almost gonna be 80 in his
first a little but Joe Biden's one year
different so almost the same exact age
Elizabeth Warren who I like a lot is
almost the same age just a couple of
year difference she is yes oh okay so I
know because the media never talks about
it
they never write articles about Joe
Biden's an old white man who'd be near
80 when he took office why is that
articles like that Politico oh because
Joe Biden's mainstream okay they throw a
little bit of shade at Elizabeth Warren
cuz she's a progressive but still not
the age thing Auburn is too old
Oh progressives are saying that what
progressives are saying that no you're
saying that Politico
you called desperately around to
everybody can I find anyone anyone to do
the thing that I want to do which is
burry Bernie Sanders and why didn't you
call progressive leaders see if they're
interested in Bernie Sanders we're on
the largest online progressive show in
the world why didn't you call any of our
hosts and no because you don't want to
hear the truth why didn't you call me an
attorney who runs our revolution why
didn't she call any of those leaders oh
I didn't call the nurses union why did
you call any of those people because you
don't want the truth okay instead you
called like a twelve-year-old and you
asked what his opinion was anyway I'm
gonna get to that guy in a second - and
then they said oh this okay is a agenda
has been adopted by other ambitious
Democrats which progressive thinks oh no
that's okay Cory Booker took some parts
of Bernie Sanders campaign so now with
Cory
Booker which progressive thinks that do
you know a single progressive has any
one political had ever run into a
progressive in their lives
the idea that progresses would be like
oh no no no Cory Booker and other
establishment Democrats they got it from
here I don't know a single progressive
who thinks that and by the way we'll see
you in the battlefield Politico and you
are don't pretty like they pretend
they're neutral hilarious hilarious 18
different hatchet jobs against Bernie
Sanders and twenty twenty hasn't even
begun yet how nervous are you
we're at least honest we're progressives
we like Bernie Sanders we liked
Elizabeth Warren you guys are
establishment hacks and but you're
dishonest so I'm neutral I just having
to write another story trying to make
sure Bernie Sanders doesn't that run so
that gets the most important point well
what's the trick in this story
the trick is oh no no they want a new
younger face gay a guys no get someone
new new with no name recognition so
they'll have no chance of winning they
realize in establishments in a panic
Bernie has great name recognition great
polling and that's a huge advantage in
politics
that's the only reason Hillary Clinton
won the primers because she had through
the roof name recognition but like
progressives why don't you unilaterally
disarm pick someone that no one knows I
bet they have a chance of winning and
what will Politico do immediately
afterwards oh nobody knows that person
irrelevant irrelevant we're never gonna
cover them again I know you're used to
Morning Joe and television and cable
news who reads this stuff and applauds
it and goes oh yeah I'll political was
an interesting article we're here to
fight back against your crap okay so
your agenda is perfectly clear now the
hilarious part the guy that said well I
mean I guess other people could run to
is a Daniel dura so I don't blame him he
said was a field organizer for Sanders
in 2016 so he's the young guy and then
so they said okay so you're against
Bernie right he's like no quote if
Bernie called me to have me work on the
campaign then I'd do it wow really seems
against Bernie yeah okay then they
talked about his former chief of staff
makes it seem like she's against him
she went to work as a lobbyist I don't
love that but it is what it is but these
she against Bernie no here's her quote I
hope Bernie does run for president again
and if he does I plan to be as helpful
as possible to him wow it looks like
you've got a lot of people against
Bernie except they're all in favor of
burden and that headline it's the worst
ok I'm not done
Claire Sandberg I'll do whatever I can
if he runs as would most people I think
who backed Bernie in 2016 one more
another for a former aide there's only
one Bernie there will not be another
Bernie these are former aides you know
these are people who don't have to worry
about any type of retaliation or any
like but they still support him so I
don't understand I don't get how the
body of this piece corresponds with you
know why because when we do this video
they want to be able to say what what
you are we had the quotes in the article
and and you even read the quotes in the
article that was positive Bernie see
we're balanced and neutral no the
headline is Sanders 2020 question mark
Bernie backers aren't feeling it and the
whole beginning of the article is about
no anybody but Bernie makes sure it's
not Bernie and then at the end of the
article by the way they're all in favor
of Bernie losers total incompetent
losers you're hacks you're not
journalists and you're not even good
hacks the TYT Plus app is now available
on iOS and Android download to get more
Tea Party content at TYT dot-com / app
