this is important we now have eight he
just Democrats that have gone on from
the primaries to be the Democratic
candidate in their races well what will
the Democratic Party do because but if
you don't know there's okay first of all
you all know there's a ton of money
involved in politics and you know it
comes from all sorts of different weird
sources right but your party's supposed
to support you that's the whole point of
the party is to get more people elected
from your party Democratic Party put
some money to all the especially the
close races Republican Party law does
likewise this stuff is Elementary right
but in any normal year where they have
candidates that there are part of what
they perceived to be their team what I
would call the establishment Democrats
they would obviously come in and pour a
lot of money into these districts right
especially the ones that are really
close will they do likewise for the
Justice Democrats so I know no I really
don't know they I mean it would be they
want a majority it would be crazy for
them not to they want a majority John is
right right they need to win that's
their whole thesis that's their whole
point of existence right so now in that
18 for now is Brent I'm not counting
Brent because this race is not called
yet right Brent is it a very closed
district as an example right now if you
don't spend a lot of money in Alexandria
across here of Cortez's race that's
totally fun because that's a very blue
district she is overwhelmingly likely to
win I'm not asking for the Democratic
Party to for lack of a better word waste
money right whatever you need to do to
get to that win and not be overconfident
but yes
god bless we've got that okay but
there's lotteries especially in a
situation where there's some election of
swinging 20 points a lot of these races
are up in there now again to be fair
they only have a certain amount of money
and they've got a proportionate right to
win the maximum number of seats but a
lot of these races are in really close
to districts so will the Democratic
Party actually do what they're supposed
to do which is help Democratic
candidates win
or will they play favorites and not help
the progressives yeah so that would be
devastating for the party and we are
watching it's not like we're gonna miss
it I don't know if they which way that
leaves for them I don't know if they're
gonna be bitter and spiteful or anything
or if they're just gonna do their job
and it's kind of sad that we even have
to have conversation about whether
they're just simply going to do their
job but they should and they should help
these candidates set a1 and I know that
they didn't expect a lot of just
Democrats to win their uncorrupted they
don't take corporate PAC money and
they're very progressive but sad day for
them they did win we're not anywhere
near done with the primary season we're
not even done in the middle of tonight
but we've already got 18 just Democrats
moving on to the general election if the
Democratic Party does not support them
there is going to be an uprising a
mutiny and and one even larger than they
expected because then they would be
throwing away the chance for the
Democratic Party to win out of what
spite I don't know yeah but again don't
judge until it happens one way or
another we'll find out soon enough yeah
and you know however much we have to be
as a result of what we've seen
suspicious of the Democratic Party
worried about its motivations what it's
going to do after some or all of these
candidates go on and win we will be that
much closer to a democratic party that
we don't have to approach with that
level of suspicion or fear or hatred or
whatever and in two more years we'll do
it again and in two years after that
we'll do it again and we already know
where the momentum is we know where the
future of the Democratic Party is it's
being written
night after night at these primaries as
we've been covering them yes and don't
miss any of our election coverage always
on t y-t-dot-com slash live you know the
live show is 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every
day and then on election nights like
tonight we're always here and we care
about the primary fights that are very
important we care about the things that
progressives care about that's why we
call ourselves the home of progressives
so make sure you check it out every
election night at TYT comm slash live
