thank you for watching or listening to
this free podcast of The Young Turks we
want to make sure that you get some
portion of the show every day but if you
want the full show which is actually
five segments come become a member and
support independent media as well TYT
Network comm slice joined meanwhile
enjoy the free podcast
all right well Leo Church Genki Granicus
fairing with you on heart-pounding
Tuesday heart-pounding
yeah I don't know about you my heart's
pounding but don't put them put up put
up a dumb okay
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun so we
got huge primaries tonight maybe the
biggest of the whole season Kansas
Missouri Michigan Washington would we
have guessed a couple years ago that
those biggest primaries of 2018 know are
they yes why we got 13 justice Democrats
up tonight including fan favorite TYT
member wolfpackcruiser delegate Bryant
welder okay James Thompson is Sarah
Smith Dorothy Gasquet Abdullah Sayid for
governor of Michigan Rasheeda Talib a
cory bush in missouri and i can go on
and on and on and i will throughout the
night
but first of all it is time to panic
it's not too late yet the polls are open
everywhere grab your TYT app and get a
line if you're in one of those states
there's a special election on ohio as
well and a couple other elections out
there but make sure you go out and vote
i'm later i'm gonna bring you a shirt
that reminds you to vote I'm gonna do
everything I can to get you to vote so
tonight either a bunch of those guys win
including Brent and we go nuts and we
are on our way and we've got a caucus
okay or a tragic loss and it'll be
massively disappointing so that gets
settled tonight
but if welder wins Acacio welder Sanders
here comes justice hmm okay so lots on
the line tonight but we got a whole show
for you guys for you before that by the
way tonight's election night coverage
obviously immediately following the
Young Turks at 8:05 p.m. Eastern
and brought to you guys the and by you
guys the members TYT dot-com / joined to
become a member and support homo
progressives as we have supported
progressives who are running and finally
on tonight's coverage I would argue this
is a lucky trio I think this was a three
that were together in Michigan when
Bernie Sanders put pulled out that
20-point upset in 2016
me John I'd rola and Jimmy door so open
the door
here comes justice okay let's
tu-tu-tu-tu-tu let's hope that that's
the case all right
Casper this is she Anna's got stories in
the beginning that is going to explain
why we care so much what is the change
that we need and I don't know how many
other people are covering it credit to
the print journalist who covered it but
monumentally important stories here in
the beginning that you're not gonna see
in a lot of other places yes we come
across a lot of devastating depressing
stories so I feel like I'm almost I
don't know how to explain it like I've
built up a and emotional tolerance to it
but some of these stories enraged me so
I'm excited to be able to share them
with you guys alright Wells Fargo has
dealt with a number of scandals first
there were issues involving opening bank
accounts under their customers names
without consenting with their customers
or getting permission from their
customers there were also some issues
involving high fees related to auto
loans that were given to customers
through Wells Fargo and now there is a
new scandal that Wells Fargo is involved
in we're gonna give you the details in
just a minute but before we get to those
details in an effort to clean up its
image Wells Fargo spent a considerable
amount of money to air these ads during
the finals for the NBA so let's take a
look at that you know before we go to
okay I'm just gonna jump into say hey
look keep in mind how many people's
houses they foreclosed on and we're
gonna give you all the details after
that okay while you watch the ad think
about all the people forcibly removed
from their homes who did not deserve to
removed from their homes okay we know
the value of trust we were built on it
back when the country went west for gold
we were the ones who carried it back
east by steam by horse by an Iron Horse
over the years we built on that trust we
always found the way until we lost it
but that isn't where the story ends
it's where it starts again with a
complete recommitment to you fixing what
went wrong making things right and
ending product sales goals for branch
bankers so we can focus on your
satisfaction
we're holding ourselves accountable to
find and fix issues proactively because
earning back your trust is our greatest
priority
it's a new day at Wells Fargo but it's a
lot like our first day Wells Fargo
established 1850 to reestablish 2018
I kept thinking watching that and I
remember watching it live thinking
please and now of course a new story out
confirming what we had feared that there
ain't no new day at Wells Fargo there
certainly isn't so they talked about
fixing what went wrong holding ourselves
accountable and a recent example of
themselves holding themselves
accountable is essentially foreclosing
on people more people wrongly and then
blaming it on a computer glitch so let
me give you the details between April
2010 and October of 2015 a
malfunctioning Wells Fargo tool
miscalculated whether homeowners could
qualify for a federally backed program
to modify mortgage payments and keep
their homes
it looked to important things there
before you have more details one is it's
funny how the computer glitches are
always to the benefit of the corporation
exactly you almost never see a story out
where they go out computer glitch man we
wound up giving people homes they didn't
deserve no you're always taking away
their homes that they actually were
paying on and that and their or that
they could have gotten some benefits for
that you denied them it's always to
their benefit and they keep telling us
it's honest mistakes I'm being a wonder
if they're honest I'm not wondering that
I know that and whether they're even
mistakes or or if this is done on
purpose and if you secondarily if you're
thinking well I mean we got a new Wells
Fargo that was 2010 or 2015 in 2018 it's
totally new and fine well let's find out
a little bit later on the story if they
have addressed it in a way that would
regain your trust so as a result of this
so-called computer glitch 625 qualified
customers were denied a loan
modification causing at least 400 to
lose their homes so these are people who
would qualify for loan modifications
that would give them the ability to keep
their homes they wouldn't get foreclosed
right so they're blaming a computer
click glitch for this miscalculation
and for the error that cost some 400
foreclosures Wells Fargo is offering its
customers eight million dollars which
sounds like a lot but that only amounts
to around $20,000 per customer
assuming all four hundred were
foreclosed upon in error so number of
things here Wells Fargo is bigger in the
West and so that obviously goes this
place like la San Francisco where if
your house is foreclosed upon back in
2010 the difference that between the
housing price back then and what it is
today is gigantic twenty thousand
dollars ain't gonna cover it by a long
shot let alone the emotional trauma and
all the other things that happen but
twenty thousand dollars of course it
depends on the house but are you kidding
me overall hey let's just stop for a
second um twenty thousand dollars will
buy you a home almost nowhere in the
country and I mean that I I mean that
because it's something that I've been
looking into this is the issue that for
some reason I don't know why housing I
care a lot about it and so twenty
thousand dollars that is a joke
especially if you're someone on the west
coast who needlessly lost your home
because of this glitch in the Wells
Fargo system I mean we had Wells Fargo
says yeah look we had a computer mistake
and then we kick you out of your home
and maybe sometimes your childhood home
or home that you had been living in for
decades and now you're 74 we threw you
out in the streets we forcibly removed
you from there and and that home now the
prices have risen significantly in the
areas that I was discussing between 2010
2018 that home might be worth two
hundred thousand dollars more now and
you might have been able to stay in it
the whole time but sorry so here's
twenty thousand dollars you don't even
have a home anymore because we
foreclosed on you what the hell are you
gonna do with the twenty thousand
dollars so Elizabeth Warren has been
known for going after Wells Fargo
specifically very aggressively in fact
during some Senate hearings Elizabeth
Warren went after the executives of
Wells Fargo with an aggressive line of
questioning and I was grateful that she
did that she's doing the same thing here
so in a tweet she wrote because of an
error Wells far
go made 400 of its customers lost their
homes what's the bank doing to make it
right setting aside a few thousand
dollars for each of the people affected
pathetic the execs who oversaw this
including CEO Tim Sloane should be fired
and I agree with her 100% so when you go
to talk about the bankers and you say
well maybe they should be fired people
in Washington go wah wah Elizabeth
Warren no kid nevertheless she persisted
but hey take it easy these are our top
donors that you're talking about and
their lives would be significantly
affected its success the complete
computer glitch you know those lines
were significantly affected 400 families
who were thrown out of their homes but
we never care about the average American
whenever there's a conversation on
television or in Washington those people
as if they don't exist their pain is not
felt in the country clubs and in the
cocktail party circuit but hey they know
CEO Tim such as such I mean golly gee
Wow Tim's got a lot of kids in in
private school and what's he gonna do
without the millions upon millions upon
millions of dollars he's earned every
single year robbing people now I say
robbing they they get upset now so let's
go back to whether this mistake was
honest or nefarious and it's actually
more complicated and nuanced than that
so this mistake in particular they can
you know come up with a hundred
different excuses I'm talking about
overall why did the mistakes almost
always favor the corporations because if
they don't favor the corporation and
they're losing money on it it will be
noticed immediately and it will be
addressed immediately and with great
urgency we have lost $17 in that
division how dare they oh my god there
was a computer glitch fire someone it
costs us 17 bucks fire them get them out
of the building and fix it right now
right but if it's a mistake that helps
them and hurts you oh look at that our
our numbers were higher golly gee I
didn't catch the mistake for five years
why you were an incentive Isaac catch
the mistake when it cost you money
you're incentivized to catch it so
perhaps we should change the setups a
little bit
that if you don't catch the mistake that
you get fired
instead of rewarded maybe we take your
bonus back for all those five years you
were throwing people out of their homes
unjustly Oh co-op backs that is so
unfair people in New York and Washington
tell me how dare you even talk about my
millions of dollars that I clung it back
I'll go one step further look if you're
affecting people's liberty and their
freedom in their house and all these
other things should we at some point
consider criminal statues and you know
when they you talk about criminal
statutes
oh no oh wait a minute those jump are by
bike donor
my do I know him I know him I know his
wife I know his wife well how about the
wives and the husbands and the kids of
all the people who were thrown out of
their homes nobody gives a damn about
them and then people they wonder why
people in the country are angry so look
they'll argue that this is not there are
known afarid nefarious motives behind it
in fact a spokesperson came out
spokesperson for Wells Fargo
specifically came out and said well
these people might have had their homes
foreclosed anyway in the future anyway
oh great job oh go ahead and demonize
these people who by the way qualified
they qualified for these loan
modifications but you're gonna go ahead
and demonize them for a mistake that
Wells Fargo made remember Jake you're
right property prices have gone up
considerably since 2010 right you don't
think banks have an incentive to
foreclose on these homes come on they
love it they love these foreclosures
they love it because they go ahead that
by the way they they're foreclosing on
people who have made payments on these
homes they have received interest on
these loans and then at the end of the
day they get to foreclose take these
properties in expensive areas and then
they get to put it back on the market
sell it to investors for much more money
I mean all sorts of profits are made by
these foreclosures there are now complex
financial instruments that focus on
those foreclosed properties and they're
so there is a ton of incentives to drive
more foreclosures and if you're curious
like you might say hey well no guys wait
a minute the bank makes money if you pay
the
and that's the whole structure of the of
the business in some cases that's true
and it depends on the market is it going
up is it going down are there
derivatives attached are there not okay
but you can tell which direction they
are going towards based on their actions
so for example Steve minuchin who's a
Treasury secretary his company
foreclosed on a house of a grandma who
they said forgot to pay thirty seven
cents now instead of thing if you wanted
her to pay the loan would you take her
house away based on 37 if your financial
incentives were for her to keep the
house and paying your loans it's an
obvious honest mistake she's paid
everything else
it was another glitch no they grabbed
her home on 37 cents they just took it
why it's obvious at this moment in time
in this industry they make more money by
foreclosing on you than by having you
pay the loans right and so that was one
West Bank under Steve minuchin zwaj that
was when she was the head of that Bank
not only did they do that to that
grandmother who made a mistake and
failed to pay 37 cents in her loan
payment they also fraudulently they
committed fraud essentially in documents
to make it seem as though they had the
legal ability to foreclose on other
people's homes they had to pay fines for
that yeah so but luckily the guy who ran
that Bank is now in prison for that
fraud because you know frauds a crime oh
no right he's the Treasury secretary
under Donald Trump he got rewarded
millions upon millions of dollars in
bonuses for committing that fraud for
overseeing that fraud and then lady
Ragosa golly gee I didn't notice it I'm
incompetent I have no idea what's
happening in my institution we paid a
fine which is a fraction of the profit
we made isn't this a fun little game
where we keep on robbing you and then we
get promoted and promoted and now he
runs the whole economy basically as
Treasury secretary the criminals are in
charge there's no there's no cops on the
street they've taken the cops off and
now
the bankers run us all so this is you
know and it's so maddening when the
right-wing oversimplifies and then puts
it on a net particular ethnicity which
has nothing to do with anything they
take it in an irrational direction they
talk about stupid things like the deep
state this is what's happening in the
real world because they have a financial
incentive and they have yes in fact
rigged the rules so that the powerful
never get punished Eric Holder not just
Trump not just the Republicans Eric
Holder the Attorney General under Obama
went to Congress and said well if we put
bankers in jail that could affect the
economy so we're not going to literally
too big to jail okay so that's a get out
of jail free card so you just go rip
people off as much as you like and the
Attorney General just told you we're
never ever going to enforce the criminal
laws against you because you're too rich
and powerful but you break any kind of
in you do any infraction and you're a
regular guy but we did it in just a
series of TYT I was just rewatching one
of them guy so they claimed he sold pot
it's not even clear he did life sentence
without parole for pot okay 37-cent
omission it's not like she didn't have
the 37 cents she was trying to pay all
along they take your house you get
crushed every step of the way why cuz
they captured our government we don't
have a democracy so your representatives
don't represent you they represent who
the people who give them money it's not
a conspiracies right in the open we
allow for private financing of Elections
so the donors by our government they
rigged the rules so they get everything
and you get screwed that's the reality
of how the system got rigged and that's
why we desperately need change so when
is the Republicans or Democrats who go
around telling us no no no just little
tweaks here and there just tiny little
change but if we're back in charge and
the establishment is back in charge in
the system goes back to the way that it
was everything is gonna be fine
no it's not unless you
do fundamental change the system they're
never going to represent you you've got
to get your democracy back that's the
answer let's take a break when we come
back an incredible story involving
bankruptcy among the elderly in the
United States and Marco Rubio's
nonsensical solution to all of it what a
monster I mean you know Rubio is you'll
see in the next segment is in some ways
more monstrous than Donald Trump because
you could see Donald Trump coming from a
mile away
Rubio is the kind of monster applauded
by the mainstream media will explain
when we come back you're right in the
middle of this podcast we've got another
great segment coming up for you if you'd
like to full show which is actually five
segments go to TYT Network calm slash
join you become member you support the
show you support independent media and
you get the whole to our show ad free
every day let's go do it now all right
yeah so many comments we keep them
rolling throughout the night including
election night lots to cover here math
371 writes it on Twitter if the just
Democrats pass 300 tonight we should
celebrate if they about 500 we should
lose our minds if they bat anything
higher we should party like it's 1999
hashtag old-school reference that's
right and in political with their snide
little articles by the way they Slevin
rant about the just democrats like
alexandra krauser cortez picked by the
jets democrats she wouldn't run
otherwise what political were you at
were you that can add something to that
quickly so pod save America one of these
podcasts by former Obama officials you
know it's gotten a lot of positive
attention I gave it a shot early on and
I was like not into this because they
were very dismissive of just this new
wave of progressives and I want to give
them some credit because they have
admitted that they're wrong they
recently interviewed I know
Acacio Cortes and no but here's the
thing
it's because we're winning okay so
whether whether or not they're being
genuine that's not the point the fact of
the matter is they realize that they're
losing people with their
stablishment message and it's not
working Politico hasn't caught on yet
but the fact that former obama officials
have means that we have to keep fighting
we have to keep pushing we are winning
to on some level yeah yeah look Jimmy's
gonna be here later we can rant about
that's it
look the Pazzi of Americans of the world
they're not bad people they're really
really good people and I there's no way
I wouldn't get along with them if we
went out for a beer and I've met them
once got along fine for two minutes so
and I went on one of their podcasts done
by a person who's great etc who's been
on this show but they're just faking it
they they're playing along they're the
ones who were trying to prevent these
victories from day one yeah now to turn
around and pretend you're celebrating it
and you like okay great then are you out
there talking about bran welder right
now no you're not are you talking about
James Thomson right I know you're not
are you talking about Kanye laying right
now so I'll give you this horse crap
about like oh yeah we just realized it
and you know we're on board now no
you're not where are you are you in
Qatar are you out in favor of cory bush
she's up against an incumbent lacy clay
missouri know you're gonna be for the
incumbent cuz that's who you are so
let's just keep it real okay and they're
not here for you there it and that's why
they're celebrated in washington in
washington like people barely know the
young turks but they're like writers for
obama and they love all of us and they
they say Hillary's wonderful wonderful
right we like them so much you young
turks are rabble rousers so like how do
you feel about them though okay all
right yeah be Morita 1686 writes in if
we're going to buy into the stupid
fiction that corporations are people
shouldn't Wells Fargo be going to prison
right now
good questions there's a good point you
know what Gaby you get a t-shirt I don't
know what the new system is Dan like
help me out brother okay but anyway so
you're supposed to email son anyway here
you go okay this is one of the shirts
but right now it's not that exact shirt
that's Jake sure
not fake Gabi Morita no this would fit
almost no other humanity okay but go
vote and I love this shirt it's made by
one of you guys you are the Young Turks
I got to go through some youtube super
chests real quick bios's just got back
from voting for Abdul el Syed and David
Byrne ak get to it
David Scarlett says guys guys guys dun
dun dun dun is bond I know we've been
through this in the post games TYT
dot-com slurs join me become a member is
good he says bump bump is mission
impossible but is my favorite part PS
Ana best hair mistake ever
I know thank you nothing I know I only
know because you guys said it I was
really self-conscious about in the
beginning just three more here little
Mac after tonight the establishment
can't ignore progressives anymore let's
git-r-done gr thanks else Aida campaign
for polling with a personal text if
you're a Michigan vote crush
establishment vote al-saeed cry
establishment cry I'll say grace that
we've talked about a lot but not enough
as soon as the election night starts
coverage starts I'm gonna do two couple
of dramatic announcements right off the
top and then I want to talk about
outside because he is a true threat to
the establishment I have no idea if he's
gonna win you know I called a welder
race but I don't know if he'll say he's
gonna win and he is up against some
massive foes in Michigan and if he wins
that is a great harbinger and he's a
fantastic candidate last one Brenta corn
says rob a hundred dollars from a gas
station while threatening shoot a teller
life in prison
robbed millions of dollars through a
bank and ruin hundreds of lives
bonuses yes alright let me put up
graphic 57 here these are the 13 justice
Democrats that are up for election
tonight almost every one of them has
been on The Young Turks and rebel
headquarters and and of the twelve out
of the thirteen that I've been on we we
love them all I love them all but I want
them all to win and whatever you do
please if you're in any of these areas
go out and vote also Ohio special
election all right Anna what's next
alright a new study by the consumer
bankruptcy project indicates that a
record number of elderly individuals are
filing for bankruptcy and
many of them are doing so because of
crippling medical debt now according to
the findings of this survey the rate of
people 65 years and older filing for
bankruptcy is three times what it was in
the early 90s 1991 to be exact from
February of 2013 to November of 2016
there were three point six bankruptcy
filers per 1000 people 65 to 74 in 1991
there were 1.2 so we're gonna get into
some of the the statistics that were
shocking but I want to be clear about
something
Social Security is a government program
that Americans pay into and are entitled
to it is also a government program that
prevents elderly people from ending up
on the streets ending up homeless
according to the findings of this study
there are elderly people who are
spending about 44% of their social
security checks in paying for medical
bills ok so we have a real problem in
the country and this is an important
program that helps people that
Republicans consistently fight to cut
because they want to continue cutting
taxes for the wealthy so just be
completely aware of what's going on here
so this actually creates a article by
the New York Times and yes journalists
in this country do do wonderful work and
and sometimes that great work but you
have to celebrate it when it is good
because wise loaded up with facts and he
starts to get you ahead in the right
direction I want to give you the facts
and then I will also want to do our job
which is analysis it's written by Terry
Siegel barnardine one person she quotes
is Cheryl McLeod of Las Vegas who said
I'm 70 and I'm working for less money
than I ever did in my life but she added
this life stuff happens Cheryl it
doesn't it's not happenstance it happens
because the system was rigged against
you and I know when I say that people on
TV goes no how dare you it's our beloved
friends who built this system well your
friends built it to rob people so let me
explain how and why in this context okay
so as
the writer here points out the some of
the forces that are affecting the
tripling of bankruptcy rates for a
source for senior citizens in this
country is first of all longer waits for
Social Security benefits why because
they pass laws saying that you have to
wait longer to get your Social Security
they said we had to we had to well you
didn't have to if you didn't keep going
into wars that cost trillions of dollars
you didn't have to of you didn't give
tax cuts to the rich over and over no
you chose to it was a choice you made to
make people wait longer in which case
they don't have the money in those years
that they need it and part of the reason
why they go bankrupt 0.2 they there was
a replacement of employer-provided
pensions with 401k B's 401k saving plans
now some of that is ok and some of that
it turns out ok but sometimes it turns
out you have less in your pension
because of that another reason why you
go to have more bankruptcies overall in
the country and then there's more
out-of-pocket spending on health care
which we're gonna talk a lot about okay
and that's been an enormous factor and
why well when you even ask for a public
option let alone what the rest of the
civilized world does which is
single-payer all the politicians bought
by all the healthcare companies through
their donations and independent
expenditures said no you are not going
to help the American people I need to
make a profit and now those systems cost
twice as much as they do in places like
Canada and Japan and we get worse
service and one of the consequences is
that all of a sudden three times as many
senior citizens are going bankrupt
they're in the streets since 1991 it was
not a mistake it was not done on purpose
to crush people that was just collateral
damage they didn't care about exactly as
they made more and more money and cost
you more and more money there are so
many I mean this is based on anecdotal
evidence obviously but this story this
report draws a broader picture real
evidence of what's happening in the
country I mean how many elderly people
do you see on the streets in Los Angeles
right now there's so many so look now we
have the facts now we have the facts
exactly because they're going bankrupt
and wreck
breaking rates do you think all of a
sudden the senior citizens in this
country just became irresponsible
because that's the absurdity that the
Republican Party mainly pushes but
sometimes people on TV the pundits and
the Democrats go along with that framing
of like well personal responsibility
what all of a sudden all the seniors of
the country became irresponsible
overnight what an incredibly unknown
sand unintelligent thing to say no it is
the market forces that they created and
I also want to just quickly mention an
important distinction between Social
Security and other retirement savings
accounts like 401ks or IRAs look 401ks
IRAs those are all tied to risk they're
all dependent on how the stock market
performs and that is a scary thing to
consider when you look into artificially
inflated stocks which is exactly what's
happening right now there's a bubble
going on with these markets and it's
gonna come crashing down and people who
are relying solely on a 401k are gonna
suffer as a result of that Social
Security is not tied to these risks so
it is a way of ensuring that people have
something to hold them over while
they're retiring it's so important okay
so let me give you some more of these
details so you know this this study
asked the respondents what is the
reasoning behind your bankruptcy why did
you file for bankruptcy three and five
said unmanageable medical expenses
played a role a little more than
two-thirds cited a drop in income we
talked about stagnant wages a lot but
when you know people get older their
earning power decreases people are less
likely to get hired as they get older
unfortunately also nearly three-quarters
put some blame on hounding by debt
collectors so the median household led
by someone 65 or older had liquid
savings of about sixty thousand six
hundred dollars in 2016
whereas the bottom 25% of households had
saved at almost three thousand two
hundred sixty I'm mentioning that
because if you think this is a problem
now with our current elderly community
it will become a lot worse in the future
because people are having a harder time
saving right now consumer debt
is at a record level right now so this
is a problem already but it will only
get worse if we don't do something about
how this system is rigged right now look
the only good news that comes out of
this is that was reading this article I
thought we're gonna get Medicare for all
because we as a country have are
traumatized by either not having
insurance or the the deathly fear that
we are going to lose insurance at some
point and and either we're just gonna
give up and say we're it's not a
democracy
just let the donors run things and we'll
just keep getting shocked and shocked
and it'll go from you know three times
but eventually it is six times as many
senior citizens out in the streets and
will turn into a barbaric country run by
oligarchs or we're gonna fight back and
we're gonna win because you people can't
take this anymore
three out of five 60% are saying they're
going bankrupt as senior citizens
because they can't pay their medical
bills no other developed country does
this where it terrorizes its own
citizens where you're literally afraid
for your life at all times there's a guy
in this story that has Parkinson's and
then all of a sudden the rules change on
him
he was collecting he had medical
insurance through a union because he got
hurt at a job etc they take that away
from him all of a sudden his bill goes
from $70 a month to over a thousand well
he can't afford that so he hasn't been
taking his medicine for three months you
know what's gonna happen he's gonna
deteriorate and then he's gonna finally
die because we live in a brutal system
that doesn't give a damn about you and
that doesn't care about its citizens the
only thing it cares about is the donors
so they're letting you die out there
fifteen point five percent of this
country has no insurance at all no other
developed nation tolerates this and by
the way you think it's cheaper no it
costs twice as much re or healthcare as
the other countries why it's going into
the pockets of the few that's how the
system's right and just to give you a
sense of how much these people have to
pay for health healthcare even though
they have met
or Medicare I should say by 2013 the
average Medicare beneficiaries
out-of-pocket spending on health care
consumed 41% of the average Social
Security check so look we have to do
something about this uh let's go to
graphic 29 for about one in three older
people who receive Social Security
benefits their monthly check accounts
for 90 percent of their income
Republicans are coming for that program
they want to cut that program they call
it an entitlement because they think
that that's a way of demonizing it but
it is an entitlement because we've paid
into it we're entitled to it and and
look again I'm giving a lot of credit
here because it's a wonderful story and
and that does come out of the media but
also the rest of the media stop playing
neutral call things as they are Paul
Ryan immediately after the giant tax cut
for the rich said we have to do
entitlement reform of Social Security
and Medicare so yes absolutely the
Republicans are coming for Social
Security that's a fact they say it all
the time but you cover for them and you
go why I can't quite tell now if you
were to say hey Obama also proposed to
negotiate with the Republicans when he
was in office and proposed to cut Social
Security you are right and you should
report that instead beloved Obama
beloved Obama but he proposed to cut
Social Security why he also gets the
money from the donors the Democratic
establishment that does their role in
this game is Oh golly gee the
Republicans made me do it and here they
are again looked at me be more accurate
about the guy I was talking about
earlier Lawrence sadita he's 74 years
old he's a former carpenter living in
Vegas it used to be $17 for three months
of coverage okay you can do $70 for
three months of insurance coverage now
it's $1100 he has Parkinson's he can't
afford it he's been in his house shaking
the whole time this is what we do to
people in this country and then they
wonder why you're angry yeah well I feel
like it is the responsible thing to do
to give you an example of a Republican
who has his eye on cutting Social
Security benefits
and essentially dismantling it and that
person is Marco Rubio so let's do this
story Marco Rubio is proposing
legislation that would allow new parents
to take family leave which is great
that is something that's been debated in
politics something that Ivanka Trump
says she cares a lot about except Ivanka
Trump and Marco Rubio have a plan that
would essentially take money out of your
retirement essentially making you wait
longer to retire just so you can have
children and take a little bit of time
off to take care of those kids so this
new bill under Rubio's Economic Security
for new parents Act parents could apply
for at least two months of leave across
their household so that's the good part
but how would this happen expectant
parents would apply to the Social
Security Administration and after the
birth or adoption of their child and the
provision of additional documentation
they would receive two months to monthly
payments of equivalent size so that's
interesting why would you reach out to
the Social Security Administration isn't
this an issue that should be legislated
so employers offer paid family leave
well here's what the cost would be for
us the American people the cost will be
a three to six months delay in receiving
Social Security benefits so if you want
to have children
cool we'll pass legislation will propose
it and hopefully pass legislation that
will give you paid family leave but it
just means that you're gonna be
borrowing against yourself and against
your own retirement so this is robbing
Peter to pay Peter
so the people that it hurts the most is
women because I'm pretty sure it takes
two to tango but when you need maternity
leave because you're the one having the
baby they say oh no no no problem but
two months now cost you six months later
so women now have to work six months
longer than men and they're not and they
don't get that money when they retire
how about the guys who also caused that
baby well you know maybe some of them
took
nealy but most of them probably didn't
sad day for the women you're gonna have
to bear extra cost yeah look this this
certainly does hurt women more but it
hurts people over all right if this is
the solution that they're looking for in
order to offer paid family leave this is
gonna hurt all of us because they've
already Republicans some Democrats have
already fought tooth and nail to defund
dismantle Social Security this is just
another way of weakening it this is
another way of you know increasing the
age at which we can retire and so like
what's left I mean you play by the rules
you work hard you do everything by the
book and then what's left if you're
lucky if Republicans have their way
you'll retire and maybe you'll be able
to do it at what seventy seventy-five so
understand why they're doing this okay
because other developed countries pay
for maternity leave and paternity leave
out of taxes so when you do that it
affects everybody
but when let's say you already increased
taxes by one percent that's not a number
you that matches the story cuz that
would be way too high to pay for this
you'd have way than more than enough
money for if you raise it by one percent
but okay but if you did that well okay
that's one percent from you but it's
also one percent from the rich and
that's a lot of money to the rich might
not be a lot of money to you it matters
more to you cuz it's a bigger you know
it's it hurts you more because you need
it more but the rich don't want to pay
it so they say hey don't take it from me
don't want I don't want this cook you
know to be a collective you know
community where we all fight together
live together work for together for one
another know if you're gonna have a baby
that's your problem not my problem I
don't want you to take it out of all of
our taxes and not just their taxes you'd
also be your taxes right no I don't want
that system cuz that touches me right so
what do I want instead I want you to
rock I want you to take it out of your
social security so you keep going back
to the mines you go back to work and
work for us at $7.25 story in The New
York Times that we covered earlier a
woman in her 70s had to go back to work
working at a a home for people with
mental
disabilities getting $8.75 an hour 25
cents $8.25 age of 70 working in an
adult daycare center for people with
mental health disabilities back to back
to work because people don't want to pay
taxes marco rubio's donors do not want
to pay taxes so you take it out of your
social security and you think that's the
only time I'm gonna do it no once they
set this precedent any time they need
any money they're gonna say no taxes for
the rich no just take it out of home
security
take it out of Social Security until
you're retiring at the age of 75 in
other words you're not retiring but Jake
haven't the rich done incredibly
important things with those tax savings
well to be fair we did cover Betsy
divorces 10 yachts and in what way we
talked about the story some guy did
something they shouldn't have done they
untied one of her ten yachts it's a 40
million dollar yacht it got ten thousand
dollars of damage that's like I guess
nothing if you it compared to if you had
a car that'd be so little you wouldn't
even fix it okay relative to the the
price of the yacht
I saw on TV after we covered it they're
like this is the beginning of revolution
and violence against the rich okay look
they should not untie the yacht but
literally they're worried about their
10th yacht and that's why you got to go
back to work in your 70s making a little
over $8 and and then they say yeah yeah
but give me more out of your Social
Security give me more out of your Social
Security 90% for 1/3 of senior citizens
90% of our income comes from Social
Security without Social Security they
are screwed and they're not screwed like
hey there was minor damage to their 10th
yacht they're screwed like they got to
go back and work at minimum wage and and
they still can't pay the bills and now
their bankruptcies have tripled over the
last several decades and and they don't
know how to pay for their medical bills
their lives are ruined but Marco Rubio
not only demands credit
but gets credit from almost everybody on
television like Bravo doing something
about maternity leave no he's not he's
redistributing the money so that you pay
more and his donors pay less at least
you see Trump coming Rubio is the kind
of guy that not only gets you from
behind but gets applauded wildly by
everyone on television Bravo Marco Rubio
here's a Republican who cares about
women what they don't tell you is how
much he's robbing them on the back end
when they're going to retire but that's
decades from now Marco Rubio will
already be incredibly wealthy and and at
that point they'll say no one could have
seen it coming
stuff happens no this is what happens
and they don't care about you let's take
a break when we come back people who
voted for Trump who now regret voting
for Trump spar with those who still
support Trump thanks for watching or
listening to this free version of The
Young Turks podcast you know that the
full show is at TYT Network comm slash
join if you become a member you're the
full show ad free we love you for
watching or listening either way there's
gonna be a new free podcast tomorrow you
can keep on doing that but if you want
to get the full show ad free TYT Network
com slash join
