the EPA under the Trump administration
is aiming to deregulate asbestos now
asbestos is the chemical that has led to
countless Americans getting extremely
sick some with respiratory issues others
with cancer but the EPA has authorized a
significant new use rule that
essentially allows the creation of new
products containing asbestos on a
case-by-case basis so to give you some
more detail into that the new rule gives
chemical companies the upper hand in
creating new uses for such harmful
products in the United States in May the
EPA released a report detailing its new
framework for evaluating the risk of its
top prioritized substances and the
agency will no longer consider the
effect or presence of substances in the
air ground or water in its risk
assessments let's pause there because
that's an amazing statement there no
it's the EPA it's the meant to protect
our environment it's no longer going to
consider the effective presence of
substances in the air ground or water
and it's risk assessments so what are
they going to consider protecting us
we're in the upside down oh I know what
they're gonna protect the profit motives
of corporations so just to give you an
idea of how damaging asbestos has been
and you should know because there are
numerous commercials you know
representing asbestos victims on TV all
the time the u.s. is one of the only
developed nations in the world that has
placed significant restrictions on the
substance without banning it completely
other countries abandoned asbestos
though asbestos related deaths now total
nearly 40,000 people annually with lung
cancer and mesothelioma being the most
common illnesses in association with the
toxin so yeah so 60 nations abandoned we
have not because hey we got to make
money or they have to make money but get
a load of who makes the money this is
the most amazing fact about this whole
story turns out there we import the
asbestos from two places one is Brazil
the other one the predominant one is
Russia I kid you not this is insane I
mean okay hold on hold on if there's a
city in Russia and I didn't know this
named s best and that's where asbestos
comes from and the guys who are making
it for there are shockingly enough very
connected to Vladimir Putin and they
literally put Trump's face on the
product now all of a sudden asbestos is
back because they look Trump and the
Russians have I don't
did you tell me there's no deal I see
his face on there and he brought us
bestest back so that the Russians could
make more money they have the biggest
company in the world on this it's called
your or less best and we're importing it
from there
to poisoning our own country so the
Trump's Russian friends can make more
money and they celebrate him by Robbie
are facing and putting his face on the
asbestos that kills 40,000 people a year
in America yep
that's who he is two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
