this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm one of my favorite
things that allison camerota does on CNN
are these focus groups where she asks
Trump supporters how they feel about
specific policies now I think this is
incredibly important because it gives
you an idea of how much the supporters
know what it is that they like about him
what it is that they actually defend
about him and you know they're asked
specific questions
so this lan√∫s focus group was
particularly fascinating because it had
a combination of current Trump
supporters and also individuals who
voted for Trump but are now regretful
for doing so so with that said let's
take a look at the first video why are
you more excited today than you were you
know I came in with some trepidation
based on his previous record he's the
most pro-life president we've had more
than Reagan he's done a substantial job
protecting the Second Amendment
securing our border deporting illegal
aliens he made a list of promises he's
coming through on many of them
I think it's disingenuous to say that
President Trump was wholly responsible
for the bifurcation that we see across
party lines right now but is he helping
it I don't think that necessarily some
of the things that he says could be said
in a more polished manner my issue with
this president who I voted for
is the fact that he has something
negative to say about every other leader
but you try seeing one little comment
that's negative about Trump himself he
jumps into a fit and he has this Twitter
tirade you know we have a lot of really
I mean I have to be crass about it
idiots who voted for him including
myself at one time I take great offense
I'm not an idiot it's a wise decision
that people vote it was a wise decision
for Michiganders for Wisconsin Heights
for Pennsylvanians for working Americans
who were tough jobs being taken away
shipped overseas are taken by illegals
God did he couldn't have proved her
point any better than he did our jobs
were being taken by the illegals and our
jobs were being shipped abroad
harley-davidson shipping jobs from the
states that you
mentioned two other countries because of
the tariffs the Donald Trump imposed so
you cost yourself jobs you think that
they're undocumented immigrants are the
ones that rigged the system because
they're so powerful they got no power at
all you schmuck the people who are
rigging the system are people like Steve
minuchin who's a treasury secretary for
Donald Trump who ripped people off and
foreclosed on their houses and made
millions of dollars doing it Donald
Trump is the swamp and you moron or
sitting there gold oh I like what he's
doing because he's cracking down on the
illegals that have what all the power in
this country at least one person there
recognize this more than that but in
that clip one person recognizes hey and
it's true by the way not just of Donald
Trump but he I'm sure that in your own
personal life you've seen this too the
people who are the most aggressive in
attacking others if you criticize them
sin is skin enou or like oh that is
absolutely right but you know what i
what i think is interesting is look i
don't do i think that that guy is an
idiot I don't I don't think ok hold I
don't think he knows all the things that
you just mentioned then look the
frustrating thing is when you try to
have a conversation with someone who is
misinformed as that guy is right and you
try to explain to him what Steve
monition did when he was the head of one
West Bank and how he fraudulently he
committed fraud to foreclose on innocent
people who should have been foreclosed
on when you try to have those
conversations with these people if they
just flat out reject that evidence and
that information well then yes I think
it's fair to call them whatever name but
I think that look that kind of stuff
isn't covered in the media you think
that aside from the New York Times
covering that story about a record
number of elderly people going bankrupt
you think that cable news is covering
that no I know so look I'm torn and I
and I vastly between
hey you Schmucks I mean just read one
goddamn article right but they say no
figures Donald Trump told me all the
facts are fake so I'm just gonna close
my eyes so I can't help but call them
Schmucks and idiots etc because they're
actively rejecting facts
because they care more about their
feelings that'll Trump makes me feel
good like I'm going to be back I'm a I'm
a right-wing American and I'm gonna be
back in charge and I'm gonna get two
illegals that makes me feel good
oh it's actually Donald Trump that cost
me my job those facts are uninteresting
to me well what am I supposed to call
you now on the other hand yes I know
you're right and I say it all the time
if you actually got them facts and they
actually listened they might have a
totally different point of view and the
media oftentimes does not help not by
being gentle to Trump voters obviously
I'm not doing that but by covering all
the bad thing kort unquote bad things he
said and we covered that from time to
time - no question about it because it's
so outrageous but those guys like that
look at that and go I don't see the
problem
he's you know he's attacking the people
I don't like I kind of love that right
no snap out of it media tell them how
they're actually hurting his wages may
be costing his job yes because those are
the realities yes and that he could
actually have health care for his family
if he didn't vote for Trump but instead
you keep telling him the Trump hates
Latinos and he thinks great great I hate
Latinos yeah look I don't know about
that particular guy but you could tell
and how you're first the illegals over
and over look I don't I don't think
we're being unfair if we say that he
hates the illegals I mean if if you are
comfortable with what Trump did at the
border with the zero tolerance policy
you hate illegals I mean come on yes
ripping children away from their parents
okay so you can say all right one more
time undocumented immigrants you say
look they shouldn't cross the border
illegally there's a legal process that
said it's a nice privilege thing to say
I got it
and and I came here legally my family
did but you know we had a little bit
more money so it was a nice privileged
thing for us to be able to do right
we weren't desperate and running from
violence and trying to protect the lives
of our kids and we'll do whatever it
takes okay fine but even though I'm
saying that's an acceptable position but
you keep calling undocumented immigrants
that illegals who are taking our jobs
now you hate a man you take you talk
about ripping their their kids away from
them they were desperately trying to
protect and you think that's a good
thing now you got hatred
in your heart if even if we agree hey we
got a stop it and we can't have them
crossing the border we've got to figure
out a way to make sure that they don't
cross the border you don't have to do it
with malice and when you do you betray
yourself and your real motives so let's
go to the next video I want to apologize
to the nation for my vote for him it was
the wrong thing to do it was the biggest
mistake I ever made like I said he is a
racist why do you believe he's racist
why do I believe he's racist look what
happened in Puerto Rico he said oh they
want to just cry and you know they
needed help just because they're not
white skinned he doesn't want to go down
there and help them out so I take great
offense to the fact that you felt the
need to apologize on their behalf of the
entire nation because that all says to
know that you are invalidating the
validity of my vote the reason I think
the reasons why I voted for Donald Trump
is because based on my perception of him
he is not a racist and he has done so
much he has done stuff ok so to the guy
saying that I assumed at the end of that
sentence was he's done so much for
african-americans and presumably based
on the job market and that's the thing
that Donald Trump and Republicans say
all the time the economic recovery
including adding jobs started 93 months
ago improving the unemployment rate for
African Americans started 93 months ago
started in 2010 under Barack Obama for
you and that trend continues it has
slowed down under Trump it is not abated
and we're fair we say hey look you
didn't crash it yet okay but he didn't
crash it so I'll give him some credit
for that so he's gotten almost two years
with that crash again honestly that
surprises me I would have thought he
would have crashed it by now but he
hasn't we we stick with facts but if you
think that he started the economic
recovery and caused the economic
recovery for african-americans in this
country you just literally have no idea
what you're talking about
it's not remotely true besides which it
goes beyond the unemployment number
which we've talked about on the show
repeatedly what about wages what about
consumer debt what's really happening
with the quality of these jobs are they
full-time jobs are they temporary jobs
are they part-time jobs a lot of them
are temporary a lot of them are
time a lot of them do pay very little so
like yeah look I'm sorry it's just one
more thing look some of the stuff if you
don't know what I understand like if you
don't know the Donald Trump wanted to
prosecute the Central Park five even
after he found out that they were
innocent and he thought now they must he
said they must have done something
anyway that's an unbelievably racist
thing to say about minority kids who
were wrongly imprisoned for all of those
years for a rape they did not commit we
found the guy his DNA matches he
confessed Trump says I don't care that
those minority kids were not guilty I
want him back in prison he says that why
because of his assumptions about
minorities why does he say about Puerto
Rico during the hurricane they were lazy
and they didn't want to help themselves
because he's racist he's but maybe you
didn't hear the specific comments about
how Puerto Ricans don't want to help
themselves and they're not working hard
enough as he gave them less money to
recover from the tragedy that he did for
Republican voters in Texas etc maybe you
didn't see the Central Park five but you
saw him call countries that are black
and Latino s whole countries you've seen
a thousand things he's done you've seen
him call Latinos rapists and criminals
and how they're all like ms-13 he
doesn't find it interesting that Trump
reserves the insult of low IQ and stupid
for black people and black people only
in Maxine Waters Don Lemon gee I wonder
what connects them Ron James LeBron
James and for that guy well the dumbest
president we have ever had by a
landslide including george w bush to
call anyone else stupid i mean there
should be an affront to your sense of
logic and rationality but you sit there
going oh how dare you call them racist
okay so this next video is my favorite
allison camerata does challenge a trump
supporter here take a look i work with a
lot of hispanic evangelicals who are
very pro-life hispanics care about god
family jobs education top things for us
the president Trump is delivering on
those things right so all this other
area that's
this is the rhetoric of oh he tweeted
this or he does this I don't really care
about me I don't care about I care about
you you're free to Catholic God family
understood jobs made a great point about
that and so as somebody who's so who is
driven by her faith and cares about God
and family do any of the personal
peccadilloes give you pause the Playboy
model who was paid off the payments to
Sir Matt Daniel a lot lives without
Affairs does any of that give you pause
you know we are taught as Christians to
be forgiving I'm not gonna get into his
personal life that that was not
something that I weighed in to go vote
for him does it make anything was better
than Hillary when you hear about the
playboy stuff does it make you
uncomfortable no I'm not here to judge
about what he did on his miscellaneous
activities or what he was doing outside
of his bedroom that is not what I voted
for him to do the world's largest
hypocrites I guarantee you every one of
those people were like I can't believe
Bill Clinton disgraced the White House
by having a consensual affair but now
and lying about it and now Donald Trump
lies about it through his teeth might
have broken campaign finance laws have
other people do payoffs for him and
sleeps with porn stars while he's
married and his wife just had a kid and
on and on it goes and now the person who
cares about God and faith all of a
sudden doesn't give a damn about Family
Values and never did never did
I just want if we can I know this is a
little different from what we usually do
play that lat the beginning of that last
video again where she talks about the
importance of family let's just play
that again I want you guys to listen
carefully to that work with a lot of
Hispanic evangelicals who are very
pro-life Hispanics care about God family
jobs education top things for us so do
do Latinos care about families being
ripped apart at the border as they're
seeking refuge and asylum in the United
States do they care about that at all I
mean really you care about you don't
care about family I don't know what she
really cares about she obviously works
with you
Angelica she mentioned it in that clip
but you can't claim to care about family
when you're supporting a president who
specifically rips Latino families apart
at the border as they're looking for
safety to protect their children she's
brainwashed she's brainwashing and
believing that the abortions the only
thing that matters and so if you're an
actual baby who cares
you actually have affairs who cares I
don't care all i care is that I've been
taught the only thing I'm ever supposed
to care about is a uterus now you you
don't even know why you were taught that
you were taught that because they wanted
to control women they never cared about
it before that ideology began an
American in the 1970s they uses a
political gimmick to try to trick people
like you and it worked
so you don't even know what principles
you think you have you say oh family
then we show you that you Trump has
violated everything you ever said you
cared about family and then you go I
don't know they told me you abortion
uterus whatever
I'm sheeple I got programmed she cheated
on every single wife he's had children
from three different women he cheated on
Melania immediately after she gave birth
with a porn star raw dog style if a
Democrat had done any of that oh my god
here's what Hispanic evangelicals care
about and white evangelicals in all
identicals we care about Family Values
we care so much my family does I can't
believe Bill Clinton had a consensual
affair and then lied about it was after
being challenged just Kate look if
you're ever gonna say about that it's
okay for Donald Trump all I need is one
simple thing I'm sorry just say it I'm
sorry for being an incredible hypocrite
about Bill Clinton like I was strong
apparently I never cared about family
just say it I never cared about Family
Values
never cared and so I'm sorry say that
and we're done with it yeah I don't give
a damn who Donald Trump slept with
either oh I care that your wages are low
I care that you don't have health care
and I care that he tricked you into
voting for things that are actually
against your economic interest and that
are gonna actually hurt your
family that's what I care about but I
can't stand your hypocrisy where you
pretended to be against people based on
the fact that they were Democrats and
you don't actually have any principles
just admit it and let's move on to easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
