hmm ladies and gentlemen I'm coming to
you live from a FEMA facility right now
I'm here representing my client
Alexander Jones and I'm gonna offer you
my thoughts on his band on Facebook
YouTube Spotify and Apple you might
remember me from my earlier work where I
made the argument that mr. Jones
shouldn't be taken seriously by any
reasonable person ever as lovers of free
speech we should all be appalled with
what happened we should all be offended
that these platforms would curb-stomp a
man who wanted to serve his country by
taking down global his deep state
psychic pedophile cabal's Ted Cruz is
appalled and he's the friggin Zodiac
killer plus his dad killed JFK
hypothetically sure mr. Jones repeatedly
attacked families of Sandy Hook victims
by claiming the school shooting never
happened which spurred entire online
communities of psychopaths who would
routinely harass these people but mr.
Jones stopped when he got sued for
defamation and then lied about ever
making such a claims although he did
make similar suggestions about David's
hog and aftermath the Parkland school
shooting but to be fair mr. Hogg is
clearly afraid of mr. Jones's speeches
in Infowars
generously offered to give the crisis
actor a platform to spout his Pro CNN
propaganda
all mr. Jones wanted in exchange was to
give David's hog an ocular pat-down
you know factor in test it see if he
indeed smelled like sulfur we believe
that mr. Jones being targeted by a Judeo
Chinese cabal led by the Rothschilds in
an effort to shield true Americans from
scary truths like Papa John's CEO was
not fired for saying the n-word but
actually for using free-market economic
principles to find out the globalist
pedo Pizza Shops run by the Democratic
Party troops like the government's
turning frogs gay and then the
California straw band is simply to bend
my clients clean water straws which is
the last line of defense II against the
government trying to turn you gay other
truths such as pasta hobbies the best
fort non-player among political voices
in America despite being routinely
streamed sniped by other lesser
fortnight players involved in socialist
gang activity i canti mmm mr. jones a
good man ladies and gentlemen and a good
father
despite the Mexi Chinese activist family
court judge ruling that he presents a
clear danger to his children family
kurtz must be abolished as a target good
powerful men who haven't been drawn in
by the powerful lure of transgender
maoism spouted at leftist colleges all
across the country
mr. Jones ex-wife is only bitter because
my client aired this episode I just
caught my wife hypothetically with ten
guys running a train on her ass they got
video cameras set up they're filming it
for pornhub hypothetically mr. Jones is
aware that Rodgers stood in prison both
were involved in this hypothetical
gangbang and will expose them as
undercover Bilderberg lizard operatives
if they continue making passionate love
to the mother of his children
hypothetically mr. Jones is a pillar in
his community and he's a business leader
who has demonstrated profound
understanding of business by turning
lying to his gullible Looney Tunes fan
base into sizable profits
no one can haggle clean water straws
down to $10 a pop only to up mark them
to $50 and then start telling you about
how the water is making you gay and
speaking of business deals my client
Alex Jones is also best friends with the
biggest deal maker our great glorious
president Donald Trump who's the
greatest president to have ever existed
my client not saying this to be a
shameless bootlicker because this
idiotic president actually took him
seriously when all the other lizard
globalist presidents laughed at him the
globalist media is afraid of the
powerful bond these two men shared when
they ducked one faithful evening in
Moscow we have the documents ladies and
gentlemen which brings me to my final
point by the power vested in me by the
state of Texas Bar Association better
dreams online college I call on the big
government to interfere in private
corporations with heavy regulation sure
asking the government to step in to
rescue him may go against everything
that my client is perfectly stood for
his entire career but remember whenever
you begin to think that how it shows is
a charlatan a hypocrite a liar or
grifter I'd like to remind you that
that's the aliens in the fifth dimension
contrails and the fluoridated water
making you think that way if libel
slander and harassment is not protected
speech in this country well I guess
there's nothing stopping us from turning
into Maoist Venezuela ladies and
gentlemen free Alex Jones
