this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket com Marco Rubio is proposing
legislation that would allow new parents
to take family leave which is great that
is something that's been debated in
politics something that Ivanka Trump
says she cares a lot about except Ivanka
Trump and Marco Rubio have a plan that
would essentially take money out of your
retirement essentially making you wait
longer to retire just so you can have
children and take a little bit of time
off to take care of those kids so this
new bill under Rubio's economic security
for new parents Act parents could apply
for at least two months of leave across
their household so that's the good part
but how would this happen expectant
parents would apply to the Social
Security Administration and after the
birth or adoption of their child and the
provision of additional documentation
they would receive two monthly payments
of equivalent size so that's interesting
why would you reach out to the Social
Security Administration isn't this an
issue that should be legislated so
employers offer paid family leave well
here's what the cost would be for us the
American people the cost will be a three
to six months delay in receiving Social
Security benefits so if you want to have
children cool we'll pass legislation
will propose it and hopefully pass
legislation that will give you paid
family leave but it just means that
you're gonna be borrowing against
yourself and against your own retirement
so this is robbing Peter to pay Peter
so the people that it hurts the most is
women because I'm pretty sure it takes
two to tango but when you need maternity
leave because you're the one having the
baby they say oh no no no problem but
two months now cost you six months later
so women now have to work six months
longer than men and they're not and they
don't get that money
when they retire how about the guys who
also caused that baby well you know
maybe some of them took paternity leave
but most of them probably didn't sad day
for the women you're gonna have to bear
extra cost yeah look this this certainly
does hurt women more but it hurts people
over all right if this is the solution
that they're looking for in order to
offer paid family leave this is gonna
hurt all of us because they've already
Republicans some Democrats have already
fought tooth and nail to defund
dismantle Social Security this is just
another way of weakening it this is
another way of you know increasing the
age at which we can retire and so like
what's left I mean you play by the rules
you work hard you do everything by the
book and then what's left if you're
lucky if Republicans have their way
you'll retire and maybe you'll be able
to do it at what seventy seventy-five so
understand why they're doing this okay
because other developed countries pay
for maternity leave and paternity leave
out of taxes so when you do that it
affects everybody
but when let's say you already increased
taxes by one percent that's not a number
you that matches the story cuz that
would be way too high to pay for this
you'd have way then more than enough
money for if you raise it by one percent
but okay but if you did that well okay
that's one percent from you but it's
also one percent from the rich and
that's a lot of money to the rich might
not be a lot of money to you it matters
more to you cuz it's a bigger you know
it's it hurts you more because you need
it more but the rich don't want to pay
it so they say hey don't take it from me
don't why I don't want this cook you
know to be a collective you know
community where we all fight together
live together work for together for one
another know if you're gonna have a baby
that's your problem not my problem I
don't want you to take it out of all of
our taxes and not just their taxes you'd
also be your taxes right no I don't want
that system cuz that touches me right so
what do I want instead I want you to run
I want you to take it out of your Social
Security so you keep going back to the
mines you go back to work and work for
us at $7.25 story in the new york times
that we covered earlier a woman
in her 70s had to go back to work
working at a home for people with mental
disabilities getting 8,000 75 cents an
hour 25 cents $8.25 age of 70 working in
an adult daycare center for people with
mental health disabilities back to back
to work because people don't want to pay
taxes marco rubio's donors do not want
to pay taxes so you take it out of your
social security and you think that's the
only time I'm gonna do it no once they
set this precedent anytime they need any
money they're gonna say no taxes for the
rich no just take it out of home
security
take it out of Social Security until
you're retiring at the age of 75 in
other words you're not retiring but Jake
haven't the rich done incredibly
important things with those tax savings
well to be fair we did cover Betsy
divorces 10 yachts and by the way we
talked about the story some guy did
something they shouldn't have done they
untied one of her 10 yachts it's a 40
million dollar yacht it got ten thousand
dollars of damage that's like I guess
nothing if you it compared to if you had
a car that be so little you wouldn't
even fix it okay relative to the the
price of the yacht I saw on TV after we
covered it they're like this is the
beginning of revolution and violence
against the rich okay look they should
not untie the yacht but literally
they're worried about their 10th yacht
and that's why you got to go back to
work in your 70s making a little over $8
and and then they say yeah yeah but give
me more out of your Social Security gave
me more out of your Social Security 90%
for 1/3 of senior citizens 90% of our
income comes from Social Security
without Social Security they are screwed
and they're not screwed like hey there
was minor damage to their 10th yacht
they're screwed like they got to go back
and work at minimum wage and and they
still can't pay the bills and now their
bankruptcies have tripled over the last
several decades and and they don't know
how to pay for their medical bills
their lives are ruined but Marco Rubio
not only demands credit but gets credit
from almost everybody on television like
Bravo doing something about maternity
leave no he's not he's redistributing
the money so that you pay more and his
donors pay less at least you see Trump
coming Rubio is the kind of guy that not
only gets you from behind but gets
applauded wildly by everyone on
television
Bravo Marco Rubio here's a Republican
who cares about women what they don't
tell you is how much he's robbing them
on the back end when they're going to
retire but that's decades from now Marco
Rubio will already be incredibly wealthy
and and at that point they'll say no one
could have seen it coming
stuff happens no this is what happens
and they don't care about you two easy
ways to follow young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
