this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm a new study by the
consumer bankruptcy project indicates
that a record number of elderly
individuals are filing for bankruptcy
and many of them are doing so because of
crippling medical debt now according to
the findings of this survey the rate of
people 65 years and older filing for
bankruptcy is three times what it was in
the early 90s 1991 to be exact from
february of 2013 to November of 2016
there were 3.6 bankruptcy filers per
1000 people 65 to 74 in 1991 there were
1.2 so we're gonna get into some of the
statistics that were shocking but I want
to be clear about something
Social Security is a government program
that Americans pay into and are entitled
to it is also a government program that
prevents elderly people from ending up
on the streets ending up homeless
according to the findings of this study
there are elderly people who are
spending about 44 percent of their
Social Security checks in paying for
medical bills ok so we have a real
problem in the country and this is an
important program that helps people that
Republicans consistently fight to cut
because they want to continue cutting
taxes for the wealthy so just be
completely aware of what's going on here
so this actually creates a article by
The New York Times and yes journalists
in this country do do wonderful work and
and sometimes that great work but you
have to celebrate it when it is good
because wise loaded up with facts and he
starts to get you a headed in the right
direction I want to give you the facts
and then I also want to do our job which
is analysis it's written by Tara Siegel
Barnard in one person she quotes us
Sheryl McLeod of Las Vegas who said I'm
70 and I'm working for less money than I
ever did in my
life but she added this life stuff
happens Cheryl it doesn't it's not
happenstance it happens because the
system was rigged against you and I know
when I say that people on TV go - no how
dare you it's our beloved friends who
built this system well your friends
built it to rob people so let me explain
how and why in this context okay so as
the writer here points out the some of
the forces that are affecting the
tripling of bankruptcy rates for a
source for senior citizens in this
country is first of all longer waits for
Social Security benefits why because
they pass laws saying that you have to
wait longer to get your Social Security
they said we had to we had to well you
didn't have to if you didn't keep going
into Wars that cost trillions of dollars
you didn't have to of you didn't give
tax cuts to the rich over and over no
you chose to it was a choice you made to
make people wait longer in which case
they don't have the money in those years
that they need it and part of the reason
why they go bankrupt 0.2 and they there
was a replacement of employer-provided
pensions with 401 K MS 401 K saving
plants as some of that is ok and some of
that it turns out ok but sometimes it
turns out you have less in your pension
because of that another reason why you
go to have more bankruptcies overall in
the country and then there's more
out-of-pocket spending on health care
which we're gonna talk a lot about ok
and that's been an enormous factor and
why well when you even ask for a public
option let alone what the rest of the
civilized world does which is
single-payer all the politicians bought
by all the healthcare companies through
their donations and independent
expenditures said no you are not going
to help the American people I need to
make a profit and now those systems cost
twice as much as they do in places like
Canada and Japan and we get worse
service and one of the consequences is
that all of a sudden three times as many
senior citizens are going bankrupt
they're in the streets since 1991 it was
not a mistake it was not done on purpose
to crush people that was just collateral
damage they didn't care about
as they made more and more money and
cost you more and more money there are
so many I mean this is based on
anecdotal evidence obviously but this
story this report draws a broader
picture real evidence of what's
happening in the country I mean how many
elderly people do you see on the streets
in Los Angeles right now there's so many
so look now we have the facts now we
have the facts exactly because they're
going bankrupt at record-breaking rates
do you think all of a sudden the senior
citizens in this country just became
irresponsible because that's the
absurdity that the Republican Party
mainly pushes but sometimes people on TV
the pundits and the Democrats go along
with that framing of like well personal
responsibility what all of a sudden all
the seniors in the country became
irresponsible overnight what an
incredibly unknowns and unintelligent
thing to say no it is the market forces
that they created and I also want to
just quickly mention an important
distinction between Social Security and
other retirement savings accounts like
401ks or IRAs look 401ks IRAs those are
all tied to risk they're all dependent
on how the stock market performs and
that is a scary thing to consider when
you look into artificially inflated
stocks which is exactly what's happening
right now there's a bubble going on with
these markets and it's gonna come
crashing down and people who are relying
solely on a 401k are gonna suffer as a
result of that Social Security is not
tied to these risks so it is a way of
ensuring that people have something to
hold them over while they're retiring
it's so important okay so let me give
you some more of these details so you
know this this study asked the
respondents what is the reasoning behind
your bankruptcy why did you file for
bankruptcy three and five said
unmanageable medical expenses played a
role a little more than two thirds cited
a drop in income we talked about
stagnant wages a lot but when people get
older their earning power decreases
people are less likely to get hired as
they get older unfortunately also nearly
three-quarters put some blame on
hounding by debt collectors so the
median household led by someone 65 or
older had liquid savings of about sixty
thousand six hundred dollars
20:16 whereas the bottom 25% of
households had saved at almost 3260 i
mentioning that because if you think
this is a problem now with our current
elderly community it will become a lot
worse in the future because people are
having a harder time saving right now
consumer debt is at a record level right
now so this is a problem already but it
will only get worse if we don't do
something about how this system is
rigged right now look the only good news
that comes out of this as I was reading
this article I thought we're gonna get
Medicare for all because we as a country
have are traumatized by either not
having insurance or the the deathly fear
that we are gonna lose insurance at some
point and and either we're just gonna
give up and say we're it's not a
democracy
just let the donors run things and we'll
just keep getting shocked and shocked
and it'll go from you know three times
but eventually it is six times as many
senior citizens out in the streets and
will turn into a barbaric country run by
oligarchs or we're gonna fight back and
we're gonna win because you people can't
take this anymore
three out of five 60% are saying they're
going bankrupt as senior citizens
because they can't pay their medical
bills no other developed country does
this where it terrorizes its own
citizens where you're literally afraid
for your life at all times there's a guy
in this story that has Parkinson's and
then all of a sudden the rules change on
him he was collecting he had medical
insurance through a union because he got
hurt at a job etc they take that away
from him
all of a sudden his bill goes from $70 a
month to over a thousand well he can't
afford that so he hasn't been taking his
medicine for three months you know
what's gonna happen he's gonna
deteriorate and then he's gonna finally
die because we live in a brutal system
that doesn't give a damn about you and
that doesn't care about its citizens the
only thing he cares about is the donors
so they're letting you die out there
fifteen point five percent of this
country has no insurance at all no
other developed nation tolerates this
and by the way you think it's cheaper no
it cost twice as much re our health care
as the other countries why it's going
into the pockets of the pew that's how
the system's right and just to give you
a sense of how much these people have to
pay for health health care even though
they have Medicaid or Medicare I should
say by 2013 the average Medicare
beneficiaries out-of-pocket spending on
health care consumed 41% of the average
Social Security check so look we have to
do something about this for about one in
three older people who receive Social
Security benefits their monthly check
accounts for 90% of their income
Republicans are coming for that program
they want to cut that program they call
it an entitlement because they think
that that's a way of demonizing it but
it is an entitlement because we've paid
into it we're entitled to it and and
look again I'm giving a lot of credit
here because it's a wonderful story and
and that does come out of the media but
also the rest of the media
stop playing neutral call things as they
are Paul Ryan immediately after the
giant tax cut for the rich said we have
to do entitlement reform of Social
Security and Medicare so yes
absol absolutely the Republicans are
coming for Social Security that's a fact
they say it all the time but you cover
for them and you go why I can't quite
tell now if you were to say hey Obama
also proposed to negotiate with the
Republicans when he was in office and
proposed to cut Social Security you are
right and you should report that instead
beloved Obama beloved Obama but he
proposed to cut Social Security why he
also gets the money from the donors the
Democratic establishment that does their
role in this game is Oh golly gee the
Republicans made me do it
and here they are again looked at me be
more accurate about the guy I was
talking about earlier Lawrence sadita
he's 74 years old he's a former
carpenter living in Vegas it used to be
$17 for three months of coverage okay
you could do $70 for three months of
insurance coverage now it's $1,100 he
has Parkinson's he can't afford it he's
been in his house shaking the whole time
this is what we do to people in this
country and then they won
why you're angry too easy wasteful young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
