and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more attacks
toward the media have intensified under
the trump administration and there's
good reason for that Donald Trump
himself continuously attacks the media
and claims that they are essentially the
opposition they are going after Trump
with fake news and the attacks are
relentless
recently he tweeted this the fake news
hates me saying that they are the enemy
of the people only because they know
it's true I am providing a great service
by explaining this to the American
people they purposely caused great
division and distrust they can also
cause war they are very dangerous and
sick that is a tweet from August 5th
2018 so it was just a couple days ago
that he tweeted that now let me jump in
like because look there's one part that
I think of that tweet that I think is
getting unfairly attacked and that's
might come as an ironic defense for me
because I can't stand anything almost
anything that Donald Trump does but the
part where he says they cause war 7 out
of 10 Americans believe that Saddam
Hussein personally attacked us on 9/11
when he had not and that was partly
because the mainstream media went along
with right-wing talking points now is
are they starting wars on behalf of
progressives progressives don't want any
wars so look I disagree with you on that
because look the media is not starting
the war the media might be complicit yes
okay so so saying that they're complicit
saying that they just regurgitate right
wing talking points that's fair but to
say that they're the ones who
essentially orchestrate war or start war
no they don't do that well is the
right-wing in the United read because
Fox News is part of the media and they
definitely helped to start the Iraq war
they're trying to start the Iran war as
we speak and and Roger Ailes was totally
in favor of that and so was Rupert
Murdoch and the media has in the past
also started other help to start other
Wars
so so I'm being realistic so I don't
look because the mainstream media right
now is is rightfully you know gets the I
don't wanna say plays the victim because
they are the victim here they are the
rest of it is of trumps tweet is madness
okay but when they pretend like golly
gee we've never been in favor of war
that's just not true
I mean even recently when Donald Trump
did the bombing of Syria Brian Williams
called it beautiful right and we a lot
of cable news celebrated the Iraq war
and made it look at your guess they were
certainly complicit and when I talk
about media I'm not I'm not thinking
about Fox News Fox News is propaganda
I'm thinking about actual journalists
yeah and yes journalists historically
speaking have been super complicit in
wars and the Iraq war is a great example
of that okay but I gotta give you the
full context oh and by the way some
great journalism nitrate or McClatchy
Newspapers etc during the Iraq war that
did not buy into that the talking points
the right wing okay but the rest I don't
want like that small but important
disagreement to overshadow my main point
which is the rest of the tweet is
maniacal and unacceptable he's he's
riling people up in a way that seems to
ferment violence I mean this whole dare
dangerous and sick this is the kind of
tropes that you use against a certain
group of people to get others to act out
against that group of people to say that
they are the enemy of the people that is
the most classic fascist line there is
to get people to attack and oftentimes
physically attack your opponents exactly
and and I mean this happens after the
Capitol Gazette shooting where five
journalists were murdered but it's
ensued it wasn't like it was years ago
and anything can he doesn't care at all
even if you say he had nothing to do
with the Capitol Gazette shooting for
him to brazenly after the shooting to
keep calling the people the press the
enemy of the people shows you he cares
nothing about their lives and yes he is
endangering their lives because his
followers are not the most stable people
in the world yep so let me give you some
examples because this has already had
some call
quences so let's start off with what's
going on with the New York Times now the
New York Times has the resources to do
this but keep in mind that there are a
lot of news organizations independent
news organizations that oppose Trump who
do not have the same resources
the New York Times publisher AG
salzburger Souls burger told trump
during a meeting last month that the
outlet had placed armed security guards
outside its offices in response to an
increase in threats against reporters
now if you'd like to hear one of those
threats all you have to do is listen to
a recent episode of Greta Bronner's show
on c-span now this was a caller who
specifically singled out brian Stelter
and Don Lemon so in the middle of this
clip you're gonna see brian Stelter who
aired this on his program comment on an
accusation against him but with that
said take a listen to what this caller
had to say about these news people Don
State College Pennsylvania supports the
criticism of the media Don you were on
the air when Tom got elected brian
Stelter and Don Lemon from CNN called
Trump supporters all racists
they don't even know us okay let me just
stop it right there I've never called
all Trump supporters racists neither has
Don Lemon so what this guy is about to
say is predicated on a lie don't even
notice Americans out here and they're
calling us racists because we voted for
Trump come on give me a break they
started the war I see him I'm gonna
shoot him I see him I'm gonna shoot him
bye that's what the caller said yeah so
any reasonable person let alone the
President of the United States will then
come out and calm people down and go hey
guys guys we were waiting I meant
they've got a bias or they've got a
perspective or I don't agree with their
reporting I didn't mean to violence
against them
there is no way to justify the phrase
enemy of the people
it's fascist 101 okay and it by
definition incites violence and and you
can disagree that it did that it incites
violence automatically but it is if
you're President of the United States
you should be concerned that it at least
has the potential to ferment violence
how could you not see that the thing is
he does see it doesn't care because he's
the guy who incited violence and almost
all of his rallies during the campaign
he said punch him in the face he said
take him out on a stretcher
he doesn't mind violence and so look
Stelter had to say correct a record it's
true Stelter and Don Lemon have never
called Trump voters races but so what if
they had I now I don't think it's all
Trump voters at all we've had a lot of
discussions about this but our some
Trump voters racist yes they are now
does that mean you're allowed to shoot
me no no isn't that free speech yeah
right so so look if someone had said in
the media someone had said all Trump
supporters are racist does that give
anyone the right to shoot the individual
where's Charlie Kirk where's
turning-point USA which is very
comfortable with a professor watchlist
right because they care about free
speech on college campuses but they're
not they're not speaking out about this
they're not speaking out about someone
who's threatening to murder journalists
because of something they allegedly said
I mean it's all it's all so incredibly
infuriating and you know we sit here on
this set and try to be fair and it
becomes increasingly frustrating day in
and day out to be principled when you
have one side of the equation that has
absolutely no interest in being fair or
principled they pretend like they care
about free speech they pretend like they
care about the First Amendment but in
essence they just use it as a way of
turning a profit
riling people up for their own purposes
that's it that's all they really care
about could you imagine if Obama
attacked the other side the way Donald
Trump did and then said you know hey
there's
and dangerous these white right-wingers
and you should do something about it
and then people on the left or people in
certain communities started calling in
and said I'm gonna start killing the
white right-wingers the right-wing would
have been apoplectic oh my god as things
stand it's now become normalized okay
yeah the right wing gets to do death
threats all the time non-stop the
president eggs them on and nothing we
can do about it and and partly I look
it's deeply frustrating
Stella's fighting back the rest of the
media to the best of their abilities is
calling it out but what can you do about
the president he's out of office get him
out of office vote get him out so look
the investigation should proceed and
they should not be colored by any
politics at all I'm fairly confident
based on the public information we have
that'll do the job but but that that is
not connected to any of this it is what
it is either they have the heaviness on
them or they don't but in terms of the
Republicans that have been covering up
for them and trying to end all the
investigations there is something you
can do about that and that's in November
in 2018 if you want a government that is
accountable that does not incite
violence and that holds everyone
accountable and not above the rule of
law then you should get the Republicans
out because that's the only way that
we're gonna have any accountability for
this maniac who keeps encouraging his
supporters to do unspeakable things to
easy ways for the Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
