drive it right where your crazy help
build the home of progressives by
becoming a TYT member click the link in
the description box below I told you
about Richard or Jenna he's running in
West Virginia's third District when we
originally did the story about his
incredibly tough ads which we love I
told you I purposely did not look at the
polling because I wanted to call the
race without even seeing the polling
that's how convinced I was that Richard
oujet is gonna win I just looked at the
polling oops
Trump won his district by 74 points now
in the most recent election he did not
run it in it and his opponent was not in
it Evan Jenkins was and now he's gone on
to a different post but that Republican
Evan jank has won that race in that
district by 44 points so I guess there's
no chance that he's gonna win I mean 70
444 the last poll has Oh Jenna only down
by three here come or jeddah so now
they're so nervous they brought Trump in
to back Carol Miller okay
so first let's see Trump complimenting
caramel
yeah loves so well that she's lost a 40
point lead
oops okay here come on channa okay now
me they're nervous is not just about Oh
Karen Miller coincidentally no they're
perfectly aware that oh jet is coming
for them
here's Trump talking about it now I've
seen this person you can't have that
person
that person is stone cold crazy
of course or Jetta came out and said if
fighting for the people of West Virginia
is stone cold crazy then I'm stone-cold
crazy I'm gonna fight for them ok ok oh
you know Trump won't go to Iraq or
Afghanistan he's scared
imagine he runs into or Jetta ok so now
look still cook all these different
ratings have this a solid Republican
cook Political Report says solid
Republican sabato says safe Republican
Rothenberg and godless Gonzalez says
safe Republican wrong not safe
Republican okay this Oh Jenna guy is a
totally different guy in one of his ads
he talks about how he got attacked when
he was running for a Senate seat in 2016
West Virginia's got some ugly politics
okay and he's he showed himself bleeding
in one of the eyes I want to show you
that okay watch they had invited
candidates from all over the area to
come there to speak to people in the
Whitman Creek area and he asked me for
some bumper stickers that's where I
walked over and I put the bumper sticker
on the back of his vehicle and then went
around to the front at the same time he
reached into the vehicle and grabbed an
object and then ran around and struck me
in the back of the head I honestly
remember just closing my eyes and it was
like I was just gonna lay down and fall
asleep
that didn't stop Oh Jenna Trump you're
gonna you think you're gonna stop Oh
Jenna so here's the the last thing they
tried on him and oh by the way one other
the landing of that ad was terrific I
love this let me show you the very end
of that four minute story about him
watch this if I don't feel what they are
doing is gonna benefit the people they
need not darken my doorstep not
interested in you darkening his doorstep
Richard Oh Jetta Yuri said that about
lobbyists in a different ad so they
attacked his his service and in what a
Kara Miller's ads they got another
servicemen to say that he was stepping
on the graves of every dead soldier
because he wanted to make sure that he
because why because he want to protect
the soldiers make sure their lives were
not wasted etc and so he was like what
did you say
about me and then he ran this famous hat
I'm Richard ole Jetta and I've been
under fire multiple times in places like
Iraq and Afghanistan tattooed on my back
are the names of my brothers that did
not come home now my military record and
my love of this country has come under
fire once again by Carol Miller
how dare she a millionaire who is a joy
to life of privilege under the very
freedoms that I have fought for I
approve this message because I love this
country and I'm willing to fight for it
and you how dare she Carol Miller okay
you're not gonna run him out of town
he's gonna run you out of time here come
old Chetta thanks for watching this free
clip of The Young Turks don't forget to
become a TYT member today for more
exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com /join
