and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more
Donald Trump has lied several times
about the Trump Tower meeting so that is
not conjecture anymore Donald Trump has
confirmed it so if you like Donald Trump
I always ask which Donald Trump the one
that was lying before the one that
admits that he was lying today so I'll
give you the quotes you can judge for
yourself but if your want to know what
the Trump Tower meeting was that was
when Donald Trump jr. got a note from a
friend of his saying that there are
Russian agents or people connect to the
Russian government who would like to
give you information about Hillary
Clinton and he said I love it I'll give
you some details about that in a second
including that quote and Donald Trump
jr. a Jared Kushner Paul man afford all
attended the meeting and now apparently
Michael Cohen is saying to Donald Trump
Donald Trump senior also knew about the
meeting ahead of time and of course it's
good evidence to that effect because a
couple of days before the meeting Donald
Trump was on the campaign trail talking
about how there's going to be damaging
information coming out about Hillary
Clinton soon gee I wonder how he knew
that now back then when this meeting was
first discovered Donald Trump jr. put
out a statement but we now know was
dictated by Donald Trump
that's another admission I'll give you
the details so you're not confused about
it in a second but at the time they had
said we primarily discussed the program
about the adoption of Russian children
that was active and popular with
American families years ago so when
they're discovered they say oh no that
was just about Russian adoption now this
weekend Donald Trump senior admits that
that was a lie he says on Twitter fake
news reporting a complete fabrication
that I am concerned about the meeting my
wonderful son Donald had in Trump Tower
so he's saying the fabrication is that
he's concerned because he's not at all
concerned he goes on to say this is the
damaging part this was a meeting to get
information on an opponent totally legal
and done all the time in politics and it
went nowhere I did not know about it so
let's note a number of things there he
just admitted it was
not about the adoption it was to get
information against his opponent that's
not me saying it that's Donald Trump
saying it so if you think that's fake
news take it up with Donald Trump cuz
apparently he's the one disseminating it
a complete admission it was in fact to
get dirt on Hillary Clinton he is I told
you that he would not get away with it
because he is too stupid for a cover-up
why would you admit that he's so
unbelievably unintelligent so that's
that he's a lawyers worst nightmare go
all around admitting things that he made
up so now his defense here is well
there's nothing wrong with it you know
you can just go get you know research
done on your opponent by the Russians no
you can't that's taking money from a
foreign government that's illegal
oops and by the way why did you write
the last sentence I did not know about
it
I thought you said in the rest of the
tweet that there was nothing wrong with
the meeting if there was nothing wrong
with a meeting why does it matter that
you didn't know about it it almost seems
like you're trying to cover your ass and
by the way you accidentally threw your
son under the bus there as well as
yourself so Jay Sekulow his lawyer had
earlier said that that meeting was about
adoption and not about getting dirt so
what does he say now he told The
Associated Press Sekulow acknowledged
that the public explanation for the
meeting has changed but insisted that
the White House has been very clear with
this special counsels office in other
words well we've been clear with the
special counsel we didn't lie to them we
didn't lie to you guys our story has
changed he confirmed so we'll get back
to that in a second as well so now Jay
Sekulow back in the day when he was
asked not only what the meeting was
about but did the President himself
dictate that note had said the president
was not involved in the drafting of that
statement man that is incredibly clear
when Sarah Huckabee Santos was asked
about as she said he quote certainly
didn't dick
that note now here's something slightly
inconvenient later the Nero Times
reported the lawyers for Donald Trump
acknowledged that mr. Trump dictated a
statement to The Times about the 2016
Trump Tower meeting between some of his
top advisers and Russians who were said
to have damaging information about
Hillary Clinton and in case you're a
lunatic who thinks that the New York
Times just makes things up let me
clarify for you his own lawyers
acknowledged and actually bragged about
it to the New York Times that's why it
was in the New York Times we sent a
letter to the special counsel admitting
that Donald Trump did dictate the note
so now that is two lies one they
originally said we didn't dictate the
note now they say yeah we're just
kidding we're lying
Donald Trump did dictate the note number
two originally they said it's not
important it was thought about the
campaign it was just about adoption now
they say I'm just kidding it was not
about adoption it was about the campaign
and yes it was to get damaging
information about our opponent and who's
a genius who admitted that Donald Trump
himself this weekend moron of morons
okay I'm not done with him yet so well
are we sure that they knew that the
information was coming from the Russians
which would make it illegal well the
note the email sent to Donald Trump jr.
by Goldstone's said that they have
sensitive information that is quote part
of Russia and it's government support
for mr. Trump Donald Trump jr. responded
to that by saying quote if it's what you
say I love it they knew that it was from
Russia they knew that it was information
that would help them
that is an in-kind contribution as I'll
explain in a second that is an illegal
attempt to accept information and an
in-kind contribution from a foreign
government thank you very much for
proving the case before we even go to
trial couldn't possibly do a cover-up
way too stupid his idea of a clever
cover-up is oh I got it and he once
bragged about this he's like a color
which
that'll get him oh so dumb okay back to
the New York Times the president's White
House and legal advisors have said for
the past year that misleading
journalists is not a crime and get a
load of that because what does that tell
you they say well I mean look we lied to
you but that's not a crime
lying to the Special Counsel would be a
crime but we did in line at a special
counsel we told them that we were lying
to you and this is the important part
the American people so it's not a matter
that's open a question anymore
these are his lawyers saying yes we lied
to the media so who's doing the fake
news again here it is them admitting
they're the ones doing fake news and
when you lie to the media it isn't about
lying to the New York Times
it's about lying to Americans you're the
president of all the United States of
America and here you are you and your
lawyers bragging about how you lie to
Americans all the time and their main
defense is it's not a crime well that's
of course also not true lying overall to
Americans is by a sub is not a crime
otherwise you'd have to put away all the
politicians but in this case the
collusion could be so but now we're back
to his lawyer Jay Sekulow he says the
question is what law statute or rule or
regulation has been violated and nobody
has pointed to one well Jay no problem
can do so let me go to the Associated
Press again they explained but the legal
experts have pointed out several
possible criminal charges including
conspiracy against the United States and
aiding and abetting a conspiracy federal
campaign finance law makes it illegal
for a campaign to accept a thing of
value such as a financial contribution
from foreign nationals opposition
research could be counted by
investigators as a thing of value
experts have said so they took time and
money to get that to do that research in
this case to steal the emails from the
Democrats and so giving that clear
has value and they gave it over
obviously in this meeting they thought
that they that the Trump tea was going
to receive that they wound up making in
public as well so their only defense
could be it's not any of this stuff
hey we attempted to do something
criminal but then we realized they
didn't have the goods so we couldn't
accept the stolen materials we were
hoping to get and we couldn't collude
collude with the Russian foreign
government that we were hoping to
collude with that would be their best
defense and boy that's a crappy defense
okay here would go to one more campaign
finance expert Rick Asus says the courts
would have to consider the opposition
research from Russian agents quote a
thing of value for campaign finance
purposes very very clear now after all
this comes out I'm wondering are the
trumps lawyers and aides going to say I
mean he meant it yeah of course
this is part of a secret strategy to
admit that we're guilty in public
because we're playing three-dimensional
chess No CNN reports President Donald
Trump has been urged to stop tweeting
about the 2016 Trump Tower meeting
between Trump's top advisers and several
Russians a source familiar with the
discussions tells CNN Washington Post
confirms sources inside the White House
saying mr. president please stop
tweeting why because of course all it
does is get him in trouble this is why
you don't put your guilty client on the
stand but here he's thinking the stamp
on a national stage and they can't stop
them so the other day he admits
obstruction of justice by asking the
Attorney General to stop the
investigation of himself he says it
publicly on Twitter and now this weekend
he says yeah yeah we're Ghent and it
wasn't about adoption it was to get
information about our opponent hey I got
him tonight and his lawyers and all days
are like oh my god that's why his top
two lawyers have already left the
building
it was the case of their life it would
make their careers representing the
president they're like yeah
thanks but no thanks this guy's a hot
mess and by the way he clearly did it
too easy wasteful Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
