so Brent welder of course progressive
candidate in Kansas third District he's
gonna shock the world tomorrow night I
have a fun prediction on that coming up
but the right wing Desai has decided
because the corporate Republicans think
a lot like the corporate Democrats that
hey you know what
Brent welder will be maybe in their
minds easier to defeat if he wins the
primary and goes on to the general
election so the people who are running
this ad are actually right-wingers even
though it seems very positive Brent in
the beginning okay the guy who is the
founder of TD Ameritrade Ameritrade is
Joe Ricketts and his group was called
ending spending and they're the ones who
paid for this his son by the way is Todd
Ricketts and he's the finance chair of
the Republican National Committee so I
want you to watch the whole ad in the
beginning it seems like it's for Brent
at the end they turn against them
because they're right-wingers and then
we'll talk about why they did it and
what I think are the results let's watch
progressive Brent welder community
organizer friend of Barack Obama and
Ally of Bernie Sanders welder wants to
bring Obama Sanders progressivism to
Kansas he'd raised the minimum wage to
$15 an hour wipe out tax breaks for big
corporations make college completely
free and he supports single-payer
medicare-for-all we don't need more
Obama Sanders progressivism Brent welder
too progressive for Kansas ending
spending is responsible for the content
of this they put in a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars to run that ad so there
are two possibilities so one is they're
like wouldn't it be crazy if you guys
all had health insurance instead of
being nervous wrecks about whether your
family's going to live or die
he's actually fighting for the American
Way dream for your kids in terms of
college education and higher wages for
you that's possible and that's why they
attend they said Kansas is not for
progressivism it's also of course
possible and his opponents have been
complaining that this is done before the
primary to try to get Brent welder to
win now mind you there are conservative
groups in Washington pretending to be
progressive who've already poured in
over a six
hundred thousand dollars of ads against
Brent welder trying to make sure that he
does not win as a progressive in Kansas
so those are theoretically left-wing
groups but they are Pro establishment so
now in this case my best guess is these
knuckleheads think
oh yes yes we'll we'll do this ad that
makes Brent look progressive maybe he'll
win the primary and he'll be in their
minds easier to defeat oh I have one
message for them be careful what you
wish for you just might get it
so if Brent wins the primary tomorrow
night and I've got a prediction coming
up on that for you in a second he is
going to beat Kevin Yoder with a stick
he's gonna beat him real bad
of course politically first of all it is
already pulled out showing Brent kicking
Yoder's ass 49 to 42 Public Policy
Polling he's got a seven-point lead on
the incumbent this district should be
blue by all intents and purposes voted
for Hillary Clinton in the general
election I voted for Bernie Sanders in
the primary Donald Trump is polling the
30s in that district in the middle of
Kansas and Kevin Yoder is one of the
most right-wing congressmen there are in
the whole country he's also one of the
most corrupt he takes more money from
the payday lenders than anyone in
Congress those are basically legalized
loan sharks but they get corrupt people
like Kevin Yoder to do their handiwork
for them in Congress to screw over the
average worker in Kansas who needs a
loan for a little period of time and
they charge him sometimes as high as
over 300% interest rates and Kevin Yoder
Eanes and abets that robbery of the
average American you think that he's
gonna have an easier time with welder
are you nuts
Brent doesn't take any corporate PAC
money he's uncorrupted so he's gonna get
to call you corrupt day in and day out
he's running ads against Yoder right now
calling him corrupt what are the other
Democrats doing
patty-cakes leading from the middle
that's literally a slogan from one of
the other Democrats in the race and
other slogan is the courage to
compromise No
oh they're gonna come out Yoda real soft
and they're not gonna talk about is
systemic corruption and how he works for
his donors and they're gonna try to do a
Republican life brant welder is not
going to do that he's gonna fight for
you and he's gonna come with a whooping
stick so be careful what you wish for
because either way whether you like it
or not
Brent welder is gonna win that election
and that is in fact my prediction so the
day before the primary let me go on the
record
Brent welder will win the primary in
Kansas's third district he is a
phenomenal candidate justice Democrat
helped by other progressive groups like
p triple c so many people have chipped
in here but he has done an amazing job
of organizing volunteers raising small
dollar donations he's uncorrupted and he
has run a campaign that was
unapologetically progressive we are
actually gonna fight for the average guy
in the middle of Kansas and we're not
gonna let the donors and their
corruption win this time and Brent
welder will win the primary tomorrow
night and then he will win the general
election easily I predict he beats Kevin
Yoder by double digits sends him packing
and then he'll probably go Yoda will
probably go get a job with one of his
corporate donors because that's who he
works for anyway inside Kansas and
inside Congress so here comes Brent
welder look I I don't say it lightly and
I didn't say it earlier and I don't want
to jinx it but I'm keeping it real with
you guys I think Brent has run amazing
campaign and my political assessment of
his chances is he's gonna win and when
he does that's another Alexandria Acacio
Cortes that's another deeply progressive
win that the rest of the media did not
anticipate here comes the Justice League
Young Turks two easy ways for the Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
