so calculon's he does a show called
secular talk it's part of the TYT
Network I happen to think he's awesome
he's been on The Young Turks before as
well this particular show and now you're
gonna get to see why some people call
him the Kyle Driver
I love nicknames sometimes I call him
the crusher but I like piledriver better
now so Fox News made the mistake of
asking him to be on-air they thought
they were gonna steamroll them as they
do with all left-wing guests that they
would present right-wing framing and
then ask him to scramble and defend it
well Kyle doesn't do defense as much as
he does offense so he decided he was
gonna go on the attack you're gonna like
this so first off they do a whole
section I'm leaving out here and you
could watch the whole interview on
Kyle's channel on secular talk we'll
have the link down below but they set up
this framing of the far left the far
left and this is when the Liberals are
supposed to apologize for it on Fox News
but here's what elinsky doesn't
Stan Kyle should moderate Democrats
worry about this far left push no I
think that the far left is actually the
way for Democrats to win believe they're
not so when you look at the polls and
you look at all the substantive policy
issues the American people
overwhelmingly support Medicare for all
for example they overwhelmingly support
free college they overwhelmingly want to
end the wars so when you go issue for
issue the American people are actually
with the far left and in fact President
Trump when he ran in 2016
stole some of those issues he ran
against the wars he ran against the
trade deal and Kyle you might you might
have a point he also said he wasn't
going to touch any of the entitlements
Social Security right or or Medicare you
make a good point
Kyle driver all right might be reports
that clip are the looks on the right
wingers face Chris de Gaulle he and let
alone the Fox News host so first there
they go okay now the far left oh you go
ahead and apologize from and cause like
no I think they have the right positions
and right wing host is like
he didn't see that coming and then when
the Fox News host agrees with Congress
as that that's a good point I mean yeah
American people are in favor of those
positions we be calling if our left this
the guy was like he's not anywhere near
done so then they play a long clip of a
just Democrat at Cory bush she's got an
election coming up tomorrow in Missouri
she's a wonderful candidate they sent
someone to trip her up about the tax
rates I I think Corey's position on tax
rates are exactly right she didn't give
a great answer to be honest and I might
have even said that but Kyle didn't say
that they're like okay now apologize for
Cory Bush he's like no I don't think so
listen to this child is that the future
the Democratic Party I hope it's the
future of the Democratic oh yeah hey
Jeff Jeff Bezos has over 100 billion
dollars at the same time now we have
60,000 homeless veterans in this country
and 400,000 homeless Americans and the
American people again to go to the polls
overwhelmingly want to raise taxes on
the rich overwhelmingly want to raise
taxes on Wall Street corporations I'm
talking about 58% of Americans it's all
of your strategies to defend the rich by
all means go right ahead
Kyle driver the facial expressions and
the way he turned around he's like
60,000 homeless veterans and they're
really mmm that's uncomfortable man you
messed with the wrong dude so now Chris
the GAO is gonna try to throw in the
usual not only right-wing framing but
the usual lies that they throw in there
as well know you're on with a Kyle
driver it's not gonna fly watch we're
still talking about radical French stuff
abolishing ice abolishing law
enforcement abolishing laws why are you
making things up that's made up you just
made that up
who says abolish it yes you just made is
I said abolish endorsement nobody you
did is i excuse me is ice not law
enforcement Customs and Border
Protection already protects the border
ice was created in 2003 and by the way
their allegations not only
one second one second
Kyle driver okay you just made that up
no who me yeah you no one on the left
has ever said abolish law enforcement
altogether never said it and even if
you're talking about ice Kyle makes a
great point there about the history of
ice and how it is actually duplicated
and so terrific points and then so at
that point they're like mercy please
stop talking cuz you're killing us
I love it man if you're gonna go on Fox
News that's how you do it
so kolinsky secular talk check it
out
he does college drivers all day every
day on secular talk and next time you
ask him on great that's awesome just be
careful because he packs a punch too
easy wasteful Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
