and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more an 18
year old man in California has been
acquitted of murder charges following a
case involving the shooting death of a
young man named Justin Holmes so this
story involves three individuals who
were involved in the death of Justin
Holmes and Cameron Tyrell the the man
who has just been acquitted was the
individual driving the getaway vehicle
so Cameron Tyrell is from Palos Verdes
Estates in California which is a very
wealthy area he was acquitted of
first-degree and attempted murder
charges even after he attempted or
admitted to driving a car that two
homicide suspects were driving in before
the alleged crime was committed now he
was given the option of bail which is
kind of incredible because usually
people facing murder charges don't get
that option but he got that option his
family was able to put up $500,000 in
cash to get him out awaiting the trial
then he goes through the trial and the
jury decides to acquit him now the LA
County Deputy District Attorney
attempted to argue that he was a gang
member who knew the intent of the two
juveniles who were black when they
allegedly shot and killed 21 year old by
the name of Holmes in rival territory
just to be clear though the victim here
was not a gang member and unfortunately
he didn't survive there were two other
men with him and luckily they managed to
escape and were unharmed but it's just
fascinating to see how in this case you
have you know a young man driving the
getaway vehicle he admitted to it but he
was still acquitted of murder charges
you know it's absolutely you know I want
to say it's unfortunate it is a
reflection of our society we had a jury
pool decide and deliberate on this for
what ten days and so that's what the
community decided but it's kind of
evident and clear here that people
aren't necessarily being treated the
same but I guess we're gonna find out
when we have these two black underage
juveniles who are going to be pretty
much facing
these murder charges and to see the kind
of treatment in the experience they have
and of course it's also a matter of the
fact that when you have this young man
Tyrell whose family is very affluent
that they could afford good counsel and
so it's really I just think that the
situation really reflects the ills any
unfortunate just unfairness of the
justice system let me jump in really
quickly because I want to make one
important point look I I'm not saying oh
well he got off so I think that these
two black juveniles should no no no I'm
saying that he was involved in this
murder right and so there should be
consequences but instead you know he
gets acquitted and now he's he's
planning on going to law school he says
that because of this whole situation he
now has a newfound passion for
jurisprudence yeah I hope he has a
newfound passion for not killing people
yeah so I think we're all agreed that
what we want is equal justice yes and so
and if you say hey look man I don't know
that somebody driving the car should be
up for murder
but do you know how many minorities you
put away for on murder charges for
driving the getaway car and and it's not
just minorities how many poor people
right if you're in the middle of
Kentucky and you were driving the
getaway car and your pants in have
$500,000 for bail etc and all the money
for those defense attorneys you think
you're not going to jail you're going to
jail son you are okay and for a long
long time but rich kid comes in and now
one other thing imagine that the the
prosecutor say he's a gang member
now if he was a black gang member and
was not rich do you think he gets away
do you think they acquit him you could
say yeah and maybe but I doubt it and
you know you doubt I think probably what
would have happened if this had had been
a young black man he would have been
probably had a public defender who
encouraged him to plead out yeah and he
would be serving 30 years in jail at
this point rather than going to trial
because his parents you know could
afford it to this young man's parents
could afford it it's prosecutors job to
prove the case they didn't do that in
this case probably because there was
really good counsel on the other side
but the problem
even gets its there before they even get
to that point because of pleading out
and and this police system that we have
where you hey go ahead and plead and
then you go to jail yeah James what was
your profession before you start running
for Congress a civil rights attorney so
okay so - excellent attorneys here with
and a very bad one but that's a great
point and I you know and and it's often
overlooked which is that if you were
poor you probably weren't gonna get a
trial in the first place the public
defender was almost certainly gonna tell
you to plead and in a case like this and
they want to move things along they go
you got to go well you're gonna lose
anyway you've got no chance right and
the whole system's geared against you so
in a sense you know when people talk
about two-tiered justice to me I don't
think it's just a black and white issue
I think that it's it is that by the way
don't ignore that part because that is
real okay and it just cuz you didn't
experience it doesn't mean it doesn't
happen right but it's also
socio-economic are you new are you rich
or are you not because there's a whole
different justice system for rich folks
in this country two easy ways to follow
Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
