and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more I think
that what not just TYT is part of but
we're all kind of part of my candidacy
was part of this much larger movement
where we can actually have nice things
funded by everyday people that are
accountable to everyday people by the
end of our campaign we had organized
about 22,000 individual contributions
with an average about 27 bucks apiece
it was a very birdie it was rising it
started 8 bucks and those initial people
were a lot of TYT supporters as well and
so you know we just kind of keep the
faith because what we're doing is
working so it's perfect because Stephen
Garcia writes in been a member of just
Democrats since day one and Alexandria's
campaign was the first I volunteered for
yeah she never forgot about justice
Democrats and used her time the
spotlight to keep repping our values
shout out the Hartson welder and in
campaigns that I got to help out with
well that's right and they're happening
right now
Brent welder being attacked by now
Republicans they important hundreds of
thousands of dollars and ads against
them as we speak
because his primaries on Tuesday you'll
be here on The Young Turks on Monday and
then we'll cover the election of course
live on Tuesday for all you guys so make
sure you check out both of those live
shows 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. and then almost
all the just Democrats running on
Tuesday will be on the show on Monday
for a last pitch so you guys know who
they are and then on Tuesday all the
election results including Brent welder
and James Thompson who's actually right
now in the studio and will be on with us
in the next segment also from Kansas and
don't forget Kanye laying in Hawaii
fantastic progressive candidate and
Allison Hartson is out there helping
them right now to easy ways for the
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
