and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm / app to find out more one more fun
attack from fox news this was
particularly enjoyable because of how
they accidentally admit were pretty much
right so again this is directed at
alexandria castillo cortez who's here
with us obviously today and it was by a
daily call a writer so of course it has
no relationship to the truth but she
almost accidentally stumbles into it
this is fun she goes to one of
Alexandria's Kent rallies she said Cory
Bush well Cory Bush this analyst and and
other justice Democrat check out all the
just Democrats they were all running
across the country make sure you support
them uncorrupted they take no corporate
PAC money and drive foxnews crazy okay
so she goes her rally she says she it
was frightened so let's find out what
she was frightened about was watching I
was listening to to them talked to a
patio Cortes and also to Cory Bush who
she was stumping for it in st. Louis and
they say things I mean I talk about
things that everybody wants especially
like if you're a parent they talk about
education for your kids health care for
your kids these the things that you want
and you know if you're not really paying
attention to how they're gonna pay for
it or you know the rest of that it's
easy to fall into that trap and say my
kids deserve this saying that my kids
deserve when I have kids when I have
kids I'm just gonna just gonna let them
on the street and just let them you know
nothing Nando way did not fall into
betray I see what you're doing
stay true that you're actually
advocating for all Americans I was I was
you know I I kind of remember her from
that selfie now now that I look at it
the thing that's wild is that so we were
at this cory bush rally and if you've
ever seen or met cory bush you know that
she herself is one of the most inspiring
people that you've ever met and so cory
bush of course aligns this rally and all
of the opening acts for the rally of
people talking about racial justice
people talk about health care LGBT
rights and so it's like all of these
really moral arguments about what is
right in america and so i think at the
end of that rally i remember seeing her
and you know how you talked about how
once upon a time you wrote about not
being a feminist and someone planted a
seed I think we planted a lot of seeds
yeah and so I think she's struggling
with it and that's yeah ten years I
guarantee you I'm right now yeah no no I
think that she's a hundred percent right
she's struggling yeah she's like it
sounded pretty good yeah like where
where it's not that we get stuff for
free but Medicare for all cost less than
the current system and we would all be
covered and we wouldn't have co-pays and
we wouldn't have premiums and when our
kids got sick we wouldn't be a nervous
wreck that either they were going we
weren't gonna be able to treat them or
was gonna bankrupt our family I'm a fish
she's afraid that it sounds good what's
happening is that when I was joking
about them losing their kind of Verve
the Republicans in their rhetorical
muscle I think what's happening is after
Bernie's campaign and after your
campaign where people are advocating in
clear terms for bread-and-butter things
that are majoritarian positions in the
vast majority of the country that
actually will help improve people's
lives and when you put those things
clearly and out there forcefully and
sharpen the distinctions it's like their
brain the brain explodes because they
because you know how can you argue
against this another thing is to it's
like you know I meet every person where
they're at and I think compassion and
empathy is important this woman is a
writer for The Daily Caller The Daily
does not pay its writers a lot of money
I guarantee you that this woman is
struggling to make ends meet and I
guarantee you that she has struggled to
pay medical bills that she has feared
for her financial future before and you
know our side is actually at least we're
trying to put down plans at least we're
trying to find some kind of solution to
get this woman health care to cover her
the future of her children and she's
writing for an outlet that is basically
saying people like her don't deserve
those things and so I think it puts her
in the tight bind as a human being and I
think that's a lot of what we saw that
struggling that she had on Fox News like
I saw her as the mom and and you know I
I feel I really feel for those people
yeah I think the right wing you know
they're so afraid of the others that
they unfortunately some of them
definitely not all of them but some of
them seem to have bad intent I got to
keep those people away I got to build a
wall the Muslims are scary Latinos are
scary etc Senate we on the other hand
actually why you'd have health care we
want you to have higher wages even if we
don't like you that's right even if
you're a Trump motor we're not gonna say
by the way the Trump's tax plan
literally did this they punish the blue
states and reward the red states in
their tax plan right we would never do
that because we actually care about the
people in Alabama and Kentucky and West
Virginia we want you to have higher
wages and we're gonna fight like hell to
get your higher wages so that's why if
you go to Alexandria's rallies you might
be shocked at what you find out so which
leads us to part two she says she was
uncomfortable let's find out why I was
mostly uncomfortable because I was
surrounded by a group of people who were
talking about how they had gotten
involved because they were tired of
being angry all the time then it seems
like so much effort to be angry about
everything instead of to focus on what
you could do to change it so it was
really uncomfortable so I actually loved
that you know why because you guys all
went to a rally to change things Yeah
right
she goes to rally for changing those
they said it being angry why don't they
go change something they just
to change things and they trying to do
the same thing with Cory bush
yeah and you know what I'm noticing with
Fox News overall the right-wing overall
is they're attacking you incessantly
because they're afraid yeah and and
they're afraid because think about the
message that Trump used while he was
campaigning and I'm not gonna say that
it was the exact same message as yours
of course it wasn't but it was a
populist message that talked about
affordable healthcare that talked about
covering every American that talked
about you know the economic
disadvantages of the system that we're
in right now I mean you didn't say it as
eloquently but that was when he kept
touching on and so what did Trump turn
around and do and Americans are paying
attention he turned around and pushed
for tax cuts for corporations the the
tax cuts were pulling poorly but he
passed them anyway
okay Congress pass them anyway now the
White House is talking about
unilaterally passing more tax cuts for
capital gains tax you think that's gonna
sit well with your voters Fox News is
aware of that the right wing is aware of
that and so they hear your messaging
they hear Justice Democrats and what
they've been campaigning on and I'm sure
they're scared because they realize this
message is gonna resonate and how do we
fight back every time they've tried to
fight back they've only made you guys
look better so I wrote an article on
HuffPo
back in 2005 thirteen years ago and I
think that it applies exactly to what
they're trying to do it to you so and I
and I quote I'm gonna quote myself here
which is always a funny thing to do but
only because I want you to understand
that this is not us in hindsight saying
oh they're attacking Alexandria and this
is what they're trying to do no we've
been doing this for decades so they did
it to Howard Dean back in the day back
when Howard Dean was a good guy in a
progressive they did it to Bernie
Sanders they're doing the italics Andrew
so let me read to you what I wrote in
2005 you see if you think it applies as
if it's the playbook that they are using
so it was a seven step plan for media
domination and opponent destruction and
that is what Republicans and Fox News
used and I said step one select the
strongest person on the other side and
target him for destruction although in
this case it would be her attempt to
destroy
credibility in the mainstream media so
the reporters will be skeptical of him
and eventually his own party will disown
him step 2 comb through all of the
speeches of the target find one to two
sentences that can be taken out of
context and beat to death portray those
few isolated statements as extreme
literally what Fox News did today -
Alexandra Casa Cortez hey I comb through
all of your writing I found that you
like Adam Smith I found that you said
one bad thing about feminism okay step 3
real quick guys repeat step 2 800 800
times until three things have happened
every time the target is mentioned the
audience will think of the only charges
you have repeated ad nauseam - the
conversation is no longer on the topic
at hand but about your tart what your
target said about the topic your three
your target sounds like an extremist
simply because you've repeated the
charge enough times so when they attack
you on different issues they're trying
to get you people to not focus on the
issue itself it goes to the heart of
what was happening with that woman if
you focus on medicare-for-all and
realize it actually saves money and
covers everyone well Fox News is screwed
so instead I'm gonna find one or two
things that Alexandria said and try to
make it seem extreme so you are both
distracted and I get to attack the
strongest person on the other side
obviously as you said they don't do just
do this to me they don't just do the
politicians they do it to activists
they've done it to you can look at a
bunch of prominent activists here right
now in the contemporary space and the
whole idea is to create doubt amongst
progressives about each other so that
because our strongest our strongest suit
is our solidarity because when we do
come together it's unstoppable
so the beg the biggest weapon and this
is what I've said at our rallies is that
they hand us a weapon to use on
ourselves and that's cynicism and so
they they give us all of the ingredients
for cynicism and then they let us come
to our own conclusions with the
materials that they have given to us
alexander that's funny you say that -
step 6
okay get your opponents to take down
their own people for fear that they will
keep getting asked the same annoying
senseless questions from you and your
proxies and the reason they will give is
the one you conveniently planted the
target has become a distraction Shirley
Sherrod the Acorn thing four years ago
like they I mean Democrats ended up
caving on it yeah sure and if you're a
person of color especially they've done
it at Ron King they do to Linda Sarsour
like it makes you in even more of a
target but they do it to everybody yeah
everybody so what's fascinating is they
wrote the PlayBook they've been carrying
it out for all this time and you're
seeing it live happening to Alexandria
and of course also to Bernie Sanders and
the rest of the media keeps on feeding
into it without even realizing the game
that's being played oh my god squirrels
shiny object you said something about
somebody nine years ago or how so I'm
gonna buy into it and I'm gonna pretend
that that's all in the yesterday for me
and ignore the substance of what your
campaign was about like meanwhile
Republicans are literally running
accused pedophile yes like whatever like
they don't believe in climate change and
it's like I would argue the the
strongest component of the Republican
Party is their ability to stick up for
one another regardless of what the
person who's being targeted has been
accused of doing they don't care and and
look I think that on the Left we have
standards we have real morality and we
do hold one another accountable but I do
think that you know when someone is
attempting to plant a seed of cynicism
we have to be skeptical and really you
know dissect the reasoning behind it try
to figure out what they're really trying
to do in terms of sowing doubt like how
many mainstream liberal outlets reported
the 32 trillion-dollar headline from the
Koch brothers story just without
anything without any sort of context
even though Associated Press never
mentioned is that our current system
cost thirty three trillion dollars like
it seems like an important you know
caveat yeah first paragraph was about
how this was a study done at a college
with no
for instance the fact that the Koch
brothers funded it the huge headline
cost thirty two point six trillion in
the first paragraph talking about it how
it might double your taxes now you took
that straight out of the coke funded
study yeah that's actually not true and
you didn't do your homework but so I
what I address it to the media because
this is the game that's also being
played on you and so yes we address it
to progressives so when you see this in
action understand to don't get
distracted by that stuff circle the
wagons stick up for one another don't
buy into FoxNews propaganda and do their
bidding no fight for one another's dance
strong together and it's not to say and
I think the thing that makes us
different from that other side is that
it's not to say that we excuse other
people's past or or that we just say
okay anything that you do is okay but
it's to ensure that we we take those
opportunities to have conversation yes
yes that we you take those opportunities
to have conversations to talk about you
know evolution but when we just when we
immediately jump to public vitriol and
distancing and weakening then you know
it does follow a formula yeah absolutely
right and last thing guys understand
that when the right wing attack machine
comes they look for the worst of the
worst so for example when today Fox News
does a story about how once Alexandria
or something positive about Adam Smith
that doesn't mean she did something
wrong and that means they couldn't find
it right I mean they looked and looked
and looked and they found out that you
were a smart person who read the book of
about Adam Smith and wrote an article
about it the cleanest person in America
like I got a degree in economics like I
can't get a degree in economics without
reading Adam Smith I mean if I could
then that's not a good degree I know but
you just mentioned something that
disqualifies you based on Fox News is
logic and that's education
actual information knowledge on
economics they're like Oh last thing
super ironic their article about Adam
Smith doesn't understand Adam Smith at
all yeah I'm Adam Smith argued for
taxation wedding yes monopolies argued
for regulation he didn't argue for
unlimited out-of-control red people of
all times yes he is and and he
acknowledges that there are extreme
limitations to a corporate only economy
that that he acknowledges that they are
going to have to be not just limits but
they're going to have to be kind of a
different actors in the economy beyond
just corporations individual actors
that's right and he talks about be
careful about market forces because they
can run out of control like for example
in monopolies so ironically they're
criticizing you for reading Adam Smith
without reading Adam Smith two easy ways
to follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
