thank you for watching or listening to
this free podcast of The Young Turks we
want to make sure that you get some
portion of the show every day but if you
want the full show which is actually
five segments come become a member and
support independent media as well TYT
Network comm sized joined meanwhile
enjoy the free podcast
all right welcome they are Church Genki
Granicus pairing with you guys as usual
while the only day in fact we are
literally going to start Willie with
Bigfoot in a second so I it's a big day
today but it's also a big day for the
next three days on the air so tomorrow
Alexandra crosshair Cortese on the power
panel so not as a guest but as one of
the hosts she will be hosting the first
hour along with me Ana and Nando Vila is
going to be back from fusion with us and
and then the second hour we're gonna
have James Thompson also host with us he
is one of the just Democrats running
ain't Kansas so excellent power panel
tomorrow don't miss it and we're going
to address some of the things the
mainstream media has been getting wrong
so that ought to be fantastic and on
Monday at 5:05 right after the show
that's 505 Pacific's 8:05 Eastern we are
going to have 9 Justice Democrats up for
election on Tuesday night they're all
going to come on The Young Turks make
one last pitch and then Tuesday night
it's make or break
one of the biggest primary nights of the
entire season
you've got Kansas there with Brent
welder and James Thompson you got
missouri with cory bush there's so many
of them i can't list them all but
Michigan Washington wonderful wonderful
candidates are they gonna win or are
they gonna go home so it's I'm already
nervous really really nervous so either
it's gonna be jubilant on Tuesday night
or the opposite so don't miss any of
that coverage you could watch it on T YT
comm slash live of course we now have
our app on both iOS and Android so TYT
comm / app and you just watch the live
coverage on your phone anywhere you want
and of course you get all the shows as
well including podcasts of Anna's show
no filter and soon we'll have the damage
report on there as well we already have
clips what we want to try to bring you
the whole audio show of John I to roll
the show and
of course you everybody gets every
minute of every show if you're a member
TYT Network comm slash join to become a
member you guys make home a progress as
possible so now having said that we
start with fun yes before we crash into
Trump yes okay yes all right
oftentimes it's incredibly frustrating
to see Democrats Democratic candidates
refuse to fight and be on the offense
when it comes to of several political
issues now Leslie Cockburn who is a
house candidate a Democratic House
candidate from the state of Virginia
does not match that description of
Democrats she is going in guns blazing
against her Republican opponent and her
attacks are different from what you'd
expect but nonetheless I love it so she
goes after a Republican Denver Riggleman
okay there he is and here is an example
of one of her attacks she says quote my
opponent Denver Riggleman running mate
of Corey Stewart was caught on camera
campaigning with a white supremacist now
he has been exposed as a devotee of
Bigfoot erotica this is not what we need
on Capitol Hill you know what I agree
with you I I don't begrudge anyone who's
into Bigfoot erotica but I'd like them
to kind of keep that in to in their own
personal lives you know I don't want our
politicians talking about their fetishes
now he said that he did write an
anthropological book sort of based on
parody and satire which has been a
running joke with a bunch of military
pals for the past fourteen years
apparently he and his friends in the
past had exchanged Bigfoot erotica
imagery on social media Twitter I
believe well of course they did then
they they thought the guy had a Bigfoot
hey beautiful hair but they did rough
talk him and run him off so if you guys
missed that that was a one of the best
reports CNN has ever done
one of our favorite segments ever on The
Young Turks when they went and talked to
a guy who thought he saw
but basically Bigfoot right and but but
don't worry like he said he ruff talk
him and run him off he told him meet
yeah beautiful hair six fingers okay now
there's a guy like that running for
Congress I love I love all of this
because okay attacking him for aligning
himself with you know white supremacist
that makes all the sense in the world
that's to be expected but then in the
same tweet out of nowhere come the
Bigfoot attacks and it's just I just
love it right be ruthless
be strong be powerful yes well that's
the serious message here and I'm gonna
get to that in a second but hold on I'm
not done with big for yet so Riggleman I
mean there's no joke I mean he's really
really into Bigfoot I don't know how
particular which which way he's going
with Bigfoot but I don't know if he's
getting big footed or he's doing the
bigfooting night okay but but but listen
he bragging about a book he's got a
coming out recently called the mating
habits of Bigfoot and why women want him
to first of all do they but my favorite
thing my favorite thing is when you hear
like middle-aged right-wing men like
make declarative statements about what
women want because who wouldn't know any
better than they would right and they
know what i want better than i do
no no Riggleman knows he knows he knows
you are bigfoot you you're seeing ya get
but instead you're thinking he's got a a
beautiful hair I'm not done yet he had
another book is two books on Bigfoot
unbelievable more than a decade ago it
was titled Bigfoot ik storm
exterminators incorporated the partially
cautionary mostly true tale of monster
hunt 2006 are these really books that he
published yeah it's his Co wrote a book
and he says he's got a new book release
coming out about a month or two
on this uh I mean one was I guess
hunting Bigfoot which I suppose is a
little bit more normal
these these in Republican circles oh you
only believe in Bigfoot and believe in
hunting him oh that's nothing
at least you don't wanna have sex with
him that's the state of the Republican
Party the other one was the mating
habits of Bigfoot and why women want him
okay it's a Bigfoot like anyway okay so
by the way yeah he says I do not believe
that bigfoot is real to be fair to him
he also says that he does not want to
alienate any Bigfoot voters so look you
is that last part of joke or is he
serious I can't tell the Republicans
anyone know I think looked to be fair to
him on this whole Bigfoot thing you know
he's having fun with it I hope I don't
think that he's being serious yes but
alright so before I get back to him
though I gotta say a third of them yeah
yeah
so I want found somebody then because of
the story people start writing about
Bigfoot fetishes okay so I I love all
these titles that it was actually
Huffington Post that found them all the
one was called two big feet
one big dot dot dot apparently this one
is is kind of a common theme but that
people are worried that it has racial
undertones captured by Bigfoot okay I
don't know why series I don't want to
even get into that
oh yeah anyway I don't think you're
ready for this Yeti okay it's not Yeti
too soon okay oh that I'm not done two
more no three more what book is called
Bigfoot depravity people are like I
don't care about your vet
have at it Hoss but I people endlessly
amuse me another one
hounded by President Bigfoot these are
books loser erotica yes apparently there
is a prolific erotica writer by the name
of Chuck tingle and he's of course
that's his name of course he's the one
who wrote pounded by President Bigfoot
and finally his last bestseller was
Bigfoot pirates haunt my balls no come
on I'm not making it up
thrilled that nothing has ever haunted
my boss let alone Bigfoot so back to
something serious for a second thank God
finally a Democrat fighting fire with
fire you know the Republicans make up
stuff about Democrats and just smear
them left and right left and right now
here's a Democrat by the way named
Cockburn Diablos are hard yeah no but
her last names Cockburn blame this story
yes story and I love it I love every
part of this yeah no but in all kidding
aside she's fantastic because and this
is a really interesting race fifth
district in Virginia is Charlottesville
and that is a district that had one of
the biggest anti-muslim bigot in in
Congress and then Tom Perry a wonderful
progressive one that back in the day
that district has gone back and forth so
it's actually a really important
district in the country and but Leslie
Cockburn it's got the right attitude
here which is know if you're right
Bigfoot Aronica I'm coming for you okay
you might be coming for Bigfoot but I'm
coming for you okay so she's I'm not
gonna let it go I'm I'm gonna tell
people that this is what you're into and
if they liked it and they had like Bravo
Bigfoot erotica enthusiast okay great
then they'll vote for you but god damn
right there it's time we started
fighting back right so I love her
attitude so you know I want to also be
clear about one other thing so in terms
of the Bigfoot erotica I think in the
old-school way of thinking as someone on
the left right mm-hmm it's like okay
well that doesn't harm anyone if that's
what he's into who cares why attack him
on that but that is exactly the type of
thing that Republicans would attack a
Democratic candidate or a Democratic
candidate over imagine if she'd written
Bigfoot erotica rial his ads would be
about Bigfoot erotic everyone every
single one and now he pretends to be
outraged please spare me exactly he put
pictures of his own head
he says military but his excuse for
everything his military brothels and
then with a giant big dot dot dot but
censored out and his picture on
Bigfoot's body and then the thing I mean
if a Democrat had done that oh you're
done in fact you know what it would
happen the Democratic Party would drive
that person out there like oh no oh no
it's gonna be a distraction distraction
please leave the party right away right
away right do a circular firing squad so
all right well two can play that game
exact so if you're in the big foot at
least that the voters deserve to know
they just deserve to know I mean and
we'll see if he wins that big footing
the bill okay okay ash Wang Wang Wang
any other White's fun story wanted to
start off with something different today
but with that said we do have a lot of
other news to get to so let's get
started a number of Trump administration
officials did a press briefing today on
the issue of the upcoming midterm
elections and the fact that yes Russians
are still trying to infiltrate and
meddle in our election especially this
upcoming one and it's important that
they address it because there has been
some mixed signals coming from the White
House specifically from Donald Trump
now this press conference seems to
attempt to do some damage control
following Donald Trump statements that
are highly favorable toward Russia but
nonetheless nonetheless what you're
about to hear from people like Dan
Coates the director of national security
is important and it does show you that
there are at least some administration
officials who are aware of this and are
attempting to do something about it
let's take a look we continue to see a
pervasive messaging
campaign by Russia to try to weaken and
divide the United States
okay so there's Dan Coates again that is
the director of national security
Kirsten Nielsen also was part of this
press briefing and she also addresses a
Russia here let's take a look at what
she has to say free and fair elections
are the cornerstone of our democracy and
it has become clear that they are the
target of our adversaries who seek is
the D and I just said to sow discord and
undermine our way of life so Jake I feel
like this press briefing is a little
surprising it's surprising to me because
it's one of the first times you see a
concerted effort by Trump administration
officials to really address this issue
and show that they're taking it
seriously Trump was not part of this
press briefing he didn't release any
statement in regard to what was said
during the briefing I just feel like
there's this damage control element to
all of this yes actually I don't find
the damage control weird I find other
things that were said weird in this
press conference it's fairly normal for
them to want to do damage control
because they have the intelligence they
know Russia is actively interfering even
Nilsen the person you just saw who a
previously had kind of poo pooed it is
now saying yeah and she had said earlier
just a couple of days ago reversing and
joining dan coates and others go no it's
really important it's serious and she
said the Russians have democracy in
there our democracy in their crosshairs
so now that's a person who was trying to
deny it earlier so apparently they have
seen some intelligence that has spooked
them if you will right and and so I like
what you said about free and fair
elections I mean it's by the way wolf
pack's
slogan is to restore free and fair
elections wolf dash pack.com you get
money out of politics and let me just
quick side note there note that you know
there are other people who interfere in
our elections I'm in the camp the
Russians have and I can't because of
overwhelming evidence in that regard but
corporation is also interfere on our
elections and so do other governments so
we should act out on all that but so
interesting part here is the way that
they were talking was a little
surprising a coach said that he is quote
not in a position to either understand
or fully or talk about what happened in
Helsinki mm-hmm so in other words he's
saying I wasn't briefed on what the US
president and the leader of Russia
talked about for two hours behind closed
doors even though he is the Director of
National Intelligence he sits on top of
the entire intelligence community and
the president won't tell him what he
told the Russian president for all that
time that is very strange I know we get
used to things in the Trump
administration that would otherwise be
startling but then he also went on to
say that I think the president has made
it abundantly clear to everybody who has
responsibility in this area that's an
awfully strange way of phrasing it so
why is that strange well couldn't the
president just yeah of course Dan Coates
is in charge and he's my Director of
National Intelligence or couldn't he
join or you know but for these guys to
come out and say it's okay we're in
charge and we are fighting back against
the Russians and Trump is not here but I
assure you he knows that we're the ones
who are responsible in this area yeah
I'm telling you there's something a
little strange about that so okay so I
want to be clear about what I meant in
my comments so I didn't see this press
briefing as damage control for Trump and
his reputation I saw it as damage
control for administration officials who
might be a little hesitant to speak out
against Trump or might refuse to
publicly openly transparently be
transparent and showing that they
disagree with him but I think that they
want to make abundantly clear that they
do see what's happening with Russia and
they are not in agreement with Trump
when he makes it seem as though Vladimir
Putin is not a threat or that the
Russian government is not a threat and
has never tried to meddle in our
elections I see
this is them trying to like message to
the American people no no we see what's
happening and we do take it seriously so
it's more damage control for themselves
than true yeah not normally any normal
administration would actually send these
people out to do damage control for
itself because they'd realize it was
such a stupid thing to do to say that
the Russians are right and we are wrong
but of course Trump doesn't see it that
way so that's why this split is
fascinating I want to show you two more
clips here and then I want to come back
to another quote that I found do to be
curious and that's by the FBI director
let's go to the next video here though
as I have said consistently Russia
attempted to interfere with the last
election and continues to engage in
malign influence operations to this day
so that's the FBI director Christopher
Rea explaining they're still doing it
right now in fact let me go to his
curious quote the other one when he said
there was he said I can assure the
American people that the men and women
of the FBI starting from the director
all the way on down are going to follow
our os-- and do our jobs mm-hmm so now
you might say hey Jake you're overeating
and it's possible right because he's
just saying look the president's
constantly attacking the FBI non-stop in
fact Sarah Huckabee Sanders whose
awkwardly present attacked FBI herself
just the other day right so it's a the
FBI director protecting the FBI that
makes sense but the way he phrased it
that I can assure everyone that we're
going to follow our oaths and do our job
it could be that this is just hey we all
got together and decided to do damage
control for our own careers for some
later date when we're out of the Trump
administration that's the way I see it
right and and that is the most likely
thing but for all them to get together
and to say yeah Trump's not here but
we're on it and we do take Russia
seriously and we're gonna follow our
oaths no matter what mmm I don't know I
I grant you that I really could be
reading too much into it but I did find
the wording from a couple of them to be
interesting
well regardless of what their true
intentions are and and if you take what
they're saying at face value meaning you
believe what they're saying it's a good
thing that you have some people in a
position of power who are acknowledging
this issue and attempting to find
solutions for it because look my concern
wasn't you know oh I want to go to war
with Russia or I don't want anything
like that I just want to make sure that
we secure and protect our elections and
so I was concerned that with Trump's
very cozy relationship with Putin
nothing was going to be done about this
very serious issue so I don't know what
these individuals are going to going to
do specifically to protect you know the
midterm elections from any interference
from Russia or any other country but
knowing that they are aware of this and
are at least acknowledging it and want
to do something about it
doesn't put my mind at ease completely
but it gives me a little bit of comfort
I want to show you the last clip here
because it's Dan Coates I read you the
quote but I want you let's all look at
it together to see how he said it about
what he knew and didn't know about the
the president meeting with Russia with
the right I don't know what happened in
that meeting I think as time goes by and
president has already mentioned some
things that happened in that meeting I
think we will learn more but that is the
president's prerogative so that was
earlier of course and and and he
continued along the same veins today but
as you look at that how could the
Director of National Intelligence not
know what happened in the meeting at all
now look one possible theory is no the
president's incompetent and just doesn't
do anything he's supposed to do as
president including sharing intelligence
about meeting with the Russian leader
for a long long time with his own
director shouldn't you at least debrief
and go here's what he said and what can
we get you know figure out from what
Putin said do it and and make sure that
we understand their motivations and
actions etc so that we can act and react
towards this country whether you
consider an adversary or not I mean
you'd want to huddle with your Director
of National Intelligence almost
immediately thereafter yeah right not
with not with Trump and and so one
possibility is he's just a buffoon right
the other process
he didn't want to tell this Director of
National Intelligence what he talked
about he went out of his way to ensure
that that conversation was as private as
possible there was only one other person
in the room and that was the interpreter
the translator and that's it
so Trump didn't want to have a
conversation about whatever it was that
he discussed with Putin look in any
other circumstance then someone might be
able to say okay yeah Trump's a buffoon
or the president is a buffoon and you
can't buy that in the context of this
whole Russia debacle with Trump yeah and
last thing is look we wanted to show you
that a clip from earlier when Coach
talked about that because you would
think all right look that was a little
closer to Helsinki when he said that and
you saw it on CNN there right even then
it's egregious and unbelievable and then
he said it in public that the Trump
wouldn't tell him what was in the
meeting so that's amazing but since then
Trump has had plenty of time to call him
in and go hey hey hey coach what are you
talking about here's what happened in
the meeting stop saying that stuff in
public that looks bad that looks weird
right so that's why I'm emphasizing that
today he still said quote I'm not in a
position to either fully understand
fully or talk about what happened in
Helsinki it's one thing to say I can't
comment on that I'm the director
hey that's Intel you know intelligence
and I can't talk to you about it but I'm
not in a position to understand it now
there's something super weird going on
and it might be look at now we're just a
speculation but that they have
intelligence about Trump that is not yet
public and so they want to go and have a
press conference and say we're gonna do
our jobs everybody be cool and right now
the president is not telling us what he
did with the Russians I don't know I
don't know we'll look we shared the
facts with you
I shared my analysis of over having seen
a lot of these press conferences what
seemed a little off to me and then the
rest is of course just conjecture and
but probably we'll all find out I don't
know whether it's soon but we'll find
out at some point
okay we have to take a quick break when
we come back we have incredible stories
including some more reporting from Emma
biglan videos are incredible you don't
want to miss it all right back on a
young turks a bunch of fun tweets here
Eric Rooney writes in first time this
morning in months watching TYT live I
forgot how goofy you guys are in
parentheses in a good way okay I miss
those days I miss those days where we
could do a ton of goofy stories because
yes ironically a goofy president has led
to disastrous stories exactly right but
I'm glad that you didn't think
afterwards yeah I wish we could reach
out to him and be like how are you how
you doing old man old friend we had
given him the nickname epic mountain man
yes but how could you imagine if we had
resources I'd go oh my god if we had TV
resources we would have so much fun I
would get no fun no no no no we would we
would we'd get it because those guys
have like money coming out like they can
do anything they want and they just sit
there and do nothing instead anyway
we bring an epic mountain man together
with Denver Riggleman after he loses the
election okay and have them talk Bigfoot
back and forth how is that it Bigfoot
big ideas you know what they say about
people with big feet did they have big
ideas
okay writes in damn Ana Kasparian with
the wind you're not ready for this Yeti
that's good epic all right great and
finally a mischief manager says whatever
happened to the lizard cam during the
commercial break I haven't seen
marijuana in a while is she / he okay
does she / she need help I don't know
what the marijuana is either by the way
yeah I don't either
although its skin transitions all the
time that's a whole nother thing and we
will assure you that the iguana is doing
very well and enjoys housing that is
probably better than the housing that
most of us live in well that's what you
sure but he ended with hashtag lizard
cake well okay I don't get him started
okay put shirts with Elle's on them okay
Helfer lizard gate what happened with
the lizard and does it have anything to
do with the deep state okay speaking of
which yesterday I had to start this
thing I'm not I'm you know I'm not sure
I put my back into it let's see what
happens does it go viral V for viral so
the goofy guys that are doing Q and on
goofy slash terrifying terrifying
exactly they're going around with Q
shirts so it's like okay let's go around
with V shirts so we put it up on chef
GUI t-dot-com okay how's that for simple
they have Q we have V no I feel like
they took a lot of time to come up with
a design yeah yeah working around the
clock so V for Vendetta V for Veritas V
for victory okay B for peace okay but
mainly for truth so show them that
there's more of us than there are of
them chopped uoit that come to get that
it's fun see what happens all right
what's next all right Robert Muller is
offering Donald Trump and his legal team
a new proposal in order to get Trump to
agree to an interview with Muller now
Trump has been urging his team to allow
for this interview he believes that he
has the ability to convince robert
muller that this whole investigation is
a witch-hunt
now this follows trumps numerous tweets
essentially tearing down robert muller
going after individuals tied to this
investigation now the team robert
Muller's team has offered the white
house a format changes perhaps he's even
willing to limit some of the questions
asked of President Trump or accept some
answers in writing so again Trump has
explicitly and publicly expressed a
desire to be interviewed but his lawyers
have repeatedly objected to the
investigators proposals
and just to remind everyone of what
Trump said about Muller and this
investigation just this week a couple
days ago this is a terrible situation an
attorney general Jeff session should
stop this rigged witch-hunt right now
before it continues to stain our country
any further he also said that Bob Muller
is totally conflicted okay yeah any
student dirty work I mean what a again
we have a man mad for a president okay
so I think what Robert mole is trying to
do is just lure him into the room and
and it's possible the president's
lawyers would tackle him if he try to
answer any question that was outside of
what they previously agreed to talk
about but you know Trump he thinks he's
a genius so he might just start
answering them and you also know Trump
although most of the professional
lawyers have already left so he's left
with a bunch of clowns I mean he runs a
three-ring circus so he's gonna bring of
course clowns and elephants kind of
literally with the Republicans to Muller
they're gonna be outmatched and so
Muller is thinking just anything please
yes come here come this way come this
way just a little further
sit down let's have a couple of
questions see what happens so my
inconceivable the Trump wouldn't
incriminate himself and wouldn't lie he
can't go two sentences without lying so
you just got to get him in the room my
read of this is a little different and
of course this is based on my perception
of the story and I could be wrong but
hear me out I think what's happening is
a trump doesn't really want to be
questioned by Bob Muller but perception
is everything and so saying I really
want to answer his questions I think I
should answer his questions but my legal
team my lawyers won't let me do it I
have nothing to be afraid of I have
nothing to hide but my lawyers won't let
me do it right yeah so Anna that it's a
great hypothesis but you're me I'm
afraid you're making the same mistake
everyone else's that empty guessing he
has a strategy when he doesn't he never
has a strategy you're assuming that he
thinks two steps ahead or once that bad
never he never thinks one step back I
agree with you on that however I think
some of the people surrounding him even
though they're some of the most
horrible people on the planet I think
some of them do think of strategies no
no of course yeah no no his lawyers
every lawyer that's been there is like
no way no way we're gonna let Trump
testify why cuz they know Trump they
deal with Trump all the time and they
know that he's a pathological liar he
would immediately perjure himself the
minute he walked in the door it doesn't
matter what you ask him if you tell ask
him hey is the sky blue you break it's
green it's a strong green a big green he
can't help himself so no they tackle him
before they let him into that room I'm
gonna talk about the lawyers even Rudy
is like no - I mean like we could we
could but we're not going to we're not
it's a perjury trap no but I think I
think the strategy was cooked up by his
team that's what I'm trying to say no I
hear you no okay so and I'll tell you
why this of course we're just guessing
here but number one he doesn't listen to
anybody he wouldn't listen to his team
okay and number two he in his incredibly
stupid mind actually believes he's
really really smart and so he thinks
I'll just go in there and I'm like a
smart person that's one of my two great
traits including being mentally stable
and so I will go and talk to Robert
mother and I'll out with him he I
guarantee you he thinks he's smarter
than Robert Muller and that he could
just talk mother out of it like you
every rational person goes even the
manga guy's like don't don't don't do
that don't do that you know no that's
not gonna work out right okay but Trump
and his head thinks I got him ladies and
gentlemen I got him so that's why his
lawyers are constantly like I mean he
could he could just hold him get the
other arm no no no you can't have him go
in the room but but he could kind of
yeah look Trump is a wild card so it's
I'm uncertain about the future I don't
know whether or not he's actually gonna
go through with it and you're right in
that once he has an idea in his head and
he thinks that he's gonna succeed in
executing that idea he's not gonna
listen to his legal team and he's gonna
go ahead and do what he wants to do with
that said though you are right in that
Muller seemed to be willing to do
anything just to get Trump in the room
to give you an example according to the
Washington Post Muller has proposed that
he might not even ask any questions
about actions Trump has taken as
president including his private
discussions with Comey so I mean if you
take
that off the table then yeah I mean it
definitely opens up more of a
possibility for Trump to be willing to
talk to him but anyway look the degree
to which Bob Muller and his team are
smarter than Donald Trump is
immeasurable scientists if they spent
their whole lives could not measure it
the Muller team would come in with
carefully crafted questions based on the
information they already have to try to
figure in to try to get Trump to answer
things that are essential ended and they
know my guess is that they know he did
it and they have a whole bunch of
evidence so the question is any question
they would ask him he would immediately
give a damning answer to they wouldn't
even have to ask him questions guns
blazing right like well why so you
somebody should have fired you mister
that's obstruction of justice right and
my name is not Donald Trump it's just
John Miller okay perjury keep on going
right yeah so I mean look I hope to god
that he does not listen to his attorneys
and I agree with the TV pundit that once
said like no that would be its criminal
negligence on the part of an attorney to
let Donald Trump testify under these
circumstances like anyone who knows
Donald Trump knows he will immediately
lie and get himself in much bigger
trouble so if I can see I think it's
grounds for disbarment okay but I hope I
hope that Trump does hey look and if
Trump's watching okay if somehow this is
replayed on Fox News okay now Donald are
you smarter than mother or aren't you
only one way to find out let's see how
it goes all right other news as we had
talked about recently on The Young Turks
Emma biglan was in Florida talking to
Trump supporters at a rally for De
Santis who has a gubernatorial bid in
Florida and we showed you a number of
different Trump supporters I would argue
that some of the videos that we showed
you yesterday included the more animated
supporters but I wanted to give you some
other examples of you know the people
who continue to support Trump and and
the REE
for why they love him so much so with
that said let's take a look at a young
Trump supporter who says that he
actually was against Obamacare that was
one of the things that turned him on to
trump and his presidential bid take a
look I watched throughout the election
and I just felt like I couldn't vote for
Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump based on
their experience and the reputation and
then once Donald Trump started doing
what he wanted to do and really got into
power
I noticed that everything that he said
he was gonna do he actually did so what
specifically did he do that spoke to you
he he reformed taxes he you know started
going against Obamacare because I didn't
really think that Obamacare was good for
the middle class do you think that
Medicare for all is a good option or do
you just want private insurance I
believe like you could do something a
similar to Canada where it is Medicare
there is a version of Medicare for all
but then they also have the ability to
have private health care if you choose
to pay for it hey I feel like that's
what Bernie Sanders is promoting right
now okay no no I see this I love this
because right-wingers do projection they
think like oh you guys are out there
trying to Punk them or troll them or
make fun of them no it's not true what
we're doing is we're putting a mic in
front of people and finding out why they
like Trump and and asking them
legitimate questions so it's not an a
like a steven crowder type of gotcha I'm
so clever and you're not so because look
at this that see that's enlightening for
all of us too now now one person doesn't
represent all the Trump supporters
obviously the crazy guy was showed
yesterday doesn't represent them this
kind of but overall you can begin to get
a sense right by the way in you should
watch that whole video and and it's on
rebel HQ on YouTube and Facebook and if
you get our app you get all that
programming really easy just go to get
TYT app to be able to watch all of it
but anyway in in earlier parts they were
most of the people answering were saying
why do you like Trump he's not a regular
politician and I was thinking like I
know it man like people in Washington
they love politicians because they're
their friends but they don't so they're
incapable of seeing how much the rest of
the country hates politicians
in fact when I say that they think I'm
being uncivil no I'm just telling you
the reality
dude don't like polishes it polishes
they dislike the most are slick
politicians so when they seem Donald
Trump with all of his rough edges
they're like yeah that's not a slick
politician okay and that part is true
can I let me just add something to that
that is important
so whenever Trump tweets and as you all
know there are all sorts of misspellings
grammatical errors lack of punctuation
the worst thing to do is to get on him
for that because that actually that is a
strategy that works with his voters
right because it makes him human it
makes him relatable he's not some
polished rehearsed politician I know and
but it's frustrating to me because look
if you are also misspelled Marine Corps
that's okay but you're not the president
right the president is supposed to be
smart
it's not a thing to brag about that
you're the guy you support is not very
bright and doesn't know how to spell so
okay but you're right about that they do
think that that makes them real okay so
now back to this guy look I don't sense
any malice from this guy and and he
really doesn't get it so and he doesn't
have the right information so first of
all he says Trump delivered on
everything no he didn't and he mainly
talked about draining the swamp and his
administration it is filled of the room
with corruption but this guy probably
didn't get the memo on probably 90% of
the scandals that Trump's do you think
that guy knows that Trump did a deal
with the Chinese to reopen ZTE and allow
them to come into the United States even
though they're a national security
threat because China gave a billion
dollars to a park in Indonesia that then
gave millions of dollars to Donald Trump
he doesn't know that if he knew that
you'd probably be outraged and then look
at what he says about health care they
say I don't like Obamacare why because
you're bombarded in Kostova media Obama
cares terrible Obama cares terrible but
not only that Obama care did have
massive failures yeah and it has really
Shuzhen to be fair to him etc right and
so what system do you like he likes the
one in Canada oh my god that's what
progressives want right and
fact that's why mana care for all polls
a 60% or higher because a lot of
Republicans and a ton of independents
also really liked it even the mainstream
presses they're attacking Medicare for
all like The Associated Press that a
terrible job the other day Wall Street
Journal again did it today
etc they the AP had to be grudgingly say
it is incredibly popular with
independents for some reason right
yeah because people want health care
it's not that complicated and and so to
close the loop Trump in the campaign
said that he would give everyone health
care and it would be cheaper not what he
what when when he went to destroy
Obamacare he did not propose an
alternative so he would not have done
that he would have done the exact
opposite but this guy I bet you he
genuinely believes that trumps proposal
would have given everyone health care
just like Canada and we would have given
them options but it's not remotely true
also you know when Emma asked him to be
specific in terms of what Trump did
follow through on he mentioned tax
reform which you know anyone who paid
close attention knows that there really
wasn't tax reform there were tax cuts so
Trump promised that even if he lowers
the corporate tax rate he'd get rid of
loopholes so you know these corporations
actually pay their fair share of taxes
because the effective taxes that
corporations were paying was around
seventeen percent because of all these
loopholes well he didn't close those
loopholes you know what he did he
actually limited deductions that people
living in blue states can take advantage
of and people in the middle class can
take advantage of so for instance if
you're living in a state that has state
taxes you can no longer deduct that from
your taxes so one last thing about that
I mean again it goes to did he really
deliver in the campaign he was smart
well smart or otherwise he he said hey
I'm gonna go after the loophole that
allows the hedge fund and private equity
guys to pay the least amount of taxes
now that's true that is an egregious
thing and he I didn't believe him for a
second because I know that he's a
pathological liar and I know that he was
just trying to get boats but it is a
savvy way of trying to get votes so guys
like that probably heard that ago like
oh yeah way to go get the hedge fund
guys did he actually do it of course
not he left it in there he said he'd
negotiate drug prices did he do that for
you of course not anything that helps
the rich and powerful he lied about and
never did but they never got the memo
that's why it's not like people make the
very wrong assumption oftentimes
especially on TV they think that the
average Trump voter or the average voter
a period in the country knows all the
things they know and they like Trump
anyway no they don't know 80% of that
stuff so and look and it's a mixed bag
it's a mixed bag so let's show you the
mixed bag because there are plenty of
people who do know what's going on but
they support him regardless and so the
next video is an example of that let's
take a look Donald Trump being a
businessman has used his knowledge and
gotten rid of the corruption that's been
in Washington for a long time he's
making smart sound decisions sometimes
maybe not the right wording but he's
trying to run the country like a
business and he's setting us on the
right path to prosperity you don't worry
about the bankruptcies at all in his
past
everybody's had problems in the past and
they've become rich you got to go
through ups and downs and he's come out
of it every time and he's a proven
winner see but he doesn't know either
right so he leaves Trump's running the
country like a businessman no he's not
he's running it like an idiot there's
nothing that he's done that would give
you a sense that he's business savvy he
doesn't know the details of the six
bankruptcies he doesn't know that he
borrowed at a 14 percent interest rate
which no rational businessman would
borrow at he doesn't know that he
bankrupted casinos which is nearly
impossible right he doesn't know that
his dad actually gave him two hundred
million dollars and he bungled his way
through it he doesn't know that he
basically did money laundering for the
Russians after the six bankruptcies to
get himself back up on his feet and so
that he thinks might I don't know he
looks like a billionaire and everybody
tells me he's a billionaire he's got to
be a smart businessman it's running the
country well like a businessman I think
that is I think that there is a
significant portion of Trump supporters
who will be confronted by the very facts
that you mentioned and they will
excuses for him that is exactly what
happened when Emma mentioned the
bankruptcy she made excuses for him well
everybody goes through a tough time when
they're trying to get rid no no they
don't not like it's not common for
people to go bankrupt six times it's
just not after inheriting a ton of money
so anyway one bankruptcy maybe two is
some how you recover six the house
always wins
unless it's run by Donald Trump he
destroyed one of the most rock-solid
principles that is certainly in the game
casino in gambling world he lost one
it's impossible what he's done he is a
buffoon I mean this guy look you're
right Anna
they make excuse after excuse but if
they knew what we know about his actual
bungling I think that they would be
shocked they would probably think no for
one they wouldn't believe it they don't
know you're lying you're fake news right
I can't be can't be I this guy's
attached to my identity now it can't be
right but if you actually convince them
that that was real I think they would be
dumbstruck they'd be like wow really I
don't know I disagree with you and we'll
keep showing you videos you guys can
decide for yourself let's take a look at
the next one so what attracted you to
Trump in 2016 and has he lived up to
your expectations absolutely if not
above and beyond
I believe specifically policy-wise what
has spoken to you economically I mean I
think he's you know I mean he says what
he says and he gets it done and I
believe it I think it may be he might
get a Nobel Prize for to see he says
what he says and he doesn't like classic
politicians he might get a Nobel Prize
that's okay no biggie he doesn't know
there's no bail that's no big deal at
all and and but why why does he say that
because Trump keeps saying it and the
other Republicans say it so he heard
that Trump already solved North Korea
he's about to get a Nobel Prize because
he already got peace with North Korea
well but that isn't true he got nothing
out of the North Korea negotiations and
North Korea just earlier this week is
building missiles we met our
intelligence says they're building
missiles that could and and am stop
their nuclear program at all but he
thinks
about to get a Nobel Prize okay so
here's my question to you what what are
members of the media is supposed to do
when you're dealing with a group of
people who have this blind trust in a
politician like this is this is the
thing that makes me feel like this job
is is not effective in change and I know
that's being super pessimistic right but
you on one hand you have news outlets
take us out of the equation just any
news outlet that's credible and
legitimate you can't just skate
something without evidence to back it up
you know if you're a true journalist you
have the evidence you have the data you
have the statistics to back it up and so
you have the press making its case just
giving you the information with that
data and then you have Trump who it just
says things and then his supporters take
it as base value so if there's all this
blind trust in Trump then what good is
it I mean it is important to do
journalism I'm not trying to minimize
that but in terms of reaching out to
these voters no I totally disagree and
I'll tell you why oh okay no no Hannah
look but that's why I get so frustrated
with the mainstream media and why I got
so frustrated with Hillary Clinton in
the kind of campaign this year and
because what do you hear non-stop on
cable news Trump's a bad guy Russia he
did a bad tweet and he attacked people
and he shouldn't attack people do you
hear non-stop about his six bankruptcies
did you hear about all the details of it
during the campaign
no no Hillary Clinton never talked about
it the press never talked about it
that's why I did the loser Donald Sears
some like isn't anybody gonna tell
people how incompetent this guy is that
he can't run a business if his life
depended on it
yeah and they never told them they never
told that yeah you know what you're
right you're right and and it's not just
what happened leading up to election day
it's what's happening now you're right
they do focus too much on things that
don't really speak to voters so I'll
give you an example of something that
I've been yelling about on no filter on
a regular basis and no one in the
mainstream press talks about this
everyone pretends like the economy is
great joblessness is down everyone's
working everything's great no it's not
no it's
look the stock market artificially
inflated yeah there's a low unemployment
rate but wages are super stagnant they
remain stagnant people are drowning in
debt right everyone's talking about the
GDP and how it was 4.1 percent in the in
the last quarter right in the last
quarter which is great but people took
out so much debt to actually stimulate
the economy and buy products they don't
talk about those things and they don't
even kind of look on almost every one of
those issues so did when they pass a tax
cut did you see all over cable news hey
with this does not include getting rid
of the hedge fund loophole the Trump
talked about non-stop during the
campaign I've actually you never saw
that on cable news if you saw it they
mentioned CNN mentioned it once and then
they were done with it then they were
back to the tweets and then he doesn't
like these kind of people doesn't like
that kind of people but these folks look
so the to your point earlier point Anna
some of them really really don't know
and some of them do know that he doesn't
like XY and Z and kind of like that
about him yeah and so so you the press
and Hillary during the campaign
accidentally reinforce the things they
like about Trump that he's not a regular
politician he's a regular Schmo in a
sense but at least his intelligence
right and and that he doesn't like the
same people they don't like but they
never told you what a buffoon he is
whether and how he never delivers on his
promises see by the way what is it
bankruptcy and it happens to people I
totally get it I'm not trying to judge
right but it is not delivering on your
promise in a sense and and it should be
heartbreaking it should be something
like it like as a business person or is
it regular person who's really god I
wish that hadn't happened instead Trump
goes run go that's a smart business
thing to do that means it's a smart
thing to do to screw over people who
trusted you
Yeah right look there are obviously
different types of bankruptcies and so
there are people you know middle-class
Americans working-class Americans who
have done everything right and then they
get sick yes because our health care
system is so screwed up they go bankrupt
they lose everything that is very
different from someone who was passed on
a tremendous amount of wealth from his
father
and then squandered it in in nonsensical
investments and bad deals when you when
your family's devastated by an illness
and you go personally bankrupt all right
that anyone who judges you does not
understand the conditions that Americans
actually live under but if you had two
hundred million dollars given to you by
your daddy and like an idiot you decided
to start three different casinos in the
same city which then bankrupted each one
of them that's a different story
that's a bankruptcy because you were a
terrible terrible business person every
one of them his advisers warned him why
would you start three casinos in the
same city they're gonna cannibalize each
other and you're paying too high an
interest rate and he's like I got it
they'll all say Trump on it
so look past these videos on to your
friends your family people who don't
know the reality
so I guess cable news isn't gonna cover
it enough so pass these on to your dad
your mom your uncle whoever you think
needs to hear the reality of what Donald
Trump actually is yeah let's take a
break when we come back Ivanka Trump
speaks out against some of trumps
policies and will tell you which one's
your right in the middle of this podcast
we got another great segment coming up
for you if you'd like to full show which
is actually five segments go to TYT
Network com sighs join you become member
you support the show you support
independent media and you get the whole
to our show ad free every day let's go
do it
all right back on young turks everybody
remember alexandra concert cortez
hosting the first hour with us tomorrow
on the power panel so don't miss that
it's obviously at 6:00 p.m. Eastern
everybody knows 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern is
one of the show is tell your mom tell
your friends tell Randy Gonzalez
I switched that up a little bit okay
Maxwell Krystle writes it on YouTube
super chat god I agree with Anna here
it's a situation where you're talking
about fighting someone but unfortunately
your friends are holding you back so
your hands are tied referring to trump
testifying or not air with muller agree
to disagree on anna being right aj
Beamish right said on twitter using
hashtag TYT live there is no excuse for
ignorant in the age of information Trump
supporters choose not to know I don't
agree with that one either
you'd be surprised that then like if you
live their lives which god help you
you'd be surprised that the information
that they receive i don't think that
they i don't think it ever occurred to
them to go to alternate bubbles are real
and and that is a modern-day issue that
i don't think has been addressed enough
there haven't been any solutions for it
when you're on social media when you're
on Google you are shown things that
these platforms believe you want to see
and so if you have a left-leaning
ideology or a right-leaning ideology
you're gonna be surrounded by you know
the same perspectives the same types of
articles that agree with what you your
preconceived notions so that is a real
problem but with that said I do think
that there is a certain level of
ignorance that people choose in their
lives you know I hear you but I actually
that's why when conservatives say oh we
saw you guys are okay I actually like
that a lot because hey at least you're
watching so come watch us on election
night in 2018 come watch us on Tuesday
which is a giant primary night and you
might accidentally learn something so
that's why I always say like share the
stream share the videos sharing is
caring especially with people who don't
agree break through through through
their thought bubbles
alright what's next okay during a recent
Axios event Ivanka Trump was asked a
question about the media and what she
thinks about it take a look a number of
our pals here I'm the president do you
think the word that and in the end
people sorry no I do not know I don't I
I mean I I certainly I certainly have
III can share my own personal
perspective I've I've certainly received
my fair share of reporting on me
personally that I know not to be fully
accurate so I've you know had some I
have some sensitivity around why people
have concerns and and gripe especially
when they're sort of feel targeted but
no I do not feel that the media has the
enemy of the people okay
so bless her heart finally saying
something that isn't exactly what her
dad says and she was supposed to be a
moderating influence and at least on
this she's speaking her mind and being
accurate and I actually don't have any
problem with how she stated it so she
says look they haven't covered me fully
accurately they I don't think that the
press has ever covered anybody fully
accurately that's okay I think that most
of them are trying their best and and an
Egret if they did cover accurate leaves
you might not like their coverage and
hence say that and it's okay to think
that the press has a certain perspective
or a bias etc but calling them enemy of
the people is dangerous and
authoritarian and unamerican so at least
she doesn't do that so a Buster Hardin
and now I could see cuz that you almost
never hear her actually talk she's
always in the background because her
voice would make you think that she
talks all day she sounds like she's
losing her voice but what I just did I
just want to say that no I don't think
that speak up speak up and speak faster
oh that's funny you say so difficult to
say no in room and there's gonna be a
weird but you remind me of Obama and
yeah
and the reason for that is because
thoughtful people pause before speaking
and and so Obama did a lot at Ivanka
does and and that's why it was like
weird to have a Trump speak that isn't a
total idiot so that's what I was gonna
say of course Trump thinks that she's
the smartest person in the family cuz
she actually thinks she speaks and she
speaks in complete sentences right I
mean you've heard Eric Trump you've
heard Donald Trump jr. you've heard
Donald Trump senior they're a mess so
when she actually speaks like an
intelligent human being the Trump family
most oh look at fancy pants they're with
correct English all right well there's
another media angle that I want to get
to so let's do that
Donald Trump is known for aggressively
attacking the media he refers to them as
fake news more importantly he refers to
the press as enemy of the people
and so there have been members of Fox
News who have also fed into that and now
it's having real ramifications real
consequences for journalists who are out
there simply trying to do their jobs a
recent example was when Jim Acosta the
political reporter for CNN went to a
rally in Florida Tampa Florida that
Trump was speaking at and while he was
there trying to cover the event a number
of people harassed him yelled at him
shouted at him and he shared video of
those interactions on his Twitter page
he also said the following just a sample
of the sad scene we faced at the Trump
rally in Tampa I'm very worried that the
hostility whipped up by Trump and some
in conservative media will result in
somebody getting hurt we should not
treat our fellow Americans this way the
press is not the enemy so something
interesting happened after a costume
made all of this apparent kind of spoke
out about it on social media hannity
came to his defense so let's take a look
at what hannity had to say on fox it's
why we call them the destroy trump press
now CNN's chief White House
correspondent Jim Acosta he
one of them one of the worst offenders
and the crowds at last night's Trump
rally in Tampa Florida well they told
him in person what they think of him in
his Network Jim Acosta shared his fear
of Trump supporters and he tweeted out
quote just a sample of the sad scene we
faced at the Trump rally in Tampa I am
very worried that the hostility whipped
up by Trump and some in conservative
media will result in somebody getting
hurt
we should not treat our fellow Americans
this way the press is not the enemy Jim
I'm a pretty prominent conservative in
the country let me say this clearly and
loudly I want every journalist in this
country every one I don't care who you
work for to be safe and I'll tell you
right now I will be the first person to
come to your defense if I'm there and
anyone ever dares lay a hand on you if I
was standing there I see it happen I
will be the first person to jump in and
fight on your behalf
physical violence is never acceptable to
me nor is it acceptable to the
Conservatives I know and respect and let
me also be clear if you are conservative
and by the way you ever threaten anyone
you're not a friend of mine you're not a
friend of this program okay so I see
respect Hannity for doing that I think
he did a pretty good job with that
please all right we can disagree about
that in a second but the part I didn't
agree with was no conservative I know a
respect would resort to violence oh
really
you've been paying have you been paying
attention how about when Trump says at
the rallies go take him out I'll pay
your legal bills attack and punch him in
the face and your I mean all you do is
fawn over Donald Trump what do you mean
no Reserve ative you know a respect
would encourage violence the president
does it all the time in fact in the end
of that video that we just showed you he
said if you ever threaten anyone you're
not a friend of mine so now that we know
that about Hannity what would he say to
this video this guy started screaming by
himself and they did I don't know rough
up he should have been maybe should have
been roughed up because it was
absolutely disgusting what he was doing
get them out try not to hurt them if you
do I'll defend you in court don't worry
about in the good old days this doesn't
happen because they used to treat them
very very rough and when they protested
once you know if they would not do it
again so easily part of the problem and
part of the reason it takes so long is
nobody wants to hurt each other anymore
right we have wonderful security guys
they said mr. Trump there may be
somebody with tomatoes in the audience
so if you see somebody getting ready to
throw a tomato knock the crap out of
them would you seriously I will pay for
the legal fees I promise do you know
what they used to do to guys like that
when they were in a place like this
they'd be carried out on a stretcher
folks he's walking out like your big
high fives smiling laughing like to
punch him in the face I'll tell you
okay so uh but okay you rest your case I
hear you
so Hannity is deeply disingenuous when
he says he doesn't want anyone
threatening anyone he's in love with
Donald Trump and we just showed you the
tape it's open-and-shut case
but I still liked it Hannity at least
goes out and says don't hurt him don't
touch him don't do anything physical
because I mean listen to everything Fox
News says so maybe it it helps him bring
it back a couple inches and they moved
it forward 'el many yards and miles I
hear you on that but he did at least say
the right thing there and but I want to
be clear too I think look I've said this
a lot of times because it's true it's
not a black and white issue it's not you
either say the press is wonderful and
everything that you do is great and just
the mainstream news is terrific
and don't criticize it or they're the
enemy of the people and somebody should
do something violent to them right no
the answer is yes it's totally within
balance to point out the perspective of
the press and to even be mad about it
the press has been rooster bernie
sanders and and yes bernie sanders
crowds boost CNN just as much and i
don't mind that at all but i mean what
with liberals we're gonna do through
Birkenstocks at the press no they're not
gonna you know the liberals aren't gonna
do anything and nor does Bernie Sanders
or anybody else encourage them with ugly
talk like they're the enemy of the
people and you know and after a Capitol
Gazette and five people were murdered
Trump still refers to them as enemy of
the people okay and let's also be clear
look that segment with Hannity is all
fine hunky-dory if he actually put
action behind the words that he's you
know uttering in that segment because
the fact of the matter is he has been
not only very complimentary toward Trump
every time he attacks the media he
himself has engaged in the exact same
type of rhetoric that you see from Trump
and if you don't believe me of course we
have a montage proving that as well
let's go to video 9 I'm skipping ahead
now the media in this country is zero
credibility we have known this for over
a decade they are frauds they are
partisan hacks pretty much all they do
is power
liberal political talking points attack
president Trump 24/7 yeah I'm not
surprised I become a 24/7 target they
hate conservatism they hate anybody that
dares to challenge their rigid radical
left-wing ideology they hate you their
radicals they hate the president I mean
come on no but that's different than
enemy of the people and punch them in
the face so look I I think that what
conservatives have done in attacking the
media as liberal is deeply corrosive and
and I don't believe they want to make
the press better I think they want to
destroy the press and replace it with
Hannity's propaganda unlike us we want
to actually make the press better and
actually report the reality instead of
just calling everything neutral because
neutrality is the enemy of reality but
that's not right it's a different league
to call them enemy of the people
okay sure okay I'll give you that it's
different to call them enemy of the
people but listen to what he's doing
there right this whole fake news
narrative I mean what Fox is is
essentially state-sponsored media they
might not be getting money from the
federal government but they're certainly
sponsored by by Trump they're certainly
applauded by Trump non-stop and so like
the narrative that you keep hearing from
right-wing media over and over again is
don't trust the legitimate sources don't
trust evidence don't trust facts don't
trust anything you hear or see only
trust us
only trust Trump that is also incredibly
dangerous right especially when he might
not be saying enemy of the people there
but what he does imply over and over
again is the media hates you
the media hates you for supporting Trump
and I think that that plays into the
same thing that you hear Trump saying
over and over again about the media and
how they are the enemy of the people
last thing they do fine these are all
things that are important and real and
things to take into consideration but at
some point you do have to criticize the
press you've got to find at the correct
balancing act because the press does
have a bias and they don't know it they
don't they don't have bad intent I don't
like the right-wing I mean you're right
that
and in these languages dangerous Anna
because he is putting bad intent on them
which makes people angrier and want to
take action against them saying oh
they're they're trying to do this and
this deceive you it said they're trying
to deceive you no they're not they're
fabricating writings they but in my
opinion the mainstream press has a deep
establishment bias they are for the
status quo so when you say hey would
like to help the average American every
time almost every outlet will say it's
that's not practical it's not pragmatic
we can afford Wars and I'm never gonna
ask about the cost of wars we can afford
trillions of dollars in tax cuts but how
dare you try to give healthcare to the
American people just like every other
developed country and they will attack
progressive ideas consistently and to
some degree viciously yeah but it's not
because there's secret the reporters are
secret conservatives and they can't wait
to help the rich it's groupthink and
they've been taught no your sean hannity
calls you liberal make sure you you know
really go after the liberals and and the
status quo is great it's great
politicians with lots and lots of money
that they got they took from
corporations they got bribed to take
that's wonderful they're honorable
gentlemen it's group thing so we do have
to call that out strongly but there is
there's a really important line and I
think that they and Trump Hannity is
over the line I hear what you're saying
I like that he at least walked it back
to try to get to the right side of the
line by saying don't do anything
physical
Trump has never been anywhere near the
right side of the line he's way
overboard to begin with and now by
openly encouraging violence against the
press by calling them enemy that what do
you do with enemy of the people what
does the government do with any of the
people he's the head of the government
he's way past that line and he is a
danger to our Constitution into our
republic and also just one other fact
that I want to point out one day before
Hannity did that defense of Acosta he
one day before I should say he did that
defense of Acosta he was on Fox News and
she said that Acosta deserved the
harassment he got so I don't know if he
changed his tune because maybe there was
a little bit of backlash but either way
actions speak louder than words and so
it takes more than just defending Acosta
in one segment to actually change the
minds of some of the more unhinged Trump
supporters who actually want to carry
out you know acts of intimidation or
violence all right we gotta take a break
we'll be back thanks for watching or
listening to this free version of The
Young Turks podcast you know that the
full show is at TYT Network comm slice
join if you become a member you're the
full show ad free we love you for
watching or listening either way there's
gonna be a new free podcast tomorrow you
can keep on doing that but if you want
to get the full show ad free TYT Network
comm slash join
