and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more Alex
Jones is facing lawsuits pertaining to
false statements that he has uttered on
his program Infowars now this particular
lawsuit has to do with the parents who
lost their children as a result of the
Sandy Hook shooting in Newtown
Connecticut so lawyers wrote Noah Posner
his parents will seek to convince a
Texas judge that they and by extension
the families of eight other victims in
the 2012 shooting have a valid
defamation claim against Jones who's
Infowars
Media operation spread false claims that
the shooting was an elaborate hoax now
they have been harassed ruthlessly by
people who listen to Alex Jones and
watch Infowars so in and I'll give you
an example of how their lives have been
destroyed as a result in the five years
since Noah Posner was killed at Sandy
Hook elementary death threats and online
harassment have forced his parents to
relocate seven times they now live in a
high-security community hundreds of
miles from where their six-year-old is
buried ok so they want to go visit their
six-year-olds grave but are unable to do
so because they're unhinged maniacs who
follow the biggest unhinged maniac and
think that this is an elaborate hoax to
take guns away from people every time
they move somebody that's involved in
spreading the conspiracy theories
publishes their street address so and
then there are people who show up etc I
mean they lost their kids in a massacre
and then they have to live with this the
rest of their lives so I mean some of
his unhinged stuff is funny cuz he's
such a lunatic but this isn't funny this
is terrible he's a despicable human
being
these parents reached out to YouTube to
get these videos taken down and then he
goes on unhinged rants about how YouTube
took those videos down and so that's
actually important evidence because in
order to prove defamation you have to
prove that you know the individual
accused of death
knowingly was spreading false
information to ruin the reputations of
people destroy the lives of people and
so that could be used against him in
court now with that said he's continued
on with nonsense conspiracy theories
last week he actually broadcast a
bizarre accusation that Robert Muller
was involved in a child sex ring because
he didn't learn anything from pizza gate
right of course he's still talking about
pizza gate today and I sure he did so
here is part of the broadcast where he
accuses Muller of being part of this
child sex ring they'd let Mueller rape
kids in front of people what she did me
Muller covered up for a decade for
Epstein kidnapping kids flying him on
sex planes some kids as young as seven
years old reportedly with big perverts
raping him to frame people I mean
Mueller is a monster man God imagine
he's even above the pedophiles though
Lord is he doesn't have sex with the
kids he just controls it all do you
imagine being a monster like God God God
all people say well God aren't you
scared of him I'm scared of not Manning
up I'm constantly in fear that I'm not
being a real man and I'm not doing what
it takes and I'm not telling the truth
and so call it whatever you want I look
at that guy he's a sack crap that's
demon I will take down or I'll die
trying
so that's it gonna happen when I walk
out the square politically high noon and
he's gonna find out when he makes the
move man make the move first in him it's
gonna happen it's not him not a joke
it's not a game it's the real world mmm
politically you're gonna get it or I'm
gonna die trying
get ready I'm done I'm done having
conversations about whether or not you
know online social media platforms
should ban this content this is not a
free speech issue this does not this is
not protected speech hate speech
protected right this is not protected
this is flat-out defamation this is
inciting violence he is a bad person and
this annoying conversation and debate
with Mark suck
about whether or not info worship should
exist on Facebook is driving me crazy
this is not a good person this is not a
free speech issue so look today he said
that Obama sleeps with ten dudes a day
and again some of it is so weird that
it's amusing he says that that Obama is
I was into $65,000 worth of succulent
hot dogs and I don't know what that
means he says Amtrak is not a train okay
I actually think it is a train so okay
now having said all that look that stuff
that he did with Muller and what he does
with the pauses is abhorrent so he threw
in politically a couple of times to
cover himself but he's doing the gun
motion there and more important than
that even before he talked about gunning
him down at high noon he said I'm afraid
I'm not doing enough to stop this
monster this devil now the last part of
it is look Muller is at least a guy who
was a head of the FBI in presumably I
hope knows how to protect himself but he
doesn't the regular people like the
positive kids were killed in that
massacre he went on an hour-long tirade
and angry rant against this individual
the citizen that it doesn't have a
decent way to protect himself his
six-year-old was murdered and now you're
encouraging people one of the things
that he did was called Infowars
broadcast in April 2017
the Sandy Hook vampires exposed any
Ryles people up I mean you saw the video
for yourself it's obvious what he's
trying to do there are monsters among us
and it's not robert muller and it's not
the positives it's this guy
young turks two easy ways for young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
