okay obstruction of justice is a crime
what does it mean how do you obstruct
justice well there's a couple different
ways that you could do it you could do
witness tampering where you try to
influence the witnesses to testify on
your behalf in a way that isn't true
you could try to influence the judge you
could do it through money you could do
through threats
you could try to influence the
prosecutor and get them to stop the case
these are all obstruction of justice
well in the case of the federal
government and Donald Trump there is an
active legal investigation of him by the
Special Counsel Robert Muller if you try
to influence the people who are his
bosses or in essence the prosecutors
that is obstruction of justice now
listen to this tweet that Donald Trump
just said this is a terrible situation
and Attorney General Jeff Sessions
should stop this rigged witch hunt right
now before continues to stay in our
country any further he just told the
lead prosecutor in the country the
Attorney General the head of the Justice
Department to stop an investigation of
himself that's the definition of a
obstruction of justice he just committed
a crime within a tweet I'll finish the
rest of the tweet for you Bob Muller is
totally conflicted in his 17 angry
Democrats that are doing his dirty work
are a disgrace to the USA now he goes on
and on e tweets more and he keeps
calling them angry Democrats what in
fact I don't know if everyone in
Moeller's investigation as a Republican
what we do know is anyone we know their
political affiliation within Muller's
team is in fact a Republican the ones we
don't know I don't know if they're
Republicans or Democrats but every
public figure Robert Muller is a
Republican obviously Jeff Sessions is a
Republican appointed by Donald Trump
Rose assigns the Republican the head of
the FBI Christopher razor Republican
Comey was a Republican when this all
began and it goes on and on and any
other investigator that we know within
Mulder's team the ones that we know are
all Republicans so it's of course
another gigantic lie as usual Donald
Trump and look for him to just literally
say out loud in public mr. Attorney
General please stop his investigation of
me
one as I've always told you he's
incredibly stupid and people get inside
their own heads trying to figure out
what his strategy is why would you do a
crime in public why would you do
obstruction of justice in public what is
he thinking he's not thinking anything
he's such a simpleton he's like I don't
know this is my Attorney General doesn't
he work for me can I just order him I'm
just gonna order him wha why would I
want my a guy doing an investigation of
me to find out my crimes I don't want
that okay I'm just gonna that's not how
our system works he's not your attorney
general he's our attorney general he's
the Attorney General of the United
States of America he's the top law
enforcement official in this country
he's not your personal attorney but of
course Donald Trump is a too stupid to
understand that concept has never
understood it and no one has the
temerity to explain it to him because he
gets so mad and he's so thin-skinned and
he's so deeply insecure number two he
doesn't understand that saying that out
loud is a crime man you moron if you
wanted to obstruct an investigation
there's actually a thousand smarter ways
to do it where could be more effective
and more subtle but when you do it
publicly
now if Attorney General Jeff Sessions
agrees with you and maybe he does
because he's a deep deep right winger
he's as right-wing as there is in the
country now you put him in an untenable
situation that if he agrees with you
publicly he's committing a crime god
Trump is so monumentally stupid and
thank God by the way thank God that when
fascism came to this country came in the
form of an orange moron so the second
thing is the walls are closing in guys
that he's every tweet is more panic than
the last every day is more panic than
the last
why do you think he's panicking because
he didn't do it which person in the
right mind thinks that like oh no if I
didn't do it there was all this evidence
of people who worked with me who are now
working with prosecutors I would panic
too okay maybe maybe if you're a really
nervous guy but overall every indication
it seems to be oh no Michael Cote is
giving evidence in man
or it's on trial and all these guys have
turned on me and they know what I did
fire fire mole
whatever you do fire the prosecutors
fire the prosecutors that's a cold stone
panic and that's what you're seeing
there now he never wind up building the
wall but it turns out the walls are
closing in on him anyway
