dr. carlson thinks her son playing with
a barbie is literally causing steep
civilizational decline a handful of
parents across america are deliberately
keeping their children's sexes hidden
and instead raising so called babies the
idea is that only the children
themselves should be able to decide
whether they are boys or girls
now before we go down this rabbit hole
let me just explain to you quickly that
this baby stuff is completely overblown
and the basic premise is just letting
your children naturally interact with
things that spark their interest with
our traditional gender norms like
letting your daughter play with action
figures or letting your son be a
princess for Halloween if he wishes
sucker of course won't tell you any of
that at all and instead brings on this
clown Cathy ruined this whole liberal
Sherpa segment to talk about important
things that are obviously true that
liberals definitely care about like
liberals want to man the word man but in
this episode Tucker's gonna ask
important hypotheticals like if you're
gonna raise a baby how would you be able
to change your child's diaper because
the second you change the diaper of
course she'd no longer be able to
pretend that there was a question about
whether this was a boy or girl you would
now I can't believe this video got more
than 20 million views so interesting
that this is causing a civilizational
decline and yet Tucker seems woefully
inept at covering inappropriately so a
little way more qualified professional
explain this concept a trans veteran who
trains medical professionals on these
matters but most importantly my
moderator on twitch basically the idea
of like raising your kids without
gendered stereotypes and expectations
goes awkward it acts like the original
feminist movement and then continues to
pick up stronger roots with like the
hippie movement but it didn't become a
hot topic now until trans identities
became a hot topic now because everyone
is just so offended and hurt that
somebody might not like being called a
boy or a girl
that destroys so many people's entire
worldview and tuckers not here for that
so instead of asking a trans person or
even the hipster Portland family
engaging in this weird PR tour about how
they're raising their children he
launches these kind of dumbass questions
at Kathy aru you know at some point
they're gonna drop trou and look down
and say wait we look different you're
gonna be like no you don't you're
exactly the same
and that's when the child they say is
around four years old so around zero to
four we're not going to say to a little
female a girl that your little princess
or boy you're such a tiger the labels
are gone this is so stupid first of all
the hell is a baby know about being
called gender-neutral pronouns between
the ages of 0 & 4 well so what kind of
enforcement do you think will happen
here you think Xander's parents are
gonna come to your house and take your
baby away if you don't let your boy wear
pink also if gender norms are so rigid
and indestructible then your boy should
come out the traditional masculine
he-man you always wanted regardless of
what he plays with right or are you
worried that gender and sexuality aren't
as binary as you claim they are Tucker
parents have been trying wild parental
techniques is the beginning of time and
some I agree with like teaching your
child the importance of hard work while
building their confidence and some I
find ridiculous like pole dancing
classes for babies are extreme
breastfeeding and some that are
genuinely harmful like beating the crap
out of your child or not vaccinating
your child which brings me to my final
point I have many children I had them
all vaccinate I'm not against vaccines
but I am for asking since your questions
all of a sudden you're not allowed to
ask since your that's Tucker having
anti-vaxxer Robert F Kennedy jr. on to
simply ask questions you know I'm gonna
have a flat earther on to ask questions
seems like a lot of authorities on
subjects only if there are nutjobs
promoting conspiracies like the idea
that we shouldn't vaccinate our children
but again Tucker's got that covered for
himself just not for you I'm a sob tiger
if you're sick and tired of this baby
coverage being completely overblown
please share this video with your
friends please don't forget to leave
your thoughts in the comment section
below also download the TYT app for more
videos like this the Android one is
coming soon and this has been the
breakdown
