this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm US intelligence has
discovered that North Korea is building
new liquid fuel powered intercontinental
ballistic missiles now the distinction
you know indicating that these are
liquid fuel powered is important because
if they are liquid fuel power that means
that the weapons need some lead time in
order to be deployed but it still
indicates that North Korea is continuing
on with developing weaponry that they
were supposed to stop developing under
you know this so-called agreement with
Trump now the satellite imagery gathered
by US intelligence agencies indicate
that North Korea is building ballistic
missiles at a factory just outside its
capital and that's according to
reporting by The Washington Post North
Korea is also working on one and
possibly two liquid-fueled ICBMs at its
sanim dong facility on the outskirts of
Pyongyang so this is now additional
evidence indicating that they are
continuing on with their programs and we
haven't really heard much from trump on
this but we have heard a little bit from
the fine people at Fox you know the same
people that were applauding Trump and
saying all these great things about him
after the summit remember right after
the summit Trump said quote just landed
this is on Twitter a long trip but
everybody can now feel much safer than
the day I took office there is no longer
a nuclear threat from North Korea
meeting with Kim jong-un was an
interesting and very positive experience
okay okay I gotta say look we said it at
the time but now that we know that
they're developing missiles it takes on
even more to see only a very stupid
person would come out of the first talks
where you have nothing concrete in
writing and no agreements and no
factories taken down no missile sites
taken down and say there is no longer a
nuclear threat from North Korea
yeah because then you just took away all
incentives for them to do continue on
that process because you already
declared the whole thing over I mean if
you're on the other side of that
negotiation you got to be thinking how
did we get this lucky this schmuck says
and now it's his ass on the line his
political ass on the line that it and
and so he has to back us up if we
continue to make nukes because he
already said that it was already done
right so it is such a terrible
negotiation strategy part of the deal
are you kidding me there's no strategy
yes he's so dumb so this is so bad that
even Fox News had to admit take a look
North Korea could be working to build
new missiles despite its pledge to D
nuclearized
The Washington Post reports US spy
agencies are seeing signs that the rogue
regime is working on up to two missiles
capable of hitting the United States
this satellite photo reportedly shows
production at a missile facility great
steep down - you wonder who it's
inspired is he's talking of a Washington
Post
so that was juicy I love how Ducey's
only takeaway from that was oh why
don't--why news all just communities
talking to washington post really that's
your commentary on this story amazing
yeah
so for all the I don't know if they're
BOTS or whatever they are cuz I tweet
about this earlier today right at
jankura or good luck spelling it and of
course people pour in they're like oh so
you just want war with North Korea
alright so for the billionth time of
course we don't want war in fact we
support a Donald Trump going to talk to
Kim jong-un without preconditions more
than any other show you know where the
mainstream is like well I don't know
he's celebrating a dictator we're like
screw it go talk to him
who cares I don't want preconditions I
want dialogue which leads to peace that
doesn't mean that I have to agree that
he had a great result right I wish he
had a great result I was rooting for a
great result because I don't want war
the North Korea is deeply unstable the
very very last thing I want is a war
with North Korea but you can't come out
of the negotiations they say
yeah yeah when you didn't do a goddamn
thing that makes war more likely not
less likely because now Fox News is even
embarrassing you
so now god knows what the orange buffoon
is gonna do in in retaliation no that's
why you should be careful and actually
use diplomats who are smart unlike your
dumb ass too easy wasteful young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
