James Thompson from Kansas fourth
District happy to be here James we have
a lot of momentum a lot of excitement so
our belief is is that we should be able
to run as who we are state our values
and state them clearly be
unapologetically progressive and what we
believe and give our voters a reason to
go out and vote for something not just
against something I see a wave coming
I've been able to connect with and
introduce myself to a whole sect of
voters that wouldn't have otherwise been
paying attention not only do I think it
is the right thing to do to be
everywhere and to listen to those that I
want to represent and serve I think it's
the only way to win I've taken a public
pledge not to accept any corporate money
so zero percent of the money then it
goes into financing my campaign comes
from corporate lobbyists I will go to
Congress unbossed
and unbolt you know we're just gonna
keep running in one direction and quite
honestly it's not towards the left it's
not towards the right it's towards the
people you would be the first Muslim
American woman in Congress which would
be interesting and historic but you've
actually been in politics oh you'd be
powerful there you go I like power only
40% of African Americans in our state
owned their own homes so for me it is
about pushing back against the big banks
that we just bailed out that are not
helping our families get access to what
I think is the core American dream of
owning your own home hunted it up I've
not been over fifty thousand doors in my
career for 20 years in emergency
medicine where it's simply not going to
door and ask someone how can I help you
what can I do for you and I'm finding
more and more throughout my career
people that come in that simply can't
afford their health care it's quite
frankly I think we have a lot more
doctors stepping up and running for
office because we see the reality that
the humanity behind the statistics that
everyone else talks about this is a
democracy
these seats don't belong to me they
don't belong to anyone they belong to
people and you ought to earn the right
to represent folks in the beginning for
15 months I've been campaigning up on
Pro jobs Pro Medicare for all tuition
free college
fighting for dreamers like my campaign
manager fighting for LGBT rights like my
field director
and because of that the establishment is
freaking out on both sides and we live
in a society in 2018 where a mother a
single mother of three working full-time
cannot feed her family and that is an
injustice it's a movement for social
change and that kind of energy I don't
think you can stop joining me right now
the winner in Kansas 4th district
primary tonight James Thomson hey what
did you guys do in your race that maybe
others can learn from as well well we
got out we talk to people we show that
you can win a Democratic primary in
Maryland getting 99.9% of their money
from real people things are changing and
we're part of that change
joining us now another winner tonight
Jamie's Schoolcraft just Democrat from
Missouri's seventh district Jamie
welcome back to the show brother good
morning thank you guys very much the
fact that you're not taking corporate
PAC money I think is huge so I think
it's just a matter of getting the voters
out there Alex and John Kasich CEO
Cortes the winner defeating Joe Crowley
the number four Democrat in the house we
are here to fight for a country that is
of the people by the people and for the
people and that really resonates with
people because right now it feels like a
country that is of buying for the
corporations and we're tired of it too
easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
