sascha barons new show just recently
aired the episode where he's
interviewing Roy Moore now Roy Moore was
the Alabama politician who luckily lost
in the Republican primary there and part
of the reason why he lost was because
there were numerous women who came
forward and alleged that he had sexually
assaulted them or in some cases tried to
do inappropriate things with them when
they were minors so here's how Sasha
Baron Cohen handled the interview and as
you can see he is dressed as an
anti-terror expert general Iran Murad it
turns out the sex offenders and
particularly pedophiles secrete an
enzyme for D DHT which is actually
detectable it is three times the level
of non perverts
so the phrase sweating like a rapist is
actually based on science
so in Israel they've developed a machine
that is used in schools and playgrounds
to detect anyone coming in and if they
detect a pedophile the wand alerts the
law enforcement and the schools within a
hundred mile radius it is very very
simple to use you just switch it on and
because neither of us saw sex offenders
then it make absolutely nothing you just
put it on you put it nearby right this
is always a problem although it must be
faulty
it's malfunctioning I'm sure it will do
the same with the other guy here has he
they've majestic
so is this silver jacket yes did you
lend the jacket to somebody else maybe
no I've been married for 33 so I never
had an accusation with such things I am
not accusing you at all this is if this
is an instrument I did certainly I'm not
a pedophile okay
no but the machine is well I don't know
maybe Israeli technology hasn't
developed properly this is the 99.8%
well it is not saying that you are a
pedophile of course not I am simply
cutting this conversation right now
no thank you have you been nice I
support Israel I don't support this kind
of stuff
thank you no it is I'm not saying that
you're a sex offender okay this guy's
killing it man it's so I'm watching it
every week and I believe it or not all
this stuff that we've shown you that
it's fantastic is not even the best
stuff so I'm gonna swing that in a
second but so the way he set this up is
he didn't jump into the pedophile stuff
right away in a longer version in who's
America which is on Showtime he sets it
up with Roy more by talking about
security and terrorists and it's
entirely technology right and he knows
that if he brings in Israeli security
expert all Republicans are in luck
yes sir absolutely sir I'm what do you
what do you need yeah let's talk let's
talk and so he lures him all the way in
and then he's like N we meant this
technology about pedophiles and then you
see Roy Moore in that clip his face like
he's like hold up hold up now hold up
maybe it's just my imagination but I
feel like his face got a little sweaty
Oh
expression alone I don't know he looked
a little worried but yeah I mean
expression read to me show me the bottle
okay my way really quick so Roy Moore
told him in that clip I haven't been
accused at all yeah which was
fascinating because of course he has
been accused I'm just gonna recount
you know all the accusations very
quickly on November 9th of last year
Washington Post reported that four women
said more had
them sexually or romantically when they
were 18 or younger and he was in his 30s
one of them said that he touched her
sexually when she was only 14 years old
that's obviously below the states age of
consent over the next several days
though a woman accused more of sexually
assaulting her when she was 16 and four
more women accused him of sexual
misconduct or unwanted overtures so it
seems as though there were more than
zero women who've accused him of sexual
assault so now the other part that I
told you about with it with the series
first of all I love the character yeah
and on Murad but he changes the title
every time it's captain Aaron Murad then
Colonel Aaron Murad this time it was
general and Ron Murad okay whoa whoa
okay you guys getting promoted pretty
quickly
yeah and my favorite part when he goes
okay yalla let's go but he's Equal
Opportunity right I mean he destroyed
this poor art dealer oh my god and look
so he's going so the people who are
great journals like Ted Coble was like
yet this is nonsense I'm done with it
like didn't bite at all Bernie Sanders
didn't bite at all it's like no that's
just not true
Yeah right but the people who are like
stupid do bite and anyway he does a
liberal professor okay no no no one of
his characters this is a bunch of
different characters one of them is a
liberal professor will always wear as an
NPR shirt no no when he goes to Arizona
and get says to them no we have a great
new project 385 million dollars we're
gonna spend in Kingman Arizona they're
like yeah great it's not a wonderful new
mosque oh you've got to watch you've got
to watch it and he's like no no it's
okay well well what would you like is
your dream mosque there yelling we don't
want to dream boss I cannot possibly do
it justice it's actually better than
almost all of these except show me the
bottle
I mean that guy broke all records
I do not know how the show could ever
top that's state lawmaker from Georgia
how do you top that the guy took his
pants down yeah I mean and by the way I
had forgotten and then ice when I watch
the full clip at the very end it's show
him biting a sausage as if it's a penis
they got to do that on camera so look
we're not getting paid by Showtime us
getting paid okay
support us by being members to ID DICOM
/join okay so this is free it's just a
great great show it's called who's
America it's on Showtime and Sacha Baron
Cohen genius yes
all right I actually want to add one
quick thing about all of this because
Roy Moore actually released a statement
prior to this episode airing and so he's
threatening to sue but I want to read
you just two quick portions of his
statement he said I did not know sasha
Cohen I don't know sasha Cohen or that a
showtimes TV series was being planned to
embarrass humiliate and mock not only
Israel but also religious conservative
as Sarah Palin Joe Walsh and Dick Cheney
he also said I'm involved in several
court cases presently to defend my honor
and character against vicious false
political attacks by liberals like Cohen
if Showtime airs a defamatory attack on
my character I may very well be involved
in another well seems like you will be
involved in it have at it Hoss by the
way Sacha Baron Cohen is an Orthodox Jew
and is observant so the whole idea that
he would he's trying to mock Israel is
preposterous no he's trying to mock you
so let's just be clear about that and he
didn't go after just right-wingers he
also went after liberals they just
didn't bite as much they just didn't I
don't know maybe it's in later episodes
okay but right now it appears that the
Conservatives were far more willing to
humiliate themselves and that's
unsurprising in that same episode okay
general erin moran the what he gets
racist to do while trying to capture
illegal Mexicans as he calls them
oh and that might break the Georgia
Legislature record for humiliating
including getting them to put on fake
plastic vaginas and then to have people
feel it
no he's devastating them okay a day I
feel like at the end of each episode I
get a show me the bottle two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
