The Washington Post has published the
final column written by Jamal Khashoggi
it was written by khashoggi but his
assistant has published it and the
message in this column is incredibly
important because he is specifically
calling out the lack of freedom of
expression in Arab countries and it
gives you a sense of what his thoughts
were not only as he was living in
self-exile here in the United States but
as he was entering that consulate the
issues that he had you know in the back
of his mind when it came to the very
country that he was from so I want to
give you a few excerpts from his column
and then we'll discuss so in one portion
of the column he says there is only one
country in the Arab world and here he's
referencing a 20-18
freedom in the World Report he says
there's only one country in the Arab
world that has been classified as free
that nation is Tunisia Jordan Morocco
and Kuwait comes second with a
classification of partly free the rest
of the countries in the Arab world are
classified as not free so as you can
notice there he does call out Saudi
Arabia as not free because it's not
listed as partly free or free and then
he says state-run narrative dominates
the public psyche and while many do not
believe it a large majority of the
population falls victim to this false
narrative sadly this situation is
unlikely to change so he's specifically
referring to the state-sponsored
propaganda in Arab countries and Saudi
Arabia is certainly no exception the
Saudi royals want to control the
narrative and the messaging that the
Saudi citizens consume and so that is
the main reason why someone like Jamal
khashoggi who was highly critical of the
Saudi royals decided to live in
self-exile here in the United States yes
look obviously this is incredibly
powerful because it comes from the grave
and they noted in the Washington Post
that they did not want to run it because
they hoped he was still alive but now
that Hope has basically been
extinguished
so they were running of posthumously and
I want to call out one other thing that
he said in the article that I think is
really important
he mentioned Sully El shaggy who's a
prominent Saudi writer who's now he he
said serving an unwarranted five year
prison sentence for a supposed comments
contrary this Saudi establishment now of
course we now know that Jamal Khashoggi
was very likely murdered by that same
Saudi establishment I say very likely
because you have to but we know what
happened and so I noted something that I
have not seen elsewhere but I hope that
others are pursuing this my guess is
human rights groups are etc that's Lal
Shah he is still life so if you want
justice for Khashoggi a very small step
in that direction but a good step would
be to release him from prison that's the
bare bare minimum that the Saudi
government can do exactly
so other portions of his piece that I
wanted to share with you he says Arab
governments have been given free rein to
continue silencing the media at an
increasing rate there was a time when
journalists believe the internet would
liberate information from the censorship
but these governments have aggressively
blocked the internet and I appreciate
that he mentioned that and he
specifically goes back to 2011 when
there was this emergence of people who
were protesting and really challenging
people in positions of power in the Arab
world and there was that glimmer of hope
I remember that and then it just kind of
faded away as as those movements got
co-opted by terrorist organizations as
the you know leaders in these countries
became even more aggressive in in
censoring speech censure censoring non
state-sponsored media and again this is
exactly the type of commentary that
would get him murdered in Saudi Arabia
which is why he came here to the United
States and became a u.s. resident so the
part about the internet it's really
important and I really hope that VPNs
are successful in getting around these
restrictions because if you don't know
what a VPN is
allows your computer to go to another
computer so they can't tell that you're
right and one outside the country so you
can actually access some of the other
the websites that are banned in places
like Saudi Arabia because it appears
that your computers in the Netherlands
not in Saudi Arabia now this is really
taking off in China and and I hope it
does so more even more so in in all
those places to get around the
censorship of these oppressive
governments but I didn't want to breeze
past the first part of that sentence he
said Arab governments have been given
free rein to continue silencing the
media at an increasing rate I mean and
that turned out to be his last column as
they silenced them in the most extreme
way imaginable and so as I read that
portion I was haunting that he was
warning about silencing of the media and
they literally beheaded him also I mean
he says Arab governments have been given
free rein given free free rein from whom
right and by whom by whom yes and it's
the u.s. the u.s. exactly and that's
exactly what's happening right now I
mean the narrative that we're seeing
from the Trump administration and later
we'll also talk about some conservatives
in the United States who are part of the
media like they're making excuses for
what happened and they're protecting the
Saudis and what they did no I mean look
just mentioned briefly here I asked
yesterday
will the Magra guys rally to Donald
Trump defending a Muslim fundamentalist
government dismembering someone we got
our answer today yes so now
conservatives are starting to attack
khashoggi the victim mm-hmm calling him
a radical Islamists so the smear job on
the victim has begun we see that here in
America all the time you know a young
unarmed black gay kids killed it's time
to smear him and destroy his reputation
after you've already killed him so now
they've started to do that to Khashoggi
so let me just ask a quick question what
type of radical extremist would want
freedom of speech freedom of press
wouldn't a radical extremist want
censorship
wouldn't they want to prevent messages
getting out there that that counter
whatever it is that they believe but
look you know I'm gonna offend people as
usual here but this is why I call those
extreme Republican voters stupid because
there's nothing that they won't buy all
you have to do is you have to have an
official propaganda outlet of the
Republican Party tell them oh yeah no no
Muslim fundamentalists beheading people
and dismembering them is now great now
you are to bow your head and say that
that is wonderful and here they are now
all over the internet going well
Khashoggi this and khashoggi that's
smearing him etc all lies by the way all
totally out of context lies and so
they've decided yeah we the right wing
in this country that said all Muslims
should be banned
now think Trump covering up for a
fundamentalist Muslim dictator beheading
someone is a good thing I would hope
that they would read this and learn
something from it but they're not gonna
learn anything you have to read yeah
they'd have to actually take the time to
read something instead of sitting there
and watching whatever propaganda you
know they've been consuming including
Fox News it's easy to sit there and just
buy whatever it is that they're selling
but look just first second take the
Muslim component out of it and think
about what this means he was a u.s.
resident okay he was living here in the
United States he was murdered likely
murdered when he went to that consulate
what does that mean for journalists who
practice free speech in a country like
the United States who take advantage of
our First Amendment rights and and
shared their opinions put out you know
their articles or their news content so
we're just going to give certain
countries a pass if they murder
journalists just because we have cozy
ties with them just because we have
financial ties with them where's all my
right-wing free speech advocate friends
free speech on Berkeley's campus oh
you've been headed a guy who was
speaking out against the Saudi
government no problem let's cover it up
let's cover Trump told us to come
bird up let's cover it up so boy you
must be really proud of your free speech
philosophy the TYT Plus app is now
available on iOS and Android download to
get more TYT content at TYT comm slash
app
