joining us now is Matt Morgan he's a
unique situation in Michigan's first
district Matt welcome to program how are
you good
Jake thanks appreciate you having me
yeah you're in a unique situation no
problem great to have you here brother
because you are a writing candidate with
a really good chance of winning which
does not happen very often so tell us
about both why you're a writing
candidate and why you stand an excellent
chance of winning the primary
nonetheless right thanks well the first
and foremost I'm the only candidate left
running as a Democrat in the primary so
from our perspective we have a great
chance of winning the write-in campaign
the reason we were kept off of the
primary ballot was because the state of
Michigan chose to disqualify our
nominating petitions we had more than
1500 nominating signatures that's well
over 500 more than are necessary to get
on the petition but the state of
Michigan chose to disqualify those
signatures on the grounds of a minor
technicality it's something we've been
seeing the Michigan Secretary of State
Board of Canvassers doing on a regular
basis when it comes to contentious
issues facing you know that are placed
on the ballot through petitions and
they've they've made very decisions
depending on whether they want to see
something on the ballot or not as the
only Democratic candidate running
against the freshman Republican and come
in here they decided not to put us on
the ballot but we're in good shape now
we need a very small percentage of the
total number of votes that are cast for
the top vote-getter at the top of the
ticket so we're going to get a few
thousand of those write-in votes we're
really confident about being able to get
that and that's gonna put us
automatically on the ballot in November
just that accuracy because I've never
seen a situation quite like this how
many write-in votes do you need is there
a minimum you need to be able to win
it's a formula so we need a percentage
of the total number of votes cast for
the top vote-getter on the day of the
primary so that's 5% so I need like one
in 20 voters for example who vote for
debbie Stabenow for US Senate to write
me in so we think that we're estimating
that number is going to be around 3,000
could be as high as 4,000 if we have
record turnout but we have every
confidence we're gonna be able to get it
we got a great field organization we
have a lot of wonderful volunteers we
people who work in the phones we have
over 4,000 commits just from phone
banking and door-knocking alone so I'm
really confident in this you know we got
just over a week away and we're going to
be beating the streets you know it from
here on until
well you're just Democrat that means you
know you've your people-powered campaign
no corporate PAC money probably have a
lot of volunteers and and obviously
deeply progressive so let's and I found
something in your bio that I found
fascinating there's a lot of things that
I'm curious about Matt in regards to
your background you spent summers
detasseling corn and walking beans what
is that yeah well when you grow up in an
agricultural community you know soybeans
and corn are the two big crops and the
Midwest in terms of cash crops and so
you walk beans you basically take a hoe
and you walk down the rows of soybeans
and get cut out black nightshade and
button weed the type of things that can
foul up a combine and ruin a farmer's
yield in terms of detasseling you
basically work in a basket rolling down
rows of corn pulling the tassels off of
them because the that's the way corn
reproduces so you want to when you want
to put hybrid corn you have to have male
rows and female rows so you pull the
tassels off of the male rows so that you
can get that get that cross hybrid
columns of polarization you probably
don't think so but a lot of that sounded
very dirty okay but I get your farming
background though that's very clear and
you're also marine right that's right
every time Marine officer retired as
lieutenant colonel in 2013 so what makes
your progressive Matt well you know I
think that well I'll tell you I was in
the Pentagon in 2006-2007 under
secretary Rumsfeld I had been to Iraq in
2003 I went back to Iraq in 2007 for
another year and I came home feeling
lied to and it really changed my whole
outlook and my wife and I both worked
very hard for her Barack Obama in 2008
she was actually a leader in Blue Star
families for Obama so that's what made
me a Democrat but really from my
perspective in terms of being a Justice
Democratic comes back to Michigan and
coming home and seeing families here you
know we talked about jobless rates here
in Michigan or you know across the
country well the jobless rates just
don't tell the whole story we have more
than half of families that can't survive
a $400
you know unprepared for cost you know
they're drifting farther and farther
left behind it can't afford to take the
kids to the doctor you know and as a
Marine I'll tell you they serving in
Iraq if we had someone who was wounded
we took care of them whether they were a
good guy a bad guy or an innocent and
then we didn't do that just out of the
goodness of our hearts we did that
because that was the law of land warfare
that was in a National humanitarian law
and so when it comes to health care and
taking care of people I believe the
United States should be doing at least
as good as international humanitarian
law it's not far better wow that's a
great way of putting your man I never
thought about it that way I thought you
were gonna go in a different direction
which but there that was powerful
because I've talked to other people
whether they're just Democrats or
they're part of Wolfpack which is yet
money out of politics that are veterans
and they say look I didn't go to fight
for freedom in other countries and to
come back and and not have freedom here
and not have democracy because it's
drowning in money in politics is that
something that also animates you
absolutely you know we're in addition to
being a Justice Democrat we're endorsed
by in citizens united it's something we
absolutely have to do I mean I live here
in the the state of Betsy DeVos my the
incumbent has taken tens of thousands of
dollars in individual contributions just
from the DeVos family very proud of the
fact that what we've accomplished is is
you know taking building a strong
campaign we've over the cycle we've
raised nearly eight hundred thousand
dollars almost purely on individual
contribution small-dollar donors and
that's allowed us to compete directly
with a freshman incumbent Republican who
takes tens of thousands of dollars in
PAC money to the point that we actually
even out raised that freshman incumbent
over two quarters and for the entire
cycle in terms of individual
contribution we have not raised him
almost seven to one nah man they're guys
like Matt across the country I don't
know how in the world you guys raise
eight hundred thousand dollars from
small donors in a district like Michigan
one where you know basically written off
by the Democratic Party and and you
found a way to coalesce holes and by the
way Michigan the progresses of Michigan
are unbelievable you guys are the best
organizers in the country I mean in
every bracket I've seen it's it's
amazing I don't know what's in the water
well I say do you know what's in the
water it's really bad
but that's what made it maybe motivates
you guys okay but let's let's talk about
one other thing that that's a high
priority for you which is infrastructure
so what what's your plans for that Matt
well one of the things that you know
we're talking about money the only PAC
money I've taken is from organized labor
we're talking about iron workers pipe
fitters laborers Operating Engineers
and these are men and women who are
ready to get back to work and we have
you know the infrastructure in northern
Michigan is crumbling and it's not just
roads and bridges we've also got a
serious issue as it relates to internet
broadband penetration we've got these
rural communities that are just falling
off the grid because they can't get
access to the Internet we've seen the
model in the past under the New Deal and
rural electrification gives us a model
we get Internet out to these effective
communities if the government's just
willing to partner and invest in that
it's the only way we're going to be able
to continue to educate our kids attract
new businesses and keep the businesses
we have but one of the key pieces that I
want to point to is a piece of critical
national infrastructure and that's
that's called the Soo Locks and Sue st.
Marie right on the st. Marys waterway
between Lake Superior and Lake Huron a
great deal of Commerce hundreds of
millions of dollars passes through those
locks on freighters from the mines in
the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in
Minnesota over through those locks and
down in the Lake Huron and coal moves
its way back up through to power a lot
of power plants there if those locks
were to fail we we suffer 11 million
jobs lost in Michigan and that's know my
numbers that's the Department of
Homeland Security's number those lots
were originally authorized to be
expanded repaired in 1986 but Congress
hasn't found the money for it ever since
that in fact Congress just had to pass a
reauthorization bill to fund the repair
of the locks because now it cost twice
as much to repair as it would have then
and I promise you if Congress were to
find the money to fix those locks you'd
have every iron worker laborer and
operator in the Midwest coming up here
to work on that project to be a massive
job creator the problem is Congress
hasn't been able to find the money for
it because their priorities are messed
up you know I always point to the fact
that the president moved the u.s.
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem which
was a completely unnecessary and
provoking foreign policy decision which
created a one
million dollar construction project that
will create zero American jobs 1 billion
dollars would repair those locks and
create thousands of American jobs and
repair critical infrastructure that is
necessary to keep the US economy
functioning Matt you're an awesome
candidate so I gotta ask you one last
thing and we're out of time here but
real quick how Republican is this
district it's an R plus 1 or plus 6 oh
my god you're gonna be a congressman so
we feel very good about it we have a
no-show freshman congressman who hasn't
done anything for the district he
doesn't campaign he doesn't like to talk
to people so we're out there shaking
hands meeting voters and we're working
our butt off where it's not gonna stop
until November no look if we got a wave
coming and it's a big big wave in an
hour plus 6 a guy who is a good enough
candidate to Renate it raise $800,000
from small donor donations and and and
has this kind of fire in his belly I'm
at I can't wait to see you in Congress
so it's Jake I appreciate the time yeah
man look I'm gonna give everybody the
the links here look the way that people
like matt morgan win is if you help them
so matt morgan for michigan comm the
other guys got corporations on their
side they got big donors on their side
you you fight for Matt Matt's gonna
fight for you that's how you volunteer
that's how you donate will have all the
links below if you're watching later on
YouTube or Facebook Matt I'll see you in
Washington thank you sir appreciate it
