before we head into our next clip I have
a question asked are you part of the
sixteen percent of folks who are happy
with Congress really or are you part of
the eighty four percent that are pretty
upset now we at TYT are always finding
new ways for you to step in and make a
difference our next clip is brought to
you by fire your congressman calm the
URL obviously speaks for itself this
applies to your congressman or anyone
elses for that matter you can donate
directly against any member of Congress
you don't like so head over to fire your
congressman calm a CNN reporter was
punished by Trump administration
officials for asking questions that
Donald Trump did not appear to like
Caitlin Collins is the name of the CNN
reporter and a white she's a White House
correspondent for CNN and she said that
she was called into the West Wing and
chastised by administration officials
for what they deemed inappropriate
questions that she had asked of Trump
during an oval office photo opportunity
she was quoted as saying they did not
like the questions I asked President
Trump about the news of the day now
other reporters who experience the
interaction said that she didn't do
anything out of the ordinary she did
what most journalists do when they ask
the president a question during a
situation like this but to give you a
sense of how it all went down there is
of course video footage of her asking
these questions so let's take a look at
that
are you on the other tape sister
okay so well it's not a couple of things
here so they said that their three
complaints about her was it was
inappropriate questions I don't know
what in the world could be inappropriate
about those questions Michael cones in
the news it's an enormous part of the
news cycle around Donald Trump there's
tapes of him talking about paying off of
his mistress that nothing could be more
newsworthy about a president do you
imagine if about Obama had done likewise
and someone asked him mr. president why
did you pay off your machine even say
that rudely right she didn't she just
asked about Michael COEs tapes I
literally can't think of a more relevant
question in the news cycle there was
nothing rude I mean she was not rude in
asking those like he didn't like the
questions which was evident in the
expression on his face as those
questions were being asked like it
that's why I was kind of laughing when
we came back from the video because he's
like yeah because he's a child you don't
like the president though and it is a
reporter's duty to hold a person in a
position of power accountable for his
actions like the second question was
about Putin you invited him to
Washington he chose not to come so I
mean I what else do you ask a president
if Obama might ask the leader of China
to come and he had said no or he changed
his mind you'd ask him about that
there's nothing more appropriate and
relevant okay number two was they said
she was too loud you guys just saw the
tape everybody was loud there was I mean
like she was closer to the mic so we
heard her slightly more clear but there
was a cacophony of noise in there
I mean then I guess everyone should be
banned because everybody was too loud
right and then the third thing they said
is that she wouldn't leave the room you
saw her in the room with everyone else
right it's on tape it's right there
every they're asking everybody to leave
right it's not like everyone had left
and she's the only one there and chained
herself to the desk
right
everyone is slow to leave because
everyone wants to ask questions they're
their reporters that's what they want to
do but she eventually left she didn't
get into some sort of physical
altercation or verbal altercation with
anyone and so she was shocked to find
that the administration officials had
called her into an office and
essentially told her you are not allowed
to cover a trump event that's open to
reporters later today so uh let's hear
from Katelyn Collins herself she
recounts this whole situation in the
next clip then later I was called into
the office of Bill Shine the president's
latest hire who is his right-hand man
for communications it was him and the
press secretary Sarah Sanders who told
me that I would not be invited to an
open press event here in the Rose Garden
moments later at the White House because
they thought the questions that I posed
to President Trump were inappropriate
and inappropriate for that venue okay so
as soon as I saw this it broke right
after we finished the show yesterday and
I thought hmm this is a little extra I
wonder what's going on here and then and
then I saw bill shines name in one of
the articles like boom of course that's
what happened so bill Cheyne used to
work at Fox News is on top executives
there I he was involved in the scandals
there etc he left now he's the newly
appointed deputy chief of staff
communications this has got bill Shine
written all over it
so as soon as I saw that I was like Bing
that's the answer now some people say he
might have just been doing Trump's
bidding because Trump as you saw him the
tape was so mad he might have just told
him I don't care ban her but mr.
president it's not a good idea
I don't care banner that does sound like
Trump so that's certainly possible as
well but this is a Fox News maneuver
right and and now to be fair to Fox they
are now standing with CNN's reporter but
this is old school Roger Ailes bill
shine Fox News thing we punish our
opponents you ask the wrong question not
only am i punishing you I'm sending a
message hey everybody else you better
watch yourself because if you ask
questions we don't like maybe somehow
you lose access and then you can't your
do your job as the person covering the
White House if you don't have any access
you can't cover the White House you just
lost a great job this is a shot across
the bow
and it has bill shine written all over
it and by the way later you find out as
she just explained yeah she got called
into his office he's the one that led
this so let's hear from bill shine I
mean he's gotten a lot of backlash as a
result of this and here's what he has to
say about it when you ask herb we have
used the word
you ask her
why don't you just tell us what you
allegedly said to her if you didn't use
the word ban no that was great it was
it's both cocky and shows his ignorance
all in one fell swoop it's such a fair
question oh you say you didn't use the
word bin I'm a reporter you're coming
out to clarify cuz you're mad at how I'm
covering it so I'm gonna do the most
natural thing though umm okay great
and I'm actually doing you a favor how
do you want me to cover it what actually
happened what was the word that you use
I'm not gonna tell you you should ask
her first okay I got right I got it so
you told her that she couldn't come
maybe you didn't use the word band but
you said prohibited or you're not
allowed what difference does it make and
you just revealed it by saying that you
won't tell us exactly so I also want to
of course point out to the fact that
Trump himself has been very aggressive
in going after media outlets
specifically CNN who he believes are
going after him and and criticizing him
too much now it's for me personally it's
hilarious that CNN is is the news
organization that he targets the most
considering the fact that CNN goes out
of its way out of its way to be overly
fair to him and what I mean by that is
they don't they try to pretend like they
don't have any type of bias they're
neutral meaning if Republicans are
caught doing something wrong they won't
say it it far too often they'll go ahead
and defer to the Republican side of the
story and then just kind of let the
viewers decide Oh who's telling the
truth we don't want to appear like we
have a bias they're so afraid of
offending the president that they've
gone further to the right if you watch
any of their content so it's in fact can
I just say Anna
I mean look Kaitlyn Kansai supporter
completely in this situation and I
support CNN in this situation it's about
freedom of the press overall but Kaitlyn
Collins comes from the Daily Caller
which is a massively right-wing blog so
I mean we'll talk more about that in the
postgame TOI t-dot-com slice join become
a member get all of our shows including
the postgame I want to talk about that
so I'm not criticizing her for it but
here's CNN reaching out to a pretty
disreputable
a blog on the website that's massively
right-wing to get a reporter and then
does it work no and by the way again I'm
not criticizing Kaitlyn college s good
tough questions that a reporter should
write but did it work in appeasing the
right wing
no it never works he calls you an enemy
of the people anyway exactly and and you
know to go to graphic 25 it just really
drive this point home at a rally on
Tuesday Trump encouraged his supporters
to ignore coverage of his administration
saying what you're seeing and what
you're reading is not what's happening
he hates when journalists do their jobs
he hates them and he has been attacking
the media incessantly ever since he came
as before you came into office as he was
campaigning he doesn't like any negative
press even though he is deserving of
negative press I mean that's I don't
know that there's anything more
Orwellian then don't believe your what
you see he just literally said don't
believe what you see what are you gonna
believe me or your lying eyes it's the
most brazen thing I've ever seen in my
life and the reason the right wing does
not like anything that brings you
information is because they would like
to replace it with their propaganda they
don't want you to learn the truth that's
why they are against the media that's
why their guess universities and
professors that's why they're against
scientists and so it's not at all
surprising but to be fair and give
credit where credit is due
well all the rest of the media backed
Caitlyn Collins which is great including
Fox News including their new head of Fox
News and their chief political
correspondent Bret Baier yes so credit
to all of them for doing the right thing
yes and quick clip from Bret Baier
showing his solidarity with Collins take
a look as a member of the White House
press pool Fox stands firmly with CNN on
this issue of access so far no response
from the White House
okay I'm amused by his kerchief but
other than that way to go Brett that's
the right thing to do yeah yeah okay and
look it's a nice it's in some ways a
layup for Fox News because they don't
want to get banned under Democratic
presidents but still when you do the
right thing you should be applauded for
it two easy ways follow Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
