before we head into our next clip I have
a question asked are you part of the
sixteen percent of folks who are happy
with Congress really or are you part of
the eighty four percent that are pretty
upset now we at TYT are always finding
new ways for you to step in and make a
difference our next clip is brought to
you by fire your congressman calm the
URL obviously speaks for itself this
applies to your congressman or anyone
elses for that matter you can donate
directly against any member of Congress
you don't like so head over to fire your
congressman calm a breaking news story
from yesterday indicated that
congressional Republicans were planning
on impeaching Rod Rosenstein now he is
the Deputy Attorney General and he is
serving as the Deputy Attorney General
after Jeff Sessions recused himself
following information indicating that he
had contact with Russians that he did
not disclose now this all has to do with
the special counsel and the
investigation into Russian meddling and
Trump's alleged obstruction of justice
congressional Republicans hate this
Trump hates this and so one of the
things that's been abundantly clear is
that Trump wants to get rid of Muller
and the way you get rid of Muller is by
having an attorney general or Deputy
Attorney General who's willing to fire
him he's the only one who could do that
rod Rosenstein has been clear in his
refusal to do that so this is my
speculation but there's reason to
believe that these congressional
Republicans want to get rid of
Rosenstein so they can replace him with
someone who would be willing to fire
Muller
now that's barely speculation I mean
they've said over and over again that
they don't think that they they should
be doing the investigation so this whole
thing's a fig leaf to say oh yeah oh I'm
worried he's not turning over documents
I want him to tell me in the middle of
an active investigation what
specifically they are so we can leak him
so the reasoning that these
congressional Republicans get for
wanting to impeach him is completely
bogus and we will prove it on the show
today no journalists for as far as I've
seen has discussed whether there's any
validity to the
claims that these congressional
Republicans are making but we looked
into it and we will give you the details
on that in just a minute now mark
Meadows who was one of the leaders in
pushing for articles of impeachment has
changed his tune a little today so first
I want you to hear from representative
mark meadows himself and then we will
give you more details really for nine
months we've asked for documents and and
that's all we want are the documents and
what we found is not only have subpoenas
been ignored but information has been
hidden the efforts have been stonewalled
and I guess for us is all about
transparencies of the American people
can judge for themselves and so you know
they may be able to ignore Congress but
they can't ignore the American people so
that was what he was alleging earlier he
was clear that he wanted to move forward
with the impeachment however he's
changing his tune a little today
representative mark Meadows is tabeling
his efforts to impeach Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosenstein after having
meetings with Republican leadership
stating that he would instead pursue
contempt if the Justice Department does
not turn over documents Congress is
seeking okay so the allegation is
they're not cooperating with Congress
they need to hand over documents that we
want except they don't have to do that
okay now later we're gonna hear from
Paul Ryan who says that they are
cooperating even though they don't need
to but just to be abundantly clear on
this let's go to graphic 49 the special
counsel is not charged with providing a
public accounting of his work the
results of a criminal investigation are
typically publicly revealed only if a
prosecutor brings criminal charges and
presents evidence in court to prove
those charges now judicial precedent
this is based on you know rulings in the
courts suggests a possible path for
Congress to obtain access to that
evidence at the conclusion of the
special counsels investigation
historically the Justice Department has
not provided to Congress investigative
files concerning open investigations
even in response to subpoenas for two
principal reasons so I'm gonna get into
the reasons really quickly before you
jump in Janke first under the Federal
Rule of Criminal Procedure Justice
Department attorneys have a strictly
legal obligation to
TEKT the confidentiality of matters
concerning before the grand jury second
the attorneys have a broader duty to
protect the integrity of ongoing
investigations and to prevent
congressional pressures from influencing
the course of an investigation
Department participation in publicity
about facts under investigation could
also jeopardize any indictments that may
be filed possibly leading to dismissal
so those are the facts but even so it
appears based on what Paul Ryan has said
that the special counsel and rod
Rosenstein have been cooperating with
Congress even the hope they don't really
need to the congressional Republicans
say hey listen I I have subpoena power
so I want your materials so period and
the discussion you need to comply with
my subpoena so if you stop paying
attention at that point you might think
oh well Congress does have subpoena
powers but can they subpoena anything
they want the answer is no now Anna just
explained to you I'll put it in layman's
terms right so okay so for example maybe
they're investigating someone who turns
out to be innocent but you got and
everything that goes to Congress gets
leaked just keep it real that's it and
they're planning Millie could that's the
whole point right so so that they if
it's damaging so they could start
countering it ahead of time if it's
exculpatory to immediately leak that to
the press these are politicians you know
how they are and by the way both sides
will leak if they have access to it the
Republicans will leak and the Democrats
will leak and they'll make it political
that's the whole point of this so-called
you know look into evidence and we want
to know but you know at the end of the
investigation if you know in the middle
and then you start leaking something
them they don't ever charge the guy in
this case is Trump if they don't charge
Trump but the Democrats start leaking
information about him that seems
damaging well that's not fair to Trump
in this case but the other possibility
is also very real here
now imagine they're investigating
someone you care about a family member
they're looking into your dad you love
your dad when you go okay that uh I'm in
Congress so what I want to subpoena your
investigation of my dad and then I want
to destroy that investigation by leaking
anything that's to my advantage every
route rash
person would say no you're not allowed
to do that and the law says you're not
allowed to do that
right in this case Trump's their daddy
and they will do anything for him so
they are abusing the the subpoena power
here which they have no right to but
they just play this political theater
here and pretend to be the victims which
is of course conservative 101 you want
to know what a conservative gonna do
they're gonna cry and they're gonna say
oh my god the Justice Department will
not give us things that we have no right
to by the way in this case the Justice
Department is Republican Ron roses sign
is Republican again for the most part
based on what Paul Ryan is saying
cooperating with congressional
Republicans so look what is really going
on here so do these Republican lawmakers
genuinely care about Trump do they
really think Trump is a good guy a smart
person a good leader know what they do
care about is the political
ramifications of not speaking out
against this investigation so I'll give
you an example right now Paul Ryan is
not seeking re-election he will no
longer be House speaker as a result of
that so Republicans need to find a new
house Speaker and a bunch of people are
putting in their bids right we have
Steve Scalise who wants to be a house
speaker we have Kevin McCarthy who wants
to be House Speaker and we have you know
other lawmakers who are considering
doing this Jim Jordan is putting his
name in the Hat as well now they know
that in order to get voted or get the
support of the house freedom caucus they
need to support Trump and go after the
special counsel
go after the Russia investigation and
that is exactly what we're seeing so
let's hear from Jim Jordan who you know
is puffing up his chest and trying to be
a warrior against this Russia
investigation we've sent numerous
letters to rod roses time they haven't
complied with two subpoenas they haven't
complied with we've caught the
Department of Justice hiding information
redact the information that they should
not have redacted we know that rod Rosa
Stein threatened House Committee Intel
staffers threatened them chilling impact
when they were trying to do their job
our job of getting doing the
Constitution oversight we're supposed to
do and we
all know what the Justice Department did
with the dossier never forget rod Rosa
Stein signed the third renewal sign that
which was which was based on the dossier
which we know came parts of it came from
Bruce or high rank official through his
wife Nellie the whole the whole ordeal
so we're tired of the Justice Department
giving us the finger and not giving us
the information we are entitled to do to
do our constitutional duty more
importantly the American people are sick
of it so I want to quickly rebut
everything that he said there because he
just flat-out lied about a number of
different things first of all just a
quick point again he is puffing up his
chest much like Steve Scalise is in
regard to this investigation in trying
to impeach rod Rosen side also the whole
FISA debate that's going on right so he
just said rod Rosen signs sign that FISA
warrant okay
but that FISA warrant was approved by a
judge and each FISA warrant that God
extended right or the FISA warrant that
continued getting extended where it was
extended by a judge who found probable
cause they're talking about the FISA
warrant on Carter page
Carter page it says in the affidavit
it's over 400 pages long confirmed by
everyone who investigated it including
all the Republicans in the Justice
Department of investigated and including
every single judge was a foreign agent
for the Russian government so that's why
they did a warrant they're like well we
have a foreign agent working in one of
the major campaigns and by the way it
could be that Carter page was working by
himself for the Russian government and
maybe even against Trump so of course
they did a warrant because they know
he's they suspect that he's a foreign
agent they have probable cause you get a
warrant it might be that that you're
protecting the campaign from having a
Russian agent inside of it so there's no
bias here at all it's total nonsense
they just say oh you by definition he
did a FISA warrant against someone
inside the Trump campaign so he must be
guilty
that's not logic that's just
partisanship and they want to appeal to
the house freedom caucus to ensure that
they will get the support necessary to
be the house speaker so again that was
the case with Jim Jordan another
representative is Steve Scalise and I
want to read you his statement in regard
to this whole ordeal let's go to graphic
19 he says I would
I would vote in favor of impeachment
because right now Rosenstein has not
done his job in complying with Congress
not true if he wants to comply and turn
over the documents we won't have this
conversation but if he's not going to do
the job that he's required to do he's
not required to hand anything over and
comply with the subpoenas from Congress
there are other tools that we have to
use and what they're referring to there
is contempt they are going to pursue him
and say that he is in contempt so the
house freedom caucus is filled with
maniacs these thirty incredible
right-wingers who say no trumps right
about everything I don't care I don't
care just fire everyone who might
investigate Trump and the leader of that
group along with Mark Meadows is Jim
Jordan he's the one that actually put
together the this insane idea to impeach
a fellow Republican Ron Rose assigned
Deputy Attorney General for doing his
job by the way one of the things that he
mentioned that Fox clip was oh he's
threatened other prosecutors yeah he's
like you are not allowed to give
evidence that we are compiling in an
active and open investigation to
political hacks who was then Lincoln of
course you're not allowed to do that
right so he's done his job so look at me
giving credit to a Republican for doing
his job okay so now these extreme
right-wingers like Jim Jordan think oh
no no hey Scalise and Scalise is also
crazy in his own right but he's not a
part of the leadership of the house
freedom caucus and Senator Scalise all
these other guys don't work come here
just because you know pro Trump is we
are a chog chog Trump Trump and what do
they do like that we're not gonna
support you anyway we're just gonna have
run Jim Jordan so the Scalise isn't
gonna get their vote all those other
guys aren't gonna get their vote they're
just gonna back Jim Jordan because he's
the biggest maniac of them all
and by the way as he runs for Speaker of
the House look I didn't make a big deal
on this we covered it you can go see our
video on it
this guy's accused of covering up sexual
sexual assault when he was a wrestling
coach in Ohio State
look I got mixed feelings about that
case it was a long time ago he didn't do
it it was it was a doctor and and and
the hill by the way now the media the
way that they work with the Republicans
is maddening now in the hill
story they said some of the students
came out and said Jim Jordan did not
know about the abuse yeah that's true
and some of the students came out and
said he didn't know he told us that he
knew but the hill didn't even write that
they're so conservative it's
unbelievable so they're covering for Jim
Jordan so look if you say hey look I
don't know where to come out on that Jim
Jordan story I hear you because that's
cuz you're a fair person okay or you say
I do know where to come out on and he
covered up for that and there's so many
of those students who said yes he
definitely knew right but think about if
it was the shoes on the other foot
oh we know oh if there was a Democrat
who might be Speaker of the House and
they were accused of covering up a child
sex scandal a real one okay
what do you think they would do every ad
in the country against every Democrat
would be the this Democrat wants this
child abusing supporting cover-up
monster to be the Speaker of the House
yeah but hey Republicans are really
really sensitive
you don't want to trigger them they need
their safe space because they will cry
and cry and cry go liberal media why
won't you report our illegal requests
from the Justice Department from our own
Justice Department that we appointed
exactly why won't you let us do these
political hatchet jobs exactly well
we're not gonna let you get away with it
right now
to give you shockingly some voices of
reason in response to all of this we
have a Paul Ryan and Jeff Sessions
standing by Rosenstein and so I want to
go to Ryan first and pay close attention
to what he says about people complying
with what Congress wants do I support
impeachment of Rod Rosen Stein no I do
not I do not for a number of reasons
first it takes it I don't I don't think
we should be cavalier with this process
or with this term number one number two
I don't think that this rises the level
of high crimes and misdemeanors so I
have a really high standard number three
we since I got involved I've been and
I've been getting a lot of compliance
from DOJ on the documentary quest we do
not have full compliance and we
have to get full compliance but we've
been making tremendous progress to that
point so three things there number one
he's like giving us everything you've
given us a lot of documents that's the
leader the Republicans in the house
saying that right
number two is he says does this rise to
high crimes and misdemeanors that's what
you impeach people for you didn't allow
us to look into your active
investigation which is the correct
interpretation of the law that's a high
crime and misdemeanor and point number
three is like let's not be cavalier in
this process you know what that means
he's like knuckleheads you go and
impeach rod Rosenstein and on nothing
well you just set a precedent that we
could impeach people based on very very
little that's right so if the Democrats
could control the house they wouldn't do
anything let's keep the corporate
Democrats will do nothing but just lie
down go kidding about the resistance but
the rent they could use that precedent
go ahead you just impeach your own
Deputy Attorney General over nothing
wait till you see what we got on Trump
so Paul Ryan's like you idiots no we do
not want to go down this road as
Republicans so let's also hear from Jeff
Sessions my deputy rod Rosen Stein is
highly capable I have the highest
confidence in him you probably know not
only did he go to the Wharton School of
Business but I graduated from Harvard
right here in this area so what I would
like Congress to do is to focus on some
of the legal challenges that are out
there we need Congress to deal with the
immigration question there are loopholes
in our laws that are being exploited and
we need to get them focused and we
pleading with them to do so our job and
our enforcement officer jobs are far
more difficult than they need to be
common-sense legislation can make a big
difference that's where I'd like to see
them focus their time obviously but like
leave it to Jeff Sessions to like make
you a little happy by saying something
reasonable and then immediately punch
you in the face with his nonsense yeah
no but that goes to the point we're
making which is look Paul Ryan's not a
good guy yeah he's given everything to
the rich and now he wants to cut Social
Security and Medicare Jeff Sessions
terrible guy he says that I don't want
him doing this basically what is in
essence a witch hunt funny enough right
instead I want them cracking down on
immigrants let's go back to Republican
101 we hate immigrants can you pass me a
law that says that so I can crack down
on them even tougher none of these guys
are remotely moderate let alone
progressive or anything like that
there are deep right-wingers and they're
saying of course you shouldn't impeach
him over this this is so stupid
finally on a super side note I am amused
that now apparently there is one sign of
credibility and and I get this online
from time to time they're like well you
called Donald Trump's stupid well you
didn't go to a school like Wharton
you're right I didn't go to a school
like Wharton I went to Wharton so
apparently the new Republican ideology
is if rosa Stein and Trump went to
Wharton it must be awesome and anyone
who enters really smart I'll take it two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
