during the Obama administration it had
become clear that for-profit colleges
were taking advantage of students and
one of the ways that they were doing so
was by lying to them and defrauding them
with certain recruiting techniques so
for instance they would essentially
convince students that it was worth it
to take out massive amounts of debt
student loan debt because ninety five
percent of students from such programs
will graduate and find gainful
employment well to give you an example
of how deceitful they were in one
instance recruiters would tell students
if you take our sous-chef program you
will be gainfully employed a high
percentage of students end up graduating
and getting a great full-time job well
it turns out that they counted fast-food
workers into that equation right so
these plate numbers is this sous-chef
the one that makes the quarter pounder
and cheese or the chicken McNuggets
neither one of those things sous chefs I
usually work in restaurants right so
look that's one example but they
defrauded so many students and it led to
such disaster that major for-profit
institutions actually shut down under
the Obama administration finally Obama
did something about them well Obama also
promised to forgive their debt because
they didn't end up getting degrees from
reputable institutions their schools
shut down and so the whole point of it
was let's do the debt forgiveness so
these students can move on with their
lives well Betsy DeVos is now gonna undo
all of that progress because she is in
bed with these for-profit colleges and
I'll prove how in just a second now
DeVos proposed to curtail Obama
administration loan forgiveness rules
for students defrauded by for-profit
colleges requiring that student
borrowers show they have fallen into
hopeless financial straits or proof that
their colleges knowingly deceive them so
essentially these students who are
drowning in student loan debt now have
to do their own investigation and prove
how they were defrauded okay and then on
top of that they'd have to prove that
they are in dire financial straits first
of all I don't care if they're in
financial straits or not I know
if the person who was defrauded is a
millionaire if they were defrauded
criminally defrauded that that debt
should be forgiven so look in some of
the standards they talk about they they
say we don't want the entire school
punished for what might be unofficial or
offhanded comments so if a one of the
students says hey they promised to make
me CEO well it's not good enough
evidence and we don't know if that's
true etcetera right but if you put it
into your advertising literature well
that's better evidence okay so that's
part is fair right in my opinion but
when you put the burden on the students
to prove intent exactly that's nearly
impossible so you have to show that okay
they're not doing any of the things that
they promised plus they meant to trick
me that's you're right it is an
impossible legal standard and more
importantly look this applies to
students who went to for-profit colleges
that had to shut down because
investigations found that the the
fraudulent behavior was so widespread
like they couldn't even pay the
settlement and they had to go so to give
you an example iTT Technical Institute
in Corinthian Colleges those were two
massive for-profit college chains that
had to shut down so those students under
this new proposal by Betsy DeVos will
not get their debt forgiven and by the
way here's another thing that you have
to keep in mind so let's go to graphic
36 the department would also require
that relief applicants divulge personal
information that could have impacted
their job prospects beyond their college
experiences including drug test results
that's unacceptable concerns and
performance evaluations she is a bad
person she is the definition of swap she
is the biggest swamp monster
she has packed the education department
with former for-profit college
executives and employees DeVos advisors
include her senior counselor Robert idle
and Diane Jones a senior adviser on
post-secondary education both of whom
worked for career education
Corporation a company that operates
for-profit colleges and reached a ten
point two five million dollar settlement
with the New York Attorney General over
charges that it had inflated graduates
job placement rates also the
department's general counsel Carlos
Nunez worked as a consultant for the
company so these are all for-profit
college cronies so look if you said the
Obama's standards were too lenient and
it was too easy for people to charge
fraud and you wanted to tweak them in
the ways that I talked about earlier
that's a one conversation well that's
not this conversation because this
conversation is curative against the
students so if a college was so corrupt
they went under because of all their bad
practices they say not good enough
evidence you need to prove that they had
bad intended yes okay all right all
right I'm going to put that aside so
let's say you say well look that's just
a legal definition of how to prove your
case or whatever but when then they say
no not only do you have all this onus
and by the way you went to a BS college
and got nothing for it I don't know how
you come up with attorneys that the
criminal intent or the bad intent of the
of this giant institution with their
army of lawyers but on top of that we
get to investigate your life and judge
you so you better watch yourself you
come for any of these private colleges
they're gonna come for you we're gonna
find out if you ever smoked marijuana if
you ever did anything wrong and and
we're gonna and we're this allows them
to do that look what this woman thinks
about you right if you're a college
student who was criminally defrauded by
these institutions she is brushing you
off as a druggie you know as somewhat by
the way using all you have to share your
health issues in order to make your case
oh I mean come on
I mean she's nothing but intimidating a
woman who hasn't had to work a day in
her life she's never had to work a day
in her life the only thing she's done as
education secretary is trying to
dismantle any protections for students
who have been screwed over by for-profit
colleges and other institutions in the
country that's all she's ever cared
about and what does she do to education
in Michigan destroyed it so the
president
National Student Legal Defense Network
the whose job is to protect student said
this year gives fraudulent institutions
de facto immunity exactly immunity
so then what two last things here real
quick she said well no it's ok I'm
saving taxpayers seven hundred million
dollars that otherwise we'd have to give
these students who were defrauded they
were defrauded so that's like saying I
don't know it's okay
I took all the cops off the street and
so I'm saving taxpayer seven hundred
million dollars oh you got your house
robbed that's your problem not my
problem I save taxpayers money no you
didn't save some money that's not how it
works the function of the government is
to protect the citizens both through
cops and through regulation of
fraudulent businesses that robbed them
blind by the way there's one other
component to this she's not done yet
okay so the Obama administration
realized that a lot of these for-profit
colleges for students to sign agreements
arbitration agreements so the students
would never be able to take them to
court and the details of arbitration
would never be public
right Betsy DeVos is trying to undo that
so students would essentially if they
want to go to certain institutions they
would have to sign these agreements and
then they would have absolutely no legal
power against them if there is
wrongdoing by these institutions yes
they can do arbitration but it is it is
not the same as being able to file let's
say a class-action lawsuit or just a
lawsuit against the institution okay and
finally I want to come back um back to
what Ana pointed out about the people
who work in the department how can you
trust that the Department is actually
looking out for the students when the
top officials are career employees of
the for-profit colleges they're supposed
to be regulating so I give you an
example that here maybe it's a little
easier to relate to and I'm sorry that
I'm picking Honda out of a hat here but
let's and it's the Honda didn't actually
do this just to be clear let's say they
had a problem with their brakes and we
there's a regulatory body that's
supposed to regulate Honda and they say
oh don't worry we're gonna investigate
Honda and in order to investigate them
we found their XC
their ex chief financial officer and
their ex head of public relations and
they're investigating Honda even what
why did you want why did you pick the
three people that work for Honda to
investigate Honda that seems like that
might be a conflict of interest that
seems like AI gives me a little bit of
doubt as to whether you know you have
our best interests in mind or Honda's
best interests in mind so I just feel
like this may be a little bit easier to
understand again haunted into it you're
wrong okay in this case she's like yeah
I'm gonna get all these people who have
made all this money from these companies
to regulate those companies and by the
way later they will go and work for
those same companies that yeah right so
this is what the swamp looks like two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
