Betsy DeVos has been the victim of
vandals they have vandalized her forty
million dollar yacht now the forty
million dollar yacht is not the only
yacht she has I by the way let's just
thought for a second forty million
dollars for a boat like its I know
yachts are expensive I'm not an idiot
but like forty million dollars forty
million dollars not one boat she's got
like ten boats but anyway that's the sea
quest that is the boat that was
vandalized
so I guess someone unhooked it and that
and it just kind of drifted away yeah so
there was some damage to the boat it
suffered as much as ten thousand dollars
in damages
DeVos how will she ever recover yeah ten
thousand dollars damage is on a 40
million dollar boat it's why were you
even having a conversation about this
she always nine other luxury boats how
will she ever recover all right so I
want to be super clear don't do that
don't do property damage don't do any
damage at all it's not the right thing
to do okay
so on the other hand are we like not on
the other hand don't do it okay but are
we shutting it here is this like a big
national story poor Betsy DeVos had ten
thousand dollars of damage on a 40
million dollar boat but that's so case
you could use one of our other nine
boats and then buy boats we don't mean
dinghies they're all yachts okay her
family is 1.3 billion dollars that
doesn't mean you should do that doesn't
give you a right to do property damage
yeah of course not right illegal and you
should not do that and I look we don't
know anything about who did it why they
did it we know nothing about that person
so authorities are trying to look for a
suspect they're reviewing positive sir
valence if there is any so hopefully
they do find the person who did it
because that's not right but Wow forty
million dollar like can I have some of
that money they just want to take the
money look all I want all I want is 1.5
million okay and by the way that sounds
like a lot of money right but 1.5
million dollars will buy you a 1500
square foot home in Los Angeles so like
that's all I want that's
that's all okay no in all seriousness
though yes look nobody wants to just
take it rich people's money and just
give it to random people okay that's the
no I'm just kidding I don't I'm kidding
I'm kidding
so that's the stereotype that they put
out there right so but so what do we
want so in in a world where some people
have ten boats some of which are forty
million dollars when we say hey can we
have education for everybody's kids so
that they can have equality of
opportunity not equality of results
nobody get and everybody doesn't get
forty million dollar boats we get that
right of course of course I can't
believe we have to even clarify that but
the world is filled with so many
right-wing lies right so but in in a
world where there is this level of
income inequality is it fair to say hey
maybe the estate tax should be a little
bit higher and and maybe the corporate
taxes should not have been brought down
so much that it costs us trillions of
dollars which not only destroys our
deficit but doesn't allow us to fund
things that would help all Americans
maybe is it okay to fight for a higher
minimum wage for people who are working
really really hard to actually put food
on the table for their family but they
say no they say no then what they just
did and it's real they just gave it a
tax cut that is now valued at one point
nine trillion dollars the majority of
which goes to the rich the top one
percent the people like Betsy DeVos who
who have nine or ten different boats and
they can't keep track on average they
all got sixty one thousand dollar tax
cut every single year the divorces got
way more than that millions upon
millions of dollars that extra tax cuts
that they didn't need then they turn
around and say no we don't have any
money left we don't have money left for
Medicare for all which by the way
actually saves you money so that makes
no sense we don't have money for your
education we don't can't do college for
all but wait a minute you actually could
do that with way less money than the tax
cut that you just gave the divorces so
it is a choice they made a choice to
give it to the people with yachts and
not to give it to the average American
and it's not a matter of
all we're looking for is opportunity and
they're denying us that too because they
just don't have enough yachts two easy
ways to follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
