before we head into our next clip I have
a question asked are you part of the
sixteen percent of folks who are happy
with Congress really or are you part of
the eighty four percent that are pretty
upset now we at TYT are always finding
new ways for you to step in and make a
difference our next clip is brought to
you by fire your congressman calm the
URL obviously speaks for itself this
applies to your congressman or anyone
elses for that matter you can donate
directly against any member of Congress
you don't like so head over to fire your
congressman calm there's a race in
Hawaii and Hawaii is one of the most
progressive states in the country and
what is amazing about the races there's
four candidates that are you know
challenging here and have legitimate
chance of winning one of them is very
very progressive Kanye Lange and he is
does not take core PAC money and he's
uncorrupted etc but what I'm amazed by
is his three opponents and how
incredibly conservative they are why on
God's green earth would well the most
progressive states in the country elect
one of these guys so I'm gonna give you
all for their background so you could
make a decision on your own
so the currently leading is Ed case now
II D case was a former Democratic
Representative from Hawaii so you might
think well I mean Democrat from Hawaii
is probably pretty liberal wrong he was
a Blue Dog Democrat blue dog means a
conservative Democrat meant boy did he
prove it while he was in Congress what
did he do well first of all I should let
you know after he left Congress he how
conservative you was further and it to
the great benefit of his pocketbook he's
a current lobbyist for the largest
non-union hotel chain in Hawaii and he
has made only one point one six million
dollars in the last 18 months right by
being a lobbyist Hawaii you're gonna
elect a lobbyist for your congressman
all right so what was his track record
when he had a chance to prove himself
well unsurprisingly he voted for tax
cuts for the rich so he wanted to
abolish the estate tax so if you're
incredibly if you're a billionaire in
Hawaii I get why you'd want to vote fred
case you're a regular person in Hawaii
this guy's not for you he voted to
support lower taxes on average burgers
No
investment income why rich people will
have more investment income okay that's
two times you vote for the rich to lower
their taxes or even to eliminate them
and then the Bush tax cuts I mean that
was three and a half trillion dollars of
tax cuts mainly to the rich he voted for
what's the point of sending a Democrat
to go vote for these tax cuts that the
Republicans come up with so would he
have voted for the Trump tax cuts maybe
he voted for the Bush tax cuts and they
were larger than the Trump tax cuts they
apparently in cases not met a tax cut
for the rich that he does not love well
which makes sense he's rich he got rich
by being a lobbyist so okay why why on
God's green earth would Hawaii send that
guy to represent them when he doesn't
represent them he's way more
conservative than the voters of Hawaii
and he's currently leading in the polls
that's incredible and I know a lot of it
is name recognition but understand who
Eddie case is this is who he is I'm not
done with him yet he said as recently as
2006 that he would've voted for the Iraq
war well as recently as 2006 but by 2006
even Republicans who are saying ah that
was a disaster 2006 he's still saying I
would have voted for it so he's pro war
Hawaii what do you guys who would
consider this guy he should be dead last
number for another reason he voted to
make the Patriot Act permanent you sent
him at your peril huh Hawaii you sent
into Washington
this guy is a huge track record of
voting with Republicans over and over on
almost every issue you care about wait
to get a lot of what he didn't know 5
that when he was in Congress he voted
with Jeb Han Stirling's amendment first
of all jeb Hensarling one of the most
conservative politicians the whole
country but wait to get a little the
amendment to eliminate funding for PBS
NPR title 10 family planning and money
for Planned Parenthood
you could have send that guy back to
Congress no way no progressive no
Democrat in Hawaii should vote for Edie
case this guy is one of the most
conservative Democrats now if he came
from Nebraska even then I wouldn't want
it I wouldn't want it from Alabama but
from Hawaii no way No
way now look let me give you the Kanye
Lowe's record as a juxtaposition before
I get to the other guys so Kanye Lange
is the only candidate who doesn't take
any corporate PAC money the other guys
say corporate patent money you don't
know who they're working for
they ain't gonna be working for the
corporations in fact they are working
for the corporations in the case of that
case literally also Doug chin and which
I'll tell you about in a second so con
yell doesn't say any corporate bank
money so he you represent you guys he is
the only candidate to support Medicare
for all
well that pulls incredibly well in
Hawaii why would you send the guys who
aren't in favor of the policies you're
in favor of he's got a plan for housing
for all he's I'm gonna show you a clip
where he tells you how Democrats and
progressives should actually fight for
their own side I'll show you that at the
end but he actually cares about the
homeless once actually solvent and there
is a way to solve it
and I can go on and on but I'll give you
one last one he this same-day voter
registration he's the one when he's a
state representative in Hawaii push for
that and got it passed he championed
that legislation by the way one of his
opponents Beth Fukumoto who was a
Republican until about three seconds ago
voted against same-day voter
registration she voted for voter
suppression with the Republicans why she
was a Republican say well let me tell
you more about her she's was a former
Republican but hey look let's be fair
decades ago I was a former Republican
what's the decades ago oh no it was in
2017 that she switched until 2017 she
thought the Republicans were absolutely
right
she thought George W Bush was right
apparently Mitch McConnell paul ryan jeb
Hensarling dick cheney she lives there
dick cheney a thought republicans are
awesome she she wasn't just a republican
voter she was in the republican party
she was a former House Minority Leader
until 2017 as part of the Republican
Party she signed up for that here let me
give you more from about her she voted
no on Obamacare implementation in Hawaii
we're done with that
in Hawaii I mean along with Rhode Island
competitive for the the most progressive
state in the whole country you're gonna
send someone
Congress have voted no on Obamacare
implementation no Obamacare is bad again
she was a Republican so of course you
voted that way she agrees with all those
Republicans this is she says well now
there it went a little too far no
Republicans didn't go a little too far
and they didn't just do it they've been
way way too far for decade after decade
and you know that in Hawaii and but my
favorite about her is she said that
same-sex marriage was quote the greatest
concern for my generation oh well okay
she's a millennial I mean some people
will say oh that's exciting Young
candidate and so look at least she's
right on some issues right written
really concerned about same-sex know she
was against same-sex marriage in 2013
she voted against it and said that it
was the greatest concern of her
generation to make sure that it never
happens
Hawaii you would send this person to
represent you the most progressive
voters in the country is gonna send this
person well it took till 2013 to figure
out that not only was same-sex marriage
was not a bad thing that it wasn't the
worst thing there is but wait till you
get a load of Doug chin so I mean this
is a murderers row of horrific
conservative candidates that have no
business representing Hawaii
so don't chin now is known a little bit
for opposing Donald Trump while in
Hawaii but that's a layup
anybody could oppose Donald Trump that's
the easiest thing in the world but what
do you actually stand for again on the
issue of same-sex marriage I'm gonna go
to a video here now it's an old video
it's from the 90s so I'm giving you a
fair context for it but understand like
Fukumoto until 2013 he was still against
same-sex marriage not 1993 not 2003 he
was against it all the way to 2013 also
a former Republican so get a load of how
much he couldn't stand the idea of gay
people loving each other this is a
sermon that he gave to think that you
know better than the creator of the
universe on how to deal with your family
but the buh-buh-buh-buh-buh buhbuh
buhbuh buhbuh buhbuh my family taught me
something different my family taught me
something different from what the Bible
teaches well okay the Bible is right
your family is wrong
is there any shame in that okay what's
so bad about that
God is right your family's wrong
is there anything brother that's fine
okay let's do something constructive
with that amen no there is shame in that
so if a family member is gay you're
gonna tell them or you're gonna scream
at him God is right and your family's
wrong what's wrong with that he asks
well there's a lot wrong with that and
if you can't see that that is deeply
problematic I don't know if he's ever
switched on same-sex marriage or if he's
switched on at a day ago or a year ago I
dunno until 2013 he was totally against
it now there's a lot of people because
they'd like to win in Hawaii pretending
to be progressive oh yeah yeah I'm super
progressive I kind of don't like Donald
Trump I decided a little bit later I did
that I don't love every one of his
policies hey why you want to vote for me
no no no these are former Republicans
and so now but this is the capper you're
thinking about Doug chin okay he is also
a former lobbyist who did he lobby for
correction Corporation of America now
known as core civic private prisons did
you know private prisons arrest and
incarcerate a Native Hawaiians at higher
rates how much money did he take from
them a hundred thousand dollars and then
he became Attorney General of Hawaii and
I'm sure in a shocking coincidence
core Civic received forty five million
dollar annual contract for private
prisons in Hawaii look I don't know that
anyone can show for a hundred percent
certainty that he takes a hundred
thousand dollars from to be a lobbyist
for private prisons and then all of a
sudden they get forty five million
dollar contract maybe it's a coincidence
do you want a private prison lobbyist
who got paid to lock up his fellow
citizens right or wrong and if you don't
think those private prisons care about
their profit motive and they they care
about justice
cut of your head examined now okay they
don't care if you're guilty or not
guilty they get paid unincorporated you
and this guy got paid to represent them
and the most progressive state in the
Union is gonna send a private prison
lobbyist to Congress hell no no no if
you live in Hawaii you have got to get
out there and vote in the primary it is
coming up in fact you can start voting
right now you have got to get into this
fight right now okay so look I'll give
you right now two different things
you're doing that I'm going to show you
a clip of Kahn yellow egg so you get a
sense of who he is so number one you can
do justice Democrats calm slash Kanye
Lange that is a way to for him to hire
staffers so that he could court need the
volunteers because other guys I don't
know if they got any volunteers they got
a lot of corporate money I don't know if
they have any volunteers Cannella has
volunteers and I and by the way you can
volunteer from all across the country
making phone calls is the most important
thing do it and and the elections right
now people are mailing in balance right
now you've got so get on the phones you
progressives all across the country you
can make a difference
don't let conservatives take Hawaii
that's insane so the person who's going
to help him was Alison Hardison she ran
for office here in California now she's
been going around the country helping
fellow progressives she helped out
Center at Casa Cortez she's in Hawaii
right now helping con yelling go
volunteer through Alison Hartson comm
slash now Alison hearts and calm slash
now Bulger is the most important thing
for these uncorrupted Kennedy's so now
all the other three are unbelievably
conservative how about con yella
well in the middle of a debate they
asked them should you work with
Republicans and reach across the aisle
now the other three you know their
answer oh oh we reach out to the
Republicans that's how we're gonna give
things done here was cannulas answer
bipartisanship in Congress like let's
not kid ourselves I don't think any of
us on this panel can sit across from
Donald Trump and hash out something
that'll actually work for working people
in Hawaii maybe we could tack in some
few things in infrastructure spending
but it won't be to compromise it
through fighting vigorously and fiercely
for working people and that's what we
need I mean look at Affordable Care Act
Obamacare great a lot of people rely on
it but we made 40 Republican amendments
for what zero Republican votes and then
and then after that compromise they come
in there and say that's your position
here's our position even though we
already compromised it let's stop
getting had by Republicans to start
leading with an affirmative vision so
when we're saying like like restore net
neutrality we should go bold in that we
should say public broadband high-speed
across the nation we shouldn't just say
protect ACA we should say Medicare for
all now and not just affordable housing
but housing for all if we can afford
three million-dollar condos in Kakaako
we can afford the house all of us here
in Hawaii scarcity is a political choice
we need the will to take it I love what
he sent it down there scarcity is a
political choice so when they want to
find one-and-a-half trillion dollars in
tax cuts for Donald Trump oppan sudden
they find it right away
when they wanted to find three and a
half trillion dollars in tax cuts for
george w bush not only did they find it
right away but Ed case helped them find
it but then when you say hey let's
provide homes in Hawaii or let's provide
health care in Hawaii all of a sudden a
job it's scarcity I choose not to give
it to the people of Hawaii
they keep choosing to give to the
richest people in the country and to
their donors but not to the people of
Hawaii
Kanye laying is right scarcity is a
political choice he's right
all the three of them want to work with
Republicans to over more Republicans the
other one voted with the Republicans
non-stop and what did we get we got
nothing back we got no compromise from
the Republicans you're getting 40
amendments out Obamacare and got no
votes how about we fight instead Hawaii
I am so proud of the state for being one
of the most progressive states Bernie
Sanders won crushing victories there
Tulsi gabbard's an amazing
representative from Hawaii you deserve
someone as progressive as you to fight
for you that's Conn yelling get in the
fight right now
- easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscriber
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on YouTube you are notified of
our videos
