Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
Republicans were planning on running
their campaigns based on Donald Trump's
tax cuts now Congress successfully gave
tax cuts to the wealthy even though the
tax cuts for the wealthy we're polling
horribly among the American people now
it turns out that they're abandoning
that platform idea because it is not
looking good for them and they're
pivoting to something completely
different
whether it's border security or identity
politics anything other than the tax
cuts so I have a few examples for you
and I want to start off with Ohio's
upcoming special election for its 12th
district so this is a congressional race
you have Republican Tory Ball derson
versus Democrat Danny O'Connor and so
the first strategy that Baldr Sion's
campaign wanted to utilize was tax cuts
and they wanted to feature ads where
middle-class Americans were hailing
Trump and correctional Republicans for
successfully passing these tax cuts so
I'll give you an example of one of their
ads take a look as a mom of three I
really appreciate the middle-class tax
cut it's saving families like my own
over $2,500 a year
I'm voting from toy ball derson because
I trust him to protect the middle-class
tax cut Nancy Pelosi called our tax cut
crumbs and promised to raise our taxes
and Danny O'Connor is standing with her
no I don't know if Nancy Pelosi called
those tax cuts crumbs but if she did she
was accurate because the middle class
either saw a tiny increase in their
take-home pay or no increase at all in
some cases especially middle-class
earners living in states like California
for instance or New York they actually
did not get a tax cut at all they were
paying more in taxes they will pay more
in taxes when they file because they
cannot deduct their state taxes in their
federal taxes so look Americans get paid
they see what their paychecks look like
you can't keep lying to them and so what
did Danny O'Connor do he decided to hit
back by
highlighting how much Americans actually
hate these handouts to the wealthy take
a look
Congress a choice Troy Ball derson
supports a corporate tax giveaway that
racks up two trillion in debt forcing
massive tax hikes on our kids our deep
cuts to Social Security and Medicare now
ball derson goes further saying I have
no problems raising the retirement age
The Dispatch endorses Danny O'Connor
Social Security and Medicare are things
that folks earned by doing things the
right way and that's why I will stand
against any cuts to Social Security and
Medicare I'm Danny O'Connor and I
approve this message
okay so just keep in mind that in Ohio's
12th district Trump very comfortably won
by 11 points and this is this was
completely unexpected but now there is a
very tight race and it's just I love it
I love all of this subject yeah yeah so
look i for me it's totally expected
they're gonna lose that seat and they're
gonna lose
dozens upon dozens of seats they're in a
world of hurt and so let me give you my
sense of why so first of all and brag
about tax cuts is Republican 101 it's
their playbook that they have run for as
long as I have been alive now in Connor
lambs race in Pennsylvania Trump had won
that seat by 20 points
they lost now we go on with our lives as
if that's not a harbinger of things to
come but it is we go on as if these are
not big deals when a Democratic
Socialist won in the middle of Virginia
against one of the Republican leaders in
the state in the middle of Virginia and
not like not a costumer Cortez who ran
on it if you ask me the heart of our
campaign was really solidly progressive
things like Medicare for all in higher
wages the guy in Virginia just real
democratic socialist no joke okay and
and I'm look and it's not a thing
against the constant Cortes at all III
aligned with her positions much more but
these are massive swings they're
happening all across the country and
we're pretending like it's not happening
it is right so an 11-point lead gone
well but look there
withdrawing their ads about tax cuts you
know why they do that because they have
internal polling and the polling is
showing get those ads off the air yes
not only are they not working and it's a
waste of money it's counterproductive
same thing happened in the Conner Lam
race in Pennsylvania they ran a whole
bunch of ads like tax cuts for the rich
isn't it great of course they don't stay
rich they say tax cuts free oh isn't it
great
and people like yeah I just saw my
paycheck no not great and remember that
tax cut for the wealthy was immediately
followed with people like Paul Ryan
going in the media and talking about how
they needed to cut entitlements and
Americans aren't stupid they think they
are you know they say entitlements and
they think Americans are idiots they're
just gonna think Oh these are handouts
we don't like handouts but know people
know that when you say entitlement
you're talking about Social Security
you're talking about Medicare and those
are popular programs and they're not
buying your your complete BS anymore
they they're so out of ideas guys that
they are now running positive ads
Republicans never run positive ads you
only run positive ads if you're screwed
and none of your negative ads are
working I'm keeping it real with you
guys okay look that's politics I've been
covering this for well over 20 years
Republicans never run positive ads and
but they have all this money that they
raise from corporate interests and none
of their ads are working so they're like
Oh get the tax ads off the air it's
costing us points we're going further
and further behind so now in some of the
races they're running positive
biographies of their candidates yes like
they're a good person that doesn't get
the job done in politics and it is not
what Republicans do ever that means
they're out of any ideas the only thing
they got left is that as they're running
everywhere and there's two categories
Gary Brown people coming into the
country and we're gonna crush and the
Democrats would let all the brown people
in the country
okay now that will motivate some of your
base and I know why you're running those
but that isn't gonna win you an election
man you need independent voters and I've
seen the polling the polling indicates
that actually the overwhelming majority
people including the independents want a
pathway to citizenship
so I know you're trying to scare the
crap out of them but it's a really
really old playbook in that sense and if
that's your only move you're in a world
of trouble because you're not talking
about economic issues which they care
about a lot more and of course the
second thing is scary woman and they
think that it's because Americans think
she's really too liberal but look the
other ads they're running it doesn't
have Bernie Sanders in it okay it
doesn't have all these people who are
actually very very progressive now does
have Elizabeth Warren but it is curious
why not Pelosi a Schumer who are the two
leaders know the ads generally have
Pelosi and if they have anyone else
it has Elizabeth Warren why not have
Schumer Schumer is a guy who's
considered you know liberal elitist the
center I don't think he is liberal but
that is the same that's what the
perception is but they don't have
Schumer in that yeah so they're gonna go
to the well on misogyny and and fear and
hatred right but that well already gets
them their twenty eight percent base and
that base is a movable but they've lost
the independence they're in for a world
of hurt here and I also want to provide
some evidence for you guys pertaining to
wages after the tax cuts because that
was also one of the arguments that Trump
and Republicans in Congress would use in
order to drum up support for these tax
cuts these corporations are gonna
increase your wages that did not happen
so let's go to graphic forty nine this
is a study done by pay scale and they
found that in the first quarter of 2018
wages actually dropped significantly no
I need you to study this truck because
this is one of the most important charts
you'll see and it is an indication
unfortunately of both how the corporate
Democratic and Republican parties have
screwed you because that chart does fall
precipitously under Donald Trump but the
numbers have been bad throughout if you
notice the good numbers are at negative
seven and a half percent wage grows
exactly negative seven and a half those
are the
best numbers okay and then it falls into
near nine and a half negative nine and a
half so what that shows you is how the
corporatists in both parties have been
screwing you for decade after decade
that's part of what part of why america
voted for Trump over Hillary Clinton
because they don't know that chart in
particular but they feel it in their gut
they see their paychecks they snow that
they used to make a good living and have
some sort of economic dignity and they
don't anymore and they make a terrible
living and they had gotta work two three
jobs to maintain themselves it's not a
mirage you were right all along
they are screwing you you do have
negative wage growth when you count
inflation into it now it's also true
that the Republican Party is worse and
that's why the chart goes down like that
like it was already terrible under the
corporate Democrats then it got WAY
worse under the corporate Republicans
led by Donald Trump that is the swamp
that's the swamp you hated that's why
you throw a brick through their window
and you voted for Trump because you
hated the system so much but it turns
out Trump's even worse go populist left
vote for people who actually care about
you and how do you know how can you tell
well do they take corporate money or
don't think take corporate money now
look the Democrats have wizened up and
in all their ads including the one we
just showed you they're attacking
corporate tax breaks corporate giveaways
why because they're polling indicates
what we have said all along which is
that Americans actually hate big
corporations they get crushed by big
corporations so you could tell them all
day long on MSNBC and CNN how wonderful
big corporations are they're not buying
it they work for big corporations and
they've seen their wages get crushed so
now now that the corporate Democrats are
necessarily are going to help you in
that regard but at least they're smart
enough to go oh the polling indicates
they hate corporations this was a
terrible corporate tax break and they
shouldn't given it to corporations they
should have kept it with you that's a
winning political strategy they're gonna
crush the Republicans in this election
cycle now it is incumbent upon all of us
yes to help them do that because the
Republicans are worse
it's that part is true you could see it
in every number but it is also common to
come upon us to keep the Democrats
honest yes because if they take that
corporate PAC money and this was all
just a gimmick and they go back to
crushing you and lower your wages then
we haven't made a difference
that's why support Democrats that don't
take corporate PAC money that's when you
know they're uncorrupted and are
actually on your side and not their side
two easy ways follow young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on youtube you're
notified of our videos
