cNN has obtained some of the audio that
Michael Cohen had recorded during his
discussions with Donald Trump now the
recent story has everything to do with a
Playboy model former Playboy model that
Donald Trump allegedly had an affair
with and that allegation is true that's
true yes he had an affair with her and
and the the tape that we will have you
listen to in just a minute will prove
just that but this particular audio has
to do with Karen McDougal again former
Playboy model who had an affair with
Donald Trump and of course Donald Trump
had denied any involvement with her
denied any efforts to offer her money to
hush her up so we're gonna give you the
details give you some context before we
toss to that audio just before Election
Day just before Election Day The Wall
Street Journal had actually broken a
story uncovering a secret deal with the
National Inquirer to buy the silence of
a former Playboy model that's Karen
McDougal who said she had an affair with
Donald Trump and his campaign issued a
denial of that in fact hope Hicks
specifically said we have no knowledge
of any of this the claim of an affair
was totally untrue now fast-forward to
today and we have audio the audio
recording of Trump and Cohen relates to
whether Trump should buy the rights of
the story from American media that is
the parent company of National Enquirer
which paid mcdougal 150 thousand dollars
in August in 2016 for her story about an
alleged 10 month affair with Trump the
story was never published by Ami now
that is a strategy known as catch and
kill they are supporters of Donald Trump
which is why they didn't publish that
story and again Trump claimed that he
had absolutely no knowledge of any of
this well here's the audio that CNN
obtained and it seems as though in his
conversations with Michael Cohen right
before the election he knew exactly what
what was going on I need to open up a
company
or the transfer of all of that info
regarding our friend David you know so
that I'm gonna do that right away I've
actually come up to me and I've spoken
to Allen weiselberger about how to set
the whole thing up with funding yes and
it's all the stuff all the stuff because
here you never know where that company
you never know where he's gonna get it
correct so I'm I'm all over that and I
spoke to Alan about it when it comes
time for the financing which will be you
listen what phase what have to get no no
no no I got no no okay so there's a lot
that comes out of that tape number one
is what Ana was referring to we're done
with alleged affair clearly he had the
affair clearly paid her off it's right
there in the tapes there's no question
about it okay so we're done with that
portion of the story by the way
evangelical voters have voted for him I
hope you're proud that is yet another
affair that has now confirmed that he
had by the way his wife had just given
birth and and that's when he was having
that affair back in the day and he is
such a slimeball that he's paying people
off not to talk about his extramarital
affairs but I I hope you're proud I know
you think God works in mysterious ways
and has picked the what George will said
basically slime to to represent you guys
hey you said you were worried about Bill
Clinton and morality in the Oval Office
okay I assume that you're apologizing
right now to every progressive you ever
met I'm so sorry I was just kidding I
don't care about morality in the Oval
Office at all morality and the president
I kind of hate it I love you morality
just admit it if you're an evangelical
voter and move on with your life okay
you never cared about morality it was
always a lot
okay now honor the parts that might or
might not be illegal so as you see there
they're talking about payments first
before we get to the cash or no cash
which gets to the potential may be
illegality I love that Cohen's like so
American media their owners of National
Enquirer pay $150,000 to
until the story is an appointed out and
and Cole was like now we got to pay him
back that's kind of how it works and
Trump's like what financing yeah okay
well we well you've done this before but
every time you bring up is something
that he has to pay so I don't pay hey i
don't talk about and then cause like we
asked him to basically he's implying we
asked him to kill the story you got it
now pay him and he's like fine
and then we get into the question of
whether it's cash or not right exactly I
mean Trump is notorious and this is
based on what people close to Trump have
said about him he's notorious for not
wanting to pay for anything even when
you know the payment would actually
secure you know his presidency or his
election from from a scandal that could
you know really hurt him he doesn't care
he so here Michael Cohen yes you're
right is encouraging him hey we got a we
got to pay and my back and then let's
talk a little bit about the cash
component of it because there's there
seems to be some disagreement so Trump's
camp is saying that no Trump did not
suggest financing this in cash
Michael Cohen's camp is saying that is
not true Trump wanted to finance this in
cash but Michael Cohen is you can
clearly hear in that audio indicated
that he wanted to create a an
organization a company to kind of funnel
this money through to kind of hide the
payment right now that's relevant for a
number of different reasons and we'll
get to that in just a second but first
here is Rudy Giuliani responding to the
audio and saying that Trump no they said
nothing about paying in cash I agree
with you to say it's a little bit hard
to hear but I assure you that we listen
to it numerous numerous times and the
transcript makes it quite clear at the
end the President Trump says quote don't
pay with cash Cohen Dan interrupts and
says no no no I got it and then you hear
distinctly if you're careful and you
slow it down check and then Cohen
followed with no no no and then quickly
cuts off the date which indicates
exactly where she was saying that Cohen
doesn't want the rest of the court
because it was to expel satori from the
point of view the press there's no way
the president is gonna be talking about
setting up a corporation and then using
catch unless you're a complete idiot
any chance president bang Digga no we
have our answer right there he just
accidentally admitted it I mean no
there's no way you would do that unless
you're a complete idiot check we already
know that the president's a total
complete idiot he did look even though
he's done this before and that's why I'm
telling you people do not that know or
understand the depth of how stupid
Donald Trump is he's done these kind of
payments before but every time you come
to me like what financing all right
let's paint in a you know suitcase floor
cash comes like no we set up a company
we funnel the money through it so that
we at least have the veneer of legality
right right and he's like oh right right
right okay so that's part one part two
it in right now what Giuliani said is if
you can we just played you the tape and
if you want you can go back and rewind
and it is to look in my opinion it is
not perfectly clear when Giuliani says
he clearly says that we don't pay in
cash Trump says we don't pay in cash
that's not clear at all no I'd listen to
it about ten times and what I heard is
we'll have to pay with cash right
but if you say Yanni and I say Laurel I
hear your brother okay so I understand
that and any you might bring your own
biases and I might bring my own biases
into it and it is what Trump says is a
little muddled it is not perfectly clear
either way but now let's talk about the
context that gives us clues as to what
people might have said remember Cohen is
the one who recorded it and while he's
recording it he knows he's recording it
so he's not going to want to admit to
your legal things that's why when Trump
says in my opinion we'll have to pay in
cash he goes no no no no because he
knows he's on tape Trump doesn't know
he's on tape and so Cole goes no no no
no no let's set up a company etc that's
a great point yes and nobody talks about
that now by the way the tape is cut this
is not I don't give a damn about Michael
Cohen and I have no interest in
protecting all I want to do is find out
the truth right and and if you say you
don't like Trump you're goddamn right I
don't so I'm very clear about
my perspective but it might be the Kohen
cut the tape not because the rest showed
how innocent Donald Trump is right now
technically Cohen hasn't even turned on
Donald Trump I mean it's obvious he's
going to but he hasn't yet so it's not
like he's even necessarily negotiating
with prosecutors yet he hasn't been
charged yeah look we don't have any
confirmation that he's already working
with prosecutors but we already know
that he has turned on Trump and so
Cohen's attorney is making media
appearances and and saying some pretty
damning things about Trump yeah I hear
you on that but I don't think his main
thing and cutting the tape is because it
would have shown that Donald Trump is
innocent you'd like you to find that
tape okay I like anybody to find that
day it doesn't exist he might have cut
off the tape because that Michael Cohen
might have said things that were illegal
afterwards he might have talked with
Trump about okay look we can't do it in
a suitcase we'll try cash you
knucklehead but even if we set it up
through these ghost companies this shady
business and that's why he might have
cut the tape because it ain't implicates
him as well but it right now the tape
that is presented by Michael Cohen
implicates Donald Trump
so Lanny Davis who is the attorney for
Michael Cohen did a few media
appearances namely with Cuomo on CNN and
I thought what he had to say about
utilizing cash was interesting and also
accurate so take a look Richard Nixon
couldn't spin the tape that did him in
and there's no way that mr. Giuliani
who knows from being US Attorney the
only people who use cash or drug dealers
and mobsters cash is not what you do and
it was Michael Cohen who said no no no
no so is Jake had mentioned yeah he said
no no no no because he knew he was being
recorded which even I I didn't really
think about that you're right I see it
mentioned almost nowhere else but it's
obvious that he knows he's recorded okay
so two things about Lanny Davis number
one huge Clinton supporters so that's
why Anna's right we already know cones
flipped on Trump in just the lawyers
that he is hired and here's Lanny Davis
cones attorney attacking Giuliani
Trump's attorney so they are obviously
fighting there's no question about that
number two
you know this is based on stories that
we have done we've shared with you guys
whether it was using you know
undocumented immigrants for his jobs
whether he was using the same attorneys
as mobsters and and associations with
those same officers etcetera what
appears on its face to be money
laundering involving the Russians for
decades I think Donald Trump is a
lifelong criminal so that's why he
thinks maybe I should pay it in cash
like no rational human being doing a
business deal in today's environment
would be like hey maybe I should Bank
him withdraw a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars in cash no one in their
right mind does that unless they're
doing some sort of criminal activity but
again you could listen to that tape and
think he's saying that no we're not
gonna do it in cash but what you cannot
conclude is oh they didn't buy off Susan
MacDougall's songs because they clearly
clearly did Karen McDougal I'm sorry
Karen McDougal there's so many women
though I mean it's hard to kiss me what
did I did I say Susan Susan
that's funny cuz that's a white water
person okay so can we talk a little bit
more about the cash versus setting up a
corporation thing because what I'm
curious about is look yes you're right
that you know the mobsters usually use
the tactic of using cash to pay people
off but whether he's using cash or
setting up this this corporation isn't
paying off someone in a way - or paying
a media organization to catch and kill a
story isn't that some sort of violation
of campaign laws any type of law I mean
it just seems so shady
yeah so it totally depends so if you had
a relationship and you don't want your
wife to find out about it and you just
want to pay the person hundred fifty
thousand dollars not to talk my guess is
that that is not illegal okay if you do
it right before an election and you do
not reveal who is giving 150 thousand
dollars and if it's not Donald Trump
it's worse okay because then that is a
in kind campaign contribution so then
you get into the thicket of was it
Donald Trump who gave 105
$2,000 was it technically one of these
companies that shell companies they set
up was it David pecker who runs American
media and and made the deal in the first
place so that's where you might get into
some illegalities so there's the obvious
lies that's just a political issue and
then there if it was just a payout not
at all related to campaigns you might
have some legal issues but not as many
since it's right in the middle of a
campaign you have a lot more legal
issues and that's what they're gonna
have to sort out exactly so that is you
know that is an interpretation that I've
heard and I'm always curious to see how
conservatives are responding to all this
stuff because you hear - you've heard
excuse after excuse in terms of what
Trump has done how he's done it it seems
as though he's gotten away with pretty
much everything
however Judge Napolitano has been openly
critical of Trump and he was also asked
about the legality of this whole
situation involving Karen McDougal so I
want to go to Napolitano's analysis of
this this is video 5 so I'm skipping
ahead let's take a look at what he had
to say there doesn't appear to be the
indication of any crime but I think
that's the wrong analysis there is an
indication of a fraud and the
significance of that is if the client
and the lawyer discussed the commission
of a crime or discussed the commission
of a fraud there is no attorney-client
privilege in that conversation
meaning the tape can be used by anybody
who can get their hands on it for any
purposes which would include which would
include MacDougal if she's suing the
president which would include Bob Muller
if he's investigating the president now
what's the fraud the conversation is
about paying national is about paying
national enquirer
to pay mcdougal 150 thousand dollars to
buy her story and to lead her to believe
that the National Enquirer is going to
publish her story but they
aim here is to bury the story by duping
her into selling it to them and then not
publishing that failure to be truthful
to her and the involvement of Donald
Trump and Michael Cohen in that decision
is the fraud you say that's not a
criminal fraud it's a civil fraud to
think the president something to worry
about yes you do yes I do based on if
there's a no attorney-client privilege
than all his communications about these
subject matters with Michael Cohen go
right to Bob Muller and to do with
whatever he's gonna do with it yeah
so let me fill that out just a little
bit more cuz I and I those are great
points I keep getting credit than their
balls out on Fox News but he's earned it
he's being honest so you she can bring
you a civil suit saying hey America
media told me they were gonna publish
the story on top of that they said that
I was gonna get a column and I was gonna
KITT and I was gonna be on the cover
over and over again that was part of
what they were paying me for and you can
tell if they were honest or not one we
have the tapes it's already done we
already know that the whole thing was a
scheme to cover it up
but number two they never published any
columns they never put her out in the
cover they never did any of the things
that they said so it's an excellent case
to bring a civil lawsuit and in this
case they do civil fraud which is clear
on the tape no matter what you think you
said about cash in which case all this
is admissible now the thing is it
probably would have gotten in anyway but
Rudy Giuliani is and Trump or such
morons that they weighed their
attorney-client privilege on these tapes
yes and and I was thinking even at this
late juncture I thought do they know
something I don't know like I wonder why
they did that no the answer is simpler
they're dumb how do I know that because
today Giuliani came out and said a job
we met attorney-client privilege oh you
schmuck oh you're so stupid
why did you waive it earlier you can't
walk back you know the actions that
you've already taken pertaining to
attorney-client privilege remember the
first sign of ignorance from the Trump
camp was when Trump went on Fox &
Friends and totally minimized the the
legal relationship that he had with
Michael Cohen and you know the hosts on
fox and friends were like oh no like
just trying to get
to walk his statements back during that
interview because it was gonna hurt him
legally moving forward he didn't walk it
back because they didn't know any better
yes so now today Giuliani talking about
like I don't know what these tapes are
even out I mean there's attorney-client
privilege oh wow
wow they're so incompetent by the way
there's things that are out in the open
that people are ignoring because I don't
know it's uncomfortable they don't want
to say things that are obvious anyway
all the professional lawyers almost all
the professional lawyers that Donald
Trump had have already left the building
that's why he's with clowns like Rudy
Giuliani who are mainly political actors
right and apparently buffoonish once the
fact that several of his high-profile
actual professional attorneys have quit
is amazing if you're defending the
president of the United States that's a
career building career-defining case you
don't voluntarily walk out of that
unless your hair is on fire you're like
this guy is both total moron and totally
guilty I gotta get out of here
so they've all left the building that's
all that leaves Giuliani and him going
huh I waive the privilege I met
privilege I'm a privilege oh no total
clown show so what is the response from
Donald Trump he has decided to attack
Michael Cohen on Twitter so let's read a
few of those tweets right now he said
what kind of lawyer would tape a client
so sad is this a first never heard of it
before
why was the tape so abruptly terminated
and then in parenthesis cut presumably
saying positive things I hear there are
other clients and many reporters that
are taped can this be so too bad
so look remember prosecutors rated
Cohen's property they've obtained all of
this audio I believe 12 tapes in total
so whether it's edited or not we'll find
the truth in the end and so I'm curious
to see how this all plays out but so far
it's not looking good for Trump I mean
just based on that tweet you're right he
is just shaking in his boots and doesn't
know what to do I mean he's not even
really responding to the contents of
that audio he
doing character assassination against
Michael Cohen so let me tell you why
he's so scared of it in one site I have
to note before I get to that one we just
got used to a president who writes
tweets saying so sad too bad you're so
right like what normalize that he's
being a total child buffoon anyway
now when he said what kind of a lawyer
would table client a lot of people have
already said this I'm not the first to
say it but like the kind of client who
doesn't try it kind of lawyer that
doesn't trust their client yeah and
knows their client is both a criminal
and will turn on him at some point
that's kind of the situation we're in
so finally why is Trump so panicked if
it's civil fraud and he's probably not
gonna get brought up on charges you eat
like I said there might be some campaign
finance violations no he's worried about
the 11 other tapes this is the first
tape this is it this is like an
appetizer at one of those French
restaurants where they bring you like
this tiny tiny little appetizer they're
like enjoy no no you're about to get a
seven-course meal or apparently a
12-course meal there's 12 tapes the
others are much worse we haven't yet hit
rashard we don't I don't know if she's
in the tapes but that's the former
Playboy model who they say Donald Trump
didn't sleep with oh that's when they
serve you the bitter greens but okay but
I will tell you this if they if Bashar
does on the tapes that's the one they
say no Trump didn't sleep with her
broidy there is finance guy slept with
her and didn't pay her 150 or 130,000
paid or 1.6 million she happened to get
an abortion but that's not necessarily
connected unless it's in the tapes yeah
look I don't know we'll see we'll see oh
oh by the way or a hundred other
criminal things that Donald Trump is
done so this is the tip of the iceberg I
can't wait for the iceberg well I want
to leave you with this for people like
jank who have heard these audio tapes
and
read these stories and and are starting
to be swayed by this content
Donald Trump has a message for you you
said this quote what you're seeing and
what you're reading is not what's
happening that is the defining quote of
Donald Trump okay
but I believe your lying eyes yeah I
actually am glad you reminded me because
I actually do there is one more tape
that we got it's and it just has a very
simple message on it it says I heard
Donald Trump was backing into it as he
would say two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
