okay two fascists back-to-back first is
laura ingraham she did a segment tonight
saying that you got to go vote in
November if you're a Republican
otherwise the Democrats are gonna
replace you with immigrants okay well at
least her intentions are clear so let's
go over it first of all who's you
replace you with immigrants mmm I'm an
immigrant so I would replace myself with
myself but of course she doesn't view it
that way you is white people so she's
telling your audience you're all white
you don't like immigrants I don't like
immigrants and well we're gonna have the
Democrats bring them in here and replace
white people hello don't let them do
that because we're fascist and we are
white supremacists and so we want white
people to rule over the immigrants as we
have throughout the history of the
country and we want to dominate and
oppress them so don't let them have
equal footing where they would have the
same vote as a white person the same per
vote I got news for Laura Ingraham I'm
an immigrant and I'm 100% American so
sad day for you and immigrants are just
as American as you are and you think oh
come on don't be ridiculous I'm white we
don't care the Constitution doesn't care
our democracy doesn't care it's not
supposed to care that's what's made
America great that it's welcoming to
everyone
not because it's racist like you Lauren
do you wanna oh my god did I offend you
your guess all immigrants but the minute
you call them racist or bigoted they're
like crying need a safe space etc Laura
thank you at least you admitted it you
know there was in charlottesville yeah
that horrific chanda gives you chill
down your spine when the neo-nazis
marched and and though all right and the
white supremacist Marcia Charlotte's
Ville the chant was the Jews will not
replace us now Laura Ingraham has
literally said don't let the immigrants
replace us the immigrants will not
replace us so just broaden Jews a little
bit to all immigrants and it's literally
a fascist chant okay now how about Steve
King he said wait wait wait wait
laura ingraham you think you're an out
fascist me hold my beer okay so he
endorsed faith Goldie in running for
mayor in Toronto she went on daily
stormer after unite the right rally that
rally in Charlottesville Nazis March
they kill Heather hire she goes on the
Nazi podcast afterwards okay not to
condemn them no she went on there as a
guest she endorsed a book that called
for the elimination of Jews this is
where we are guys there's a congressman
who's endorsing someone who believes in
concepts like the elimination of Jews
she recited the fourteen words that are
the Nazi pledge they're in the halls of
power they're in the house they're in
the house literally get out get out well
good news is 19 days left and soon they
will be out and by the way that is why
they're in a panic and that's why
they're turning to fascism and it
basically openly admitting their
intentions because they have lost and
I'm not just talking about losing it in
this particular race they know that
they're gonna lose in 2020 and then when
they do that they can't rig the system
anymore with their gerrymandering and
draw all the lines themselves which is
what they did in 2010 to give themselves
a totally unfair advantage in fact more
Americans voted for Democrats in the
house and the Senate yet the Republicans
control both why because the
gerrymandering and other rules of the
Republicans put in place if the
Democrats would in 2020 it is all over
you could draw fair lines you could draw
any lines you want there is a yes a
giant demographic advantage and yes the
Republican Party made its bed it made
its racist bed
did the Southern Strategy it hated black
people in 2004 it ran a campaign against
gay people yes that was Karl Rove george
w bush they blame Trump now and they're
right too but it's not like Bush was
that much better
he picked another and he picked on him
and he was bigoted against them he was
discriminatory against them and that is
the essence of the Republican Party
don't kid yourself then now they're down
to a bunch of old angry white men
watching Fox News yelling at the TV the
average age of the Fox News audience is
so congratulations Laura we got your
base riled up one last time you too
Steve King but you guys are done and you
know it okay if you don't forget whether
you're an immigrant or you're Jewish or
you're Muslim or you're black or Latino
Gayle any of the groups they picked on
if you just all you need to do is
believe in the concept of America and
and I believe in all Americans of all
races and all religions I believe in you
and I believe that you're not like Laura
Ingraham obviously some of her viewers
are you're not like Steve King and I
don't even think all of his voters are
that way at all I think a lot of them
don't know how extreme he is I know some
are I don't kid myself about that but I
don't think most are I think we're gonna
rise up in November so on November 6
they're gonna find out what this country
is all about in this country has the
potential to be great and that starts
with a rejection of these outright
fascists
