Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts an
editor with the Daily Caller
conservative news outlet decided to
attend a rally where a costume
Alexandria Castillo Cortez was speaking
at now
Acacio Cortez of course is the
progressive candidate who beats a an
establishment Democrat in in New York it
was a stunning upset a lot of people
didn't expect it except for here at TYT
where we totally expected it and so
conservatives now are trying to figure
out what's going on is there like wait a
minute
she is identifying as a Democratic
Socialist isn't socialism bad haven't we
done enough fear-mongering about
government programs like let's try to
figure out what's going on so this one
reporter she's actually an editor at The
Daily Caller her name is Virginia cruda
decides to attend this event and then
she goes on Fox News to explain what she
found and she's trying really hard to
make it sound bad and she's failing
miserably without further ado let's look
at the first video tell us why you went
to her rally what was the interest
thanks for having me well I I went kind
of see what the fuss was about really
because I mean I've been to conservative
rallies before I've been to a Trump
speech I've been to a Ted Cruz rally
when he was running for president and I
just kind of wanted to see you know why
the message was resonating because
really the socialist message is gaining
steam within the Democrat Party so based
upon what you saw why are people drawn
to this message um well I I was
listening to to them talked to a patio
Cortes and also to Cory Bush who she was
stumping for it in st. Louis and they
say things I mean I talk about things
that everybody wants especially like if
you're a parent they talk about
education for your kids health care for
your kids these the things that you want
yep that's what they do they talk about
things that you'd want she should have
gone to a Bernie rally over the past
couple years I went to many I went
about that stuff I wanted to figure out
what the fuss was about so I was shocked
to find that they were talking about
issues economic issues that impact
Americans and they addressed those
issues and found solutions for them yeah
so I think look it's obviously it's
funny I agree and when we talked about
on the tide report obviously it's a
funny thing but I want to give her at
least a little bit of credit no I want
to give her a lot of credit yes the fact
that she went to that event with
apparently somewhat of an open box yes
that is something that needs to be
applauded and so I do give her credit
for that
yeah like she's not swayed she didn't
sign up for the DSA or anything but but
she is willing to at least admit that
she understands why this messages is
gaining hold and a lot of people I think
her argument for why it's the case that
you have to ignore all this stuff about
how it would be paid for and all that I
think is a little bit disingenuous I
would like to see that same sort of
skepticism applied to when the
Republican Party says hey here's 1.5
trillion dollars worth of tax cuts we'd
love to give people exactly how you
gonna pay for that oh don't worry about
it some other day
so that bothers me a little bit but
she's at least willing to make somewhat
of the case and for many of these people
who are watching that early Fox and
Friends that this is the only place that
they're gonna hear anything about the
rally so that is a far more fair
description it's not entirely what we're
gonna play more the video but that's a
fairer description of it than they will
ever be exposed to on Fox News exactly
and even if you disagree with the other
party or some candidates policy
proposals hearing them out is important
right and so I think that there's far
less of that in the media these days and
a lot more you know either it's
fear-mongering or mischaracterizations
of what the other side wants and so all
of us need to do a better job in really
understanding what the other side is
saying and and don't pay close attention
to you know the more the squeaky wheel
basically because you you hear the
squeaky wheel and you think that that's
representative of the party and that's
not necessarily true
right and so I think what happened with
the right wing's response to Acacio
cortez was oh my god this person
Cuba like socialism where the government
completely controls the means of
production that is not what she's
calling for she is specifically talking
about education she's talking about
healthcare she's talking about the
fundamental basics that people need to
have fulfilling stable healthy lives and
I think anyone who sits and listens to
what Acacio Cortez has to say about
these issues and what our policies are
can't deny that they are popular with
the majority of Americans I mean you
look at the approval rating for Medicare
look at the response of Republican
constituents in some of these states
when there were threats of cutting
Medicare or cutting Social Security
those are popular government programs
and you can't if you're on the right
wing
you can't keep denying that they are
because people like them and as soon as
you talk about cutting them there's
usually some form of protest and I will
say for the audience who's watched now
this and you might remember that the
Sean Hannity attempt to take her down
where he put up a list of the most
appealing platform for a politician I've
ever seen enjoy these times while they
last because the Republican attack
machine will come to grips with
democratic socialism they'll come up
with some lies to tell about it
we're in the honeymoon period right now
where they can't help but make it sound
good but they'll figure something out I
do want to just take a couple things in
what the the assistant editor for the
Daily Caller said just because she seems
like a person with an open mind it's not
a socialist message it's a democratic
socialist message and it's not even a
particularly extreme one it's what
democratic politics should have been for
literally decades at this point it's not
socialism stop saying that it's
socialism and also it's not the Democrat
Party it's the Democratic Party that is
the most lingering immature little move
where they don't want to say the word
Democratic because then you would apply
the positive connotations you have with
democracy of the party the little so
they say Democrat that is something Rush
Limbaugh has been doing for decades it
is so childish it's what a baby does
rhetorically stop saying it it's not the
name of the party I don't know it
doesn't bother me it's just my whole
life for 15 years probably I've been
seeing people in media do this as a team
no but I'm saying my whole life where
I've actually been paying attention to
it is this stupid little immature thing
to do
all right well that's I'm calling it the
Republic
ready from that one that's how stupid it
is it is exactly that stupid so let's
hear a little bit more from cruda and
what she experienced at this event you
know if you're not really paying
attention to how they're gonna pay for
it or you know the rest of that it's
easy to fall into that trap and say my
kids deserve this and you know
well maybe the government should be
responsible for helping me with that
uh-huh
Virginia as a conservative when you're
sitting in that audience or standing in
that audience and you're listening to
that message how did it make you feel
were you angry were you more drawn to
that I was mostly uncomfortable because
I was surrounded by a group of people
who were talking about how they had
gotten involved because they were tired
of being angry all the time
it seems like so much effort to be angry
about everything instead of to focus on
what you could do to change it but
that's what they're doing but that's
what they're doing right I think she
sort of understands that but sort of not
yeah like that is what like the the
supporters of people like Alexandria
Custer Cortez and Brent weld and others
are the people who are sick of just
being angry and are doing something
about it by engaging with the Democratic
Party and taking control of it and I
love it
and you're like you know what crew don't
you do you boo you keep going to these
events I'm generally open like open
yourself up to different experiences
right I mean you never know what you can
find and look I I she works the Daily
Caller and you're working at that
organization you're gonna be pushed in
us in a certain direction I've seen
complete mischaracterizations of people
on the left from this very news
organization this outlet but I I think
that she did a fair job you know I think
that you if you do further investigation
you'll figure out exactly how these
candidates propose to pay for the very
programs that you know you're you seem
to be in favor of right that most
Americans seem to be in favor of you
know the only thing that you hear from
the right and the naysayers is how are
they're gonna pay for it and it doesn't
matter how many times Bernie Sanders
specifically outlined how he would pay
for his programs
doesn't matter how how clearly it's it's
written on Alexandria Cortez's website
doesn't matter how often they talk about
how they're going to pay for it it's
going to be the one and only way that
conservatives can attack these
candidates and these politicians they
have nothing else because these programs
are popular and they can be paid for
it's it's ridiculous to say it again
were you asking how we're gonna pay for
the tax cuts I mean those tax cuts could
have paid for every year the four did
free tuition paid for years of public
college or trade school or whatever that
would be a tiny little fraction of what
we just gave away you can rip out every
single lead pipe in the goddamn country
you can rebuild Puerto Rico you can do
all of this stuff and you wouldn't even
hit half of what it costs to hand that
money to the 1% in corporations actually
I didn't even know this myself until
recently the Trump era tax cuts are 2
times as expensive as the Affordable
Care Act I mean just to give you an idea
and and you have to ask yourself what
are our priorities tax cuts for the
wealthy so they can do record stock
buybacks and make themselves even more
wealthy or providing health care so
Americans don't have to decide whether
or not they're gonna go to the doctor
and get the treatment they need or pay
for the food for their children well in
thinking about the economic mind the
long-term economic impact of well we
could pay for people's college education
so that when they leave they don't they
aren't indebted for 20 to 30 years and
spending a significant portion of their
income on just paying that back rather
than actually putting money into the
economy or we could do the tax cuts
which we did earlier this year we just
found out that wages fell 2 percent
immediately afterward breaking the trend
where wages had slowly been creeping
slightly up and now they're back down
again because of it but I will say again
it you should read her article 2 on the
Daily Caller and then never return to
the site again but you should read her
article because she outlines a couple
more of the positive messages that she
heard there that she found to be
appealing and she ends it by saying
there but for the grace of God go I
acknowledging that on some level she
found the argument very appealing and
look she's being a little bit she's
being open-minded there she's also
writer for The Daily Caller which means
she is a committed conservative and she
said there but for the grace of God go i
regular conservatives some nonzero
portion are gonna eat this stuff up and
they are going to cross over and they
are going to vote for Democratic
candidates that have this sort of
message that actually appeal to them
with empathy to their sense of dignity
to economic possibility it is going to
change everything and I think that those
hosts on Fox and Friends can sort of
feel it they don't want to acknowledge
it just yet but Sean Hannity I mean he's
not nervous for nothing they know what's
coming two easy ways for the young turks
one is hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
