Donald Trump wants to ease the pain that
farmers are feeling as a result of his
tariffs and this ongoing trade war by
offering them money so the Trump
administration announced up to 12
billion dollars in emergency relief for
farmers hurt by this trade war now funny
enough this is not an admission of guilt
by Trump it is not a concession
indicating that this trade war has been
disastrous for American workers it's
just a band-aid and and essentially
Trump begging farmers to remain patient
as he negotiates in these trade
agreements now the department will draw
on the financial resources of a program
known as the commodity Credit
Corporation which helps to shore up
American farmers by buying their crops
the actions today according to sonny
perdue who's the Secretary of
Agriculture are a firm statement that
other nations cannot bully our
agriculture our agricultural producers
to force the United States to cave in
the administration will not stand by
while our hard-working agricultural
producers bear the brunt of unfriendly
and illegal tariffs now the unfriendly
tariffs were implemented by Donald Trump
this trade war did not have to happen
but it happened because he decided to
out of nowhere slap on steel and
aluminum tariffs which led to
retaliatory tariffs on US products
namely agricultural products now
American soy beans pork sugar orange
juice cherries and other products now
face tariffs in foreign markets that
make their products less desirable so
are the farmers buying it are they happy
with this essentially Trump is gonna pay
them off like here's the money please
stop complaining about this trade war
well from what we've seen from the
farmers so far they are not in favor of
this they think that this is a band-aid
it's a short-term solution and they're
actually worried about what this means
in in regard to contracts that they
worked really hard for years to
establish with you know foreign
countries so first Ben Sasse who has
been a critic of Donald Trump even
though he's Republicans said that this
trade war
is cutting the legs out from under
farmers and White House's plan is to
spend 12 billion dollars on gold
crutches this administration's tariffs
and bailouts aren't going to make
America great again they're just going
to make it
1929 again and the official statement
from the executive director of farmers
for free trade said the following this
proposed action would only be a
short-term attempt at masking the
long-term damage caused by tariffs so
Trump likes to say that we're getting
taken advantage of by China for instance
and look the fact of the matter is yes
there is a trade deficit meaning that we
import more from China than we export
however we know China about 1 trillion
dollars in debt just something to keep
in mind I mean it there's so much about
this story that's pretty interesting to
me
like it proves that Trump has no like
ideological through-line it is simple
the only ideological through-line I
could say is like the individualistic
tenets of conservatism in that like
listen people you look at it through
your own you know a attempt to gain some
kind of measure of success like that is
a very fundamental thing and so he just
kind of band-aids together little bits
of a coalition and he says like alright
farmers I'm going to supplement you with
a large government handout which like
giving farmers money to do what they do
like harvesting wheat is like straight
off of like a communist propaganda
poster like it looks like that's that's
what was in like Russian we can do this
commercials I'm not saying there's
anything right or wrong with that I'm
just saying that it's so strange
another strange little bit is that sonny
perdue is our agriculture I know I know
honey Perdue if memory serves was the
guy that became he like ran for governor
of Georgia and he or he became governor
of Georgia and the main like issue one
of the main issues in that race was like
he it was that the previous governor had
not eliminated but reduced the size of
the Confederate
flag on the state flag and sonny perdue
was like that's wrong
I mean Benny's the shirt it's not
surprising in in Trump Europe politics I
mean the very guy who says he's gonna
drain the swamp then for sweet proceeded
to you know nominate all sorts of people
who worked in you know corporate
companies and and have done everything
to dismantle any type of protections
there are for consumers for the
environment yeah of course he's he's the
head of the agriculture so we're seeing
by the way so just to be clear as of May
of 2018
the United States is owed China one
point one eight trillion dollars okay so
if China really wanted to retaliate look
this is the nuclear option nuclear
option is always there as a threat but
it should never be utilized but who
knows in this climate of politics you
never know what could happen
so if China wanted to they could put our
economy in a complete tailspin by
dumping US Treasury bonds right yeah I
mean I don't think that's gonna happen
because that would also hurt their
economy tremendously but this whole
narrative that Trump has regarding China
taking advantage of us I mean we are not
innocent in this whole situation either
and yes there is a huge problem of China
stealing trade secrets that's been an
ongoing issue and I like the Trump is
being hard on China in regard to that
issue but just randomly deciding to slap
on tariffs that actually hurt our
workers and our farmers is not the way
to go about it and consumers like
because yeah that's a tax on you that
means that stuff that you buy will be
more expensive and the money that's
going to the farmers to supplement their
crop yields is is yours like I'm just
saying like there's no through-line
yeah ideologically or strategic I mean I
guess strategically he's just like I
need a bunch of people to vote for me in
specific places and so he's toggling it
together and it's a form of really like
identity politics is a form I love that
you mentioned that because here's
another thing to keep in mind while he
is providing relief for farmers yes they
are typically individuals who would vote
for him and so he doesn't want to hurt
his base and he doesn't want to hurt his
future political prospects however
remember he had implemented tariffs much
earlier that disproportionately impacted
workers in California
remember when he slapped tariffs on to
solar panels which by the way are
manufactured in China and they are
imported here in the United States and
and installed in people's homes so there
are companies that don't manufacture
them but they help to install them and
that that was a growing and booming
industry here in California you think
Trump provided relief to those workers
and those companies of course he didn't
two easy ways for Young Turks one is hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
