Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
the leader of Iran has responded to
Donald Trump's provocative tweet
essentially hinting at possible war with
Iran if Iran refuses to stop threatening
the United States so first of all Iran
has a history of saying provocative
things regarding the u.s. the US
government now Trump decided to you know
fan the flames of issues you know bad
relations with Iran by pulling out of an
Iran nuclear deal which by the way other
European countries were involved in
Russia was involved in and by all
accounts the nuclear deal was a good
deal there was a timeline for that deal
there was a verification to ensure that
there was you know checks on the uranium
enrichment in Iran but it didn't matter
Trump wanted to be the tough guy and
decided to pull out he just keeps
claiming that it was a terrible deal now
things keep devolving with the u.s. and
Iran so Donald Trump had tweeted the
following to Iranian president rouhani
never and this is in all caps never ever
yeah never ever threaten the United
States again or you will suffer
consequences the like of which few
throughout history have ever suffered
before we are no longer a country that
will stand for your demented words of
violence and death be cautious okay so
normally he reserves that sort of tone
for Maxine Waters but now Iran's getting
it too so this was many have pointed
this out and and I agree with this
assessment this was a great distraction
after his disastrous joint press
conference with Vladimir Putin in
Helsinki and he has done this on
numerous occasions where he seasoned his
approval rating isn't looking so good
people are focusing on a particular
policy that he's implemented or
something that he's done that people are
just not in favor of and he will you
know wave a shiny object in front of
people
reporters particularly to kind of get
them to focus on something else but with
that said what he's doing here
dangerous because you know it's you have
to keep in mind who his national
security adviser is John Bolton who many
claim wants regime change in Iran but in
reality he just wants regime dist
destruction he doesn't even want regime
change and so you have his advisors in
his ear talking about you know military
action in Iran and it could be
incredibly disastrous because Iran is
not like Iraq they have military
capabilities that Iraq did not have and
so this could drag us into another war
even if Trump's initial intentions were
to distract Americans yeah so let me
give you the response from iran's
Foreign Minister he says the following
color us unimpressed in all caps but
that was the only sentence that was in
all caps the world heard even harsher
bluster a few years ago and Iranian 's
have heard them al biet more civilized
ones for forty years we've been around
for millennia and seen fall of empires
including our own which lasted more than
the life of some countries be cautious
that was the second sentence that was in
all all caps yeah so god this is not
good yeah so look III if somebody wants
to see Trump's tweet as as he describes
it as a distraction I totally hear them
I am sure that that is what he designed
it to be the problem is is that it is a
distraction that exists in a continuum
of things that he's done before in
regard to Iran and things that he will
do and those things have me very worried
so he as you said he shredded the the
deal with around the nuclear deal which
was a great piece of diplomatic effort
that took literally years for hundreds
of diplomats it was a great foreign
policy move under the Obama
administration
it was shredded making it more likely if
they will have nuclear weapons also
making it more likely that we will go to
war with them and while this tweet might
be a distraction who is to say that when
he needs a bigger more long-lasting
distraction war with Iran won't present
that for him maybe he tweeted I mean the
tweets are going around of him for years
accusing Obama of gonna he's gonna start
a war with Iran to distract people and
things are going well well now he
surrounded himself with people who would
love to turn Iran into a sheet of glass
with
our weapons he hates Iran has done so
for literally decades and now he's in a
position where as easily as sending a
late-night all-caps tweet to Iran if he
wanted to he could have already struck
them with any number of different
weapons the only thing that has stopped
him from doing that is whatever
self-restraint Donald Trump has as an
individual because in the last election
we chose the most hawkish most Pro
military use of force person that was
running and that's what we have and so
everyday we go to sleep hoping that when
we wake up we won't be in the middle of
a war with Iran and as we get closer to
the midterm elections and as things are
looking worse and worse for him
personally and for his party generally
he might do what many presidents have
done in American history and that is
start some sort of unnecessary military
exercise to get support from the
American people it's a sick thing that
they might do and that based on you know
my experience of America might well work
as well two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
