Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
we've all been waiting with bated breath
to find out what James Comey thinks
about the rise of democratic socialism
inside of the Democratic Party and now
we know the wait is over
you tweeted this Democrats please please
don't lose your minds and rush to the
socialist left this president in his
Republican Party are counting on you to
do exactly that America's great middle
wants sensible balanced ethical
leadership thank you for your input yeah
yeah not not remotely interested I'm
questioning it now I mean I know that it
seems like the path forward both for the
positive impact it would have on America
at large and the American working class
and it's it's the way to win elections
but I mean Comey doesn't like it so oh
okay well I didn't know it was that
serious okay so guys look two things
here the important stuff is balance and
unfortunately thing a lot of people get
this wrong in either one direction or
the other
so am I happy to have the support of
James clapper and Brennan and Steve
Schmidt and from and crystal and Comey
in fighting against Trump the answer is
yes does that mean that I believe in all
their political positions I'm gonna try
to keep out the adjectives no no I do
not and it is possible to do both so
some on kind of the left will say no
clapper is a well-known liar which is
true he had lied in in congressional
hearings hence I dismissed him for
everything and if he's helping against
Trump I don't care
now clapper is the best case because we
know he lied yeah while talking to
Congress there should be consequences
but he's part of the establishment and
there never are but you know you go down
the list David from Bill Kristol um that
they supported the Iraq war they're the
top neo cons certainly crystallis right
and so but so the guys who say so I hate
them and I if they're if I'm bleeding in
the streets I don't want them calling
for me I say call the hospital call the
hospital worry about other our other
disagreements later and in a sense with
Trump as president we're bleeding out so
yes I will take their help when they
oppose Trump logically does that mean
that we should listen to their political
advice these bill kristol
I disagree with about 99% of stuff I'm
not interested in the new war he wants
to start with Iran yeah not interested
so when co me tells me o u k-- the
democrats better not be more progressive
oh thank you I appreciate your advice
yeah yeah the only thing I want to
mention is if we bring up that tweet one
more time like this this argument that
no no you're gonna go for this what the
Republican Party wants is you know crazy
don't go crazy this is the only tweet
somebody pointed out on Twitter where
the response this is why Trump won
actually fits that's sort of attitude
that you shouldn't actually try to
appeal to people or deliver policies
that would help them that is actually
why you lose elections and you know you
know why James Comey doesn't want you to
go left cuz he's a lifelong Republican
now I got fired by Trump got his
feelings hurt so he's against Trump and
by the way he's right about that it's
not just this feelings we heard Trump is
a maniac and calm Comey saw it firsthand
but that doesn't mean that the
Democratic Party should listen the
advice of lifelong Republicans like Bill
Kristol James Comey Steve Schmidt and
the list goes on yeah not interested
interested in them helping against Trump
not interested in their political advice
you have got to be able to make that
distinction yeah there would be a lot of
things that I would actually absolutely
love to hear Robert Miller say but a
criticism of democratic socialism I
don't care
yeah are super lasting yeah I don't want
to just make it seem like only one sides
doing it wrong don't get me wrong the
establishment or Democrats are even more
wrong you turn on MSNBC and is the
beloved James clapper oh my god Brennan
okay all the establishment and etc Oh
Steve Schmidt Oh Nicole Wallace Oh Trey
Gowdy's Jeff Flake Oh
right yeah they make that noise a lot or
they do I heard so no I'm not hardball
particularly are anyway
look guys I'm not interested in the
MSNBC's cheerleading for the
establishment and for the Democratic
Party at large and usually against
progressives so we can find a middle
ground where we logically say we agree
on this but we don't agree on that yeah
yeah Bill Maher too by the way yeah I
know I mean you are talking about two
easy ways for Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
