and now please welcome the co-host and
producer of the online news show The
Young Turks ana kasparian hi everyone
what's up I'm here with my power bun and
I'm about to have a power panel of
incredible women and we're gonna discuss
politics who's excited to discuss
politics with me yes yes well without
further ado let me introduce our
panelists we have comedian actress and
author
Chelsea Handler please give her a round
of applause
also joining us is senator Kirsten
Gillibrand from New York
thank you for joining us today ladies
and I'm really looking forward to this
discussion because now more than ever I
see a lot of people involved in
political discussions especially young
people I look at this audience and I see
so many young people who are fired up
and they want to make a change in the
country and so do you so let me start
off by kind of getting your thoughts on
the current political climate I'll start
with you Chelsea well it's a show
and I mean it's an it's embarrassing you
know it's embarrassing that we elected a
man like this it's embarrassing that the
Republican Party continues to look the
other way every time he causes more
damage whether it's international or
it's on a you know on a domestic stage I
mean just his policies alone are so
unfathomable and so inhumane the way he
conducts himself so it's not all about
you know I mean I know there's a lot of
talk about impeachment and I'm
galvanized to get people out to the
polls I want everyone to vote I want
everyone's vote to count and we just
have to stand up and make a change in
2018 and we have done that over the
course of these past special elections
over the course of the last year and a
half we have shown you know first time
we are electing more women we are
electing more people of color more gay
lesbian LGBT community more we've had
our first trans woman elected I mean we
are making so much progress in the span
of you know a year and a half this is so
hopeful and it is such an exciting time
to be a woman and to be a participant so
there is a silver lining and we can
fight this and if everybody gets out and
votes we are stronger than Russia
senator Gillibrand you know Trump ran a
campaign that was incredibly divisive
and he didn't really hide who he was
with the exception of running on a
populist platform and what I mean by
that is he claimed that he was going to
drain the swamp he claimed that he had
no interest in the corporate corruption
that he himself actually exploited for
his own personal benefit what do you
think it was that that led to someone
like Trump getting elected it was there
something that Democrats missed and what
have Democrats learned from that
election I think he did steal some of
the Democrats best messages he didn't
mean it when he said it but he's started
with the system's rigged that's Liz
Warren's message and it is rigged and so
for a lot of voters around the country
they thought well maybe this person as
an outsider will blow up the system
maybe he's the one who will help you
know get me a better job and so I can
earn my way into the middle class and
live the American dream
he also ran on no bad trade deals which
was Bernie Sanders's message and that to
a lot of voters might have meant I want
to see made in America I want to see
made in America right here in upstate
New York I maybe I wanna see made in
America on Long Island so for a lot of
people in my state who I've talked to
since the election there were a lot of
messages that were populist more
Democratic messages that they thought
was right and then his third message was
his own racist message that was build a
wall and he intended that as a dog
whistle to create division hate and
chaos in society which he's continued to
push since becoming president with his
Muslim Band with his attack on daca kids
with separating mothers and children at
the border he's continued to divide and
so hate but I think for in terms of for
me personally I think what voters are
looking for are people who will fight
for them and I think the Democrats have
always been for really core values like
health care is a right not a privilege
the fact that I will fight for your
child as much as I will fight for my own
that every child in America has the
opportunity should have the opportunity
to live and reach their god-given
potential and that you do that with
education with health care with clean
air clean water it shouldn't
or what block you grow up on as to
whether you will succeed in life and so
that is what we're for and that is what
we're gonna fight for and I just want to
complement what Chelsea said because
she's quite right there the silver
lining is the grassroots the fact that
people have risen to the occasion are
fighting back speaking out in all ways
whether they're showing up to events
like this showing up to town halls
writing to their congressmen senators
protesting outside their offices
marching I mean I don't know how many
people here marched for the women's
March either one of them but it was an
amazing moment because it was an
intersectional moment it was when
everyone came together to voice what
they were concerned about so it didn't
matter if it was black lives matter a
woman's reproductive freedom or clean
air clean water or pro-immigration
stances it just mattered that you made
your sign that you March that you were
heard and that is where the power is if
the power is with the people I I love
that there has been this reimburse of
political activism especially among
young people and I think part of that
was motivated because so many young
people felt disillusioned by the 2016
election and a lot of young people
decided to stay home or vote for a third
party candidate and it was because of
this rebellion against Democrats and I
do really want to ask you about that
because hopefully there were some
lessons learned by Democrats from the
past election and I wanted to get your
thoughts on that I think what voters are
looking for are people who speak from
the heart with great deal of passion and
drive about what they care about why
they're fighting why they care and to
the extent Democrats weren't doing
enough of that we're listening enough
listening hard enough to their
constituents about why their lives were
so challenged that's why you lose an
election because you're not listening to
the people you represent you're not
listening to the grassroots so I think
it was a wake-up call for all of us to
just remember who we are who were
fighting for and why we're here and when
people do that they will win and I think
it's just important for us and as
grassroots activists to use this moment
to be heard to make sure our voices are
being heard our goal
are being focused on and not give a pass
to any politician and the group that's
doing it the best are the young people
with the anti-gun movement the fact that
you have young women like Emma Emma
Gonzales speaking up and calling BS on
every lie every politicians ever told
her and young men standing up to Marco
Rubio and saying I dare you did not take
Ken RA money and he not having the
courage to do it so I think the
grassroots is rising and that is a
lesson for all political leaders Chelsea
what do you think would be the best
strategy for Democratic lawmakers moving
forward is there a message that they can
all unite on other than we hate Trump
please vote for us because we oppose him
well no I'm not a strategist so I won't
I won't dip my toes into what the
Democrats can do better I think the
thing is and this is what I tell people
I've gone around the country trying to
galvanize young people to get involved
and stay involved I mean this is an
emergency in my opinion and I've taken
this year to really focus on actually
having some some impact and actually
putting my money where my mouth is and
showing up in places that I wouldn't
normally spend time in to talk to people
and gain a better understanding of why
it is that I was so out of the loop and
didn't think like something like this
was possible you know I was misinformed
and I want to be better informed and
what I say to everyone and I believe
this to be true is you know politics
doesn't have to be the north wall you
know on the game of Thrones and it's so
scary and you don't understand it yes
there is very complex but you just have
to find one issue that means something
to you you know and you find candidates
that are aligned with that issue whether
it's gun reform whether it's the woman
for you know the right to choose a for a
woman's body which was decided almost 60
years ago which we have to relitigate
every generation you if you if you you
know whatever issue if it's legalizing
marijuana find the candidate that you
care about and and that aligns with
those issues and then that's how you
start getting involved and then you find
out what issues also matter to you but
it is important for everybody to
activate and stay activated and I think
this last election taught us that a lot
of people thought they could just stay
home and other people would take care of
it and that's not what happens so you
had this special on Netflix before the
election even took place
it was I believe a four episode special
where you wanted to do a deep dive on
topics that you were curious about one
of the topics that I thought was
fascinating was racism you went to some
southern states and you actually spoke
to people living in rural areas and so
you had this political awakening even
before Trump was a thing right so what
was the turning point for you when did
you decide you wanted to become
politically aware and politically active
I think for me when everyone's saying
what saying elitist elitist after the
election I was like I'm not an elitist
I'm from New Jersey my dad was a used
car dealer like yeah I'm an elitist I
tried very hard to become one and I
didn't realize that's exactly what I had
become
I you know I worked very hard to get
away from my family have a life of my
own and have a big house in LA yes I
turned into an elitist and that means
being ill informed about the rest of the
country and people's experiences that
are unlike my own so my goal in this
year I'm doing another documentary on
that very topic white privilege for
Netflix that I start shooting next next
month but on that issue alone it's we're
all wrapped up in our own lives we're
all consumed with our day to days if you
have children you know if you have if
you're working more than one job you
don't have time to think about what it's
like for somebody who has lesser
opportunities than you do or fewer
opportunities than you do you don't have
time to look outside your lane and for
me it is mandatory since I have the
luxury to be able to do something like
that to make it count to not sit back
and bitch and moan and not do something
about it
senator gillibrand so I do want to pass
that question on to you the question
about strategy since that is something
that you need to think about as a
senator
you yourself have made some pretty big
bold decisions following the 2016
election for instance you have made a
pledge to no longer accept corporate PAC
money and we at the Young Turks feel
passionately about that you know we have
we have our own political action
committee to get money out of politics
through a constitutional amendment so
yes Wolfpack check it out if you're
interested so I wanted to ask you what
motivated you to do that because you did
move further to the left following the
election and I want you to have an
opportunity to respond to those who are
skeptical skeptical who are curious
whether or not you even mean what you're
doing if it's just a political ploy or
if this is something that you genuinely
feel passionately about so I think
getting money out of politics is the
most important thing any candidate in
America can before and I'll tell you why
because money in politics has either a
directly concur up ting effect or at
least has a soft corruption effect
meaning that if you are only spending
time with people who are giving you
money then as Chelsea said you aren't
hearing 99.9% of the rest of the country
you're not hearing what their priorities
are what they care about and if you're
only spending your time with the elite
political or financial elite you will
never be a good public servants you will
never be able to really hear what your
constituents need and what they want and
I
I have always cared about transparency
and accountability when I was a House
member I was the first member of
Congress to post my schedule to post my
earmark requests and to post my
financial disclosure online so my
constituents could know what I was doing
who I was meeting with and who had
my ear and when I did make an earmark
requests for let's say the local Senior
Center to rebuild a new facility I would
make sure if anyone from that
organization had given me a donation I
returned that donation because I want to
take money out of politics and I want to
end the perception that money decides
what your positions are so this has been
a lot much longer journey than that I
also believe that to be a good member of
Congress you really do have to listen to
your grassroots and I back to the point
you said what do Democrats need to learn
which is why I was for Medicare for all
when I was a House member in a
two-to-one Republican district because
the reason I was for Medicare for all
was because when you listen to people
you represent they still couldn't afford
health care and health care wasn't a
right it really was a privilege and so
you needed to figure out how can I get
at least one not-for-profit public
option available and so what I proposed
12 years ago was we should be for
Medicare for all let anybody buy in at a
rate they could afford so they have at
least one piece of competition from the
not-for-profit sector because the
insurance industry shouldn't really be
involved in health care because they
have to guarantee their corporate
profits they have to guarantee their
shareholder value they have to pay that
CEO millions of dollars and if you had
the not-for-profit option single-payer
medicare-for-all Medicaid for all any of
those could work because you're taking
out that fat fat profit margin but I
think so so I think getting money out of
politics is the solution and it's one of
the problems I think generally with
what's wrong with Washington
I think it's fundamentally broken
because the people with the most money
industries with a lot of money hire a
lot of lobbyists people with a lot of
money have a lot of access is there a
reason why Congress has never taken on
the drug companies yes there is and the
reason is they dumped a ton of money
into politics is there a reason why
people won't stand up to the NRA
yes there is because they are entirely
funded by the gun manufacturers who want
to sell assault rifles to teenagers from
Walmart so the truth is that you have to
if you're gonna do anything to really
meet the needs of your constituents and
this is something I've always believed
in you literally have to get the money
out of politics and you have to be able
to listen to your constituents more to
give them
the time and the ear that they deserve
so that actually our government can be
trolled by the people not the wealthy
and the powerful I just want to
piggyback on that for a second because
I've spoken with her about this very
issue before and it is something we
can't overturn citizens united people
like well that's not even possible it is
a possibility
anything spot Donald Trump is the
president anything is possible
so it is a possibility and there isn't a
person in this room I'm guessing that
would vote for continuing to have being
allowed with super pacs to give to money
for in private individuals to give money
we don't want to give money to
politicians i don't want to have to give
money every election cycle to the person
i want to win i want them actually not
spending their weekends fundraising and
coming home every weekend and raising
money i want them working and serving
their constituents so it is a very real
plausible thing that can happen and it
should be introduced into the
conversation as a reality so one of the
trends that I'm seeing and loving is
even though you know we haven't seen
official changes in money in politics
whether it's through the Supreme Court
or through a constitutional amendment
people are getting involved in politics
and they're pressuring politicians to
refuse corporate PAC money and we're
seeing completely new politicians new
candidates emerging with that as their
you know the center of their platform
Alexandria Castillo Cortez is an example
so I do want to talk about what that
stunning upset in in your state
represented because there are some mixed
responses coming from some Democratic
lawmakers and I wanted to know what you
think about it senator Gillibrand do you
believe that that election represents a
significant change in the party or do
you think it's just indicative of that
particular district I don't think it's a
change in the party I think that I think
she ran an inspiring campaign and she
ran on issues that she cared really
deeply about she ran on medicare-for-all
which we talked about and is
the answer is the solution she ran on
getting money out of politics she ran on
abolish ice to change what's happening
at the border
so she really ran from her heart about
issues that she cared deeply about and
that is the key to a good public servant
and is the key to a democracy that
represents you and not the moneyed
interests so I think she just did a good
job and I think people are gonna be
excited for her to come to Washington
and shake things up all right so she'll
see I wanted to ask you a little bit
about the political issues that speak to
you what are the political issues that
you're the most concerned about and want
to you know draw the most attention to
any marginalized community I think you
know you we have to stick up and fight
people in positions who have platforms
have to stick up and fight for any
marginalized community whether it's
LGBTQ community whether it's the Mexican
community whether it's the
african-american community they need our
voices loudly we have to sing with them
and you know the more we sing together
the more we become a chorus and then it
becomes unacceptable for us to allow
that to happen to other people to
marginalize groups I mean this
administration is making a mockery out
of the very thing we've fought so hard
and for so long to get away from you
know we have a very deeply disturbing
history in this country of racism and
what's happening now and what's been
happening and you know fortunately for
us we have more proof and people concede
every day so it's undeniable is that
these people need us to stand by them
and stand up for them women's rights is
obviously a huge very personal issue for
me because I am one and but I think we
all have to stick our necks out for
people that experiences again aren't
unlike our own you know you can't just
fight for the group that you're in
this is a question for both of you
because it's and it's an issue that
keeps coming up it's a question that
keeps coming up for me as someone who
works in the media it seems as though
Donald Trump is immune to any
consequences for any scandal that he's
part of so right now the there are two
major issues that the news keeps talking
about of course his joint press
conference with Vladimir Putin where he
essentially puts down our own
intelligence organizations and says that
he believes someone who historically has
been our adversary and then there's also
the issue of paying off porn stars and
strippers that he had affairs with right
before the election why is it that in
the past politicians would have their
careers completely destroyed by even
taking part in one of those scandals and
Trump for some reason is untouchable his
base stands by his side no matter what
what is your take on that I blame the
Kardashians I blame them for everything
I just think it's a degradation I just
think I honestly I'd like to believe
that this is the death cause of racism
in America I'm probably wrong but this
just seems like we're really really
clawing at something that is old and
antiquated and I hope that our society
does a little bit better you know that
we get a little bit more educated and we
get a little smarter and we get a little
bit more compassionate and I just it's
not over it's not over till it's over I
really believe that this next election
is our opportunity to be heard to say it
is not okay what President Trump has
done in terms of degradation degrading
minorities in terms of racist statements
in terms of anti-muslim sentiment in
terms of literally every hate-filled
statement and sentence he's uttered and
I do believe this is a moment for true
accountability and transparency in
government and I think if the grassroots
works as hard as they've been working in
all these special elections I mean we
won that Alabama Senate seat because
black women turned out overwhelmingly
and made sure that a credibly accused
pedophile was not a u.s. senator
the same thing happened with the special
election in Pennsylvania and around the
country in local elections we really
have turned out different people who are
voting women are voting in record
numbers young people are voting in
record numbers and young and different
people young people and women are
running for Congress and other offices
higher heights who helps
african-american women run for Congress
double the number of people than ever
before
Emily's list to funds women candidates
pro-choice they'd normally be working
with about a thousand candidates they're
working with 37,000 candidates right now
so I think things are changing and
despite how uncomfortable we feel that
there's been no real accountability over
president Trump yet I believe the
American people will get to the bottom
of all the allegations with regard to
Russia all the allegations with regard
to collusion with regard to obstruction
of justice and with regard to self
lining of pockets the emoluments clause
I think we will get to the bottom of all
those issues but in the meantime it's
really about owning this democracy and
doing the hard work it takes to elect
candidates in all 50 states in all
congressional districts and local
elections that share our values and I
think if we fight hard we make our phone
calls we knock on doors we do all the
work it takes we will prevail and and
just to close that loop if we do flip
the house which I think we will and we
do flip this in it we can block the
worst things president Trump stop trying
to do we could block legislatively what
he's trying to do in the house and in
the Senate we could block the next
Supreme Court justice
so I have a follow-up question for you
on that but before I give you that
question Chelsea I just got a message
from my mom she wants me to tell you
that she's a huge fan of you person so
there you go mom yeah am i watching I'm
like I'm only having I only have a
Fitbit my mom's not texting me so
senator Gillibrand I love that you
mentioned the importance of not just the
presidential election but also the
midterm elections which historically
have very low turnout so yes please go
vote make sure you know what's going on
on a local level it is incredibly
important but I want to go back in time
a little bit and and discuss this magic
era of Democrats having complete control
and what I mean by that is we had Barack
Obama as the new president of the United
States and Democrats also had control of
the House and the Senate but there were
a lot of concessions to you know
Republican lawmakers at that time when
in reality there didn't there really
didn't need to be concessions I mean
Republicans are much less willing to
work with Democrats they don't reach
across the aisle and you know the
nomination of Merrick garland as a
Supreme Court justice is an example of
that what Mitch what what happened in
that in that case was just such an
injustice and so infuriating so what
happened during Obama's first term and
and how can we ensure that Democrats get
things done if they have that level of
power in the future so when we flip the
house and flip the Senate I think the
first thing we should do is deal with
the children who are being separate
their families the border we should I
think we should get rid of ice we should
separate out to missions and do the
anti-terrorism mission the national
security mission and then on the other
side make sure you're doing looking at
immigration as a humanitarian issue
these are civil issues these are
families look at as the economic engine
that it is that immigration is our
strength
it is our diversity is what makes this
country and our economy so strong so
real looking at that issue I think we
should pass the gun reform
shoes within the first month all of them
universal background checks
anti-trafficking making shirt people
camp by bum stocks large magazine clips
all that work I would do all that I
would just focus on the things that the
American people are so angry about and
really passionate about and one of our
challenges as you said when we have the
time with health care I don't know why
we didn't start with Medicare for all it
was such a mistake to build Obama care
on a very moderate very almost
conservative model of placing it on top
of the for-profit insurance industry I
just think that was a mistake the
intention was good the intention was to
bring Republicans on board to make this
a bipartisan bill but when they all
voted against it and wouldn't support
the bill you should have gone back to
the right answer which would have been
Medicare for all so I think the lesson
of that is be what you're for really try
to mobilize the American people to
support what you're for and and then and
and try to do some of that stuff in the
first year like getting money out of
politics focusing on simple solutions
like postal banking which I can explain
if you want or focus on any of the
economic things that would make people's
lives better like giving them the job
training they need to get the jobs to
make sure that anybody who wants to
leave working full-time can be working
full-time like that's where the
solutions lie and we need to do that
stuff because that's what the American
people are so angry about it's what
they're fighting about it's what they're
protesting about so listening to the
people we represent I love that and I
just want to give you credit for
admitting you know past mistakes of
Democratic lawmakers because I think
that that is a bold thing to do and it's
something that we don't see from a lot
of lawmakers you know backstage we
talked about other political issues and
you told me something that I was really
impressed by you said I made a mistake
and I didn't know enough and I should
have done more so I kind of want to talk
a little bit about that if you're okay
with it
back in 2006 you joined the Blue Dog
Democrats who are notoriously either
centrist or conservative Democrats and
at that
time there was you know the fiscal
component of that and then there was
also the immigration component of that
they were against amnesty for immigrants
and you know tell me why you decided to
join the Blue Dog Democrats and how
you've changed since then so I represent
in upstate New York and I wanted to
really show that I was prudent on
financial issues and I've continued to
show that as a member of Congress I
voted against the bank bailout twice
I thought giving and the way that bill
was written was giving literally all the
bad debt in the hands of the taxpayer
and having to pay a dollar on the dollar
wasn't fair for the taxpayers and I
thought that that is not how we're gonna
get out of this fiscal crisis and so I
wanted to be able to have an independent
view on financial issues and that was an
example of what I did but on immigration
I really I did not have enough
understanding of the issues that affect
families from all across this country in
particular all across New York and I was
wrong
and so when I had the responsibility to
represent the whole state I spent a lot
more time with families that were in
crisis because of very radical
immigration policies that were
separating families denying families
ability to be together and the more I
see what's happening at the border it
destroys my soul it is so inhumane I
just know I'm on the right side now
so touching a little bit on the economic
issues in the country Chelsea I'm
curious what you personally learned by
talking to people who would accuse you
of being an elitist and by the way I
just want to mention one thing since we
are talking about elitists Trump himself
just recently said I'm an elitist you
know like you know his whole campaign
was were anti elitist and then bragged
about being an elitist so he can
basically play both sides and it's okay
for him to do it but you know I like the
fact that you realized hey you know what
there's a disconnect between what I'm
experiencing in America and what the
vast majority of people are experiencing
so I'm curious what did you learn what
did you notice by talking to people
throughout the country well I've talked
to a lot of people in like you know very
small rural towns a lot of white men who
aligned themselves with Trump who
believe that Trump is more like them
than an african-american who's
experienced in the same socio-economic
frustration they have more in common
with black America you know brothers and
sisters than they do than they do with
somebody like Donald Trump the idea the
idea that he is peddling is just to keep
always keep somebody underneath you you
know we always have to be divisive
because we want somebody be doing you
know not as well as we're doing and if
we're doing badly then we need somebody
underneath us I mean it's the age-old
story in the entire world you know we
did it so the Irish the IRA did we did
it to Native American Indians we did it
to Italians and then we did it to black
people so it that's what this is all
about is having an upper hand on
something you know it's not a zero-sum
game you know as a woman which is
technically a minority in this country
and in my business people always you
know talked about what it disadvantage
it was you know to have competition or
you're you're you're kind of geared and
trained to compete against people who
are you know in your field or in your
business there's only room for one of us
or two of us or three of us definitely
not four the idea is if one of someone
like us is successful that's a huge
bonus for all of us we want other people
to succeed so that mentality is very
backwards it isn't a zero-sum game you
know when one woman does well other
women do well and that's
and I would apply that to every
marginalized group and that's why it's
so important to let people be more aware
of why they want to be so disruptive so
divisive and non-inclusive inclusivity
is where it's at you know the world's
getting browner and gayer so hop on
board since you mentioned women in the
workplace I'm curious what your thoughts
are regarding Ivanka Trump and her her
activism in getting women more rights in
the workplace that happened now did she
what did she do right exactly so I'm
Morgan listen I have a father who's a
shyster okay he was a used-car dealer he
is the definition of a shyster he lie I
mean he's not Donald Trump luckily he
was never that successful but never once
in my life did I sit there and sit down
when my dad did something terrible or
what I thought was inappropriate to
another person who was weaker I never
ever kept my mouth shut so I is
unfathomable to me how a woman who has a
family can sit back and remain silent
while there are children put it being
put in cages at our border it's
unfathomable so she deserves everything
she gets
well ironically enough I mean she can
comfortably sit back and do nothing
because she's part of the elite
I mean she's untouched by what many
Americans are going through today either
at the workplace or what families are
going through at the border as they seek
amnesty you know it's it's hilarious
that she was supposed to be a mitigating
factor in Trump's administration and she
has been complicit in a lot of what's
been going on so let's be absolutely
clear about that so let's also talk a
little bit about the me2 movement
because I think the me2 movement
empowered women on a lot of issues you
know aside from sexual harassment sexual
assault which of course was important to
touch on but all of a sudden you see
women becoming active in other ways as
well feeling emboldened and empowered
and so what can we do to continue that
momentum because you know I do get
concerned that sometimes things will get
things will fizzle out right so what can
we do to help support that movement and
get more women to get involved in
politics so I think the Miche movement
is a very powerful movement because it
created a space for women and then to
talk about some of the worst thing
that's ever happened to them and to get
some measure of accountability but it's
not finished until every woman or man
who's been sexually assaulted or
sexually harassed in the workplace can
get justice and there's so many women
whether you know you're a low-wage
worker who can't possibly get fired if
she calls out her boss because she needs
to pay her bills and feed her children
or in an industry where her boss isn't
famous and he's just some jerk she works
for and she needs that job those women
need justice too and so one of the
things that we can work on is the
infrastructure around the economy that
harms particularly women and leaves us
without recourse examples for a lot of
employment contracts that you signed
today it's gonna have a mandatory
arbitration clause in it and it's going
to have a mandatory non-disclosure
agreement you're gonna actually sign if
you have a settlement outside of work
for harassment we need to change the law
so one of the things about this next
oh this this 18 election we need to
change the players list because we need
enough votes to be able to change the
law to say you don't have to assign
these mandatory arbitration and
non-disclosure agreements we need to
have a national paid leave plan we need
people who actually realize that so many
families can't reach their full economic
potential in the workplace because they
have no vacation days no sick days so
when a family emergency happens they
have no ability to meet that need
whether it's a dying parent or a sick
spouse or a sick child or a new baby
both men and women need to have that
ability to take some time off and so
having a national paly plan would solve
that problem for all workers part-time
full-time big companies small companies
gig economy doesn't matter it would
solve it
so changing the players list is a little
most important thing we could all work
on because all these infrastructure
issues that give voice to women in the
workplace letting them reach their full
potential whether it's sexual harassment
or sexual predator predator or the
workplace or whether they can't even
just get equal pay for equal work so
these are the kinds of economic things
that if we fight to change who
represents us we can actually get past
and make people's lives better yeah and
I want to I'd like to also mention your
record when it comes to women's issues
and you know this doesn't necessarily
only apply to women but you know you
were pretty aggressive in fighting to
make changes in the military after a
number of stories came out back in 2012
about our female soldiers being sexually
assaulted and raped in the military
Republicans fought you tooth and nail
when it came to changing the way that
you know members of the military could
report and get justice in these in those
cases and you know you definitely walk
the walk when it came so initially it
wasn't just Republicans it was a
bipartisan bill and I had Rand Paul and
Ted Cruz on my bill which is shocking
but true and so some of these issues can
be very bipartisan and it's not
necessarily a right or left issue it's
just it's
democrat or republican it's just a good
issue in a good solution so we can be
bipartisan on a lot of these large
structural reforms but I don't know if
you want to mention it in this setting
but the reason why so many people should
be against Brett Kavanaugh at the
Supreme Court is he will destroy women's
reproductive freedom and you must know
this about his record he he has a lot of
things wrong with them but one of the
things he really doesn't believe is that
you should have a constitutional right
to decide about your own reproductive
health care not only decide with
employers who want to deny you access to
birth control but he doesn't he sided
with the dissent in roe v wade and so
you know he praised Rehnquist decision
there so he doesn't believe that you
should have the basic human right to
make decisions about when you're having
children how many children you're having
and I think that is horrible beyond that
he continues to give voice to corporate
America in in at the expense of regular
people so on the health care thing he
doesn't believe that Obama care is
appropriate because he doesn't believe
should take away the insurance companies
right of free speech to charge you more
money because they feel like it and this
extends across the board on siding with
corporations corporate interests over
individual interests and if you want to
get money out of politics you have to be
able to put justices in place that don't
believe money is speech number one and
number two don't believe the
corporations have the same free speech
rights as you and I so that is why we
should all in all 50 states fight
against Cavanagh and what are actionable
things that everybody in this day can do
because they're gonna say you're there
senator calling you to prevent Brett
Kavanaugh is futile so social media is
worldwide so I would tweet at senators
who are not in favor of voting no to
against him I would use your platforms
whatever they are whether they're in in
in the music industry or in media or in
TV or in publishing or anywhere to be
able to be heard just to elevate your
voice on whatever stage you possibly can
and you could do that and you can make
sure it reaches all states because when
you are speaking out you know whether
its traditional or new media you can
reach anybody anywhere
and you can do it through all platforms
so we're running out of time
unfortunately but I wanted to end this
panel on a positive note so I'd like to
ask each of you what is one thing that's
giving you hope in this very tumultuous
time Chelsea that's the majority of us
hate this be that you're not alone
none of us are alone we are being we're
being ruled by a minority party right
now they are not in the majority so for
every person who feels like you're alone
just look outside because there are
millions of us that all feel the same
way and the power of numbers is
indisputable so what's inspiring me is
the number of women young women women of
color who are running for Congress all
across this country so check out the
campaign's of people like or Lauren
Underwood look at Lucy Macbeth look at
Kyrsten Sinema
these women are on fire they're doing
incredible stuff they're making a
difference and they're gonna win and
when they win we are gonna flip the
house in the Senate so help them
thank you so much and I just wanted to
also chime in on this you know being in
this room it's a packed house and seeing
all these young people involved in a
political discussion is what gives me
hope I think that for far too long
my generation the millennial generation
has been brushed aside as entitled
people who don't know what's going on
but the reality is we are paying
attention we are very involved we are
very aware and we're very knowledgeable
about what's happening in the political
arena so I want to thank all of you for
being part of that discussion and being
motivated to push for change in the
country I do think that we can take
America back in the best possible way
and again I want to thank all of you
thank you ladies and gentlemen
a couple of quick announcements
how many metaphors mix in this
particular one by the way do you think
this is an 1864 moment right now in the
u.s. is it people called it an
existential moment is this an 1864
moment does it have that kind of
historical magnitude hi
broadly speaking I you know I don't I'm
not a um I'm not as gloom and doom II
about what's going on in Washington as
others are I think it's a disaster and
it's a it's lunacy and demands
incompetent but I I have more faith in
the underlying institution I think we'll
get rid of him and we'll the pendulum
will swing and we'll you know they'll
remove his name from history books but
be like your kid you know 25 years - no
we'll be reading their textbook in
American history and they'll come to
Obama and then it'll just skip for years
like your cables say well I don't Danny
what happened between 2016 and 2020 and
well just like like we'll also be in it
like I don't know I I can't remember
there's a weird I'm gonna just start up
again you know with whoever with like
Kamala Harris like they'll be like oh
man in 2020 alright let's take a couple
quick questions I know we're running
short on time a couple quick questions
how do you incorporate the ability to
take feedback from others while
maintaining a certain amount of
disagreeableness yeah well that's the
trick of course is I don't think you
shouldn't take feedback from others but
I think you should know you should be
strategic and thoughtful about how you
respond to feedback so the point of
feedback is not to direct and and and
alter your course the point of feedback
is to educate you about your course so
sometimes the most useful feedback is
the feedback that you don't take right
it's me
