our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt as the midterms
quickly approached we are seeing various
debates and political ads from people on
our side the Democratic Party however
there are some pretty stark differences
among various candidates that we'd like
to point out now last night Ted Cruz and
better O'Rourke had their second and
final debate and although O'Rourke's
performance was a little stronger this
time around he was still very polite and
very hesitant to attack Ted Cruz well
Ted Cruz as unsavory as he is kept
punching or orc in the face and not
literally but you get what I'm saying
figure of speech now I want to show you
orcs closing statement and then we're
gonna compare it to another Democratic
candidates closing statement take a look
I was talking to Amy tonight about this
moment that stayed with me after I first
met Secretary of Defense Jim mattis he's
meeting with members of the Armed
Services Committee he reminded us that
the United States historically has
enjoyed two principal powers that
distinguished us from the rest of the
world one is the power of intimidation
to feel the the most awesome military
force the world has ever known the other
and he thought maybe the greater power
is the power of inspiration to continue
to be the indispensable nation that
lives up to the promise and the
potential of our founders all right we
covered that debate last night for the
members we it did live play-by-play and
analysis before and after tea
y-t-dot-com /join to become a member and
check out and get those special events
okay
and in that coverage we were honest with
you because that's what we do we want
better o'rourke to win we're very clear
about our perspective I think he's a
great candidate in a lot of ways I've
said that a million times but way too
soft in that debate and so that closing
statement so what's wrong
well let's break it down number one it's
got platitudes America is the
indispensable nation for God's sake no
tell them what you're gonna do tell them
what's wrong with Ted Cruz Ted Cruz just
gave a giant tax cut for the rich sixty
one thousand dollars on average tell
them all the corporate money to keep
mention at once during the debate and
let it go tell them all the lies of Ted
Cruz tell them how you're gonna fight
for Medicare for also their kids don't
die if they get sick America is the
indispensable nation oh yeah you know
Ted Cruz would attack by throwing out a
fake figure in regard to what Democrats
want to do and for instance Medicare for
all was an example so he regurgitated
that same tired line about how Medicare
for all is gonna cost too much money and
over the next decade and o'rourke never
addressed the number that that Ted Cruz
threw out there and that was problematic
because we don't want to hear stories
about your family or who you talk to on
the campaign trail that's old-school
politics we're in a new age where you
need to fight hard especially when
you're up against someone who is a good
debater and Ted Cruz as much as I
dislike him is a good debater and he
proved that again last night and so one
other thing I want to quickly mention
about that closing statement jank he
said something abut he said something
about how great it is that America has
the ability to intimidate others right
no but what what why is that great I
didn't like that and that doesn't scream
I'm a progressive that's basically using
the same strategies the right-wing does
so look I don't want you guys to get it
wrong better work also ran a great
campaign in that was new school in that
he he did Facebook live-streaming
that showed him as a real person and it
was not fake that was not inauthentic
that's why he raised more money than any
senate candidate in history and he
doesn't take corporate PAC money which
is amazing and reason enough to vote for
him but during the general election now
all of a sudden he's talking about how
the you know
notice the guy he quoted in the
beginning Jim mattis Mad Dog Madison
defense secretary for Donald Trump and
and he's quoting him positively what are
you doing look I get local politics so
you can't bash the oil industry in Texas
you can't bash the coal industry in West
Virginia we're not naive but at the same
time you don't have to go that much in
that direction and talking about Jim
mattis and how we're gonna intimidate
people etc and look a little bit of Amy
and I is fine but it all throughout the
debate Amy and I went to all these
different counties I got it and he does
this these are all old-school and
winning winning isn't just about being
right on the positions right like of
course that matters that matters the
most but I think the strategy in this
horse race is also very important and if
your strategy is to constantly be polite
and not fight back well then you're
gonna allow the other side to
consistently dominate the narrative so
as we go to the next clip here I just
want to say this is a good contrast
right because he did once called Ted
Cruz a liar in the debate okay good good
good but then you gotta show examples
they felt like his heart wasn't in it
like he's I'm down seven points as a
reason why you're called lyin Ted and
then like and then backed away look
that's my honest interpretation I want
to support the guy but that's what I saw
and our job is to tell you the truth
okay
now let's look at Abigail Spann burger
in in juxtaposition okay so she's
running in Virginia's seventh
congressional district she's the
Democrat and she is running against
representative Dave brat now to be clear
everything that we're analyzing right
now is about the performance the
strategy and the ability to fight back
not about the actual issues if you
compare better or work to abigail stan
burger better or work is to the left of
her she does not want medicare-for-all
and she is positioning herself as a
moderate but with that said you will
notice a significant difference in her
performance here versus how better or
work performed last night take a look I
am committed to policies that make sense
and that are fiscally responsible
because to me it is absolutely
hypocritical
that we would have someone stand onstage
talk about fiscal responsibility after
adding one point nine trillion dollars
to the deficit after voting against
hurricane relief after voting against
the omnibus on 'no bus fill after voting
against budget after budget because he
didn't want to add to the deficit
however when it came time to get forty
two billion dollars in tax rates to
pharmaceutical companies there he was i
want to serve this community it's the
community that made me who I am and I
asked for your vote on November the 6th
Abigail Spann burger is that's how you
drop a mic okay that was specific and it
called out Dave brat for his corruption
that is number one problem for Dave
brand you remember he's the guy who beat
Eric Cantor and a legendary upset on the
Republican side he beat the sitting
House Majority Leader in a primary that
had never been done before okay and he
ran a populist campaign against the
banks and against corruption now he's
turned around and he's one of the most
corrupt guys in Congress he sits there
and takes money from the pharmaceutical
companies and then gives them forty two
billion dollars in return so of course
you should call him out on that as she
did she did it with strength she did in
fact she did it with such strength that
you can't help but look at David brats
reaction to what she was saying in her
closing remarks in fact jr. wanted to
zoom in on that so we have a just quick
video of it it's awesome take a look
there he was
I want to serve this community it's the
community that made me who I am and I
asked for your vote on November the 6th
Abigail's Bamberger
okay that was awesome so that meant
three is him asking for rebuttal debates
over dude
yeah he already had his closing remarks
so he's like oh my god I got hit so hard
can I can we not end the debate no sorry
nice knockout gone right and so he's
like oh yeah the race over awkward smile
time oh my god she just finds me in the
face
that's right that's right that's how you
do it these guys gave two trillion
dollars to the rich that's what that's
what gave Brad is a monkey yeah my name
is Abigail span burger I love that
ending I'm gonna use that from now on
when I debate Tucker Carlson a political
bit she did great there now let's move
on to another Democrat
this is Senator Joe Donnelly he's
running for re-election in Indiana and
you wouldn't know that he's a Democrat
based on what you're about to see it's a
political ad socialists want to turn
healthcare over to the government over
my dead body some in Congress want to
let insurance companies deny coverage
for pre-existing conditions not on my
watch the radical left wants to
eliminate ice I support ice funding
president Trump's border wall extremes
on the left and right want to cut
defense spending
I don't want our troops in a fair fight
I want them to have the best as
President Reagan said he's through
strength I'm Joe Donnelly I approve this
message
in other words there's no Democrat
running in that district unfortunately
yeah and so he won that Senate seat
because the Republicans blew themselves
up it was another one of their
ridiculous candidates that got himself
in and by saying insane things so he
lucked into the seat he's very likely
gonna lose it because it's super ironic
what he says at the end peace through
strength
what's strength dude you just reinforce
every Republican frame there is while
running as a Democrat why would anybody
vote you for you when you just told them
to vote for Democrats
I'm sorry vote for Republicans you said
all the radical left then they're gonna
hear alright don't vote for the left
vote for the right you're so stupid and
and honestly this is the stupidity of
the entire Democratic establishment they
think well Indiana's May
Republican they might have missed must
have made a mistake when they voted for
the Democrats so let's pretend to be a
Republican I hope they don't notice
so he's against the radical left he said
he's Medicare for all over my dead body
I haven't seen a Republican say that in
any ad what a piece of you get it okay
so these losers and then Oh Trump's wall
I love Trump I want to build a wall with
him
then why don't you go be a Republican
right loser so the response that you'll
get from the Joe Donnelly's of the world
or the country is that hey look you have
to understand I'm not running in
California I'm not running in in you
know New York I'm running in Indiana
this is a more of a conservative
district and so I need to cater to them
and change my message based on that but
no that's not necessarily true
because there are candidates who have
won by being strong and by actually
representing the left in those districts
right so look we have had several
Justice Democrats very progressive
people on the show who run in very red
districts Audrey Denny in Northern
California there's reached the very the
first district is very red James
Thompson in the middle of Kansas and
they talk about how they own guns and
they're not looking to take anybody good
as guns away that's not a litmus test we
get that Indiana is different you're
gonna go hunting in Indiana maybe that
you don't do in the middle of a city
like Chicago etc of course of course it
isn't about that it's about whether
you're strongly defend your positions or
you're a mealy-mouthed weakling who's a
go with the Republicans are mainly right
but but I'm not so much of a Democrat
you want the message you're sending us I
suck my party sucks please vote for the
other guy okay and likely they'll take
you up on that message okay
and now here's another perfect example
and god we've been talking about for a
couple of days here now the last
examples Richard or Jenna okay
he's running in West Virginia Trump won
West Virginia by 45 points if he listens
to Joe Dolly's of the world he big I'm
so sorry for being a demagogues I'm
sorry right yeah
a lot of positions I don't agree with
that's fine the question is are you
uncorrupted and are you gonna be strong
get a load of this ad
I'm Richard Oh Jenna and people say that
I'm angry well angry is an
understatement when I come home and I
found that I got children in my backyard
that have it worse and the kids that I
saw in Iraq and Afghanistan I can't
accept that when I see companies using
bankruptcy loopholes to keep her paying
our coal miners the pensions that they
work for I will not sit quiet ladies and
gentlemen we have been sold out we've
been sold out by people like Nancy
Pelosi Mitch McConnell and the
Washington insiders I approve this
message because I am angry and I'm ready
to fight back every time I watched that
out I want to work out now look in that
ad he called that Nancy Pelosi well so
why aren't we angry about that because
he's calling out the corruption and he's
made a forceful position for don't go
with the corporate lobbyists that's why
I'm a Democrat in her and a guy who's
gonna fight for you guys the guys in
West Virginia
that's strength it's so as Anna said in
the beginning it isn't about nitpicking
policy positions it's about how do you
run you run week do you run strong and
the reason why that strength matters is
because you want to elect people to the
democratic party who will actually
challenge Republicans because the
biggest issue we've had with Democrats
right now congressional Democrats is
that they just go with the flow it
certainly happened under Obama's watch
right now you're seeing a little more
resistance but it's obviously not
proving to be successful and and it's
frustrating because Republicans fight
and Democrats again just kind of go with
the flow they get bullied so easily into
doing things that they claim that they
don't want to do there's one more out
biogenic I know I look ain't nobody get
bullying or jeta
not gonna happen okay look it's gonna be
like the wire when here come Omar right
you see that town that town was empty
man somebody's a haircut mode yet
everybody cleared out I can't wait to
see that guy in Congress doing speeches
in the floor of the house against the
Republicans I can't wait can't wait okay
45 points he's turning around and right
now that is a dead even race that is
believable how do you not see that
success and copy that success so you
want to see your Jetta here's one more
or Jetta
I'm Richard or Jetta and I've been under
fire multiple times in places like Iraq
and Afghanistan tattooed on my back are
the names of my brothers that did not
come home now my military record and my
love of this country has come under fire
once again by Carol Miller how dare she
a millionaire who has enjoyed a life of
privilege under the very freedoms that I
have fought for I approve this message
because I love this country and I'm
willing to fight for it and you
that's right Richard walk off walk up
because your job is done here oh good
okay Carol Miller how dare she
how dare she and look what he did there
he called her out for being a
millionaire Democrat elique in
Washington oh no no tell them you're
gonna get more tax cuts for the rich
that's what Joe Donnelly would do he'd
brag about giving tax cuts for the rich
not Oh Jenna here come Oh Jed uh who
everyone say states take what one Ron
Ron Ron Ron okay that's what we need two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
