yesterday we thought we were on the
brink of a showdown between two
different groups outside of
congresswoman Maxine Waters office now
what we expected were that the
right-wing oathkeepers organization was
going to be there attempting to
intimidate the congresswoman bringing
guns and all of that and it was likely
that counter protesters would come out
to protest against them and we know how
that has gone and number of different
instances in the u.s. a little bit
worrisome did actually happen though but
the protests which was announced earlier
this week was this is their language by
the way those Keepers it was against
Maxine Waters incitement of terrorism
lies and a stand for ice and the Border
Patrol as they enforce the perfectly
constitutional immigration and
naturalization laws of this nation which
Trump is ignoring a number of cases
that's what they put on their website by
the way that's the SPLC authorities have
been in contact with the group
apparently though and it was decided
that they would not come in order to
ensure peace that said just in case it
still happened counter protesters did
still show up they gathered by the
dozens and remained long after the
oathkeepers that apparently bailed on
their original promise to appear at the
office now at one point someone did take
a flag off of a pickup truck doused it
in oil and set it on fire
chanting America was never a great so
that part of it is unfortunate of course
but at least the the potential fight
between these two groups did not happen
and Maxine Waters herself had been
worried that that was a possible outcome
she had warned people not to counter
protests actually she said that
oathkeepers would like nothing more than
to inflame racial tensions and create an
explosive conflict in our community can
I say three things real quick
first of all hashtag abolish ice second
thing is hashtag abolish ice and the
third thing I'd like to say is hashtag
abolish ice at least that does not lack
clarity okay so I have a number of
different opinions on this so first of
all both keepers are disastrous they
carry weapons around with them and come
in camouflage and so when they start
saying Maxine Waters is enabling
terrorism and I'm gonna come with my
weapon that's a
before disaster so thank God they didn't
show up and I agree with Maxine Waters
that I would not want counter-protesters
there so as it turns out of Keepers in
show up anyway but thank God for that
because if they had with clearly some of
the counter protesters had you know were
in a frenzied state okay in my opinion
if they had met the oath keepers in a
frenzied state and one side has gasoline
with them and the other side has weapons
with them it's only a matter of time
before something like this explodes so
don't do it don't do it and if some
lunatic right-wingers are going whether
they're got guns are good don't go take
them look outside of Charlottesville and
yes Charlottesville was shocking that
there was a appeared to be a couple
hundred of them there but almost every
other right-wing protest is seventeen
people just let them be goofballs by
themselves march around like jackasses
and go home okay so now the third thing
is really important this I don't know
who did this we in fact called some of
the unions that were present there like
we did not participated in that part
right and because I'm trying to figure
out who the hell did it because ripping
the American flag first of all from
somebody's truck private property
terrible and could lead to violence if
that person then wants their property
back and it's wrong and it's illegal etc
saying if the government America was
never great okay I don't agree with that
and I know that at this point there's a
lot of rage on the left as well because
of all the suppression oppression etc
for this long and you want to have
legitimate conversations about the
things that America has done wrong
throughout history are you kidding me
that laundry list is enormous on the
other hand America has also done
wonderful things throughout history and
I would hope that smart people have a
conversation about both of those things
right but the part that really I object
to it is burning the flag and then this
quote one of them said this is not the
American flag this is their flag no
exact opposite no the American flag is
our flag it's our flight it stands for
all the things that we believe in
equality for all the things that are in
the Constitution freedom of the press
freedom of speech human
Civil Rights it stands for all those
things now did we always live up to that
no but that's why we fight so that we
can live up to those principles so those
are our principles the right wing
doesn't own those principles the right
weight hates those principles look at
what they're doing now they have an
authoritarian leader go around the world
kissing up to other authoritarian
leaders they never believed in our
democracy they never believed in freedom
of the press or speech they never
believed in any other constitution
that's our Constitution our flag you
should fight for it instead of against
it hmm and it's so important that we
maintain nonviolent civil disobedience
yes there's just overwhelming evidence
over the history of our country and
movements for justice throughout the
world that civil disobedience and
resistance works specifically when it's
nonviolent and passive because in those
ways we maintain the moral high ground
yeah and you're not gonna out violent
that the right wing okay and right now
they have the government in their
control you're not gonna out violent
state violence it's a terrible idea both
on morality and uneffective nasubi I'm
not dubious about the story I'm curious
there gonna be some more details about
the story the details are incredibly
sketchy right now yeah the Supreme Court
is thankfully upheld it you have the
right to burn an American flag you
should unquestionably have that right to
burn an American flag but everyone who
burns an American flag in America looks
like an idiot and and I we talked
earlier in this hour about propaganda
and already this story will be utilized
by the right repeated again and again
and again and those images will show up
and no question in the march and the
resistance to fight Trump burning the
American flag today if that story holds
up and it is true as reported did
significant damage it was a terrible
terrible incredibly stupid selfish thing
to do two easy ways for young turks one
is hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
