joining us for the middle of Kansas
Brandt welder and Alexandra Acacio
Cortez how is that for some powerful
justice Democrats all right guys I know
that you're about to do a rally with a
gentleman named I believe it's Bernie
Sanders is that correct yeah you made
Reutimann yes right Brent how do you
feel about these powerful progressives
like Alexandria and Bernie coming to
literally rally to your cause well how
do you think I feel jank these are the
two most inspiring progressive leaders
in the entire country I just in I am
blown away by the fact that they are
here helping me out you know I don't
know if people realize but they
definitely should
what alexandria has been able to pull
off in this amazing election of hers has
resonated and rippled across the country
and even here in Kansas it has given
people hope for the first time in their
lives start having the conversation
about these important issues and thank
you so much Alexandria you're you're
doing a three just Democrat tour there
right you got James Thompson and Brent
in Kansas and then Corey bush in in
Missouri did James rally happened
already it happened earlier today and it
was unbelievable the original venue met
capacity with ten hours so move and
3,000 people showed up in the middle of
Wichita on one p.m. on a Friday so if
there's anything that tells you the
Midwest is fired up for the progressive
movement that so we keep getting told
that you know it's amazing Alexandria
you you won but these ideas I mean come
on aren't they really just big-city
ideas like can they really work in
Kansas what do you think about that well
what do you say Brandon well I'll tell
you when I embarked on this campaign a
year ago
you know the Young Turks was one of the
few people that was covering us because
so many people here they said you can't
win in Kansas talking about Medicare for
all $15 minimum wage debt-free college
getting the corrupting influence
big money out of politics but what I
have found is that they are completely
wrong and in fact it's looking like the
only way we're gonna win these tough
races is by fighting for these kind of
things as you're probably well aware I'm
beating Kevin Yoder by 7 points in the
polls it's the largest lead of any
Democrat challenger in the country and
the TYT army and people across Kansas
and across the country have gone to TYT
Kansas calm to help fund our campaign we
have a big primary here in three weeks
that's so important and if we win that
we are well on our way to beating this
right-wing Republican congressman right
here in Kansas on the issues that
progressives care about most and what I
will say is that we can see that the
administration is scared right now
because I think Trump sent out a tweet
somehow your opponent just the day
before we happen to show up so I think
that something's resonating up there my
Republican opponent is helping fund
Donald Trump's border wall believe it or
not and and Donald Trump tweeted out
just yesterday thanking him for that and
endorsing him and that's what we're up
against here but with Alexandra's help
and with senator Sanders is help today
at this rally we're going to be able to
get the message and I think we are
together gonna turn stay blue and I
think what Alexandria and Brent said is
that what we find he is hearing Kansas
from all over this country the needs of
working people are exactly the same
people in Kansas the affordable
childcare people in Kansas need health
care they need to be able to send their
kids to college and the he's that's how
dangerous talking about a place but so
I'm very happy to be here with you for
Super Friends that was some that was
rude of that guy just to come in in the
middle of that
okay so I would I was so inspired and
the thing that got me so inspired to
organize for Bernie Sanders and to run
for office was that he was able to run a
strong campaign while rejecting
corporate PAC money and a year ago I
made that pledge I'm not going to take
corporate PAC money since then hundreds
of candidates including incumbent
members of the House and US Senate have
made that same pledge meanwhile my
opponent is raking in corporate PAC
money beyond levels that you could ever
believe but but we have had 15,000
people across this country volunteer for
us donate you can go to TYT Kansas com
it's so important we need the resources
we have a huge field team we need to
fund TYT can't know if we're gonna win
this race I here in three weeks and then
go on and beat congressman Yoder in
November as well so there's nothing I
love more than this I do what I ask one
more question but it's like I'm having
Batman and Wonder Woman and this
Superman shows up okay so the Justice
League if you will which makes sense so
and I know T or T chance comm is gonna
help pay for that rally too so that's a
great point but I wanted to ask about
the op-ed that Lieberman did earlier in
the week so Joe Lieberman who famously
ran against a Democrat in his against
unity in the Democratic Party encouraged
Joe Crowley to do likewise to run
against a Democrat which is you
Alexandria you won that seat etc so
putting aside Crowley and his intentions
lieberman's thesis was that if you that
you're too far outside the mainstream
that in fact you need people like
Crowley who he said could work with
Republicans and so that if you have
centrist running in places like Kansas
brand that that that is a better way
path to victory to be closer to
Republicans than it is to be more
progressive as you two are so Alexandria
and Brendan how do you guys respond to
that well I can't tell you jank how many
letters I've been receiving from
registered Republicans people who
identify as libertarian and all over the
political spectrum
since our win here in New York 14
because the
desire to get money out of politics is
bipartisan the desire to have grassroots
and fully accountable leadership is
completely bipartisan and it's alright
if we disagree on issues that's why we
have 435 seats in Congress we're not all
gonna be the same person but we all
should be legislating with a value of
full accountability to our communities
without the influence influence of
corporations and lobbyists and I think
you know I'm I am ready to go for the
general election because I believe that
the three million independent and
unaffiliated voters in New York State I
think a lot of them will side with us
well and I'll tell you you know if my
memory serves me correctly Joe Lieberman
didn't he endorsed was it John McCain
against Barack Obama and now he's been
tell the Democrats what to do here's the
thing you want to know how strong of a
candidate she is she just won an
election in a district she wasn't
running yet I feel like the Democrats
liked her quite a bit well and look and
we thank you guys for joining us we
appreciate it I know you guys have a
rally to do with senator Sanders I just
gotta say that's why Brent welders race
is so important and honestly James
Thompson is well another just Democrat
if to justice Democrats who are running
uncorrupted know corporate PAC money
just like Alexandra just like Bernie
Sanders if if you if you guys went in
the middle of Kansas running on a deeply
progressive platform on exactly what
Alexandra has said economic dignity it's
one of my favorite quotes or one of the
favorite platform planks I've ever seen
what senator Sanders talked about in his
corporate power townhall earlier this
week if you run on economic dignity and
you run on progressive values and you
win in the middle of Kansas you'll have
turned Washington upside down because
the conventional wisdom that Lieberman
pushed is it we think is totally wrong
and and you guys get to prove it in
Kansas so Brent welder thank you for
joining us Alexandria thank you for
helping all those other progressive
candidates and of course senator Sanders
we thank him as well from going chance
it was Bernie Sanders yes Ben it was
Bernie Sanders
so much we can use all the help we can
get
these last three weeks that's why
Alexandria is here Bernie Sanders's here
please if you're in the area volunteer
for our campaign and go to TYT Kansas
com in fact this rally today because
there's so many people coming is gonna
cost my campaign $15,000 so we need to
make up that money at least so it
doesn't you know affect our voter
contact over actually weeks but these
are the two most inspiring leaders that
I know of in this country and it just
means so much to me and thank you to you
Jake and TYT and all the progressives
around the country that have our backs
because we feel the winds behind us
every single day on this mission it
takes those early people who believe
that can really be the seeds of this
movement and that has been the Young
Turks that has been the people who have
supported this campaign make sure you
carry Brent through to the general
election TYT Kansas calm every action
matters every dollar every phone call
make sure you support him because we're
gonna flip this seat in November and no
one's gonna see it coming except of
course this is an aside you guys are the
best thank you so much all right and I
want to say one last thing to the
audience if you want to watch the
rallies it's we can't cover almost all
the rallies on facebook.com slash rebel
HQ and you earlier today you could have
seen the James Thompson rally there you
can see Brent's rally there right now
facebook.com slash rebel HQ and then on
Saturday
Alexandria concert quartets going to go
rally with Cory bush and she's another
just Democrats a 7 o'clock local time
and you could also see that on
facebook.com slash rebel HQ thank you to
everybody involved we'll be right back
two easy ways for the young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
