the story of a man who was exonerated
after being in prison for 25 years
another wrongful conviction tossed him
into questionable tactics of retired
detective Luis Scarcella so I'm gonna
tell you about this story Shawn Williams
is his name he he was in prison for 25
years and his murder Commission was just
recently thrown out and and he was
convicted of murdering his best friend
when he was 17 years old the past five
years were especially tough for the 41
year old Brooklyn man as his lawyers
work to overturn his murder conviction
which was based largely on the work of
disgraced NYPD detective Luis Scarcella
with hard-edged hope and a couple of
dedicated lawyers on his side Williams
on Friday finally heard the words he'd
been waiting for and more the
prosecution agreed to toss his
conviction and will not retry him as the
sole witness to convicted him 25 years
ago Margaret Smith Letty recanted her
testimony in 2009 nine years ago and
signed an affidavit in 2015 for the
consideration of the Brooklyn district
attorney conviction review unit Smith
Letty who is ill did not want to
cooperate any longer and is unavailable
for a hearing a prosecutor sit told
justice Sharon Hudson on Friday the
prosecutor alerted the judge that since
Smith Letty 63 was the only witness in
the case there is no case and the DA's
office did not object to vacating
Williams conviction she why did she why
did she recant she was the sole
eyewitness to a murder recanting is very
serious let's find out why according to
court documents Scarcella and Stevens
Miller the seconds on the case were the
lead detectives who pressured Smith
Letty to save Williams was the shooter
despite having viewed the scene from her
sixth floor apartment the shooter was
described as being 5 foot 2 Williams is
over 6 feet tall Smith Letty relocated
in Georgia from Brooklyn to escape the
officers coercion but they tracked her
down and held her in custody as a
material witness until she testified
said who since 2014 the C ru has
overturned convictions for 14 people
nine are linked to Scarcella including
one in which prosecutors cite his name
Williams is the fifth person to be
exonerated in a case Scarcella is
accused of tainting how could he get
away with this asked Williams brother
Rodney 53 about Scarcella outside
kort my baby brother was 17 when he was
taken away from his family all these
years and for what so we got a case of a
detective who clearly rogue detective
framing people and harassing a witness
into testifying against one eyewitness
okay so what's the next story I want to
bring in this unrelated but very related
it's from the Miami Herald it's the
story you might have heard about this
chief wanted perfect stats so cops were
told to pin crimes on black people
propound this is in a suburb of Miami
records obtained by the Miami Herald
suggest that during the tenure of former
chief Raymundo SS Ianno
the command staff pressured some
officers into targeting random black
people to clear cases if they have
burglaries that are open cases are not
solved yet if you see anybody black
walking through our streets and they
have somewhat of a record arrest them so
we can pin them for all the burglaries
set one-cup burglaries a Anthony
dilatory said in an internal probe
ordered in 2014 they were basically
doing this to have a 100% clearance rate
for the city
amid the probe Isis Ianno abruptly
resigned in 2014 afterward there was a
stark change in village crime busting
statistics okay that sort was covered on
the main show you may have seen it it's
a pretty much cut and dry if we if we
can believe these officers who testified
to this that he said it doesn't matter
if they're guilty if they got a record
which a lot of African Americans do
young African Americans do pick up on
drug busts planted evidence
what-have-you because they are targeted
by police so we have the case of the
Williams who was a six for she didn't
want to do what she moved out of state
to get away from this guy and you know
and he tracked her down brought her back
to New York and put her in custody until
she testified against this guy who's six
feet the guy who committed the crime was
five foot two but he went to jail for 25
years on that and how many other cases
you know they any case this guy is
involved in now it needs to be cleared
need to be thrown out all right Chicago
has paid 660 million dollars over police
misconduct that since like 1995 or
something 662 million dollars of the
taxpayers of Chicago have forked over
for misconduct by police last thing I
want to show you is a little video of
the LAPD from a recent news story you
may have seen this before but I think
it's
just too too compelling not to show so
and I'm gonna explain it just go ahead
and roll it 52 year-old Ronald Shields
was arrested for felony hit-and-run
possession of cocaine and having a gun
in his trunk officer Lee is seen here
searching the suspect he testified in
court the same as what the police report
shows that the cocaine was found in
shields front left pocket but the video
shows an entirely different story that
brings up even more questions
watch this angle from the beginning LAPD
officer Gaxiola picks up shields wallet
from the street shows it to officer Lee
who points to the suspect is it to say
it's his he puts it back down then steps
on the street bends over and picks up a
small bag with white powder it
eventually tested positive for drugs he
goes back on the sidewalk picks up the
wallet and motions to leave and appears
to put the bag in the wallet now if
you're wondering why anyone would
allegedly do this while being recorded
this could be the reason you hear the
audio and saw the officers hand that's
when he actually activated the recording
on the camera but what he may not have
known is that the previous 30 seconds is
automatically saved without audio and if
you rewind those 30 seconds that's where
this all takes place you know it's
exhausting going through and these are
just I mean these are just randomly
selected these stories are countless the
people who are wrongly convicted
railroaded by the police predominately
African Americans minorities and then
you mean the evidence is this one police
force that they said go and get black
people doesn't matter who they are
anything to do with the crimes meanwhile
they're not solving the crimes the
actual crime is not getting solved after
the guy leaves they don't solve the
crimes anymore they don't they don't do
that we got we got this Chicago and
other municipalities paying out millions
and millions of dollars to to account or
to cover for the police or and their
misconduct and then you got people being
framed by the police like this and this
kind of thing how often does this go on
this this one idiot cop because he
doesn't know how is his body cam works
gets caught but it's gotta be you know a
systemic of course it is and anybody
who's suggesting that African Americans
are not
targeted by the police in this in this
country what the I mean that is
unacceptable you you should be dismissed
no one should listen to you the evidence
is overwhelming Russia gate this is the
evidence this is this is commune this is
completely uh inescapable how can you
deny it it's no the problem is Colin
Kapernick kneeling that is the real
problem in America
are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats as much as we are and you
think we can have what the rest of the
world has and come watch the aggressive
progresses with us on The Young Turks
Network
