hi the biggest reason so many of us feel
like our vote doesn't count in the US is
because of money's influence in politics
and even Trump knows this I will tell
you that our system is broken I give to
many people before this before two
months ago as a businessman I give to
everybody when they call I give and you
know what when I need something from
them two years later three years later I
call them they are there for me so what
that's a broken system is probably the
first and last time Trump was honest
about anything since you know his
administration made it much easier for
billionaires of the wealthy to fund
groups like the NRA that put corporate
interests over the citizens interests in
secret the Treasury Department and the
Trump administration announced new rules
that would allow the NRA to stop
disclosing its donors to the IRS this is
yet another abusively transparent way to
show you that we live in a broken
oligarchy where the wealthy elite have
no interest in protecting your rights
whatsoever what other reason could there
have been for this move other than the
1% want to hide what interest groups
they're backing from you the people
which is hilarious since money's
technically speech right why are you
trying to hide your speech worth
millions of dollars from Americans Elon
Musk talking to you bitch and this isn't
even partisan at the time of the Supreme
Court's controversial and devastating
Citizens United ruling nearly 80% of
Americans opposed the limitless campaign
spending and they're rightfully angry
back in 2006 special interest spending
on Elections was around 5.2 million
dollars in the 2016 election cycle that
number shot up to a hundred and eighty
three point five million dollars wonder
how that happened
so it's understandable if you don't feel
like your representative cares about
your best interests and will absolutely
pass legislation that hurts you just to
protect big businesses it's because
those businesses gave them money more
than you ever could unless you're a
billionaire Elon Musk
when average Americans protest
legislation that will genuinely be
damaging like a repeal without a
replacement to affordable health care
they get arrested when the wealthy
insurance companies want to change
legislation however they just send
lanyard wearing dick skin elites that
waltz into the room and write over the
bill with sharpies literally Moniz
corrosive influence on legislation is
the single biggest
shew in US politics I mean look Sacha
Baron Cohen exposed this on a comedy
show when he poses a representative of
gun manufacturers and got actual sitting
Congress members to say things like a
three-year-old cannot defend itself from
a assault rifle by throwing a Hello
Kitty pencil case at it
our founding fathers did not put an age
limit on the Second Amendment and this
is completely normal because that's
exactly how easy it is to do politicians
into pushing for legislation no matter
how insane it sounds they don't check to
see what they're reading because the
color of green is to blinding for
anything else you might want the 1% in
corporations to have this kind of
control over your lives and if that's
the case then don't do anything about it
but I'm here to tell you that that's the
reason why you're feeling so much
anxiety I'm a psalm piker this angers
you please don't forget to share this
video with your friends and also leave
your thoughts in the comment section
below please don't forget to download
the TYT app the Android one will be
available soon and this has been the
breakdown
