the New York Times has reported an
explosive story indicating that just
before Donald Trump's inauguration on
June 6 2017 he was notified by our
intelligence officials several of them
that yes it was the Russians and yes
they attempted to meddle in our
elections and so they also provided
Donald Trump proof and according to the
reporting everyone who is in the room
indicated that Trump appeared to be
convinced but that very day and the
following day he proceeded to deny that
Russia tried anything on social media
particularly Twitter obviously so let's
give you the details of the story two
weeks before his inauguration Trump was
shown highly classified intelligence
indicating that President Vladimir Putin
had personally ordered complex cyber
attacks to sway the 2016 American
election so what did this evidence
include it included texts emails from
Russian military officers and
information gleaned from a top secret
source close to Putin who had described
to the CIA how the Kremlin decided to
execute its campaign of hacking and
disinformation so who was he briefed by
well there were several people in the
room including John Brennan the CIA
director James clapper the Director of
National Intelligence and Michael Rogers
who was the director of the National
Security Agency and the commander of
United States Cyber Command
so James Comey was also in the room and
Comey actually took him to the side
privately to let him know about the
Steele dossier so Trump was aware of the
existence of the Steele dossier at that
point it had not become public
information but this is all stuff that
Trump knew about he knew about it before
his inauguration and then proceeded to
go on social media and completely deny
any Russian involvement and for two
years he's been saying it's a witch hunt
is a witch hunt and the people in the
room there was a dozen people in the
room say at the time he acknowledged yes
this is convincing evidence but then he
went on on social media and denied it
right afterwards and
been attacking the people in that room
since then they obviously famously fired
James Comey and Brennan and clapper are
on TV frequently now honestly attacking
Donald Trump but why why do you think
they're doing that because they saw the
evidence they were the director of the
CIA and the Director of National
Intelligence they're the ones that
initially presented that evidence to
trump in the first place
mr. president they are attacking in in
so many different ways through social
media they try to get into the ballot
box we think they didn't get in and then
on top of that there's one other thing
that they were did they were doing which
is attacking our electric grid which
continued I want to tell you about that
in a second so they present all this
evidence to them and then what their own
eyes they they were expecting a normal
transition right Democratic president
hands off to a Republican president has
happened a million times and the
Republic like you know Clinton handing
off to Bush and they go okay we're gonna
take it seriously etc and we appreciate
it and instead they get this clown who
comes down goes it's a witch hunt
there's no I don't see anything here
what the hell is going on we just showed
him the evidence yeah so let me give you
some more information about how Trump
handled it so he hears and sees this
evidence right it's like they came to
him and said yo your election was
fraudulent man like you need to get out
of the office no that's not what they
were saying to him they never said the
word you know they never said the word
you but that what I'm trying to get you
guys to understand is that their
intention was to alert the leader of
this country to an issue that needs to
be resolved and I think the way the
Trump initially referred to it or
handled it was they're trying to
undermine the election they're trying to
find excuses for why the Democrats lost
when that was not the case no one was
calling into question the legitimacy of
his presidency or the election there was
just concern that Russians were able to
somehow meddle okay so let me give you
more information so Trump issued a
statement later that day that sought to
spread the blame for the meddling he
said Russia China and other countries
outside groups and countries were
launching cyber attacks against the
American government or and business and
political organization
including the DNC so he did not hone in
on Russia he didn't specifically mention
Russia he tried to make it seem as
though we have enemies all over the
world and they're all trying to meddle
in our elections when in fact that is
not the information that they were
relaying to Donald Trump at that moment
so I want to go to the electric grid
because it's really scary and and so you
know Anna pointed out this wasn't like
an informal presentation they came with
a significant evidence now it has
continued so even if you thought oh it's
the Democratic attempt to you know
spread blame for losing the election etc
well okay now it's all Trump appoint
appointments and all those appointees
are saying hey they're still attacking
you're attacking right now
damn coach Director of National
Intelligence huge right winger appointed
by Trump saying mr. president were under
attack you have to do something right
still with the Putin with incredible
offers and he's a good guy and we're the
bad guys so about the electric grid this
March so not having any new an election
the Department of Homeland Security
declare that Russia was targeting
American electric power grid this is
also according to the New York Times
story continuing to riddle it with
malware that could be used to manipulate
or shut down critical control systems
now there's many different reasons why
they could do that
what is general chaos other is there's a
lot of things on the electric grid how
does that affect our nuclear power
plants I don't know how does that affect
affect our readiness militarily
something to be very very concerned
about can you imagine if a Democratic
president is told the rush is my shut
down our electric grid and we might not
be able to respond to that militarily
and he's like yeah whatever right
Republicans would rightfully rip his
head off and guess what so would
Democrats so would we we would sit oh
yes
and we would be outraged and alarmed by
that but you don't get the same type of
standard when it comes to the right wing
which is terrifying and one more thing
about the electric grid look I don't
know what they're planning and that's
why their intelligence people have their
hair on fire and they're trying to
figure it out
but if the knock on electric grid could
that affect the elections everything is
done through the internet now if they if
their power is off does that allow them
to do something else I don't know
but I'm concerned this is national
security it doesn't get any more
national security in this he's talking
about ms-13 that's like a tiny tiny
amount of crime in America
percentage-wise like point 0:01 as if
it's like the biggest thing in the whole
world right meanwhile our enemy is say
could knock out our entire electric grid
he's like oh do do do I think they might
be here to help us at a bare minimum a
buffoon over and over again so I really
want to go to some of the tweets that
Trump put out there on the day of and
the following day after he was briefed
on what the intelligence community found
let's go to graphic 16 in one of the
tweets and again this is from on the day
of he said gross negligence by the DNC
allowing allowed hacking to take place
the Republican National Committee had
strong defense by the way that's not
true there's it's entirely possible but
possible the Russians also hacked their
RNC they just didn't release those
emails Putin himself admitted in the
press conference yeah I wanted Trump to
win that was him rubbing it in yeah of
course I did what are you gonna do about
it
why control the president you're not
gonna do anything about it and and he's
blaming the Democrats for the Russian
stealing their emails
hey you to say hey they should have also
had better security but as the president
of the United States you should be more
concerned that a foreign power attacked
us and stole from either demmer either
party that should be of concern to you
you know this is a mind-blowing concept
for some not everyone but you can be
concerned about the cyber security we
have in the United States we you could
want us to strengthen that cyber
security and you can also be outraged
that any foreign country including
Russia would attempt to meddle in our
elections and be successful in some
regard so let me give you more from
Trump on the day the day after he was
briefed on Russian meddling he said only
reason the hacking of the poorly
defended DNC is discussed is that the
loss by the Dems was so
big that they are totally embarrassed so
I'm sure Democrats were embarrassed
I'm sure Hillary Clinton was embarrassed
I'm sure he's right about that
it was not a big win she still got
millions more in the popular vote but
whatever that's not what this discussion
is about he is focusing specifically on
on using this information to his
advantage to make it seem as though he's
the competent one the RNC were competent
whereas the DNC was incompetent and had
no idea what was going on and allowed
this hacking to take place okay it's
medium confidence my quote Maritimes one
last time in July of 2017 just after
meeting with mr. Putin the first time
mr. Trump told the New York Times
reporter that the Russian President had
made a persuasive case that Moscow cyber
skills were so good that the
government's hackers would have never
been caught
therefore mr. Trump recounted from his
conversation with mr. Putin Russia must
not have been responsible I mean like
you wonder why I keep calling him stupid
and that's again being kind to him
otherwise the other scenario is he's
working with Putin but who could be so
stupid as you talk to Putin and he says
no I assure you my hackers are so good
you would never catch them he said oh
good point hey everybody Putin told me
tells a New York Times reporter Putin
told me they're hackers are so good we
never catch them but that's so that's
evidence that they must not have done it
no but Jake we keep I think we keep
overestimating Trump and and what I mean
by that is look Trump that's the way
Trump talks about things I mean maybe
not as eloquently as Putin does but
Trump responds well to people who say
things like I'm the best
it's the biggest where we're better at
hacking you wouldn't even know if we did
it can you imagine if you figured it out
you wouldn't be able to like that's
Trump's communication style and so yes
Putin will communicate to him in that
way and it'll convince him he doesn't
need the evidence yeah look and the
answers of course is you know likely
both so he probably - I you know I
thought all along that he has
deal with the Russians I think he goes
back to his days as a businessman I
think he's been doing money laundering
for them for decades and and I think
that he's been in their back pocket all
along and he he won this election the
Russians are thinking yes but on top of
that when Putin says why don't you just
tell them our hackers are so good they
would never be able to catch us Trump
goes oh that's so good I bet they
believe it hey New York Times reporter
it's ok Putin told me these hackers are
so good we never catch him
that worked right everybody else is like
oh my god you're so stupid like who
would just believe Putin unless you were
getting paid to believe Putin or once
again you're that dumb or both I want to
leave you with one last tweet from Trump
the day after he spoke to intelligence
officials about Russian meddling here's
what he had to say having a good
relationship with Russia is a good thing
not a bad thing only stupid people or
fools would think that it is bad ok all
right well that broke it down oh I
didn't realize that yeah this is a day
after he was provided evidence of
Vladimir Putin himself attempting to
meddle in our elections all right I'm
gonna say one last thing okay I think
that there's some chance that he's gonna
be taken out in handcuffs so I and by
the way you gonna say Oh Jenna even be
saying that no no I always thought that
yes he would resign in shame but they
they would come to him with an offer he
couldn't refuse we got you here's all
the evidence and by the way here's
evidence on your kids and you're all
going to prison and this is gonna be an
unbelievable fight unless you resign in
one morning we're gonna wake up and he's
got that's been my thesis all along and
likely that's still the case but now
after the press conference and after all
of this in overwhelming evidence that
he's in their back pocket I think
there's some chance that at any and one
of the my reasons for my thesis was that
Trump is too stupid to cover anything up
he's just not capable of it even if he
wanted to desperately desperately wanted
to cover up something not bright enough
to do it I now think there's some chance
he went into that Putin meeting when it
was just him and the interpreters which
is by the way is not how things are
normally done right he said
I want to talk to Putin just by myself
okay that's weird but alright fine right
he thinks that oh it's president
president it's private it's and it's in
Helsinki it won't get out god knows what
he admitted when he was in the room
alone with Putin well and and if the and
if it does get out remember he's not
smart there's some chance he goes in the
room and he says the blood hey flood can
you believe we pulled it off
so there's some chance to know how that
he actually walks out of the White House
in handcuffs two easy ways for
