there has been bipartisan criticism
toward the Trump administration over
Trump's consideration of allowing
Russian officials to interrogate
individuals that Vladimir Putin had
mentioned during his joint press
conference with Trump in Helsinki now
this was in the context of the Muller
investigation and whether or not Putin
would help to either extradite the 11
individuals or I should say the
individuals that have been indicted
under mold investigation and Putin had
said that you know maybe there should be
a little tit-for-tat situation here
obviously I'm paraphrasing but he
mentioned that there were some Americans
that he himself would want to
interrogate and Trump thought that maybe
that was a good idea so let me just
first of all I love the idea of Putin
being like perhaps we can do tit for tat
okay so I remember doing the press
conference when Bush sorry Trump said
you know a lot over here things it says
that he might be able to help us with
our investigation I thought that was an
incredible offer
that's a quote he said it's an
incredible offer and I thought help us
with the investigation were
investigating him that's and we said it
as we were covering it we're like wait
that's like asking bin Laden to help us
with the investigation on 9/11 that
makes no sense now you could say it's a
different scale although they are
attacking our elections and hence our
democracy so it's it's a very
significant issue here but no matter
what you don't ask the guy who you think
committed the crime to help you invest
the crew investigate the crime that was
already crazy right but we didn't know
at the time the things that Ana is
telling you now which is that it turns
that part of his offer was you hand over
your former ambassador and maybe I
execute him you did add the maybe I
executed nice knowing Putin and the way
that he has handled opposition enemies
journalists who just do their jobs as
journalists and write about him
critically it is a concern that he would
do something fatal to them but but he
had he didn't obviously say that oh no
no no okay but I want to be clear one of
the guys that he asked for it came out
today and will tell you about it
he said no if you hand me over to Putin
he will kill me yeah okay so this is
mental this should never be discussed
but yeah but he was confirmed yesterday
by Sarah could be Sanders yeah we're
thinking about it that Trump was
considering it okay so this is what I
need everyone to do I need the audience
to sit back in your chairs relax as I
set up this story and that means you too
Jake sit back in your chair relax let me
tell the story cuz I got a flow going
here I don't want you to keep you know
busted up my flow okay all right so so
let's start off with Vladimir Putin here
he is at the joint press conference
specifically mentioning handing over
Americans that he'd like to interrogate
take a look we can offer that the
appropriate Commission headed by by a
special eternium Mueller he can use this
treaty as a solid foundation and send a
formal an official request to us so that
we would interrogate would hold a
questioning of this individuals who he
believes are privy to some crimes and
our law enforcement are perfectly able
to do this questioning and send the
appropriate materials to the United
States moreover we can meet you halfway
we can make another step we can actually
permit official representatives of the
United States including the members of
this very commission headed by mr.
Mueller we can let them into the country
and they will be present to this
questioning but in this case there is a
there's another condition and this kind
of effort should be a mutual one then we
would expect that the Americans would
reciprocate and they they would
officials including the officers of law
enforcement and intelligence services of
the United States whom we believe who
have something to do with illegal
actions on the territory of Russia and
we have two to request the presence of
our law enforcement I have to clarify
something very quickly so understand
what he's saying there he's not saying
oh the people who were found of
wrongdoing the people who have been
indicted under molars investigation
we're considering extraditing them that
is not what he's saying he's saying we
in Russia will do you guys a favor and
question them ourselves and are we not
merciful we will allow Muller's team to
be there as we question them
okay so understand what that means I
mean anyone that has any experience that
any of this would know this so a Trump
in a best-case scenario is a total idiot
that didn't understand what Putin was
saying Putin saying send me your
questions and I will ask it of my agents
my own intelligence agents my own spies
he's saying give me your evidence why
would I entertain that oh really you're
gonna ask your own spies if they
violated our laws and give us meaningful
answers back who would be so
monumentally stupid as to believe if
that was a real genuine offer and then
he says oh you can send mr. Muller over
here and we see what we do with him
right okay now I don't think that they
would harm Muller although with Putin
you never know but if molar comes over
with all of his evidence do you think
they're not gonna try to spy in and get
every piece of that evidence only
someone who's working with Putin or
again like mentally damage would be like
Oh incredible offer
that's an incredible offer okay busting
up my flow so so this is what Putin
suggests and when it comes to Americans
there are 11 Americans that he wants to
interrogate and those Americans include
former US ambassador to Russia Michael
McFaul
and also financier Bill Browder now bill
Browder has done some lobbying in favor
of sanctions against Russia Russia
doesn't like that and so they would like
to interrogate him
now after hearing this proposal in the
world stage
everyone's watching what was Trump's
immediate reaction to what Putin said
what he did is an incredible offer
he offered to have the people working on
the case come and work with their
investigators with respect to the 12
people I think that's an incredible
offer look I know it's hard to break
through the Trump supporters but send
this to people you know send this video
the people you know who were Trump
supporters or independence right and ask
them the question we're asking them how
could anybody think that a guy who was a
former KGB agent like Vladimir Putin who
says give me your evidence and I will
help you in the crime that you're
investigating that you think that I
committed how could anybody be stupid
enough to think that that was a great
offer what what a generous offer that is
and that's your best-case scenario
because the worst case scenario is Trump
knows it's a terrible offer but he's
saying it's great because he works for
Putin which one is it because it's one
of them nobody in their right mind could
possibly think oh great let's hand over
all of our evidence to the guy we think
did it
that'll be a great strategy I bet he
helps us so not only hand over our
evidence in exchange for handing him
over that evidence which by the way
benefits Putin will also allow him to
interrogate Americans Hey look a former
diplomat that's the former US ambassador
to Russia right if we allow our
diplomats security B to be threatened
like that then none of our diplomats are
safe that's the whole point of
diplomatic immunity but if you start
handing over diplomats to our enemies
because you think in return you're going
to get their help in in a crime that
they committed you've endangered the
entire State Department every diplomat
you we have and made us so much weaker
to even entertain that idea that if I if
I propose that and and I had someone on
the opposite side negotiating with me
and they said oh that's just an
incredible offer I'd might think about
that I think I got this guy
this guy's a total buffoon I'm gonna
take him for everything he's got I mean
it's like you're playing poker or
somebody you're like uh let me see your
hand and I'll help you with your hand
and it goes it's an incredible offer let
me show you my cards you go okay I'm
gonna take every time he has this is the
dumbest guy alive well he's a great
negotiator Jake so let's hear from
Michael McFaul who is who was very much
concerned about trump considering this
and there is an update to this story
luckily Trump appears to have had a
change of heart but only after there was
considerable backlash not just from
Democrats but Republicans as well so
let's hear from Michael McFaul this is
the former US ambassador to Russia with
his meeting in with Trump
you know it's classic what about ISM you
know you got your problems we got our
problems you have your charges we have
our charges against your American
government officials and what I fear you
know because President Trump probably
he's not as conversant in these issues
as as he should be or most certainly not
as conversin as Putin is is he probably
just nodded along and he did he did not
along until he got criticized enough
where Trump himself didn't come out and
say no I'm not gonna do this he had one
of his uh you know it communications
people come forward and say that Trump
will not do it but can I just give color
on the Republicans Lindsey Graham who's
been kissing Trump's ass for you know
for the last year or so oh he's a great
leader etc he said that Russian
allegations against our officials are
quote a joke absurd he said I quote I
challenge you to find one member of the
House and the Senate that believes that
this is a good idea so here's a very
Republican a very right-wing Republican
Lindsey Graham loves war etc etc right
please be supportive of Donald Trump
saying you can't find one person in the
House or Senate who's stupid enough to
think this is a good idea but Trump does
but Trump does and he gets that kind of
blowback from the Republicans and
Lindsey Graham's not the only one tons
and tons of Republicans and barbecue
Rubio is another example so Robert Marco
Rubio was super vocal also went on
Twitter and said the following under no
circumstances should Putin
officials ever be allowed to come to the
United States and question Americans on
their list I don't believe this will
ever be allowed to happen
which is why the White House should
publicly and unequivocally rule it out
and by the way at that point they hadn't
done it just yesterday during a press
conference Sarah Huckabee Sanders was
asked whether or not Trump is still
considering it and she indicated that
yes he's considering it I'm paraphrasing
obviously but she did not say no under
no circumstance that's when this whole
issue blew up when Sarah could be
Sanders clarified that it was true
because like every time Trump says
something they she comes down goes he
didn't mean it he's an idiot sorry we
reverse it right so they're like well he
obviously didn't mean this right we're
not gonna hand over our former
ambassador to Putin are we and she's
like yeah we're considering it and
people were like what so freaky like
there's dozens of these well I'll give
you one more Tom Nichols professor at US
Naval War College said if Putin could
single out McFaul our ambassador he
could sing a lot anyone the president's
job is to protect us and not to even
consider handing any of us over to an
enemy government that is a professor at
the US Naval War College you do not hand
over our ambassadors to people who hate
them and by the way why does he hate
McCall why does Putin hate McCall
because McCall called out his human
rights record and one of the things he
did the main businessman that he asked
for his bill Browder bill browner is the
one that got the Magnitsky Act passed
because Magnitsky was his lawyer that
was murdered in a prison in Russia so
you know what the vignettes he asked
does it actually clamps down on Russian
oligarchs and crime bosses
so that's Putin's henchmen they took
Putin's money and McCall facilitated
that our ambassador cuz we were right
right because Putin who was doing
terrible things and that's why we know
Sanchez is in place so Putin is like
give me McCall he's the one that cost me
and my henchmen money give him to me
he's a former US ambassador and troops
like incredible offer Sara could be seen
as we're considering it that's when
everybody was like including all all the
Republicans no you are not considering
that you
that is a terrible and an incredibly
weak thing to do
that's why finally today Trump
administration comes out yeah I guess
we're not considering it anymore exactly
so that statement did not come from
Trump himself it did come from Heather
Newark so let's hear what she had to say
I can't answer on behalf of the White
House with regard to that but what I can
tell you is that the overall search
assertions that have come out of the
Russian government are absolutely absurd
the fact that they want to question
eleven American citizens and the
assertions that the Russian government
is making about those American citizens
we do not stand by those assertions that
the Russian government makes yeah when
they ask the FBI director who was in
charge of the investigation ultimately
Special Counsel reports to him etc are
you considering taking the Russians help
in your investigation of the Russians he
said it is quote not high on our list of
investigative techniques okay when they
said how about handing over Americans to
Putin
so that Russians can help your
investigation of Russia he said quote
that's probably even lower on our list
of investigative techniques now here's a
guy who's a Republican appointed by
Donald Trump he has to find the most
polite way of saying the president is a
moron or a traitor but there's no way
we're gonna hand over Americans to Putin
so that he could help us with our
investigation of Putin two easy ways for
