Axios and SurveyMonkey which is always a
fun name had decided to look into how
Americans really felt about Donald
Trump's summit with Vladimir Putin
and I guess unsurprisingly if you divvy
up the respondents based on political
ideology there is a significant
difference between Democrats and
Republicans so let's start off with
Republicans or conservatives I should
say 79% of conservatives approve of how
Trump handled the press conference with
his Russian counterpart so this is
specifically about the press conference
this is the press conference this is not
hey let's have a question that just kind
of talks about the broader issue of
diplomacy no no how did Trump perform
during this press conference where he
basically won against America and told
the entire world that he believes
Vladimir Putin over our own intelligence
agency knows goes to show you that the
Republican voters are just authoritarian
by nature that's what they are
they'd like to give their banana to the
to their leader and that's it can't help
themselves so in if a Democrat had gone
with a foreign leader let's say the
leader of Iran and had done a press
conference saying the American
intelligence agencies are stupid and
weak I believe the leader of Iran I
think the Ayatollah is right their heads
would have exploded they would have been
trade or I would have lost their minds
impeachment etc Trump goes and does that
with Putin goes uh were weak and stupid
America's wrong Russia's right and then
he has to on top right there were
problems looking tango oh great that's
wonderful wait he's still our leader
right my here's my banana here's my okay
let's just suppose the response that
conservatives had to the summit to the
way that they reacted to Obama when he
met with other world leaders now we're
not talking about Obama meeting with
enemies and and telling everyone in the
world that he supports the enemy over US
intelligence but there was a case where
Obama I believe bowed to another world
leader was a Shinzo Abe a or yeah and it
was first of all you're supposed to it's
custom in Japan and now Trump has bowed
on multiple occasions the multiple
foreign leaders because by the way and I
don't blame them for that because that's
their custom and it's a decent thing new
Bush walked around with the Saudi leader
holding hands in Crawford because it was
custom and that's diplomacy and and
that's totally fine and but they're like
no Obama about a little too much he was
off by a couple of degrees in his bow
and now this guy goes up and it's like
bear hugging if you will block Amir
Putin I'm sorry I'm sorry
the Americans are wrong he went on an
apology tour and 80% of Republicans are
like Bravo way to apologize for America
make Russia great again that's what I
always meant so 79 percent of
conservatives they approve of this joint
press conference with Putin let's take a
look at independence independence
luckily you have quite a difference
sixty-two percent of Independence said
that they disapprove of Trump's conduct
and then when it comes to Democrats
unsurprisingly ninety-one percent say
that they also disapprove look the fact
that the Republican voters have lost
their minds at large
is one of my I don't know if it√≠s a pet
peeve I just can't believe it
and it's you would think like wait you
would criticize Republicans all the time
I know but I I really remember I used to
be a Republican I can't believe that the
entirety of the party has lost their
mind completely and they have no ability
to see what is right and what is wrong
what is true and what is not true and in
a four out of five of them there's
nothing the Trump can't do where they
wouldn't be like bravo Bravo way to
punch yourself in the face that was
genius the way that you did it right it
goes further than that like if Trump
wants to punch himself in the face
that's one thing but Bravo way to lower
America while simultaneously supporting
who Putin like no no like I like it's
now literal I'm not sure he could do
anything
remember he famously said I could shoot
somebody in Fifth Avenue and they'd
still support me look first of all they
would definitely find a reason to
support him on that I don't even think
that's close I guarantee you eight out
of ten Republicans would say well of
course he's the Prez
the right to execute anyone he likes
he's got he's in the executive branch
that's what do you do you do executions
it's totally fine
Obama did I guarantee you they would say
that that's not even close right but he
could do things that would seem like
more antithetical to Republicans he
could spit on the floor American flag in
front of Putin and they'd be like no he
means that symbolically is rain which is
a blessing he's helping the Americans
like there's nothing that they won't say
yes to with telling you look what else
can he say he kissed the Russian leaders
ass and for the whole world and they're
like nailed it I would look to be fair
that ass must have been delicious there
was that and then yeah the way that he
he did a world tour bragging about how
awesome Kim Jong hoon is and he goes on
yeah but I'll tell you look don't lose
track of the good news it's not that 91%
of Democrats thought he was a buffoon
that's actually in my opinion too low
number what are the who who thought that
was a good anyways no the good news is
guys if you've lost 62 percent of
Independence and I it's just on this
press conference to be fair but they're
leaning in that direction they keep
leaning in that direction you lose 62
percent of Independence you're never
gonna win an election
you're just not I know you think oh no
but he did he won last time so there's
magic there's no magic he ran against a
terrible terrible opponent who
represented the elite and the
establishment in the minds of Americans
she was the only one less popular than
him in American history of all
presidential candidates since polling
right if the Democrats are not that
stupid again although that is a big if I
will grant you that right and they elect
they nominate someone with a pulse if
you've lost 62 percent of independents
gone you're gone it's not a close
election and so and and overall for the
whole country how did they think he
handled the press conference 58 to 40
right you think like oh my god that's
amazing I can't believe 40% of the
country thinks that that way he did a
good job in that press conference and
that's depressing on the other hand 58
to 40 is a landslide it's a landslide if
we had the election today and you put
someone now the
the country did not view as the elite of
the elite they would crush him there is
no magic numbers still exist and and we
do still live in the reality-based world
Republican voters might not but they're
gonna get outvoted especially with that
number of independents going this guy's
a buffoon two easy ways folly
