what's a family it is a cold and snowy
December Saturday out here in the
beautiful New York City and today I'm
actually headed to Sephora to make some
returns yo girl needs to get her coins
back nom plan and since I'm already like
on my way out I decided that why not
turn on the camera quick and shoot a
video showing you guys what I'm
returning um I've never UT guru I've
actually never done a video like this
before
I don't usually talk about like makeup
and things like that on my channel even
though I'm sure you guys already know
this about me that I love makeup I love
beauty I love trends and things like
that and beauty and fashion stuff is
actually my top requested type of videos
but I just don't like to do them because
there are other topics that I would much
rather be talking to all about but hey
why not right today is my Sephora return
day so I guess it's kind of like an
informal review almost because from
returning it I guess that means I didn't
really like the product or I have some
reason for returning yet so we can talk
about that oh hey Tim Goodman what up so
without further ado let me just dive
right in okay so these are just my
general impressions I picked these
products up and I use them for a good
amount of time for me to figure out if I
like them or not except for a one which
we'll get to in a minute actually we can
start out with that one the very first
product that I'm for sure returning is
this Marc Jacobs foundation people on
YouTube are freaking obsessed with this
thing and I really don't know why I'm
just kidding I wanted to pick it up this
is what the foundation looks like I'm
sure you're all familiar with it it's
like this little bottle I'm not even
gonna waste my time trying to get this
thing to focus on it but you see legit
I'm not a beauty guru this doesn't work
I picked this up in the color best
golden which my action have been a
little bit too late for me picked it up
because of the fact that so many people
are raving about it even when I picked
it up at Sephora the girl that worked
there who was a hijab' by the way shot
it - that girl even she was like this
make your skin look flawless
but she gave me a warning actually she
was like if you're using that foundation
it's so heavy and it's so like opaque or
like whatever she was like you better
make sure that you're exfoliating and
you're taking that makeup off at the end
of the night which confession I really
suck at but we'll get to that another
day and I was like oh wow is it really
that heavy and she was like oh no but I
mean like it will literally make your
skin look like porcelain like whatever I
Darby she decide so I was like okay I'm
gonna pick it up you know I was like all
excited about it this is actually a
product that I was really excited to try
out when I got home but lo and behold I
don't know what it is like my face can
take a lot of makeup but this just
looked cakey AF on me like I can't I
don't like that look
you know like it and if anything I've
been kind of like moving away from
foundation before fenty came around I
only was doing tinted moisturizers and
not like a full face of foundation every
day or anything like that so I don't
really this isn't it's so expensive like
this is the most that I've ever spent on
any foundation so I'm glad I'm returning
it I do not want to spend this much on
foundation again but it's like if I'm
gonna be spending that much it better be
a frickin Holy Grail type foundation and
it's just this isn't cutting it for me I
don't know and and also another thing to
know as we get into this because like
this matters for the way that I'm
reviewing these products you should know
that I have really oily skin I have
super oily olive skin it's very Arab it
depends on the skin type I guess yeah I
don't know maybe the application was
really nice and it did look really
smooth I used a primer underneath but it
still showed like a lot of like creasing
and lines and stuff so it's just it's
not for me it's literally like paint on
your face that's what I felt like so
this might work for some people like if
you're a full coverage type of person
maybe like what I'm saying is insane and
people watching this are like are you
kidding me that's the best photos you
ever tried my life whatever to each his
own for me the bougie ish doesn't cut it
you know surprise there right but
this is going back to the store and good
riddance cuz bucks man okay in keeping
with the face products or whatever these
are all pretty much anyway um you know
what I mean this first saw you
rose-gold elixir this is also another
product that literally everyone on
Instagram raves about so when I saw it I
picked it up I'll be honest the main
reason why I picked this up is because I
had gotten the fenty foundation and as
much as I loved the texture of it and
the coloring of it everything like that
some days it would crack on my skin I
didn't know what it was like I have
super oily skin so the mattifying ness
of funky works for me like I need it but
sometimes it got too dry for some reason
so I was like okay maybe I should draw
it try some of this like face oil you
know and lo and behold I tried it and
yes it helped the application of the
foundation go on so much smoother and so
much easier but it made me as oily as a
mother I couldn't get through like an
hour without happens like blah or like
put powder on stuff like that it was it
was difficult again I have oily skin I
have olive skin so this doesn't work for
me like probably works for other people
clearly it does if like everyone's
raving bad on Instagram but it's just
not and also it says like 24 karat gold
and fused beauty oil and it's called
rose gold elixir so it's expecting my
face - literally glow like glow you know
like glow it wasn't it wasn't that wow
factor and this also is like kind of
kind of pricey so I don't need it it's
just nah I can do with this one it is
really pretty though like there's like
literally these rose gold flecks in
there
oh my god I just knocked it over and it
spilled all over my bad dog bane of my
existence why is literally just about to
freakin return it without any spills
kidding me it's funny because even the
spill is pretty because there's like
those gold flecks in it so yeah that's
stain ain't coming out now people come
over and they see my sheets they're
gonna be like what went on over here
Armani alright moving the Frick on from
the Far Sally elixir it's so oily now
like next this is going back to Sephora
tartlet eyeshadow palette which I love
tart first of all so don't get me wrong
and I think I thought these are really
pretty shades
I love the shapes of them actually let
me show you the palette it's really
pretty like it's nice to have in your
makeup and your makeup bag I like that
it has like a mirror on it and stuff
that's what it looks like so it's pretty
nice and it's great for travel I really
love the red tones that's that's my jam
like I love red tones so this was really
nice I like the metallic nasaw that the
thing is I bought it mainly of course
for these two middle shades was really
those like the headliners right like
those are they make the palette
basically and they aren't as pigmented
or metallic as they look in the pan
which was kind of disappointing found
myself having to take my eyeshadow brush
and like jam it in there to get
something on the product enough to like
Pat into my eyelids do you know what I
mean so like the other colors like
obviously great crease colors but they
aren't anything special like they aren't
shades I don't necessarily have an other
eyeshadow palettes and this gays one is
like too matte and not light enough for
me to really do anything with so I found
myself like barely using that at all
so yeah this is going back mainly
because
it's not necessity you know we're trying
to we're trying to save around here yeah
as much as I love this little palette
thing I can go back and then a last but
not least what I'm returning on this
Sephora run and that actually I'm like
starting to second-guess if I should or
not because especially after realizing
that I'm returning that eyeshadow when I
didn't need to use that eyeshadow
palette I would use this because it's
like a good substitute product for it
and possibly even better as eyeshadow ok
disclaimer because um I would never do
my girl Rihanna wrong at all and this is
a venti product but it's not because the
product was bad in any way shape or form
let me just put that out there I just
want to say that because is this thing
focusing goddamnit this is the kilowatt
in ginger binge and Moscow Mule Moscow
Mule I don't know how to say these I
don't know how to say these alcohol
names like I'm Muslim basically it's
this gorgeous palette it's like the more
reddish one and every time I would see
this I would just die at the colors are
so beautiful and I always wanted to get
it this is actually supposed to be a
highlighter I think it's like one of the
darker shades of highlight but I got it
so that I can use it as a blush because
I just love these shades and again I
loved how metallic it was this is kind
of what it looks like on my skin tone so
you can understand where I'm coming from
there so beautiful I'm like legit
second-guessing if I should return it or
not yeah basically I really wanted to
use it as blush and I found myself also
diving in here to use it as eyeshadow
especially when that tartlet eyeshadow
palette wasn't coming in to clutch oh
hey kitty you're distracting me let me
get cameo the cast we could cameo again
she's so cute look here look Bella Bella
what you don't like it fine I love this
like it is really pigmented and it's
metallic without being glittery I hate
when there's like glitter specks and my
makeup and stuff it's just a gorgeous
product why am i returning it then it's
just I found myself for whatever reason
not reaching for it as much like it was
just there in my makeup bag it's a very
specific look you know what I mean so
it's like if you're not going for this
look you're not really putting getting
much used to it and stuff so but who
knows might end up picking it up again
you know what I mean
okay well that is all that's in my bag
for today um let me know how you like
this video again I've never done a
makeup video like this before this video
but you know what I mean like a product
video and stuff let me know if you like
it um I'm down to make more if you guys
are interested and like the types of
products they use and stuff like that
and yeah okay and talked about it all
day know I'm saying please remember I'm
not a beauty girl right like it's
antennae the one that like said it
hashtag not a beauty guru please yes
that's right here however I am a fashion
icon so you can ask me as many of those
questions as you want no I'm just
kidding no not okay anyway as always
make sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
stay real stay hustlin and stay hoppin
