Selam when i go literally already a
sutler and leave I am home for the
holidays for Thanksgiving since I'm
surrounded by my annoying siblings I
decided why not make some use out of
them I don't know who she's talking
about little cool out over here what are
we doing we're gonna do something that
I'm already getting anxiety about which
is okay so let me just preface it as a
preface literally it's bad okay don't
make fun of me she has to get married
she has to I need to get rid of her it's
been like oh my god have you ever had
that one guest come over the house and
it's just like okay you you over
extended your stay like this it's always
been a day and I look so much like I'm
sick inside of it so in every tradition
usually like when a girl gets married
the husband always gives like so much
money and I kind of and when he's broke
y'all gonna get paid when the man is
gone
so basically my little brother's trying
to get rid of me but other thing is he
doesn't really know too much about what
I do on the deals with my dating life
and stuff like that and the problem you
know her latest Instagram of her being
like oh the best part of Thanksgiving is
the cake oh my god no like literally
actually got into a fight with my family
on Thanksgiving because of the way that
I dress baby basically today I am doing
the Arab girl unthinkable which is I'm
letting my little brother hack my tinder
profile I'm so nervous what's gonna come
out of this I don't know what she's been
doing she was like she was like I'm here
I have an idea for a video but I'm
nervous cuz I don't want to read my
messages so I'm like I'm Annie if you
are worried that you don't want your
brother to read your messages and you do
something yeah um but I mean like you
know you own the hottest anything thing
my gosh you know dad's gonna watch this
video and he's gonna be guessing the
dear
you know Damien I mean not likely comes
from me it's not talking by myself so
mere you're basically gonna be swiping
through some tinder profiles on my
behalf
what are your expectations for okay for
me so first of all he has to ascend
these guns these bad boys a Tristan
sells little I've been telling you I was
like if he can win pass through these
guns and he's a he's acceptable yeah I'm
pretty sure I can win past those don't
know you can't arm-wrestle yeah I'm just
excited to see if this is CEO if this is
like stop doing barista like like know
what's wrong with my wrist does okay so
this is the attendee I'm on it what do
you okay I feel you win three photos
hold on we gonna change this wait
actually baby you should have my camera
okay put that one this one the one for
my campaign we just launched a new
campaign for Black Friday I'm with some
girls than you or a shield collection
which is our debut line of hats let's
say really cool stuff like lower your
gaze and the wall liberal culture like
this one over here if you want to learn
more I'm gonna leave the link in the bio
below but I'm super excited I'm at home
so I can't show you the prototype store
like this okay some about the pro bono
photo who me she screenshot so many guys
like this one okay I like that one and
then your bio
what's your bio no
they're not forgive me for everyone that
you swipe through that gets that
impression okay Charles photographer we
always need a photographer I don't know
it's cute I like him
really I like the artsy type you know
okay we'll say yes to him are you at a
match you want to message him he says
he's chiller in person but how so though
I wanna see your messages you have so
many messages lately she complained
about being single all these people are
messaging her and she's not doing
anything this guy's super liked you add
your time how do you like raisins how do
you feel about a date my Muslim ass that
eats dates do the most is gonna do is
expose my brother's level of game okay
but this guy's super like do and look at
his eyes it's a bright oh but he's 686
miles away
wait three point and ring for being
hilarious oh yeah that was really
annoying when dudes make a point system
and thereby oh-whoa-oh about how
good-looking you are
I can't be match to someone that's
self-employed I'm self-employed are you
trying to say okay
shit I like the Opel IQ and I'm down
dude we need to get you as much of
matches as possible okay
Prince Oh we match up print well oh
great sent you a gift me okay what does
Prince say gonna give you back
so the vibes of all of this is Rihanna
von steroids you know what I'm saying
you have to like have no would not ask
someone to buy her a giraffe at their
wedding dude Rihanna Safa necessarily
she finesses the whole tire game educate
Joe he kind of scared
I mean I feel like when he sees you a
person is gonna ask you a lot about
Islam and he's a firefighter so I want
to say yes because the conversation okay
okay and I'm ready for my fire to be put
out David
Tom teacher 31 I need someone that has
potential to defeat this I don't see
that in him so by Tom Antonio okay 25 he
looks like he works at a car dealership
he's gonna put it in there okay
legitimately do I put their photos in
here if we're talking shit okay
he likes Patriots but are you a patriot
I don't know much about football but
maybe you can catch me trying one score
home runs are for baseball literally
just testing feeling yesterday Oh Prince
message us alone let's see where he
races where are we from your dreams baby
oh my god that's not the husband's I
have in mind
what's that literally affirming every
Muslim woman Egyptian and some guy with
an axe that okay call yourself handsome
baby sleep yeah wait do be do we need a
personal trainer I need a personal
trainer do you do personal okay mo
independent contractor did he go to
school
26 Oh Fedora no man Oh taco yeah I up
with this dude I don't know I've already
taco you like tacos
karate oh he looks like you on board he
looks like you like trying to yeah
trying way too if you have I need to put
a picture of your Beamer in there
swipe okie six one I don't have time to
chat here swipe right okay I want to say
just like location oh good I think that
I'm just trying to bang oh it in the pic
I will come to right now if this guy's
short or tall look he looks on this one
because all right whoa that's like a
visual visual trick or something you
tell me how do you respond to that you
should say like a sudden your Loeb no
