I wasn't planning on this being my first
video back but then a senseless tragedy
just took place in my own hometown so I
felt the need to make this video and to
just share my quick thoughts about it
first and foremost my heart goes out to
the victims and the families friends and
all those affected by the horrible
violence that was inflicted upon our
streets right here in New York City yet
again but if there's anything that New
York City has taught me over the years
from when 9/11 happened here when I was
nine years old to the concrete jungle
that we have had to navigate here as a
Muslim media start up at Muslim girl
calm to the repeated attacks and
violence that has somehow festered to
the victims of the hate crimes that have
resulted from the media frenzy that have
taken place as a result of these
travesties that have unfolded here if
there's one thing that the city taught
me its resilience its strength its
perseverance and I love New York City it
made me who I am and it's moments like
these that it brings forth the true New
Yorker character as well this is the
city where my father emigrated to you
when he first came to America this is
where he got his start this is how he
was able to build up a life for himself
and for our family and when New York
City hurts I hurt very deeply from
experiencing those violent acts here to
being blamed and punished for those
attacks that I had nothing to do with
when New York City hurts inevitably I
hurt and I hate witnessing the cycle of
violence continuously repeated itself
over and over again and and it pains me
because in moments like these when an
attack happens the very first thought
that Muslim Americans are forced to
confront is I hope to god it wasn't a
Muslim because we know what that means
for us and that is really heartbreaking
when our first thoughts should be
grieving and sadness and pain like
everybody else here for what had just
transpired instead it's like we're being
pigeon-holed to be defensive and and to
anticipate somehow that violence it's
not fair because this is my city and I
deserve to grieve - when I see tweets
like this
I'm not surprised anymore but I still am
definitely baffled it doesn't make sense
to me how some people after just
experiencing the pain that hate and
violence can afflict upon a people that
their first immediate reaction would be
to perpetuate further hate and further
violence against another people the past
few days since the news broke I can't
help but be angry I've been angry at the
headlines I've been angry at how the
conversation has degraded into what
we're seeing it as right now I've been
angry at how Muslims are being cornered
yet again to explain and apologize for
and make sense of these tragedies like
as if we have anything to do with it
it's not fair it's not fair for us to be
expected to speak on behalf of 1.8
billion people like I don't go around
asking
Christian people on the street why is it
that white supremacists are marching
down Charlottesville any political
position or ideology or opinion can be
twisted to enact violence against those
that disagree with it we're witnessing
it unfold right now the only difference
is that when it's perpetuated by a brown
person when it just so happens to be a
Muslim that's the only time that we name
and blame that they are a Muslim that's
the only time when we have to identify
their religion and somehow connect that
action to that religion and thus group
that entire people as a whole into one
homogenous group
doing that is the first step to
dehumanizing a group of people and I am
sick and tired of our leaders and our
politicians and the mass media try to
politicize every single event in a way
that further drives a wedge between us
that further flares up that hatred
instead of having a conversation about
the real issues at hand so that we can
just stop it from happening again and no
that doesn't mean banning an entire
group of people from entering our
country that means having a frank and
open conversation about things like the
social economic and political issues
that's having a conversation about
radicalization in all its forms not just
Islamic radicalization but also
hatred is an equalizer there is no one
hate that's more superior than the other
when a car plowed into anti protesters
that were literally protesting the KKK
our president said of those people that
there are good people on both sides we
didn't even call the las vegas shooting
which was the largest mass shooting in
american history
terrorism how is that not terrorism and
here's the thing
I refuse to explain to one more person
that Allahu Akbar really just means god
is great it's just in Arabic it's a
phrase that's used by every Abrahamic
religion I shouldn't have to explain to
anybody what allahu akbar means to
convince people to choose not to hate an
entire religion for the actions of an
individual and if you want to tell me
something like whoa all these terrorist
attacks are being committed by Muslims
hello open your eyes have you not been
following the news at all like is there
not something wrong here I refuse to
take part in letting our country's
response and treatment to these
tragedies to continue ripping us apart
as a nation at a time when we should be
all coming together because guess what
dividing us is literally what they want
and that's how they win I refuse to
apologize for crimes that I have not
committed or for Isis for that matter
because I don't walk around asking
random Christians on the street to
apologize to me for the KKK or for Nazis
I refuse to be intimidated from dressing
the way that I choose to dress because
for some reason for some people it
ignites a fire of hate in their stomachs
to see me walking down the street
dressed like this believing in something
different than they believe in how does
that make us any different than them and
finally I refuse to be angry I refuse
because New York is my city and I
deserve to grieve just like anybody else
