representing our entire jury what's good
- dope women of color am i right amazing
you writing anyone is nice yeah yeah
just take a sultan Toto became a kinda
mean we're down to the final four now I
do any of us hate each other whoa time
to vote
oh boy you're conscious go in - yeah of
course we tied on on giving something
gold right now I know it has to be the
tiebreaker no pressure no pressure so
they are using the final three silver
gold it's a gold Oh time to pop bottles
except on Muslim and it's Ramadan six
hours later a long and tiring day spent
the past two days trapped in a room with
each other basically trying to get over
200 submissions down to the final 11 it
was quite something
and I'm really appreciative of the
opportunity this is what a tremendous
honor I'm really grateful that I got
here they gave me a snapshot lollipop
thank you tomorrow
Oh a words all handed out two hours
later as you know we have many issues on
the world of misogyny racism
vegetarianism Islamophobia but here
right after 90s companies with us who if
you look at the stories maybe some
bodies and the money just a registered a
money is the founder of Muslim girl Tom
in the u.s. is our top husband the dirty
coming into bread with the demands that
you take off her head car which is not
the law by the way particular certainly
not worth a visit or penguin she didn't
answer the name in the number of the
security guard he pulled back her
passport and started the coordination
they share with me because this is the
grand jury was talking about issues of
it
be aware of but he rises tomorrow we've
got the car to go to my own channel at
Majestic Hotel which is going to be so
much fun I'm freaking on a panel with
the other energy consumption post a rap
from Disney and I believe the president
from CBS Interactive and we're basically
going to talk about brands how to use
that position size forward how to have
innovative thinking and use technology
to our advantage and things like that
it's quite an honor for me to be invited
to speak alongside with such
distinguished people and I'm really
excited to meet them and mean everybody
they're my agents going to meet me there
so I can't wait I'm actually really sad
that I might have to leave tomorrow
because all the parties in the events
that I got invited to are literally
starting tomorrow night onward that was
really smart of me but what can you do
you know 20 minutes lay down four hours
a day in settling cities I think you
know two hours later and now we are back
at the Palais des Festivals so we can do
my last panel of the festival this year
when my girl
and we're matching too and we're
basically going to be on a panel with
our jury president talk about how we
came to the decisions that we did we're
representing our entire jury what's good
- dope women of color am i right yes
yeah mostly first issues can liner one
eternity later that's the final wrap on
my petals for the festival everyone
sticking around chat and whatnot but
does it's possibly my last day here I'm
going to dip so that can take advantage
of the rest of cons gotta go before II
gotta go I just got you you cute little
photographer I love a cat which I just
checked in at four o'clock in the
morning I'm only going to be for my
conference literally if where I had to
the airport damn I wish I had just a
little bit more time to appreciate this
beautiful
- back in New York later
thank you
I like that
