let's play a little game because we're
players get it my girls not picking up I
like kangaroos sometimes when I need
advice about certain things like this
morning I just hooked up to like several
things on my newsfeed about this
partnership that Muslim girl launched
with orally because people don't know
what happened internally that that is
just because people don't understand the
magnitude of what we were able to
accomplish here like a second huge
success story right now I'm on my way
back to the Muslim girl office because I
actually have an interview scheduled
with Reuters about this time
specifically that's been scheduled for a
while now so it's going to be
interesting to see how it goes that's
the work that we do right yeah a few
moments later Hey oh my god you know oh
yeah I want to show you guys what our
office looks like it's like pretty close
quarters so I don't know if you want to
they're confined like a conference room
or even have like a result upstairs it's
really nice the students it looks like
we settled on this area to shoot the
interview two exciting
got some hello nail polishes for the
shoot I don't think I ever really shows
the nail polishes on my youtube channel
before so this is what the collection
looks like this is hello do we have
starting with the darkest of this one
which is called Harambee Iran in muslin
like Islamic terminology means like
unlawful looks like a long day you know
we got on this shade which is the
perfect a manicure named after yours
truly we have what the flat amount this
is controversial
what the fáák Mazar most popular shade
and most popular name color but it
actually got some controversies from
conservative Muslims to fill that box in
law is a it's the name of a really liked
religious figure and they thought it was
respectable but lots of little most
common hair became from the world so we
got ignore the haters because what we do
around here
of course a clear coat called what will
grow wipe out because ain't got no time
for the wool of roads will of roads like
a Muslim girl at comps equivalent of F
ways it's like Elizabeth's one guys are
like oh my god you're not only wise
you're here showing but they like go out
with girls and like drink on the
weekends or whatever you know but
basically hold itself double standard
from someone those little bows wait so
are you like a wool of row now he's like
no don't count is like definitely not
well seconds later
so we just dropped the interview how'd
it go
what do you think this is very good you
got what you wanted out of me cool some
controversial quotes - Jackie is not
licensed T yes that's the coolest title
that has everything for stowed upon me
thank you
okay one thing that I forgot I was
showing the I apologize I forgot that's
freaking with some drill fire colors
this is no fire
it's like signature hot pink flush
reddish tone that's purpose for the
summer yeah
one eternity later all right now I'm
wearing the color requires going secret
a brain very vibrant popping reddish
color the babies and the babies
let's play a little game because we're
please get it ha ha one allele okay okay
so now that the chute is there up I'm
now about Midtown where I rarely am two
L's later just walking out now could
have really tape any of that but I think
that was pretty good meetings I would
say so what will happen
I
