what's up family so I don't normally do
vlogs but today I woke up and just
decided that I'm going to take you along
with me because there's something that I
want us to talk about and that is
self-care today it's one of my self-care
days I have a variety of ways that I
like to do self-care from Netflix and
chi'lan to meeting up with my friends
and then there are days like today when
one of the first things I like to do is
get the hell out side I listen self-care
is an act of self love and self love in
a world that's constantly hating on you
is an act of resistant wha that's why we
have to make sure to practice it like a
ritual if you're trying to be a boss if
trying to be a hustla of trying to be on
your grind right now if you're
challenging yourself the way that you're
supposed to be challenging yourself I
hate to break it to you but it's gonna
get exhausting especially if you're
dealing with social issues these days
and then throw on top of that the
adversity we're up against out there is
especially as you love color and yeah
it's gonna get rough the way we win is
by making sure we're on top of our game
and not only doing what we gotta do to
survive but to thrive
my nails has always been a form of
self-care for me for literally as long
as I can remember like high school I was
getting comments about my nails college
my classmates even would notice that
every other class would have different
colored nails it was just my go-to it
was really just like the process of it I
was so soothing which is why it's funny
about one of the biggest hate comments I
get from conservatives is why I wear
nail polish because they believe that my
prayer is invalid if my nails are they
did or if I have ever like failed so I
explained my entire stance on that in my
book literally I go into it for an
entire chapter so go check that out if
you're interested in that aspect of it
take care of the hands now gonna take
care of the face
well done when you're taking on the
world it helps to have your eyebrows on
fleek personally I think it's really
important for self-care to be
preventative like it should stop you
from getting burnt out you donate you
shouldn't have to wait until the world
is collapsing on your head and free to
start taking care of yourself because if
you're necessarily doing the things that
you have to do to give back to replenish
to charge because once you do get burned
down usually because once you do get
first out there's literally no telling
how long it's gonna take for you to get
back it's also really great if you
recognize the tell-tale signs for
yourself you know like what that looks
like when you're starting to get burnt
out what you're starting to get a little
bit overwhelmed sigit hit pause and do
what you gotta do to make yourself feel
comfortable so if you're still feeling
more subdued again yeah part of
self-care is feeding yourself and I
really like having Chipotle and there's
Chipotle over here but I don't have
enough free guac and what's your bully
without block so I'm gonna try to be
really nice to the person that's left
the counter and see if they'll give me
walk on the house I'm like the opposite
of that make it rain meme Frank walk at
Chipotle what can I say good vibes today
good vibes
I'm feeling good about this you guys on
the house thank you thank you so much I
got the guac
you want to give me a hug yeah all right
all right thank you please free to be
off my ass but well force pretty close
after all it is self-care day my
favorite self-care might seem a little
superficial and yeah maybe a little
consumeristic but it makes me feel good
like this is to me like updating myself
taking care of myself taking care of my
needs and I think if you feel good then
you do good the truth is you can't put a
hundred percent of yourself into
something if you're not at a hundred
percent yourself so you have to figure
out what a hundred percent means to you
and what makes you feel good it's kind
of like you know how when you're on a
plane and they give you that like safety
message at the beginning they always
tell you to place the gas mask on
yourself first before you think of
helping others and self-care kind of
goes the same way aside from that one
thing that helps ease the mind is if you
set aside a day to get things out of the
way that you've been putting off just
like this I've been meaning to exchange
it for a while I have
so hopefully they think about
since you're trying to go like that
right
mission accomplished Sookie Oh
selfies are totally self-care by the way
well that was fun I'm feeling refreshed
I'm feeling so good
I'm just gonna keep this momentum going
now I'm gonna go change into my gym
clothes gonna go get a workout in so Who
am I kidding uh more like I'm probably
gonna go meet up with Lauren get a ton
of sushi and then probably binge watch
Netflix no I'm serious okay bye
