they don't even fooling about they
characterize what this new generation of
content creators and filmmakers familiar
pretty cool I can't let it paint pots
without doing a quick video celebrating
wishing you guys happy International
Women's Day because it's basically my
holiday what a Muslim celebrate we
celebrate International Women's Day
today is a special one this year is such
a special International Women's Day one
that I am highly proud of and highly
celebrating on this day on International
Women's Day 2017 Muslim girl comm
announced its partnership with
Getty Images Getty Images world leader
in images to basically present you all
with a new photo collection depicting
Muslim women in a positive vibrant
diverse light seems like a no-brainer
right you would think the reason why a
partnership like this is so incredibly
on contain ibly exciting for a woman
like me is because for far too long we
have all been deprived of the
representation of the incredible
spectrum that make up who Muslim and are
if you go on Google Image Search and you
type in Muslim women you'll see page
after page come up of the same bleak
image Muslim women who are faceless
hidden behind veils it's very dark very
bleak and very not us its 2017 I think
it's about time the internet caught up
with us the fact of the matter is that
media engineers reality it literally
shapes the way that we view the world
around us I was on a panel Shonda Rhimes
last year where she told the audience
that as the direct results of Grey's
Anatomy depicting women of color women
from diverse backgrounds in the medical
field the actual number of women of
color entering the medical profession
in America jumped when she said that I
responded by posing a question to the
audience imagine then the impact that it
has on Muslim women to only ever see
themselves depicted in the media as a
press victim voiceless terrorists the
way that the media talks about us the
way that it represents us actually
impacts the way that we view ourselves
and the way that we interact with the
world around us and it's not just
limited to women of color of course any
woman can relate to this think about all
of the hyper sexualized advertising that
we have to deal with literally
indoctrinating little girls adolescent
into this hyper sexual society at such a
young age Muslim girl isn't the first
company to partner with Getty to change
the way women are represented Sheryl
Sandberg's lean in developed a photo
collection with Getty depicting women in
a bunch of different professional fields
you know not just at home cooking and
cleaning even though there's nothing
wrong with that if that's your choice
refinery29 partnered with Getty Images
so that they can represent women in all
shapes and sizes and not just decide 0
because that's literally somehow become
the media standard and we all know the
effects and all the statistics about
this type of representation of women and
the impact it has on us from eating
disorders to hybrid commercialization
and it's just really damaging it's
really damaging to us as human beings
I'm just going to leave you with this
spot a few months back I did an
interview with Darian Joffrey for Elle
magazine czarina is an editor at Simon &
Schuster and she has her own imprint
called Salaam reads which focuses on
publishing books for young adults and
children centering Muslim characters in
this interview she said something that
stuck with me even until now and that
I'm sure will stick with me forever
she said if you want to make a human
being a monster then deny them of any
reflection of themselves for people like
us who don't see people that look like
us in media and the movies on television
it's not simply a matter of convenience
or oh my god like I want to be included
no it comes down to allowing us access
to our shared humanity to feel
represented I could literally go on
forever talking about this because it is
literally one of my biggest passions in
life but I don't want to do that I
already talked about it enough in my
book shameless fellow
no but seriously just check it out and
allow me the opportunity to represent
myself to you and to explain these
things out a little further for you to
understand if this little video doesn't
suffice if you want to know how to be a
good Ally and give space to voices like
mine I know the perfect video for you
click it like a pure super happy Women's
History Month go home kiss yo mama kiss
that special woman in your life or woman
I see you I make sure to LIKE comment
and subscribe because Casey Neistat
since I'm a pro youtuber ioke
