damn money back at it again with another
story time damn right
can we talk about that time that I
almost died
and by at that time I actually have had
a number of near-death experiences I
don't know why I'm pretty sure I'm a cat
I have nine lives
yeah basically I almost died a bunch of
times this one was one of the first
near-death experiences that I ever had
in my entire life and thus was extremely
traumatizing for me great content the
story of this near-death experience
takes place very stereotypically right
smack dab in the middle of the Middle
East
no I didn't almost get stoned for what I
choose to wear but good try mm-hmm this
specific situation taught me that
miracles exist because if it lasted just
a few moments longer then I likely could
have died at 13 years old like this
isn't funny right here seriously I would
not have existed in my present form my
story would have been done but close
chapters shut at the age of 13 still
boggles my mind and that still is just
just shocking to me but okay so we are
taking it back to Jordan circa 2005 2006
many of you know that I used to live in
Jordan when I was 13 years old if you
didn't know that go buy my book right
now seriously like what you do in town
we live there for like nine months close
to a year it was my first visit in the
Middle East total culture shock barely
knew my way around things I basically
had set for a time while we're living in
Jordan my brothers and I stayed with one
of my uncle's we were like living with
their family were mingling with my
cousins we were having a baller time
sneaking now in the middle of the night
once posted flirting with the
neighborhood boys on the street corner
you know typical teenage things one day
I make the fateful decision to take a
shower at my uncle's place and keep in
mind that way before my young and
unsuspecting minds could remember at one
point I vaguely recall my family telling
me about the time that my cousin almost
died in that bathroom from a gas leak
through that very gas heater
foreshadowing to set it up for you the
bathroom at my uncle's place is like
located in the hallway right before the
family room which is where everyone
would like hang out and like play
whatnot so basically the door of the
bathroom is in direct view of people who
are in the family room to give you an
idea of the layout of the bathroom
basically it was like an l-shaped like
this okay so it's like there's the door
to the bathroom and then there's like a
little corridor ish area and you go
through that and then there's like the
bathroom in the back great and their
family they basically were using it as
their laundry area so they're like
clothes washer was there like whatever
so here's where hashtag first world
problems come in basically my uncle's
bathroom which was pretty common of a
lot of bathrooms in this part of Jordan
it had a gas heater we're all familiar
with the technology of a gas heater
right like it's literally like turn up
the gas heater heats up the water like
whatever and then basically after you
heat up the water then you go take your
shower you go over into your dog go take
care of your business you'll cleanse
yourself of your past sins you do what
you got to do with the hot water so on
this fateful day that I decide to take
my shower for some reason all of my boy
cousins are all like in the family room
they're all playing video games like
going nuts probably please dude you're -
whoa big deal you don't mean like
typical probably sneaking back in from
smoking some hookah somewhere haha that
reference
hashtag Pro youtuber yo so your girl
wants to go get fresh so I'm like all
right guys I was gonna take a shower and
in and walk through the door robinus my
cousins are like yeah whatever get back
to playing their video games typical so
now you're in the bathroom with me and
basically on top of everything that I
told you about the bathroom already the
door to the bathroom didn't lock for
some reason like the knob was broken or
something like that so they had a bolt
on the inside
so obviously I'm like alright I got like
72 cousin's up in this bit and all the
man's family room right now playing
video games so obviously I'm going to
bolt this from the inside so they don't
walk in on my ass right mistake number
one so now I'm in the bathroom
I'm bolted in from the inside I'm
walking in through the little corridor
area taking my clothes off mistake
number two just kidding because how
would I have known and now I'm naked and
walking towards the bathtub I know that
it takes a few minutes for the water to
heat up so I immediately turn on the gas
heater all the way you look like speed
up the process or whatever mistake
number freaking 3 3 and I'm like did you
do you know like taking care of my
business doing what I gotta do to prep
for my bomb shower that I'm about to
take oh my god oh my god where did that
here come from moments pass and they go
to stop the water and I realize like
it's not hot still cold gas shooters not
working obviously so I go back to the
gas heater again turn it I start like
playing with the knobs turning thing cuz
I'm making sure it's adjusted correctly
you know ominous moments passed again I
go turn on the water and I realize it's
still not hot water so cold man like
what's a girl to do you already know
what this girl did go back to that gas
heater and bring it up okay so now that
we've established that I've sufficiently
cranked up the heat on this old ass gas
heater at my uncle's bathroom in Jordan
I'm like still in the bathroom
waiting for this water to heat up doing
what girls do in bathrooms and then I
notice that I'm starting to get dizzy it
started kind of slow but then it got
super quick so at first I'm like I
noticed I'm starting to get dizzy I'm
starting to get like a little
lightheaded
I'm just like huh I wonder why I'm
feeling like this you know but then I
suddenly in that moment recalled one of
their kids almost died in this bathroom
because of the gas theater because of a
gas leak so at this point young 13 year
old Imani god bless her heart she was
like oh hell no immediately a red flag
started going off in my head like you
need to get the hell out of this
now so then I immediately start going
into that little like corridor area
right like wet clothes washer and the
dryer so I'm walking back there so they
put my clothes on and I was getting so
lightheaded and so dizzy at this point I
was literally like seeing stars the room
was spinning to the extent where I had
to lean against the bathroom wall in the
hallway like slither over it's like
where my clothes were because I
literally couldn't walk on my own two
feet just thinking about it makes me ohh
so picture this right now I have made it
all the way to right behind the door
where the clothes washers are my clothes
are on top of the clothes washer so it's
like wall behind me leaning against it
washer right in front of me closer on it
the door to the bathroom is to my right
right here reminder in case you weren't
following this the door is bolted shut
from the inside
I grab my pants and I'm about to start
putting the first leg in and this is
where it got really scary so right I
said that I'm straight in front of the
clothes washer right in front of me the
clothes washer is at waist level almost
right so it's like my eye level is the
wall directly in front of me is I'm
putting on my pants everything goes
black I open my eyes again and now was
directly in front of me my eye level is
the top of the washer everything goes
black again I opened my eyes again and
now what is directly in front of me is
the washer now I am collapsed on the
ground and lose consciousness whoa oh my
god like it's literally terrifying but
okay so now the situation is we have a
naked 13 year old Imani trapped in a
carbon monoxide fields bathroom that is
bolted shut from the inside with their
cousins playing video games right
outside the door completely oblivious to
the situation this is where it gets
really weird okay this is like
unexplainable to me as my cousin they're
playing video games in the family room
they hear the sound of someone
whimpering someone crying like some and
they'll pause for a second and we're
like what is sarlaac where it's not
coming from that's like the alarm for
them right in the bathroom as
unconscious I was past that f out I was
like literally on the brink of death I
was making noises I was crying and it
drew attention to me and my otherwise
completely unconscious state isn't that
crazy
it's like I hide my own like emergency
red button or something like
subconscious it's like my brain was like
ah you know like someone come help I
asked my cousin's like how long was I in
there before you realize and they said
that it had been an hour an hour for me
up until the point that I had passed out
I had only been in the bathroom for
fifteen minutes which means that I was
passed out in this bolted bathroom for
at least 40 minutes with no oxygen like
what crazy so upon the realization that
I had gotten to go for a shower and that
no one had heard or seen me for an hour
the same red flag that popped up in my
head Wallace in the bathroom like oh my
god the gas heater also occurred for
them in that moment my cousin's jumped
up from the family room I ran to the
bathroom I start banging on the door and
I'm not responsive all their hearing and
response is my whimpers it's my crimes
I'm just like not talking I'm not like
they're not getting any response for me
they have no idea what's going on and of
course they try to open the door but it
is bolted from the inside because they
have such great foresight at this point
my aunt is flipping out man like we were
in Jordan as visitors I almost died like
my cousin's told me that as I was passed
out my aunt was running around like
crying she was like oh my god we killed
her we killed a body how much was
explained to sturb father her father's
gonna kill me my it was really scared
about my dad fight together she killed
me so my aunt is freaking out at this
place all my cousins are freaking out so
now basically my cousins have all run
downstairs they're like running around
the neighborhood trying to find a
locksmith someone that can help out with
the situation unlock the door and get me
out of there they're like
take literally running up and down the
streets yelling Chris Abele's meanwhile
my aunt is just not having it like she
is freaking the ass out
obviously I'm freaking dying right now
so my aunt bless her soul is aware that
literally time is of the essence right
now who is this tiny like aren't even
like five to one five two or something
like her boys are old downstairs like
running around yelling trying to find
help forever she instead knocks the
freaking door down yo my aunt my puny
asked tiny little woman of an aunt
knocks this door down I have no idea how
it was even physically possible for her
to do this how she was able to
accomplish this but she freakin knocked
the door down single-handedly by herself
while the rest of the fam was downstairs
that's how scared she was about how
explain to my father about her killing
me oh my god imagine so if I die and
when she's off the door down my cousins
were running up the stairs they had
found a locksmith of you but it's too
late but it's all good and my aunt is
like get her out of here get her out of
here so my aunt walks into the bathroom
and my naked body is just like literally
collapsed on the ground like whatever is
probably a hot mess it's literally any
girl's worst nightmare and she takes a
towel covers my body with it she asks
her son just like comment and like
carrying me out of the bathroom I have
no idea how this topic did everyone just
like grab a limb and like carry ble I
don't know but like also the towel was
literally just like lying on me I don't
even I'm not sure I wasn't even think it
was like fully wrapped around me I just
remember feeling so exposed and like oh
my god it was so embarrassing oh my god
but it's still embarrassing but yeah so
they all carry me outside of the
bathroom and now I am literally like
right outside the door everyone is
standing around me like in a circle this
is when I start to regain consciousness
right so now in this moment I am in her
lap she like has water she's like splash
of cold water on my face she's like
trying to like wake me up for a number I
just like rocking back and forth rocking
back and forth just like before where
like things would block whatever
suddenly flashing back in right it looks
slowly like splashing it I'm like
flashing it to consciousness that's the
way that I was experiencing it and my
cousin told me might like one of my girl
cousins sitting in who I talked about in
my book as well south of life she told
me later on she was like what I saw your
eyelashes flutter and that's what I knew
that you're gonna be okay
cuz apparently like that's all I do it
my free time to look about my eyelashes
that people but she was like when I saw
you batted your lashes while unconscious
I knew you're gonna be okay it's so
funny because the first like thing I
became like conscious of was like I
could hear my aunt saying like oh oh my
god oh my god her mom is gonna kill me
and finally when I open my eyes I see
Mike and he's like huddled over me and
city and my cousin she's like standing
over me it's just like okay like it hub
dude and now like she's like saying like
Islamic thank you like to the Lord that
I'm okay my boy cousins are back on the
PlayStation playing in the family room
literally as I'm lying there half dead
with my naked ass body and like everyone
freaking out about whether or not I
would be alive my boy cousins we're
sitting on the PlayStation playing their
video games it was literally like when
they got the first side of life back to
her and we could resume the video game
now what was most interesting about it
is that they say that when you lose
consciousness you're like even when you
like hit your head or something that
you're not supposed to like go back to
sleep you're not supposed to close your
eyes right ever and what did my family
do like literally in that moment there's
nothing I wanted more than to just go to
sleep
and what did my family do they let me go
to sleep like in my towel I just like
walk to my room collapsed on my bed and
just like passed out again
literally no sense of like brain trauma
or like the possibility of like that's
Jordan for you all right you guys that
is my story if you thought this story
was crazy
trust me I tell way more stories in my
book
selfish probe oh thank you for being
here thank you for listening to my story
thank you for liking commenting and
subscribing Crowe youtubers see you in
my next video also if there are other
videos that you would like me to make
for you besides like all of the makeup
tutorial and hijab tutorial requests
I've been receiving let me know in the
comments
I am here for I literally read every
single one of your comments so drop one
make it extra funny foam to respond
