what's up family I'm on my way to the
gym right now I'm pretty sure this is my
first time doing the workout wall and
fasting so I'm just hoping that I don't
collapse I've reached that point in the
day where I'm just like hangry
dysfunctional not thinking clearly
Ramadan brain so I really have no idea
how this is gonna go they might be
carrying me on a stretcher basically
it's Ramadan for those who don't know is
the holy month for Muslims when we fast
from sunrise to sunset no not even water
aka the most ancient Ramadan program
just so you all are aware that the
Muslims that you know are probably all
superhuman PSA that you should probably
steer clear of your Muslim friends
during this to you so we don't snap back
I'm just kidding we're very friendly
people what's a family um okay so so
what happened sons yesterday full
disclosure it's actually the next day
what happened after that last clip is
that your girl actually almost passed
the hell out like that was my first time
working out that intensely while
fascinating
and on my way home I was literally
seeing stars I had absolutely no energy
left who's on e I survived that hope
basically what happened is that I went
home all the energy that I had left all
I could muster up for myself or if God
was a protein shake and then I passed
out slept her stupid
and then had a great Saturday and now
we're here we're on a train I'm here
with my girl Lauren donor number Lauren
we are on our way back to Jersey again
because my baby brother
satis just turned 21 this past week baby
brother baby brother is illegally open
up to anything now and the Isaac walk I
mean I hope you had to use it but Amira
and I decided to throw satis a surprise
party you I don't think any of us have
ever thrown a surprise party for anybody
in our family before ever basically what
the plan is is that we're gonna get to
the train station you guys don't really
know about us but it's just like my
unknown brother he's like very private
he like doesn't care about social media
when we get to the train station Pledis
in the mirror are gonna be picking us up
because Lauren and I are just all and
then we're gonna drive to fat asses
favorite diner where all of his friends
from college in high school are going to
be waiting for his arrival to Surprise
them and then after that we're all gonna
go to my dad's video game store where
we're gonna have a like gaming
competition basically gonna be just a
fun night that is this dream like that
is a huge game where you guys know
special gamer and stuff
okay
oh my god I have to call you call Amira
no we got cake what the huh clearly we
have not some surprise parties before
okay so we're in the car
so apparently change of plans this is
not the first time the Emir has changed
up plans about the surprise party on you
last minute but I digress
okay so basically now what the plan is
is Cyrus was my mom at home - his
friends are all at the diner waiting for
him right now
Amir Laureen I'm vlogging and then Amir
is going to go home grab bars my mom and
the diner good if I just broke my fast
on the still Pringle that's an Amir scar
so thanks for the
no I'm hanging out with my friends
Saturday my own loving Saturday you have
to come Saturday brother are you
surprised are you happy
I mean this is the most emotion I can
get out of his facial expressions anyway
so like this is good for me all right
everybody I was just like to announce
that and the occasion of the Royal
Wedding someone wants to be royal and
for the wedding
I just I'm I like shirts they're like
like high-low shirts cause it's like
everywhere and no one can say to me
as a hijab' you know it's like it's like
in the front it's like and then from the
back it's like oh my god you know all
the Muslims are gonna attack here but
your neck I saw your neck is so showing
okay be able to give it here Muslim
groaning that is not why why why is that
long so like he's a pro this is a Lu ten
now so we're about to do a closer look
at your tongue how I need your formation
let me see
that's actually pretty good younger I
can only ever do it by tossing my tongue
back and forth like this but let's go up
and down like well like it's literally
unleashed your tongue like what do we
have here
we turned my dad's store into an
after-hours party are you setting up the
gaming soon as he playing with his
friends and his family his chosen family
name a more iconic duo always that's I
got you a birthday present birthday men
for the og subscribers
this is milky this is what milky looks
like now please look at how obese this
cat is now literally all he does is eat
and sleep nokia can you move are you
okay
like that's not normal look at the ratio
of imposters hi welcome to the party
I assume any wouldn't be I'm going back
yeah of court do you not understand
where you are right now
am i that like embarrassing mom would
you like to explain what just happened
hundred
she totally knows and she pretty girl
too
I'm not sitting like that we are acting
a mess on the street but somebody's
father just comfortable stuff put a lock
on see Aman this Ramadan evening train
tickets on one day
