Oh get me off the phone you bring up
this girl considering in the gradings
Canada I'm concerned going back to
Canada great up
oh that's like before I get supported
basically because I am literally doing
with like a Muslim ban in two states
right now
ridiculous what is this I have no idea I
might even Muslim I just have like you
know if you have the wrong screen color
because I'm importantly I mean we both
love this was great I got you got you
love that you love the monkey over here
and unicorn Island everything in like I
was just awakened to just like exist
they're going to take us in as refuge of
something well yeah we're gonna make it
exist yeah okay okay all right thank you
that's like always a really good back up
and I don't understand what's going on
with us because what sums are pretty
build people who are amazing like
macular eyebrows Trump's eyebrows really
messed up and going enough said I think
is Howser more ridiculous people
actually banned decimals there are so
many people of mine you get the cordless
ones right I could probably think of a
key right now is all people who try to
talk to you when you have your
headphones on oh my god I'm not busy
this car and amazing you can't even tell
it looks so normal
are you where those lands all you can't
even tell where you get it from because
I was at forever 21 actually and you
have these scars oh but just looks like
one of those is Laham scarves
okay thanks babe what is what guys
anyway I am be hi hi all the world over
here and like once I only come at me and
I'm just like and you're gonna say the
likely yes I can hear you through my
headphones but I'm gonna pretend like I
can't
yeah obviously here sometimes I come on
hutch won't the aren't saying and got I
guess I could just really this give up
I'm ready at this point they're just
your most definitely only headphones
deals a bit all right now
where's Andrea and then they were look
number two people who post spoilers
about TV shows and people have no you
know where to see yes and door is no I'm
not all searched and mrs. David rose
waukesha home on shiny red wedding or
even like Ned Stark or you know what I
saw I don't spoil anything from you Lily
what are you doing - are you listening
he was a long time when you look at my
bed why that one friend that has to
snapchat everything I don't know talking
because you I have the worst day ever
eggs and I wasn't working because what
happened was I treated him with him
before me rather than these latest
weather elements gun such a big fight
are you snaps heading to work well I
thought are those did you leave you the
filter no no not all of it and so
annoying also how does your back soon
okay people put like each other on black
film on I love is this on your snap like
more like when people also send their
story to you all my life length I want
to see you twice
early summer tryna holla is like okay
pretty sweet you thought was more
interesting thing is to snap even your
story right now just one reason that
Muslims should be banned in the way she
just said hot I've never heard someone
say Hall of yo that I've never listened
you are crazy haha can you do to you la
la la la
we are back out of here yo this is why
the more you know we should be we should
be in the States on here Oh a closing
but what about the friends that spans
you chest I know I can't
goosh I was like having this event check
it out oh that's so stupid like youtuber
ones I like to cover new videos up like
also always European with a no annoying
yeah hitting you back to back with like
10 or 20 text messages but they could
have sent in one test Oh like okay I
just totally switch places with a Muslim
like it was a favor or like when they
see that you're on Instagram liking
things so they like to join it but that
is gonna be 100% of my relationships
have ended I swear to God I swear to God
because I'll be so busy but instagrams
work in a row in Congress too busy
Draupadi's we can post on instagram with
first of all don't stop what I'm doing
create status and the person so you're
showing a pic to that start swiping
through your phone that's dangerous
especially that person's apparent
periscope annoying dying I'll be doing
this let's give it some Muslim care like
my friend w parents and they don't
realize what they're doing we don't
understand what they might see like I
was until we came into office of the
ways we both like you don't do it yeah
The Electrician question so like I'm a
hijabi I wear head son I got scarf less
pictures on my phone I got WAY worse I
owe like nah I is so funny other news I
got carpet see for me it's like is
people so I feel like oh my god you're
gonna see me no beer in two seconds
while people might tell you to do
something when you're in the middle of
doing it let's go right now let's meet
the two Club wonder okay Lillian because
what up poking over to the club one day
we're like being yellow chairs some
people I'm going to be bent yeah great
idea my mom goes with all the time all
the time
oh my god I'm pretty sure this is what
develops like my rebellious miss at a
very early age I am Who I am today
because my dad kept telling me to do
things long and girls do not exactly
labels like doing the dishes yes like
the equivalent to like when my mom used
to call the hell explora and such a big
way home yeah
or the people who DoubleTap on an
Instagram picture while you're keeping
finding it's gonna zoom in' now honey
whether you sleep all online and then
you like a 37 week old picture but we
just try to go rolling a hundred twenty
two weeks because hopping it out have
you ever send a screenshot to somebody
of a convoy your home yeah yes okay I
had done literally a par three upmost
like both yeah what I actually did to
cover up I sent in conversation I was
like I just want to show you our dumb
you sounded so people who missed such
screenshots and packages can also GTFO
yes no it'll wait for your honor once
and then hundreds of men why you so here
all of these people can get out of here
and get banished from the united states
there's no place for you in our country
we can also assign oh my god Jim still
trying to get that air but your question
yeah am I on my boy little people I'm
very content me in Canadians and I'm
already sure it runs like jealous of you
pretend right now like I do get max with
anything up your anger Canadian foe oh
my god Wow like him can you marry me
yeah yes a I'm like okay yeah yeah I
need the papers yeah
if we have Muslims in this country I
feel like a went out like really dope
reading material in ll comically that
was for real on my bookshelf by the way
that was not a planted prop I actually
do own this book I am a fan and it was
actually here so much girl lil of course
girl of all the way we can't generalize
the whole little people on front of
their Muslim like that's just stupid
come on as funny as this baby because of
how absolutely ridiculous it is the fact
remains that there are families getting
ripped apart it means that religion does
play a factor and that should never be
the case on the percent it's literally
like I feel like I'm in a movie
that was filmed in the 1500 oh my god
and I'm like it's real life right now
it's
we were to do is when we're studying
with the civil rights movement or
anything like that when we're in school
we're always asking ourselves like oh I
wonder what what I would have been doing
in the civil rights era I wonder if I
would be likely getting to like what
you're doing at this moment in time
right now is exactly what you would have
done that encompasses a and years and
now people will read about that yep in a
book like I said what do you want your
actions week yeah people you know look
back at this moment and just like how we
look back at some horrible things that
have happened throughout history like oh
my god how could they let that happen
you know it's up to us to make sure that
future generations when asked the
question yes take a look back at us and
feel like oh they put a stop to it that
was badass because of people like for
people like that people like that do
something to do like you literally
report I read you are I have a video
called freeways allies can help Muslim
women definitely check it out very easy
thing to you literally from wherever
you're sitting right at home everyone
has a part like this is not the moment
to feel hopeless or in despair anything
like that there are people that need you
right now
and there's a lot that you can do just
with the resources you have at your
fingertips so never be afraid to step up
all of you watching you should speak of
love this because wonderful people get
impacted by wonderful book and you know
how to say haha very cool oh oh okay
cool yeah I mean they're just saying
right I just book coming out I mean it's
not going to compare to your mouth to be
forever coming up how to be about is a
guy who has not just survive life but
conquer life 50 chapters with things
I've learned and the lessons I believe
that can help you be the best of all TV
can translate to anyone
yes confident all matter who you are
with what age you are was going to life
I choose leave all this one
I'm so proud of you thank you so good
okay come TG mile trail okay okay so the
one love one love superwoman I think
it's complicated yeah oh so close in
three no one ever gets it
what three in three boom what do quote
that is a wrap
Superboy and Zoop what
