this is my hustle right now it's like
this plate 11 o'clock at night my
internet went out so i'm trekking to a
diner where there's give you free Wi-Fi
and endless coffee refills I drink a
bunch of these things because I'm short
and editor tonight I've been dealing
with most umbrella calm being gone for
most of the day due to our database
being overwhelmed everyone is about
Donald Trump my possibility announcement
I'm really starting to point is that
it's actually happening inside that we
as a nation have a lot it's come to this
point betrayal almost like my own my own
countrymen failed me people are always
left by the wayside to pick up the
pieces I'll be honest I'm not scared I
know that we are going to get through
this I know that we're going to organize
and this moment will inadvertently ends
up bringing the logical together with
this news i know is only going to get
more chaotic so i don't know but i just
want to post with a quick update because
never because i'm not thinking about
posting or like cities like you forever
but because I'm like so backed up on
things i want to share with you guys
sometimes I stop myself from uploading
but I figured whatever I'm just gonna
these are my thoughts unedited raw full
of laws so we'll just lift them up and
hope for the best for the angsting right
now it's super important for us to all
band together isn't serious organizing
honestly we needs like all hands on deck
because with what we're up against can't
be anything less tragic there's going to
happen too much I Muslim girl via the
moments where we're able to really shine
and do what we do that my girls are made
for moments like these you know so
anything I have a lot of case in the
sisterhood the most no girl army is you
ready Trump's worst nightmare
