trust me I know we're all depressed AF
right now and that we're welcoming in a
President Trump the number-one question
that I've been receiving since the
incident that shall not be made has been
what can allies do to help what can we
do to empower you right now so I want to
quickly answer that question with three
easy ways that anybody can really do a
tremendous service and helping and
supporting and empowering Muslim women
is literally right from wherever you are
number one
stand up for us the burden of what has
just taken place should not fall on our
shoulders on people that are members of
marginalized communities people whose
identities have already been under
complete assault for the past year and a
half through this election cycle it's
not fair for us to have to constantly
reaffirm our humanity it is exhausting
and that shouldn't be something that
falls on our shoulders
us having to explain and educate people
and teach them about why what they're
saying Islamophobic or disempowering our
allies could totally step in and do that
for us and if anything I think that's
our allies responsibility during my
first book reading in a southern state a
red state that voted for a Trump I was
really grateful that one of the
attendees who was a white nun with some
woman she raised her hand and she said
to my fellow white people in this room
understand that people respond more
effectively when they are corrected by
someone of the same status level or
higher meaning privilege it's a white
person saw something racist they'll
respond better if they're called out by
another white person than if they're
called out by a black person for example
that's honestly one of the most
effective ways that you can helpless
woman literally just within your own
immediate community your own immediate
social circles if you hear someone
saying something racist or
discriminatory or asserting it a
microaggression of some kind then be the
one to crack them not only is it that's
just because you know that's your homies
but also because that small change
ripples outward you never know how you
could be preventing a hate crime from
happening it starts right at home it
starts in our schools if you were to
tell me that's the only possible way you
can help with some women right now I
always be more than happy number two
the second way that you can help Muslim
woman is by letting us talk when we talk
actually listen you can put away all of
your fake two jobs that you want to wear
in solidarity or the safety pin that's
going to make yourself feel better I
know a hundred percent love the
intention behind non-muslims wearing a
headscarf in solidarity but it's not
really going to do much for us you know
not almost a woman wear headscarves
number two putting it on for an a we can
just take it off and throw it on your
counter is it really going to give you
an encompassing understanding of what
our experience is like if you want to
know what it's like being almost a woman
that wears a headscarf today then how
about having a conversation with a
Muslim woman and letting her be the one
to tell you we don't need the
affirmation of non-muslim people to be
like oh yeah I still had scarf on today
and I had a pretty crappy day for people
to actually believe that things are bad
for us right now we've been saying this
if you have the opportunities to get
space to a Muslim woman and let her
exercise her own voice and talk about
how something's impacting her affecting
her and says you be the ones we got her
to have then take that opportunity pass
the mic and when you can amplify those
voices every which way I don't care what
people say about armchair activism or
social media warriors and whatnot like
no you see an article written by a
Muslim woman about what it's like being
a Muslim woman you hit share man you
spread the knowledge that's how we
elevate voices that's how we give them a
platform and the conversation is taking
place about Muslim women make sure it's
actually being bled by muscle woman
please kind of a no-brainer but tell
that to mainstream media right number
three support Muslim women now I don't
know what you heard but I'm letting you
know that the Muslim women scene right
now is popping this much like innovation
and activism and entrepreneurialism
taking place amongst Muslim women right
now that's something that we should
absolutely empower and support every
possible way that we can whether it's
small businesses or initiatives and
projects are being led by
well then to create a difference today
amplify them support them if you want to
sort awareness to let it with some
related topic to your friends then why
not opt for sharing on the swim platform
instead of your typical corporate news
website if you can buy a product from a
Muslim owned small business then why not
opt for that you know we got a habit on
this box we must support each other
especially what we're up against right
now so those are three easy ways that
you can help Muslim women today from
wherever the heck you are these are ways
but unlike putting on a fake hijab or a
safety pin they are more proactive
instead of passive they are tangible
ways that you will make a difference and
trust me it will be self you know what
you can do in the next ten seconds to
support Muslim women share this video
Muslim women don't need saving but we
need your support we have to remember
that we are each other's keeper and if
there's one thing that I learned it's
the sheer power of alliances and as long
as we got the right people in our corner
there's no weight that our voices will
ever be silenced be sure to subscribe
and let me know if you have any other
questions in the comments and I will do
my best to answer them happy Twilight's
own week bye
