like this way you can get off one shot
women too to do photo shoots as well as
six to seven three sent and it's a
statement about how sixty seven percent
of America is what is technically
considered suicide or which is are
charging Thank You warrior boy do you
mind if we start how you express
yourself through clothes and then it's
where religious identity and modesty
come into play with that I definitely
noticed the way that society treated me
differently and I'm very lost the weight
so I definitely look getting like more
positive attention where people are
complimenting me on my parents and guys
are treating me differently course
people would like it that I'm smaller
like I'm taking up less space I mean it
just seems a little bit disempowering
I'm not going to a that women that are
smaller are like less powerful or
anything like that but to make up a
woman that is large feel pressure to
become smaller I think is wrong I always
felt like my body was an inconvenience
it was always in people's way very
negative self perception because of my
size like I said I belong it's in this
process of taking the courses meaning
that I've always feel like they've been
in the way or things I'm going to shoot
up like my big butt or like my huge ship
and then making them something that I'm
proud of and that of course process into
the territory but it's not modest it is
so the entire reason why I wear a
headscarf is because my rejection of the
mill games my like reclamation of like
my body's autonomy from this like hyper
sexualization in society I choose to
replay what part of my bodies I fitted
condition like tion because it doesn't
fit the social standards and to me that
just seems like something I'm entitled
to I'm wearing this skirt that you know
like high-waisted obviously accentuates
my hips and stuff like that but high it
was my hijab for example by wearing like
a long shirt on top of it that covers my
back and it looks a little bit more
modest I've been trying to basically to
navigate go through it's like Epsom yeah
like intersection you know that's been
definitely interesting what it is
in terms of modesty a lot of larger
womens are automatically assumed to more
sex feeling more sexual from the modesty
side of thing was always told you've
come you're but you have to really long
assurance like that this times has been
always a source of anxiety for what the
whole boys with my but you are a person
on that size you're expected to be hyper
sexualized you know and like if you're
not wearing bodycon dress is like you're
hiding here I can't be celebrating me
and my body without having some where my
body contrasts and so it's like if you
do wear this along lose so the milk from
feet I don't want to compromise style
yeah either is navigating it just
shopping ever an issue for you when I
first had written the headscarf
when I was 13 years old shopping was
dreadful literally could not find
anything that fit my modesty but also
reflected like the trends that I really
wanted the thirteen-year-old teenage
girl I know I was very very awkward and
it came through in the way that I
dressed myself and even just like the
way that I felt about myself like that
kind of the same size notice most
significantly after I lost the weight
was that I could fit like almost
anything the stories now oh my god I'm
doing but if I could find clothes that
fit me anymore then it may be more very
acutely aware of how that's the lived
experience it actually dramatically
changes your quality of life when you
don't have clothes available exactly of
your size even just to feel good in my
body right now I should be allowed to
dress the way I was exactly my style
shifted dramatically too and the reason
why my style just it is because does
have some more clothes there's asking
some more clothes and I see dress the
way I actually wanted to dress that was
a limited to just the clothes that were
deal with my size look for it's like
Ernie I'm going to wear you stands
because they're the only pants in my
size behind this now it's like alright I
just watch it I can you can't because
it'll fit right on how people with you
tips with that's my choice yeah
definitely limit self-expression is it
even remotely body-positive
if the conversation around body is still
centered around
male desire you know fashion campaigns
are rarely centered on - it's about the
curve the body in the car
after great on who I love like one
amazing model Yakima being people only
accept her which is where this one
student is on the cover of Sports
Illustrated owning your body comes and
still catering to this like
hyper-sexualized really that's I think
this like my first memory was satellite
although that's not like that yeah I
didn't love me
