what's up family I am super hyped today
I have been wanting to try out 23andme
to learn about my DNA results for a
while so I'm super grateful to 23andme
for sponsoring this video and giving me
that awesome opportunity so before we
begin a little bit of trivia or the name
23andme comes from human DNA is paired
into 23 chromosomes so more you know I'm
pretty sure I learned that in high
school at some point and then forgot so
thank you 23andme the way that 23andme
works is that they basically take a
sample of your DNA and then they're able
to tell you all this cool stuff about
you like your ancestry and where you
come from or how your DNA has impacted
some of your facial features and things
like that your taste preferences like
it's literally insane I cannot wait
check this out with you guys let's dive
right into it let's start out with the
basics let's open up the ancestry report
what do you think I could pass us hmm I
get like Mediterranean I get mixed
action one of the top nationalities that
people think I am is Egyptian
yo 99.8% Middle Eastern and North
African what okay pause that is really
crazy almost literally 100 percent there
are already a few things that
immediately tells me that I do not need
23andme to affirm number one being that
means I am chronically late to
everything it's just in my DNA number
two I am likely loud AF very likely and
number three I must love to blow things
out of proportion what did you think I
was gonna say racist my family name
alpha thoughts that it's a tribe in
Jordan like literally straight up
Jordanian Arabs on the street that here
my last name know that I'm Jordanian
from it my dad always told me is that
our family line is a direct lineage from
Al Wahda Eponine huzzah huzzah huzzah
and Ahmed was one of the closest
companions to Prophet Muhammad and they
were back in like Saudi Arabia back then
and those
so what up and looks like I do got some
North African in you oh wow I'm actually
more North African than I am Middle
Eastern 52.3% North Africans I guess
there's a reason why people think I'm
Egyptian after all what's cool about
23andme is that it reads certain parts
of your DNA which can tell you about
certain characteristics that you might
have etc so I'm really interested in
reading those like the traits that I
carry you know like genetically so let's
check that out
asparagus odor detection likely can
smell yeah I can definitely smell
asparagus but I didn't know that that
was a thing people can't smell asparagus
what likely no dimples
does that count my ass how this like one
like defected dimple on this cheek and
like nothing over here so let's see what
else we got
unibrow likely at least a little unibrow
yeah my grade school bullies would
definitely say so
newborn hair likely lots of baby hair
hmm really
let's check out what my 23andme results
say about wellness genetic weight
predisposed to weigh more than average
yeah oh my god you guys am i genetically
predisposed to being fat even though
that kind of sucks damn it
muscle composition common and elite
power athletes what is good I could
never really consistently play sports
growing up like the most I did was track
and field in high school tried really
hard for basketball though you know cuz
I'm like so tall and stuff but couldn't
really get into it as much as I wanted
to men alright well this has been some
really useful information to say the
least I'm gonna go call out my parents
for some of it thanks again to 23andme
for sponsoring this video you can learn
all about your DNA story by going to
23andme comm slash almani as always make
sure to like comment and subscribe
stay real stay hustling and today Popat
