oh my god I wish I could show you I he
looks like right the only way I'm
keeping him like sitting still right now
is by letting him play with the wire of
my mic and if you follow me on my
personal social media then you probably
already know that I got a kitten I asked
you to help me come up with a name for
him
and I am so pleased to officially and
now mr. name is a combination of tuning
suggestions
the first one is milk suggested by my
little brother Faris because why it's
just so cute and then the other was of
course biggie smalls because we're mad
that was suggested by as Mia who is the
executive editor of Muslim girl calm and
who was previously the editor at The
Source magazine so she's pretty biased
towards hip-hop legends I would say the
runner-ups were tina which was my
personal favorite or tahini submitted by
MJ who is a prolific palestinian poet
and who just wrote a really amazing poem
for syria so i'm gonna link to his
poetry down in the description box the
other runner-up which was the muslim
girl staff favorite was blue submitted
by muslim girl writer nas because it was
a beautiful baby blue i'm going to link
to her most recent with some girl
article also in the description box for
you to check out make sure you subscribe
thank you so much I can't believe I have
over 30 subscribers already
amazing I love you so much I've been
told you guys that I'm uploading a video
on Tuesday and or Monday now and by
and/or I mean it could either grow up on
Monday or it could go up on both Monday
and Tuesday with two new videos the only
way you'll find out really is if you
subscribe and I'm saying or follow me on
all my social media networks which is
also a close second thanks again for
tuning in and I am so excited about
meeting all of you until next time
