what the family so I just finished
shooting some quick vids for Muslim girl
calm to talk about Muslim woman's day
happening on March 27th yes for the
second year in a row we all might have
remembered me posting some videos about
it when we first launched it for Women's
History Month I figured I would just
quickly shoot a reminder video and post
it on my youtube channel as you all know
this is a campaign that means a lot to
me and one that I never would have
imagined us having when I was a little
girl growing up through post 9/11
hysteria and heightened Islamophobia and
I just know how big of a difference it
makes in the lives of Muslim women and
little Muslim girls today and for just
brown women and marginalized women in
general to be able to feel like people
have their backs and it's not them
that's always being left out of the
conversation they're not always excluded
they're not always forgotten and left
behind and one of the reasons why this
day was born was because everyone wants
to make a difference people want to know
how they can be allies and how they can
help and this campaign hashtag Muslim
Women's Day is one of the easiest ways
to do that one of the easiest ways to
give space to voices that aren't always
heard in the conversation and to give
that to give that space where it's due
so I could talk about how to get
involved on here or I could just tell
y'all to check out Muslim girls social
media where I do just that so right now
I actually am running late I have to
catch a flight so I'm gonna cut this
short but I love you all
and I'm a few blocks coming up for you
and my creators free change series about
to drop episode 1 so keep an eye out for
that if you don't already follow me on
social media to see what's happening
right now find out on my Instagram
shameless plug for my Twitter or my
Facebook as always make sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe stay real still
hustling and stay poppet
