my friends so there's this thing that
happens and I make videos talking about
race on my channel inevitably somebody
leaves a comment that's like why are you
been talking about this you're not even
black and mind you it's always white
people who comment this and I know why
they're doing it they're trying to stir
 I get it but that's been a common
theme in my life that racial identity is
confusing and weird so I wanted to make
this video to clear everything up
I'm definitely black my name is Arielle
um how do I describe my racial identity
my name is Derrick I identify as mixed
probably trending african-american
because that's how I visually present I
think of myself as biracial mixed-race
however you want to call it um I'm
trying very hard these days to call
myself black as often as I possibly can
well so clarify identify as both
biracial because I have a white parent
and a black parent and black and I want
to explain why my racial identity
doesn't come in a neat package because
neither does race right like our idea of
what race is comes from mostly two
things how we look and what kind of
culture we grew up in and how I look is
kind of a minefield if you were to ask
people to judge my race based on what I
look like it would sound like the it's a
small world ride its she's Indian it's
she's Filipina it's my old boss telling
people oh the new digital director is
gonna be great she worked for Hillary
she's latina it's my friend from high
schools mom asking who else was gonna be
at the party so he goes you know Alyssa
Caitlyn Taylor Oh Taylor is she the
pretty Pakistani girl it's what are you
it's a lot of people being very bold and
specific in their wrongness
but of course I'm racially ambiguous so
they have to put me in some kind of
category to understand me it doesn't
really matter to them which one I don't
know if ambiguity itself factors into my
identity I have other things about me
that are ambiguous that factor maybe
more so
like my gender presentation like people
see what they want to see in me and you
know back when I used to have very long
curly hair I would get stopped on the
street by Moroccan people who'd be like
your Moroccan cool let's hang out and
I'd be like urgently I'm not but hi like
nice to meet you I'd feel like I could
be from anywhere but whatever people see
me as they don't see me or treat me as
if I'm white like I make it called the
wrong racial slur on the sidewalk but
I'm not walking down the sidewalk never
having heard a racial slur you know my
phenotype doesn't tell a simple story so
black is the answer to what are you
black is the box I check on the form
because if you're just trying to figure
out what kind of not white I am so you
don't actually have to get to know me
that's the information you're looking
for so I think like for me woman of
color is just like this powerful like
beautiful way of describing myself but
within that I'm a black woman the other
major way we think about race is
cultural and that's messy for me too I
grew up in a very white area and I went
to a very white school so I didn't grow
up watching the same movies or shows or
listening to the same music as my black
friends that I've made as an adult it
took me a while to come into all of that
I was like 23 before I knew like what a
fate was like I'm here every week I've
been cutting it myself since like
College I didn't grow up with the
language to communicate like how I
wanted it to be mm-hmm
and so like I will do it myself and it's
not going to be as good as I wanted but
it's gonna be closer and it's not like
my mom didn't try to impose some culture
on me rest assured we always had on
Whitney or Mariah in the car she was
left at the first black woman president
of the State Bar of Wisconsin which is a
huge achievement in her field and she
tried to get me to understand the
gravity of that first she took me to see
Julian Bond when he spoke at one of
their meetings she even tried to braid
my hair and put barrette
when I was little but I knew that all of
that stuff made me different and weird
and I just wanted to fit in in a school
rise already the kid that everybody
stared out when we did the Black History
Month lesson in social studies I didn't
want to attract any more judgment my
mother is white she's a redhead
my father is Trinidadian I think that
for him even when he was in Trinidad he
would refer to himself as red because
he's he's obviously black but he's
light-skinned black he became black by
moving to Canada so I think that for him
he always felt a very strong tie to the
Caribbean and to Trinidadian culture and
his black identity is very much tied to
his his identity as an immigrant the
identity that he passed on to us was the
Trinidadian identity you know he wanted
to make sure that we understood the
difference between calypso and soca that
we knew how to eat really spicy foods
and we knew how to make a good homemade
curry right like those were things that
were really important to him than
talking to us as black women that we
didn't talk about a lot so my culture
growing up was pretty white and I'm
trying to make up for lost time now and
understand my history and participate
and all of the joy that comes with black
culture without being like appropriative
I don't want a full life where you're
sort of claiming like the proud parts
that you like but as soon as there's
like you know a negative aspect or like
you face any hardship connected to it
you like skip back into my privilege
thank you know I am black if there's any
like negative aspects of that like my
privilege to get out of like I'm not
gonna be the one even it's like skips
out of that because there's not really
like a deep rich culture that just
belongs to biracial people you know like
neither of your parents quite share that
experience with you they can't pass down
biracial nough stew you and more often
than not your friends don't really get
it either you're just a little different
to all of them
and that can be pretty isolating I do
sort of feel that there's such a thing
as biracial court culture in that it is
a culture of confusion most everybody
has had to deal with some sort of like
Who am I how do I qualify what I am and
what am I allowed to claim okay drink
talk about someone who would be like
very much defining in the popular sense
right like biracial culture or mixed
culture the beef would push a tee like
right now there are plenty of legitimate
criticisms of him for his behavior but
you went after his identity yes not
being all right I remember as a teenager
where they would say some ignorant thing
that kids say about people with color
I'd be like guys like I'm right here and
they go like oh but but you don't count
right like you're you're you're Arial
you're not you know you're not black it
was so painful feeling like I'm not
black enough is also so deeply tied into
the degree of privilege that I benefit
from right like I am I navigate the
world differently than a much darker
black woman I have a lot probably a lot
less challenges than a much darker black
woman so I think it's difficult to go
like oh woe is me I want to belong and
then also have a easier life because of
this thing that makes me sad right I
wanted to feel embraced by a culture
that I loved and I wanted to feel like I
was a part of it not with an asterisk
next to my name so I identify with being
black along with biracial because it's a
way to ground myself in something bigger
than me it's so important for me to
claim my blackness now because I'm so
proud of that part of me I
get though that being mixed affords me
certain privileges because my skin is
light and my curls are loose and I talk
in a certain way
I'm adjacent to whiteness in a way that
feels safe to white people
people wanted to include me in there or
like sort of be happy that they had a
black friend because they like were very
clear that they like sort of visually
saw me as black but they didn't want me
to act the way they thought black people
acted they want you to have this sort of
like performative whiteness I'm more
likely to be the diversity higher
because I'm not whatever stereotype they
envision black people to be it's not
till I get hired that I get labeled too
aggressive or too pushy or -
insubordinate for advocating for even
better inclusion it's John all this
weird line where I both benefit from
white supremacy and undamaged by it if
you look at the diversity quotients we
get right it's not like a dark-skinned
mary jane in the new spider-man
it's daya light-skinned privilege is
still a thing and so like
representations in the culture do skew -
like - a biracial place because there's
always gonna be an element of privilege
in there where I don't want to offend
anyone and I don't want to overstep but
I also want to be able to claim my black
identity and also because I'm in media
and I want to be able to represent and I
think it matters that a person of color
has my job and I think it matters that a
black woman has my job and then black
woman has my
you know all those things are important
so when people comment you don't look
black why are you talking about this
it's because I'm trying to use my
relative privilege to speak up about
these issues I'm trying to embrace my
heritage and all that it entails I'm
trying to honor my mother and
grandmother who taught me better than to
hide from Who I am
I'm trying to assert that black is
something to be proud of it's something
that I'm proud of I am so proud to be
biracial and black and I'm not gonna
shut up about it
in the comments please tell me a little
bit about how you understand your own
racial identity if you like this video
please share it with someone else who
you think might like it and I'll see you
soon bye
