to be a Negro in this country and to be
relatively conscious is to be in a state
of rage almost all the time
James Baldwin wrote that in 1963 and
unfortunately it sometimes feels like in
the intervening 52 years not much has
changed at all so now we have twitter
that constant state of Rage is too real
and it's a phenomenon that I like to
call locust fatigue you start to become
aware of injustice that's happening and
you feel like in order to right the
wrongs you have to be vigilant you have
to bear witness through people who are
dying you feel like you have to spread
the word to make sure that everyone is
aware because as soon as we turn a blind
eye to injustice injustice wins and I
feel that hard but I think to some
degree to carry that around in your mind
and in your body really takes a toll you
wake up and you check your Twitter feed
and it's another hashtag of another
black kid's name and not even 30 seconds
into your day it already feels like too
much especially in the past few weeks
where at least I felt like the entire
sky is falling down and my arms are just
not big enough to hold it all up so you
try to take care of yourself you say
maybe today I'll just read the headlines
but I won't click the links and suddenly
your feet is just looping Jeff after
looping Jeff of laQuan McDonald getting
gunned down in Chicago and you can't
escape now everyone makes a great point
about this in her video calling in black
but when it's day after day it's really
easy it's think pretty deep into a pit
of despair that you just can't dig
yourself out of and you feel it I feel
it in my mental and my physical health
so in the past week I've had to step
away for a little bit I deleted the
Twitter app off of my phone got rid of
my Facebook I even been pretty quiet
here on YouTube and if you two are
suffering from witness fatigue I also
want to encourage you to try and take a
break
I think it's been really beneficial for
me and I also think it's super important
to try and take care of yourself and not
let the constant digital barrage of
white supremacy break you as much as it
might feel this way it's not your
responsibility to bear witness to every
single act of injustice that's just
impossible fortunately there are so many
of us speaking and watching and
amplifying that it's okay if you need to
sit it out around her too if you give
yourself some time to step away inhale
you're gonna be able to come back and be
more useful to the movement anyway then
you would have been able to be otherwise
and to any non person of color allies
who are watching this video you know
that you have the luxury of being able
to step away and not constantly feel the
effects of white supremacy deep within
yourself so just be patient when you're
POC friends need to ghost from the
internet for a while and as much as you
may also want to bear witness just
consider that a real toll that all the
videos and gifs of these violent events
especially those ones that autoplay can
take on your friends of color and
proceed with caution
in the comments I want to hear if you
have ever experienced woken is fatigue
whether it be for a race or any other
kind of issue and how do you take care
of yourself when you do if you enjoyed
hanging out with me here today you can
find links to all of my social medias
down below and I will see you on Friday
for the project for awesome bye
