hi friends so later this week happens to
be Thanksgiving in the US and it's a
really lovely time in theory right you
share a meal with your family you think
about gratitude but for the first time
in my life I'm not actually celebrating
it this year that's partially because I
just moved across the country and plane
tickets are expensive but it's partially
just because I find that particular
holiday a little unpleasant and
stressful so I'm saying no thanks did
did you see it what what I did to say
see this year while you get
uncomfortably full and trying to avoid
your mildly racist relatives I'm gonna
be eating pizza in bed and watching
Jessica Jones it's completely and so as
we plow headfirst into holiday times I
would like to remind you that it is your
prerogative nay your right to say no
thanks as well you can say no thanks to
the piece of pie you'd rather not eat
you can say no thanks to joining the
drunken family discussion of politics
and just go read by yourself for an hour
if you need to be by yourself for an
hour you can say no thanks to Black
Friday in fact please do you can say no
thanks to buying gifts that nobody
really needs you can even say no thanks
to gift exchanges entirely if you want
to now I have a generally Pleasant and
uncomplicated family dynamic and I still
find these compulsory quality gatherings
to be entirely exhausting so I can't
even imagine how this must feel for
those of you who aren't surrounded by
the most kind caring or functional
people having to go through this with
the added pressure of this most
wonderful time of the year cultural BS
so try it this year if you like put in a
couple keywords at your disposal know
the thanks
for best results maybe leave out that
metal part and you knew that but I
thought it was important to remind you
because I love you and I will be
thinking of you very fondly as I spend
the majority of next Thursday
pajamas eating candy on the floor please
tell me in the comments what you are
saying no to you for the remainder of
this calendar year and if you love to
hang out with me here you can find me on
all the social medias in the links below
I'll see you next week bye
