yeah I was always that teacher's pet
little twerp in class loved to be called
on to read out loud from the textbook
but this time was different when mrs.
Nord shout out to mrs. Nord asked me to
read this particular passage from the
textbook I could just feel that heat on
the back of my neck from everyone just
staring at me because of course when we
turn to page 50 whatever it was the
slavery chapter it's always the slavery
chapter and I think that was the first
time that I just awash in a sea of beige
10 year olds felt so keenly aware that I
was the only person of color in the room
I mean by now I had years of experience
being the only black kid in the class
being young buck friend and the friend
group even when I got to college and
finally got a chance to befriend Latinas
and filipinas and otherwise non-white
people I still was often the only black
girl there I had a friend transferred to
another school because she was so sick
of being a sassy black friend of being
the only one in the room now in middle
school the Urban League chapter in my
hometown held an annual breakfast to
honor high-achieving kids of color I was
long as invited which I actually
resented a lot because I hated getting
called out for being a person of color
at that point in my life but no can't
stop won't stop getting those good
grades 1 years we were getting ready to
go my dad made an offhand kind of joke
about how he was probably gonna be the
only white face in the room and my
mother god bless who was and probably
still is the only one in the room more
often than she is not shut it down she's
been in the reverse situation a million
times and nobody thought that that
should be weird when we talk about
representation I feel like there's a
backlash in certain circles like that we
have enough by now right you get too
many black people in your TV show or
your office or representing you
politically and people start to feel
their privileged threatened we have
Beyonce we have viola davis we have
Barack Obama in the White House we good
but we're super
hot just like Ruth Bader Ginsburg
statement that there'll be enough women
on the Supreme Court when there are nine
of them we have a lot of lost time to
make up for representation matters and
one's not good enough until you know
what it's like to be the only one in the
room you haven't felt the particular
pain of being asked to speak for every
person who looks like you but definitely
don't speak too much and until little
kids of color can see themselves in
every boardroom or lab or set or Senate
floor we haven't done our jobs in the
comments I want to hear a story about a
time when you were the only person in
the room whether you're the only person
of color or only queer person or only
disabled person whatever it may be how
did that make you feel and if you
haven't had that experience go read and
listen and your homework is to put
yourself in a position where you are the
only one in the room and get your life
if you enjoyed this video you can
consider subscribing you can also find
me on social medias and Alex below and I
will see you next week bye
you
