my friends like I think a lot of women
it has always been important to me to be
or to become pretty and that bothers me
so let's talk about it
I was five years old and I got my first
American Girl doll you having those
they're like these just beautifully made
dolls with these historical fiction
backstories and I wanted the cement the
doll so bad that I prayed to Santa for
one my mom mask knew I didn't want addy
who was the black dog who probably at
that time was the one who looked most
like me and I said because daddy's not
pretty five years old when I was 12 I
got in the most trouble I ever gotten as
a kid when my mom caught my best friend
and I walking cold miles to the
Walgreens after school by ourselves to
buy makeup and by 13 I was straightening
my hair every single day before school
to look pretty you know how I started
watching YouTube beauty bloggers age 19
and by 22 I was a beauty blogger myself
our website called XO Viacom I wrote for
them for almost two years
and made some write for them again in
the future but I think it's safe to say
that I have spent an inordinate amount
of my time and definitely my money
pursuing beauty thinking it was
important to be pretty that it was the
most important and that's some
now I wrestled that a lot because I'm a
FEMINIST and I hate how standards beauty
exist to make women feel less than I
hate how they devalue women of color I
hate how I'm always trying to find that
line between wearing enough makeup that
I'm seen as competent and trustworthy
but not wearing too much that I seem
like I'm stupid and I hate that men
don't have to play that game so why do I
almost always still have a Sephora tab
open and Firefox one thing I really
loved about writing for XO vain was that
it was made up of a lot of women kind of
taking back beauties
I always sold it I was like a feminist
or reverent version of a beauty website
it was a place where I could get paid
for writing not only about lip stains
and body scrubs but also things like
dermatillomania and the cultural
appropriation of black hairstyles we are
allowed to call on product
claims that were overblown or harmful to
women and some of my fellow writers did
things like put on purple lipstick and
shave their heads and say this is what
makes me feel beautiful and I don't all
too much care whether you like it but
there were definitely still moments
where I felt like part of the machine
I'd be writing and think I'm
manufacturing a flaw here that isn't
real I'm selling women a product they
don't need and I'm hoping to line the
pockets of an old white guy who profits
on me feeling bad about myself gross
it's a really really delicate border and
most of the time I feel like my
participation in beauty is still
probably like 40 percent patriarchy 60%
girl power I mean there's a lot to be
said about baby as a space that's still
dominated by women and girls that's a
place to bond and be heard and build
businesses and there's a lot of times
when Guinea makes me feel powerful like
I like to take selfies when I know I
look cute I like to draw on my wind
eyeliner like I'm preparing for war so I
know it's not all bad but I'm still very
confused about where that line is and
how far across it I'm willing
to stand this is just the surface of the
surface we could talk about this forever
and I want to in the comments please
tell me your history and thoughts for
your feelings about how you participate
or choose not to participate or in any
way reframe or redefine the idea of
beauty men who present a stereotypically
masculine you are not excused from this
conversation please talk to the women in
your life learn some things share some
things keep asking questions and keep
listening in them comments I'm also
gonna link in the comments a book called
the beauty myth by Naomi Wolf and a
documentary called America the Beautiful
that got me started thinking about this
question in college if you like this
video you can consider subscribing if
you're so inclined you can also keep
talking to me on Twitter Tumblr
Instagram snapchat in links below and I
will see you next week goodbye
