hi friends so I work at a non-profit in
fact I'm low-key in my office right now
and while ago on tumblr I'm pretty
little birdie asked me about how I not
into nonprofit work he or she wants to
also work on that what they should study
in college so given that it's one of my
last few days at my job here I thought I
would tell you about that um the fact
that I work there nonprofit is still
true so I got into nonprofits in kind of
a weird way start out College majoring
in advertising and realized pretty
quickly that I didn't want to just try
and sell people things they didn't theme
and I especially didn't want to make
them feel bad to do that so I switched
my major writing but quickly realized
that a lot of jobs for writing majors
are made advertising or marketing so I
decided that if it's going to be using
my writing to make people do a thing
that it would be a positive thing so I
did my first internship with a
non-profit helping to market a Farmers
Market Market which takes me my first
tip if you are interested in working in
a non-profit and you are still in school
to as many internships as you can in
fact even if you don't want to work in a
non-profit I wish that somebody told me
that even doing like one internship it's
probably not enough start as early as
you can do as many as you can it will be
a good way to figure out what you do and
you don't like and that whole like
needing experience to get a first job
thing internships are the way to do it
the great thing about nonprofits is that
you can also just volunteer with them
which means you get to get that
experience by doing good things for
people also it's really nice to resume
if you look like a good person makes
feel like a good person makes you a good
person it's a volunteer also note that
our writing leader I didn't major in
anything even slightly related to
nonprofits and part of that is because I
really philosophically disagree wait
the idea that college is just job
training and so you should major in
something like marketing or
nonprofits or business because you don't
have to come out of college knowing
everything you just need to know how to
learn things and quickly so I think
study whatever excites you gives you
kind of a broad range of experiences
meaning Ayyanar or double major and one
that's more kind of straight to career
track majors but the more diverse your
experience is the better especially in a
non-profit resources are often stretched
pretty thin so if you can do a lot of
different things and you are not super
specialized you're going to fit really
well with a non-profit team for example
I'd write but I also do graphic design
and I also do fundraising and I also
need a video production and I work at a
fairly large office as far as not off it
goes we have like 50 or 60 people but
you may end up in an office of two and
so the more you can adapt and pick up
your skills and just be able to have a
broad knowledge of a lot of things the
better you're going to do another thing
I think is hugely important is to open
yourself to experiences that will help
you develop your 10 15 I mean if you're
already on tumble you're piloting
halfway there but things like having
volunteer interactions with people you
normally wouldn't come across in your
day-to-day life or studying other
cultures traveling speaking other
languages any kind of class or volunteer
work for a job that can help you see a
little beyond yourself and maybe feel
like you are not the center of things is
important and I mean a few business or
marketing classes probably not gonna
hurt you either
now when you start looking for jobs
probably onion Otis but you're not going
to make a ton of money you working for a
non-profit you're always going to be
faced with the challenge I'm trying to
do pull more with a little last spoke in
your job and at home that's not a bad
thing how to be really efficient
effective
which is huge asset if you eventually
decide to leave for the private sector
also burnout can be really high in
nonprofits partially because of the
money thing but also a lot of it is
because go to work every day and you
care so much about what you're doing I
kind of pick you soon because there's
autumn or dude you can always do more
and if you try to pull eventually crash
and burn I think it's one of the
luckiest things in the world that I
didn't do work that takes care of other
people but have to also take care of
yourself
so if you're considering working for a
non-profit I definitely encourage it
because you know it's not evil we know
if you have ever thought about working
for a non-profit or if you have
questions about doing so in the comments
and I will answer them also if you work
for a non-profit or I work for nonprofit
if you have any of these ideas or
thoughts or tips to share please share
those as well
if you like this video you can consider
subscribing if you're so inclined you
can also find me on Twitter Tumblr
Instagram snapchat I'll see you next
week from a tweet of the location eye
