hi friends if you told me six months ago
that I would be a cooking food on a
regular basis and be enjoy eating that
food I would have been like snacks
you mean like eating snacks because I
don't particularly consider myself a
cook
look I find grocery stores very
stressful and overwhelming I just want
to get in and out as soon as possible
and I've always worked for nonprofits so
like I try to be conscious at the
grocery budget so when I used to look at
a recipe online I'd be like well I have
these three ingredients but not these
other six and they're all like much
smaller in size so whatever so when I
cook it's not good besides why make food
when you can make youtube videos and eat
snacks we're making quinoa by the way
because your girl went to Trader Joe's
yesterday now I used to go to Trader
Joe's exclusively for dried mango and
sesame cashews but now also quinoa
apparently because personal growth so
let me tell you how it all changed
people sometimes ask me what my favorite
youtube channel is and they expect that
it's gonna be like one of my friends or
somebody that I really look up to and
want to try to emulate but it's bone
Appetit magazines YouTube channel not
spawn it all started with this video
that kept popping up in my recommended
videos it was called something like
pastry chef attempts to make gourmet
gushers and I kept not clicking because
I was like I don't like tasty videos you
can't make me watch this tasty video but
when I was in elementary school
on occasion my parents would buy gushers
to pack in my lunches and if I could get
my hands on them and sneak them out of
the pantry without them noticing I would
eat the whole box in one day because I
loved gushers and the gushers were
calling to me so I answered them so I
watched this pastry chef struggle
struggle so watch this pastry chef drug
Jesus Christ I watched this pastry chef
struggle through like 13 minutes for me
I think like a week and a half for her
of trying to get a little hexagons to be
the right texture and attach them
together somehow and just try to make
this shitty thing you have better even
though it takes way longer and you only
get about
gushers out of at the end but goddamnit
she's doing it anyway and I watched it
and I was like what a perfect metaphor
for life in America in 2018 that
escalated into watching someone make
fresh pasta shapes for 27 minutes I
watched a guy make salt I got really
emotionally invested in like the crusts
on the steaks of strangers even though
I'm a vegetarian and then somehow I
started cooking food they have like the
little bowls like chopped up vegetables
and spices and everything you're
supposed to do that in real life - it's
called amazing which is like short for
something French which basically
translates to like chop up your onions
before you start cooking so you don't
forget and they have to stop in the
middle and burn your food although like
onions usually go in first it's a rough
translation I didn't mean to start
cooking it was just supposed to be for
entertainment but then I bought flaky
kosher salt because they said I should
have flaky kosher salt and then I bought
it - but tomato paste because they said
I should have one I may only only one
cooking spoon but I have a microplane
now influencer is gonna influence and
then I had all these cool internet aunts
telling me like why I should have this
different kind of softer like why I
should keep fresh herbs and and the
answer is flavors but I also know enough
now about like why you cook things a
certain way or like why you combine
certain flavors that I'm relatively
successful with just making it up with
what I have around so like today I had
chickpeas and kale and garam masala and
lemons at home so I bought quinoa and
cauliflower and yogurt and I'm basically
sweet green if at sweet green you had to
buy all the food and cook all the food
I'm not like gonna take bite and make
weird sounds in front of you
that would be weird I still eat my fair
share of snack meals and I ordered
takeout at least once a week but I think
it's kind of cool that I started
watching this thing to just dial out and
be entertained but it ended up forcing
me to like take better care of myself
and learn a new skill in the comments
tell me about something that you've
learned to do that you used to suck at
if you like this video you can subscribe
maybe share it with someone who you
think would like it and I will see you
soon bye
