hi friends look at this bookshelf this
sad lonely bookshelf behind me can only
mean one thing I'm moving so here's the
deal I never moved as a kid not once not
ever not until the earth opened up and
swallowed every last atom of my parents
house from the side tables to the
spiders to the wall with my height marks
from 1998 with my parents ever move so
I'm not super good at it I'm moving to
Seattle guys that's a long way the
distance between Madison and Seattle is
about 1600 22 miles is stress but also
it's adventure time there is a reason
why the leaving home story is such a
celebrated genre fiction far sickness
wanderlust burn way it's a very romantic
idea to abandon everything and go
somewhere new yes and for someone who's
been pretty timid to get too far from a
familiar place it has finally got me I
am that rootless twenty-something now it
had to happen eventually it's probably
the biggest reason I'm moving is that
I've just been here too damn long sure
it's great getting have brunch with my
parents every other week it's great to
work where I work it's great to take
walks where I have always taken walks
but it's getting a little sane sane so
I'm off and I have no idea what I'm in
for I to try and tie up my stories with
a nice little bow but this one ends in a
question mark for the next few weeks I
will be no matting around until I reach
my final destination there's probably
going to be a pretty good road trip in
there somewhere but not I gotta finish
packing so in the comment please tell me
your stories about leaving home or if
you ever have lived in or around or been
to the Pacific Northwest Pacific Lee
Seattle please let me know what i need
to do when i get there if you like this
video you can consider subscribing if
you're so inclined you can also
me and Twitter Tumblr and Instagram and
I will see you next week from who knows
where bye
