it got dark hi I'm Taylor but I was
supposed to be Danielle at least I was
according to family folklore when my mom
decided in labor that she didn't want to
be the only one in the family about
adeney and sometimes I wonder if my life
would be different if I were Danielle
would I have been more outgoing or
smarter or how taller Mimi I mean our
names are a pretty substantial part of
our identity that most of us don't even
get to choose so what has being Taylor
made me that's why I got so excited when
this post came across my - Lynda Barry
is a cartoonist a professor and a fellow
Madisonian who teaches a class on
cartooning and this is for welcome
letter to her students and she asked
that her students pick a character name
it could be an imaginary character like
spider-man a real person like Beyonce or
just any thing like your character name
could be the country of Greenland
Linda's first character name was
Professor Chewbacca there are no rules
for gender genre or time period the only
instruction is to not overthink it
but as you read through the list of
names you can start to wonder why people
chose them Inspector Gadget Felicity
Merriman prefrontal cortex do you choose
a name of something that is like you an
entity that represents something that
you wish you had something nostalgic or
something that just sounds funny I
definitely know what mine would be I
mean this is something that people will
call you exclusively in the boundaries
of this classroom for an entire semester
to a certain subset of people it is not
an identity that you're trying on it is
you I'm Taylor or whatever that means
if I chose my character name I'd be
brave Little Toaster I mean come on to
me that's a character that implies small
but mighty you get to be whimsical
lovable pretty cute but at the center of
it brave brave little toast
that's me we live in a space for
increasingly the names we choose are how
we know each other before you meet
Taylor you made me its radish time you
get to see this identity that I can
construct or the one that I am
constructing our names are given to us
before we know who we are before we know
who we want to become so isn't it kind
of lovely that here in our little
Internet we get to choose a name that we
want to go into all right I'm going to
keep this one short because what I
really want to do is hear from you do
you have a story about your name or your
username or just tell me what character
name you would choose if you were in
professor Barry's class and why I can't
wait to read your comments today you can
call me Brave Little Toaster but I will
see you next week and oh my god we'll
have so much to talk about
