hi guys I could not figure out how to
unlock a lock I just transferred to a
new middle school and unlike my old tiny
little Catholic school where the lockers
just opened this schools lockers had
locks on them combination locks and I
had no idea how to use them for two days
I just left my locker door like slightly
ajar just because I knew that if I
closed it I was screwed until somehow my
dad found out and then he drove me to
school after school hours and made me
just practice in tears opening and
closing the locker opening and closing
the locker 13 16 32 until I could get it
every time now when I started my first
office job everything was a combination
lock like figuring out how to do a mail
merge was unsolvable so how the hell was
doing our entire organizations in a
report going to be solvable at one of my
first staff meetings I was supposed to
present this timeline for all of our
projects and after i was done going
through it my boss looks at me and goes
okay so do you want to walk us through
it and in this very crushed kind of way
i managed like half mumble I thought I
just did but you do it over and over and
over again and you solve the lock I mean
now we have a bunch of new people at
work and I'm training them on all of
this stuff because it's easy for me
later this week I'm going to VidCon
again last year was my first time and I
almost canceled my trip because I was so
scared but share your room with complete
strangers going to this giant event full
of people that I didn't know and the
entire first day I was convinced I made
a huge mistake
that I met up with some people that I
knew a little bit but not totally from
doing Vita and I just kind of fell into
a better place I don't have being a
blast and this year I'm just looking
forward to seeing old friends and
hopefully making some new ones I mean I
haven't even really looked at the
schedule if I'm being totally honest but
I know it's gonna be okay this whole
convocation of Internet strangest thing
it's old hat but I want to hear from you
in the comments about something that
once seemed super difficult for you but
now seems like no big deal also if
you're going to VidCon and want to meet
up at some point let me know once I get
it sorted I will probably make my
whereabouts known on tumblr at some
point so if you're going to any of the
same panels maybe we can hang out if you
liked this video you can consider
subscribing if you're so inclined you
can also find me on Twitter Tumblr and
Instagram and links below and at VidCon
if you're going to be a big con um
otherwise I will see you next week bye
