hi guys i am feeling a little
overwhelmed right now you feeling a
little Oh mom right now here's what
we're gonna do I'm gonna give you some
positive and healthy ways to deal with
these feelings and then I'm going to
proceed to probably not take my own
advice so no matter what your brain is
doing you've gotta remember that you
have a human body it needs sleep it also
needs to be fed preferably healthy
things because as much as eating cheese
and crackers for four days straight
feels good for your soul probably not so
great for your body also probably little
exercise might help you out because if
you don't take care of your body
everything's gonna get worse second
thing panic nope please don't panic I
mean you're probably going to panic a
little right because your heart starts
racing and your brain feels a little
heavy and that's just the natural
response but try to remind yourself that
that feeling is helpful for running away
from bears not so much for getting your
work done not that you feel overwhelmed
about is all the Bears you have to run
from in that case freak the frak out but
yeah whatever you're stressed about is
only going to become more difficult if
you're panicking so take it down a
little and proceed to step three make a
list step 4 cross out most of your list
like find out which three things you
really want to get done today probably
the rest of it is not going to happen
forgive yourself carry on step 5 do the
first thing on the list I usually try to
make that like tidying up whatever area
I'm in because I am stressed cleaner and
it makes me feel more sane but you do
you step 6 take a
you're a human you need brains but try
to keep it to like 20 minutes or so
because otherwise you'll never end up
working again step 7 do more work step 8
and this is the bonus round complete the
third thing on your list even when I try
to narrow my list down to three things
sometimes I still don't get those three
things done and that's okay there's
always going to be more work for you to
do every day for the rest of your life
try to see that as a Zen thing and
finally step 9 go to bed see step 1 i
hope this video makes you feel a little
less overwhelmed in the comments i want
to know your best tips for dealing with
stress if you like this video please
consider subscribing if you're so
inclined you can also find me on twitter
tumblr Instagram and once below and I
will see you next week bye
