hi friends I am here with Nicole Sweeney
hello
so Nicole has her own YouTube channel
Sweeney says she also does many other
projects including the crash course
universe and also snack squad and be
wonderful one of my favorite podcasts
thank you I often think of Nicole is
like one of the most interesting people
that I know you've you've done a lot of
things sure you have a lot of good
stories which is why I'm really really
excited that you're here and we can like
moving around a lot was a very big part
of like my identity this idea that you
know in in the middle of my 20 is in
five years I lived in five different
time zones you know whatever but it's
interesting because both of those two
things are things that right now I just
turned 30 and so now I'm in this place
of like Who am I and what am I doing
with my life which is super weird and
moving apartments very soon because I
think mostly because it like satisfies
this sense of like gotta do something
different every change right everything
is to the same the the simplest form of
that is that I deal well with change and
I don't do deal well with stillness I
remember sort of like you being like my
patron saint of like when I was moving
around all the time like and I did not
do it with James so I was like you know
what maybe this will be a good thing
Nicole's done it she survived she's a
really cool person that seems maybe
y'all you know develop something from
the time I was born 14 15 and I remember
and which I didn't want to move like a
left when I was in high school like that
move just stalked I hated it I didn't
want to do it and you know dragging my
feet the entire way but I remember like
feeling like this this sort of weight of
all of these things that were changing
around me that would beyond my control
and if something clicked in my brain
that was just like okay you can't pin
anything down or control anything so
just like it is we're very this
feels good right now let's run with it
and see what happens and like you know
then stuff worked out miraculously
somehow I moved back to LA I was worried
when I did that because I was not I did
not feel ready for the stability thing
but I was afraid that like because of
all of the places that I lived I had
kind of the most romantic attachment to
it because I was child there and when I
purged the things were good and so I
have that kind of mentality around it
and I was genuinely afraid when I went
back so I was like oh this is gonna be
it I'm gonna move to LA and then this is
gonna be the end and I'm gonna stop
being you know person who bounces all
over the place did you ever feel like
like did it ever get to be too much when
I first moved to Missoula I had a little
bit of a sense of like okay
you're we're doing this of good going
into it from the mindset of you are
committing to an actual like long term
normal 9 to 5 which I had not ever done
I don't know that I went into that
feeling like I needed the sense of
stability so much as I came into it
actively trying to like to make sure
that I wasn't resisting stability for
the sake of
stability it's not make sense I I went
to grad school in Paris I did not speak
French acquired only the most
rudimentary affront like I had the
vision of how I was gonna learn French
the call I'll be like living in France
also I was in grad school I were being
on the plane for the I went from st.
Louis to Chicago to Poland to France
that was my flight route it was very
skinny but because like like as the as
they were you know telling us to turn
off all of our devices or whatever on
the flight from Chicago to Warsaw it's
just like oh I'm doing this right
now
and I like sent off a panicked email to
some of my friends and I best I
responded like you're the bravest girl I
know you'll be fine and like in my head
like that's now like a thing like it's
fun like it's gonna be cool I'm I'm the
bravest girl she does but it's all I
don't know in that in that way of yeah
it was important in terms of all of the
things that I had to figure out about
how to like be a person and how to
navigate a place where I really didn't
know what I was doing now that you've
been in one place for a while does that
feel like a loss in any way of like a
part of yourself a little bit yeah my
life is very good you know look it's not
like there is anything that is bad about
my life there's a weird I don't know
push and pull internally between this
feeling of a sense of self that I was
very attached to and like I don't know
is that actually serving me should I
pursue like you know leave go do
something else because that's like the
version of myself but I had grown very
very attached to mostly my answer it
continues to be probably not because
like other words my life is very very
good it's a weird thing to have to
constantly check in with yourself about
whether like these stories that you tell
yourself are still really serving
but moving again is a small way for you
know to like get at that feeling of like
change whatever but you know like I'm
moving across town but I'm not like
burning my life down which like that's
the thing it's like that is the the
instinct is I feel at a moderate amount
of unrest yeah I feel like that maybe
that version of the story probably no
longer serves me Travel is like a very
big one trying to like start new
projects frequently it's like creating
change in sort of my routine place but
like my life can feel meaningfully
different thank you for sharing your
story where can people find you you can
find me on Twitter or all the things at
Sweeney says or at Starcom and yeah in
the comments tell me a story about the
time that you have dealt with the great
utilities well do you deal with change
not so well and and what does it mean to
you if you liked this video you can
subscribe you can and I will see you
next week okay
