hi guys so my high school had public
speaking or acquirement to graduate I
chose to take it my very first semester
just to get out of the way and it showed
I did the thing of where you write your
whole speech down like word-for-word on
note cards and you bring it up and you
just read it but on the day of my final
speech I was like this one's gonna be
different I want to do well dressed up
all nice as you're supposed to do on
speech days and I wore this pair of
white pants that made me feel like super
confident super profession then I got my
period so when this speech was over and
the whole class gave feedback it wasn't
about the note cards so much as why the
hell would you give your final speech
wearing a hoodie tied around your waist
things have since improved I've had to
speak in front of lots of people my
first job out of college actually
involves speaking to groups of strangers
almost every day for about four months
my largest audience ever about 2,000
people at my college graduation so you
do that kind of thing a lot and you get
over it real quick now public speaking
is something that I don't fear in fact I
kind of maybe maybe a little bit enjoy
so here's the secret here's the one big
secret everybody wants you to do well
and like you've been in a class or a
conference or whatever where somebody's
up getting a speech and they're just
choking and you would do anything to get
out of that room right like it's so
uncomfortable you wanna eat your
fingernails for whatever reason people
don't like watching bad speakers huh so
know that whenever you get up there and
you're in front of everybody they want
more than anything for you to crush it
that's so supportive of them right like
this is gonna be easy that tip courtesy
my dad okay so before your speech write
out what you think you want to say
verbatim you got to get your mind
together practice off
but then don't bring it up with you to
the podium but most have a note card
with a few bullet points on it just in
case of emergency but you don't need
that you've got this you know it already
since you've already practiced exactly
what you want to say you'll sound like
you know what you're talking about with
all that like mm-hmm kind of just
tripping over yourself but then when
you're speaking without notes you won't
sound like a robot
okay last tip get a glass of water up
there with you if you can not like
you're suddenly gonna get it just
totally parched giving you ten minute
speech five sometimes you get that thing
when you're nervous where you can't
inhale and then your chest just keeps
tightening up and so you start talking
louder and louder and you're like boy
starts cracking and the only way to
reset it the only way I've found that
ever works is to pause and take a sip of
water that's why everybody has like
bottled waters and some on panels and
stuff that's because it's the only way
to get rid of panic voice so hey you can
do it as long as you don't like lead
through your pants for anything I want
to hear your best public speaking
stories or advice in the comments below
and if you like this video you can
consider subscribing so that we can hang
out with friends you can also find me on
Twitter Tumblr and Instagram and I will
see you next week bye
