hi friends so writing was always one of
my favorite subjects in school shout-out
to my English majors because after all
that diagramming of sentences they made
me do I got really good at stringing
words together in a nice sounding way I
was so proud of how I could use language
with a precision that I sometimes
referred to myself as a grammar nazi now
that was dumb for two reasons firstly
because why would you compare yourself
to a Nazi look I don't understand why we
throw Nazism so casually in the u.s.
like the first reaction for so many
people when they disagree with someone
is to be like you know who else thought
that Hitler what like do you know how
bananas who sound but anyway the other
reason that's dumb to say is because
whose grammar do you mean all of those
things like grammar sticklers tend to
get upset about are just as structured
in rule-governed
as the language that they speak take for
example Beyonce when she says she's not
just saying we are all night wrong she's
trying to make it clear to you that
she's getting it on a regular basis or
here watch Nicki Minaj explain it to
some British people the lecture bv4 boys
or is it these as in buzzy bees that you
know it's the thing I am always you know
that's our slang way of saying you know
we'd like a beads
such as like really it's like I am
always in the trap now the trap ladies
and gentlemen
relates to anywhere that you get your
money she's right about everything
except that what she says isn't just
slang its language in some people's
language black people's language the
verb to be has an extra layer meaning
that you don't get to understand if you
just jump straight to like you don't
talk like me and I don't like it another
one that grammar stick with hate is X I
don't ask me a question that would hurt
plot twist the word ask comes from the
old english axiom what happened was it
got shortened and then in some dialects
of english the sound swished around
through this thing called metathesis
it's like how instead of comfortable
most of us say comfortable in other
dialects it just stayed acts which means
my friend that ax came first and if you
judge the correctness of language by how
original it is which grammar sticklers
love to do then ax is more right Oh
point here is that there's more than one
kind of language and all of them are
constantly changing so if you're trying
to cling to one very narrow and very
static set of rules to try and tell
people how they're supposed to
communicate you're doing it wrong
welcome to its radish time poem with
linguistics rant and a lot of standing
for Nicki Minaj and this video is kind
of different for me so tell me if you
like it and also just tell me if you
hate it and you never want me to talk
about linguistics again also in the
comments I want to know what your
favorite subject in school was and also
what languages you speak because I know
that I have some multilingual lurking
out there and if you enjoyed this video
please consider subscribing you can also
find me on Twitter Tumblr and Instagram
the links below and I will see you next
week bye
