hi guys so I just turned 20 for a couple
days ago which means I have a great
privilege of being alive and beginning
to share my accumulated wisdom with you
in listicle video format not that I
would call it wisdom per se because I
know nothing about anything actually
that's number one
nobody knows about so take
this all with a grain of salt
24 is still really young if you ever
hear people in their 20s complaining
about feeling old they're being
ridiculous if any kind of potential
significant other is uncomfortable with
you being smarter than them girl bye
sometimes it's better if you shut your
mouth and listen you're as good as
anyone else in the room even if somebody
has a lot of money or a fancy title or a
more well-liked or well-known that does
not make them better than you black
lives matter
compassion above all is important but
that does not mean that your grief or
sadness or anger is invalid having fun
isn't hard when you've got a library
card the fewer things you own the easier
life becomes with the caveat that that's
only true if you are privileged as I am
to have the first rule problem of owning
too many things if you think that
reading the comments may be upsetting to
you don't read the comments if someone
tells you that you're doing something
that hurts or offends them hear them out
even if you don't understand why but you
don't think it's valid 99% of the time
it's not that hard to not do that thing
ritual is important you should do
something at least weekly that makes you
feel happy and at peace some people
that's formal ritual like church but for
me it's just taking a really long shower
I've said this before but you all need
to hear it again another woman's beauty
is not the absence of your own cilantro
is the devil's herb when in doubt you
don't need to buy it people do better
than a team your teammate is not
have to be a significant other but you
need a teammate if you're only nice to
someone because you want something from
them I think they can do something for
you they can see right through you I've
been that asshole
don't be that asshole complaining is
boring trying to have the perfect diet
is an exercise and self abuse sometimes
you just need bread sticks and gummy
bears for your soul women's magazines
are a waste of time there are people on
the internet who can give you better
advice and who don't profit on you
hating yourself you don't always have to
be nice if you aspire to be something
say a comedian or a photographer a chef
just try saying that thing when people
ask you what you do no qualifications
just I'm a videographer to see how it
feels and finally get some sleep if you
enjoyed this video you can consider
subscribing if you are so inclined you
can also find me on Twitter Tumblr and
Instagram and I will see you next week
bye
