hi friends so this is it it's the last
day of vlog every day in April and damn
it I did it it's a lot harder this year
because I feel like I told you a lot of
my good stories and interesting things
about me last time around so I learned
to try and be more interesting hope it
worked and they had a ton of fun hanging
out with you guys every day it's trying
to find like a suitable musical outro
for my vita experience by typed in
goodbye into my itunes search bar here's
what came up
just want to point out here that that
used to be my favorite band in the whole
world never forget your emo roots so
thank you for month of support and
awesome conversations allowing you to be
vulnerable now that this is over I am
looking forward to sleep and also not
having to look at my face struggle so
much every day like such as hi friends
that was cute
do do please consider subscribing yeah
uh I just stopped your knee Hey look
come here you before I tell you it's
loose
so there's some awesome things
like sitting in his 98 or a little bit
of all the French - Melanie be
subscribin and flavor pop and lemur
plastic goldfish and like sitting isn't
sitting zeus falafel like here but it's
been real
I think the Vita every year is just kind
of an exercise and like learn how to
make even if your brain doesn't
want to make so I'm gonna try to
keep riding that wave as long as I can
another huge thing I have to do is catch
up on watching everybody else's video so
if you did betta this year please leave
me a comment so I can go catch up on you
I'm gonna go back to posting and
probably about once a week if there's
anything that I didn't talk about
or and Vita that you would like to hear
my thoughts on for any reason also tell
me below and that's about it for me guys
nope out
