hi friend so here's something I haven't
done in a while monthly favorites but
we're in the last gasp so vida so we're
going for it let's start out with music
I have been unhealthily obsessed with
the new spoon album they want my soul it
actually came out in august of last year
but it just perfectly fulfills my
necessary quotient of light groovy and
also shouty it's so good it's just it's
one of those albums that you could have
in the car for like a month and just
listen to it over and over and nothing
else and still not get sick of it
another record I've been loving lately
is mirror traffic from stephen malkmus
and the jicks stephen malkmus is the guy
from payment and this is his other
project that's still pretty groovy but
also kind of goofy too it's just good
mood music moving on to pretty things i
was using this really expensive like a
vader shampoo and this month i went back
to shame moistures yoga and plantain
anti-breakage shampoo it used to be like
the volumizing it's basically the same
thing they just call it something else
now and I don't know why I ever left you
really fine hair but it's dry and it's
curly in this place well with it and it
smells super good and also cheap and
also cruelty-free plus it's always like
buy one get one half off at
drugstore.com speaking of drugstore com
they don't sponsor me but they're
certainly welcome to because I also
ordered this la roche-posay thermal
water it's just fancy French water and a
can it feels really nice it like
moisturizes you or something and I added
it to my cart to get free shipping now I
ordered two cans but they sent me three
so thanks drugstore com actually I
really like this stuff and I'll probably
keep using it because my skin is dry and
it just made
it wetter this month i also started
using the headspace app its oh look at
that it's an app for like guided
meditations and they take ten minutes
and the guys voice is really calming and
I find what I'm using it regularly it
makes my general vibe a little chiller
so if you'd use this and you want to be
buddies they have like a buddies thing
I'm gonna be buddies so uh let me know
and maybe we can encourage each other
I've also very much been enjoying
learning how to skate forward I'm
getting better little by little I've
been out on it probably four or five
times and now I can at least like go in
a straight line I can turn a little bit
you can go down hills also I'm really
digging this flowering tree outside of
my window cuz I've been looking at a lot
it's right outside where my camera is
set up see I spring finally you guys are
my favorite cuz i've been doing me to
here and the community part of that is
always my favorite thing you guys are so
nice it's just so thank you tell me what
your favorite things have been this
month in the comments and I will see you
tomorrow last time I'm gonna say that
okay bye
