I ain't friends so this is Evelyn from
the Internet's and I am in Austin Texas
right now so today I want to talk about
things that I am very not good at so I
talk a lot about on this channel like
yeah you can do it keep trying reach for
your dreams but truth is sometimes you
just suck I want to let you know if that
is okay and there are many things that I
suck at and will never get better at
hahaha so we're just gonna go through
some of those today
well see I still have hope in every good
I still have hope I'm not good at hiding
my usual expressions so I haven't told
him the office when I work if I like
disapprove of something that - I can't
hide my face so it's it's not as good so
I guess I'm honest and I'm real I keep
it real but at the same time it's a very
valuable skill so kind of like internal
lines you know wearing them on your face
obvious something I am terrible at is
being on time for things it's like I
just keeps getting worse like I know
that it's like disrespectful like it's
not a great thing but as long as there's
no consequences I'm just never gonna be
what like like if somebody just yelled
at me just like once to be like you
can't
be late playing I would stop but like
everybody's okay with it enough good to
get fun doing it
I suck at reading email sometimes I will
never that I will never read or respond
to an email in a timely fashion I just
can't do it I think I'd like a mail
really didn't baby it's just as I see an
email and it's like I'm also terribly
texting back and like the thing that I
want people to know is like it's because
I'm trying to like give you a good
response if I want to be like thoughtful
and I'm like I see something I'm like oh
like that deserves some like some care
and some attention and looks like I'm
gonna think on that for a while and then
it becomes like a week later
oh I recently put push notifications for
Gmail and it's like the best and the
worst thing so I'll let you know how it
goes but don't you know me
I've seen people say I'll use your
friends phone and like 4,000 emails and
just like that so it work I'm like a
young person right so people everywhere
what I want to exit the building
entrance no so it worked like people
like okay you're young right like you
know about the internet which for the
most part is true but sometimes before
like would you make you can you do this
to our website I'm like like I most
certainly cannot you're millennial can
decode
your to inform able to code right like
no I am back at first dates if I could
just skip the first day you could be
ideal because sometimes it feels like an
interview now she is part of hashtag
married life so understood here what you
think but her states suck so I am not
better than first date since I was 15
but I am also like terrible at like
making friends I kind of do this thing
my like if I'm in a room full of people
and I don't know more than like two of
them I like shut down like I stop
talking and like I just listen I'm kind
of are those people like I need to like
go away and think about it and in this
bond I can't just be like I do a lot of
silently sitting anyway really
interested in conversation but not way
more value on talking than they do on
listening so like I was listening the
whole time so I'm a ballad person and
this conversations like I tend to be
like really good friends with people who
like love to talk really outgoing and
love to talk about themselves because I
love to listen to it I'm like you do all
the work that's great I will sit here
and validate athletics physical activity
running on my Twitter my little bio is
Canyon with the slowest of all time like
I really tell me in the comments what
you are terrible at if you want to find
Evelyn all of her links are below and
you can also go to her Channel and see
us talking about more things that we're
better so go click on that now yeah
looking at stuff I
