hi guys so I'm a camera set up right
there but I'm too tired to even even sit
up to do a blog so this is what you get
I've been so good the speed of so can I
just walk from the couch you guys
alright so it's friday and what i'm up
to right now cuz i'm trying to shop for
coral dresses for my friends wedding
this summer i've been instructed to wear
a Korell outfit which is difficult for
me because it is a color and mostly i
only wear black like this this oatmeal
II colored sweater right here is like an
anomaly it's only okay because these is
black elbow patches thingies so coral a
little outside my comfort zone and
here's the annoying thing about me when
I shop I have like the Platonic ideal of
whatever i'm trying to buy in my head
and I will not rest until I find that
say I'm trying to buy a black t-shirt I
already have in my head like how the
sleeves are going to be whether there's
going to be a pocket the length how
tight it is with the necklines like and
any t-shirt that is not exactly that I
will never be happy with it's super
annoying usually when I make up my mind
that I want or I need something it's
gonna take me anywhere from two weeks to
like two months to find it it just takes
me so much time granted that means I
don't buy a lot and it also means that i
really like the things that i do end up
getting but you ask anybody who's ever
been shopping with me i'm a nightmare to
shop with i only shop online now so i
don't have to like drag anybody else's
time or being into the
I remember one time my dad taking me
like back-to-school shopping and me just
being so picky and I'm like eight or ten
and he just got so like annoyed with
dragging me all around the coals and not
like finding a single thing that he's
like you don't pick something now I'm
just gonna fight five red t-shirts and
five pairs of jeans and that's all you
get and that's probably like whoa at the
time but you know I understand it now I
was probably infuriating so I want to
know in the comments do you have
anything that you are like crazy
perfectionist about or do you have any
other really annoying brain quirks that
drive other people nuts but you just
that's you all right I'm gonna continue
with my lazy friday i will see tomorrow
I
