hi friends so today I want to talk about
art I took a class in college called
philosophy of art and for much of the
semester we were trying to answer the
question what is art what counts as art
and what we realized is that a lot of it
is pretty arbitrary right art is
something that is in a museum or sells
for millions of dollars but why we kind
of define art as just this exclusive
high culture thing that a lot of people
don't have access to that I'm not cool
with and I think that's why I've always
kind of gravitated towards street art it
takes this big exclusive scary thing and
says no that's not valid street art says
screw you art world we will make things
and will make things for the rest of us
we will put it out here for everybody to
see if your art school if your museum
admission fee and maybe not consciously
but if you think about it it's creating
just to create right because you're not
going to make millions of dollars and
you're not going to be written down in
history because you may get painted over
in two days it's a way for people who
want to be represented in art who aren't
represented in the art world which
brings me to another one of my favorite
artists Kehinde Wiley he paints these
huge just larger than light and super
vibrant and colorful paintings of black
people but not just black people black
kings and queens and heroes and gods so
here's this process right he takes a
pose or a theme or an idea from really
famous classical historical important
paintings and then he just finds people
in his neighborhood or off the street or
musicians or rappers and paints them in
a way that goes back to those famous
paintings he paints people who look like
me people who look like him into art
history where we haven't existed before
representation it's so freaking great
there's another artist who did something
similar vik muniz you went to brazil
where there are some of the largest
landfills and the world
and some people make their living
picking through the trash and selling
recyclables for money he met and spent
time with these people then he used them
as the subjects in these giant
recreations of classical paintings using
the garbage from the landfill I just
have so much respect for artists who say
art is not just what rich white European
people make every race every class every
culture makes art stop ignoring them
look at these people who matter so go
look at them I will leave links to the
artists I've mentioned below and tell me
in comments who your favorite artists
are if you have them if you like this
video please consider subscribing so
that we can hang out be friends if i'm a
twitter tumblr Instagram below I'll see
you tomorrow bye
