hi friends so we're doing some spring
cleaning today hi Luke you're supposed
to say but anyway I wanted to show you
what it's like living in a relatively
small apartment my apartment is about
400 square feet if you live in a dorm or
anything that doesn't seem too small but
most people would consider this on the
smaller side for two people but to make
it work so in here is my kitchen where
never do my dishes there's me about it
is how narrow it is like I'm touching
both walls right now but otherwise I
mean there's a lot of cabinets and stuff
it's fine
tiny a little bit of counter space
that's kind of all you have to cook on
but oh wow here's where we eat the foods
I really try because we've been like
taking out papers and stuff and getting
rid of them we have stuff on here now
but I try to keep it clear because the
thing that you notice when you live in a
really small space is when it's
cluttered like even a couple of things
can make it feel like really messy so I
try to keep like flat surfaces as clear
as possible
well there's Luke's computer but usually
there's nothing on there the record
collection is like at its peak right now
we have no more room in fact we kind of
have started stacking records up here
because we don't have space for them
down there that's the one thing that we
maybe should try to find a better
storage thing for it here's all Luke's
instruments it was actually my guitar I
don't really play it too much anymore
and here's the living room we have a
couch who's the only really seating we
used to have a chair here but we traded
it for a piano this is why I filmed my
blogs you have to get kind of creative
with storage so see down here this is a
good 8-track recorder of Luke's that's
our wedding album got some more stuff
down here that's our printer underneath
the TV and all my camera gear over here
when we moved in here there were no
bookshelves so we drilled these ones to
the wall which really helps because
there's still floor space down here
but we have these like floor pillows
that you can sit on and amp blankets so
having a bookshelf that doesn't touch
the ground is really helpful when you
have a small place this is my bedroom
again you try to use every tiny little
bit of space that you can our lamp holds
like scissors and pens headphones and
stuff this closet here it's really the
only storage we have for our entire
apartment so we had to get rid of a lot
of clothes which I actually like better
this is Luke stuff this is my stuff
we usually have more but it's being
watched right now and then we keep
folded stuff right here oh we also have
this here trunk that we keep stuff in
has like extra towels and quilt and like
winter coats in there one thing I always
have a hard time with because I write
for a beauty website and I get a lot of
stuff sample is storing all of my like
hair stuff and makeup and skin stuff so
I keep a lot of extras up on that shelf
and the stuff that I use everyday lives
in here I love that yellow lighting
alright this is my bathroom cabinet
which is actually rather large where I
keep like face washes and makeup over
here all that good stuff and then the
bane of my existence is this spot right
here we don't have anywhere to keep our
shoes so there's like a couple of little
shelves basketball stuff
running shoes
Luke's baseball hats coats grocery bags
stuff to go to Goodwill so that's all
kind of crammed in there but it's really
nice to live in a small space with not a
lot of storage because really makes you
think about everything that you buy
you're like oh I got this thing where am
I gonna put it
and sometimes it displays you from
getting it at all what about getting
more space before but your stuff kind of
naturally expands to space you have to
fit it in so we live in a little house
and we like it try not to own too many
things all right if you are doing mita
I'd love to see how you manage your
space I guess not tell me if you have
any tricks for storing things in here I
have a lot of storage because I could
probably use them all right I will see
you tomorrow bye
