hi friends so I have never really been
on a road trip because a good American
road trip it's just something that you
do when you grow up in the US but i
think the farthest i've driven is like
two states over to South Dakota which is
a Midwestern family vacation if I've
ever heard one but I want to go like
west right like my dream road trip I
would go from Wisconsin and drive
through a lot of like nothing really
until I got to Nevada sh and want to go
hiking through Yosemite National Park
head over to California check out some
redwood forests and maybe drive through
Big Sur and you know go through some
desert check out the Grand Canyon on the
way back and go home I guess I'm not the
best with directions so I don't even
know if that whole layout is even real
but I take Luke with me because he'd
know what's up if you want to mount red
you ask a transportation engineer second
most important part of a road trip of
course is the playlist mine would be a
lot of spoon dr. dog and tell him to get
down stay down for like maximum shouting
long and carseat dancing but definitely
interspersed with some just real guilty
pleasure pop music your instincts your
Taylor Swift's your soundtrack to the
movie crossroads starring Britney Spears
someday I'm going to sing I'm not a girl
not yet a woman whilst overlooking the
grand canyon some day and what would a
road should be without snacks just bags
of pull and peel twizzlers and flavor
blasted goldfish all the way across the
u.s. tell me in comments what your ideal
road trip would be where would you go
who would you bring with you what would
you put on your playlist what do you
like to do to pass time on a long car
ride if you like this video please
consider subscribing so we can hang out
and be friends my Twitter Tumblr and
Instagram but down below I don't see you
tomorrow bye
you
