hi friends so I took you out here
because I wanted you to see this
beautiful Lake only a couple weeks ago I
was standing out here on top of it
recording a vlog when it was frozen and
covered with snow obviously I can't go
out there now because I'm not Jesus but
I wanted you to see it because you know
it's like you never think that winter is
gonna end until it does and it kind of
sneaks up on you like it gets a little
better and then it gets worse again and
it gets better again and then all of a
sudden it's like 60 degrees and you have
a beautiful outdoor scene here comes a
metaphor so sometimes it feels like your
life is it feels like it's gonna be
that way forever but almost everything
in life is temporary this is a reminder
that whatever hardship or struggle
you're going through this is not
permanent you may not feel it happening
but suddenly you'll look back and you'll
notice that you survive this and if you
don't survive it well life is temporary
- oh that got depressing
I meant for this to be positive so I
guess I just want you and kind of mostly
me to remember that whatever is sucky in
your life right now it's not permanent
it's temporary it'll get better you'll
be on the other side
I was for you is that whatever it is
that you're you're waiting for you're
hoping for come soon all right I'll
catch you tomorrow bye
