hi guys so part of being a good and
interesting human is trying new things
but I also think there's something
really powerful about trying something
and being like nope it's not my thing
and just not worrying about it anymore
it means you know yourself and you
respect yourself and you can be
comfortable not doing things just
because other people do them or because
other people expect you to do them
what's really cool is when you can
completely eliminate entire categories
from your life all together for example
I don't wear nail polish I don't own it
I don't buy it I don't use it it's just
not something I get pleasure out of the
upkeep is a pain and that's just not how
I want to be spending my money so I
don't and if anyone takes issue with my
toenails being just the color that they
grow out of my feet and honestly I don't
know what to tell you another thing I
don't bother with is baking it requires
a lot of ingredients a lot of time and
often a lot of equipment or appliances
that I just don't really all too much
care enough to get involved with I'm now
a chance that I do desire a baked good i
can get at a bakery and it's going to be
far better than anything I could have
made myself also the only thing I really
ever seem to want is pie and even then
if it's not my grandma's pie like who
even cares I am NOT gonna bake so tell
me in comas is there anything that you
just don't do and if you don't have
something go find something to get rid
of fly and be free if you like this
video please consider subscribing so we
can hang out and be friends my twitter
tumblr Instagram or below I will see you
tomorrow bye
you
