- so it has been kind of a long time
dream of mine to learn how to skateboard
if not even to do cool tricks or
anything just to be able to use a
skateboard as a method of transportation
because I think it would be fun and more
importantly it would look cool but I
have like just stood on a couple people
skateboards over the years and been like
oh no no no no no I definitely see
myself just breaking my leg my entire
situation on one of those things but I
feel like I am on the precipice of being
like too old to skateboard some might
argue I already am so I decided it's
kind of Now or Never
and found this guy a good will for 16
bucks and I thought I'd give it a shot
so I watched some like how to skateboard
for beginners videos on YouTube no I
when I used to teach dance I once saw
one of my students on an ice skating
rink doing like all these cool turns and
like spins and stuff and it's like hey
how did you learn how to do that I
watched some YouTube videos
I mean if YouTube could make her
freaking Kristi Yamaguchi over here then
at least I should be able to learn how
to roll in a straight line here's the
thing today was my first time like
honestly honestly being on a skateboard
so I look pretty ridiculous but in the
first hour it went from like completely
terrifying to like just hilarious and
then finally kind of fun
I mean my ultimate goal here is just to
be able to like go down the sidewalk and
turn and I think if I keep practicing in
a couple of weeks I might get there I'm
definitely gonna have to get over my
fear of looking stupid
and also my fear of just eating it but
it's kind of like the first time you
learn how to ride a bike where it starts
out scary but then all of a sudden its
second nature or at least I hope that's
how it works and if not well wasted 16
bucks but at least I don't have to spend
the rest of my life going man and wonder
what it would be like if I learned how
to ride a skateboard and best-case
scenario I have a new way to get to the
grocery store looking dope so in the
comments tell me about something that
you've been dying to learn how to do but
you haven't yet and if you're feeling
ambitious go try it I mean the gauntlet
has been thrown if you like this video
please consider subscribing so we can
hang out with new friends you can find
me on Twitter Tumblr Instagram the links
below and I'll see you tomorrow bye
