I think ever since Peace Corps it was
like if you like really like something
you have to figure out how to make it
yourself because like nobody can do it
for you and I just like knowing what it
is that you're putting into your body
like what are you eating what goes into
making what you really like it's just
that it's so like finicky with yeah so
like how you stir how hard you stir and
you heated up to 90 degrees it's always
amazing to me how like 90 degrees sounds
hot but it's just like lukewarm one time
I was making this in the thermometer i
was using was not working and i was
trying to figure out what 90 degrees was
by taking my temperature I'm like seeing
if I could feel like under my tongue if
that was as warm as the mouth that was
one that I failed do you really only
probably learn by failure what you're
doing is you're adding an asset to milk
which is you know essentially curdles it
but you want to have more control over
it so like whisking it in when you're
pouring the milk is really important
otherwise it'll curdle right then and
then stirring while you're doing this is
just mixing it thoroughly so that it
slowly curdles it it's kind of cool
because it really makes me think about
who the first person that discovered
do this like how did they do it it's
like mind-blowing because it's just like
you have to like heat it to a
temperature and like do all of these
steps and who like just by happenstance
that figured this out I don't know Susie
and that's how I think I get into like
all of the stuff that I end up trying to
make is just like pure curiosity but
it's also like fun to learn how to do
new things I could knew that you could
make your own geez
