hi guys so this video is gonna be a
little tough for me to make but I'm
gonna make it anyway because I think
it's important and we're friends and
friends tell each other important things
about their lives
um I struggle with something called
dermatillomania it's also known as
compulsive skin picking and what it is
it's like you know how everybody will
occasionally like pop a pimple or like
scratch off a flake of dead skin what I
do is that but times a thousand I kind
of overflow or invent flaws that aren't
even necessarily there and I spend a lot
of time fixating on them and looking at
myself and judging myself really harshly
and then I I pick at this skin that's
just trying to help me and things get
Leedy and awful and when I do it I kind
of go into like a trance like it's it's
a very powerful self soothing technique
because you're in the moment and it
feels like you're fixing things so it
can be kind of like an anxiety reliever
at the worst for me like it it would
last maybe upwards of an hour and then
you realize what you've done and you
feel anxious about that and so the cycle
just kind of restarts itself I've been
trying to actively not do this for
almost four years now and there's been
ups and downs but it's not something
that you can just stop it's a brain
thing so takes a lot of work and a lot
of time therapy sometimes but it's an
ongoing fight sometimes are better than
others sometimes my face looks like a
total mess because I have deliberately
destroyed it other
I love completely normal other than like
the skies that I have left over and I
try to not cover it up with makeup or
anything and just be Who I am but that's
scary sometimes especially because I put
my face so much on the internet why am i
signing this because maybe some of you
might be dealing with the same thing or
you know someone who's dealing at the
same thing and this might help you
understand them a little better some of
it is because I worry that people are
judging me and I'm kind of putting this
up as a defense so when I inevitably get
those comments that are like oh your
face looks like I can be like yeah
yeah I know it's a dermatillomania fault
not mine oh and I asked that if you are
watching this and you like know me in
real life can we just not mention this
because I'm gonna feel really weird
about it um so I guess in the comments
if you want to tell me if there's
anything that you feel like you struggle
with and you're really self-conscious
about I know that's a super heavy
question but like here we are I feel
like we have we have kind of a safe
space here I'd love to all of you and I
will see you tomorrow bye
