hi friends so there's the thing that I
really like in music when someone steals
a lyric and also sometimes the melody
from another song like it's not a cover
it's an entirely different song they'll
just drop that line in there and you're
like what's that and it was it was that
I googled it it's called interpolation
but I'd rather just call it a song mean
they're really great because if you know
what it's from it's like this little
inside joke between you and the writer
like I know I didn't invent those beat
or this feeling or even this chord
progression we're all just building on
the ideas of the people who came before
us so here's what was on my mind when I
was making it here is that song in my
song
you're always on
case you were wondering the same thing
exists in prose and poetry kinda instead
of interpolation it's called
intertextual references word means so my
sophomore year in high school my English
teacher who definitely thinks of himself
as a Robin Williams and Dead Poets
Society type character assigns us to
read TS Eliot's the wasteland in case
you've never read it it's an epic poem
five chapters long that drops constant
references to things like the bible and
shakespeare 19th century French poetry
Greek mythology and a bunch of
neighborhoods in London that you're
supposed to know the particular
significance of this club has everything
male authors white authors footnotes
with their own footnotes so my teacher
comes to me and he's like you're gonna
love TS Eliot because he has bars about
war and cats and nobody understands him
just like nobody understands you and I'm
like a man so he assigns me to do a
presentation on the 3rd chapter of the
wasteland it's called the fire sermon
that's also a reference in fact there
are so many references to unpack that my
whole presentation is just getting like
a Norton annotated version of the poem
going through line by line figuring out
what each line is a reference to for you
know that's trying to be a symbol for
and then showing up to class like the
fire sermon
it's about Buddhist principles of
non-attachment look it up basically the
whole of the wasteland is just a giant
copypasta about world war 1 and what it
did to Eliot's generation it's just like
meme after meme of how everybody feels
so depressed and aimless and destroyed
just just like our memes and at the end
of it I was just like galaxy brain Wow
World War one really left a generation
powerless and lost this is a scathing
critique of the morally bankrupt culture
it created that's deep but I also felt
like I was better than everyone else
because I
and they didn't because they didn't
spend two and a half weeks looking
everything up and that's where
intertextual references aka word memes
can go wrong
when you're writing using references to
work that your audience may or may not
be familiar with you can do it in a way
that makes your thing much more
meaningful because you get to take all
of the meaning from the thing that
you're referencing with you or you can
use it to prove how much obscure niche
knowledge you have that they don't and
be like is this depth and you have to
walk that line really carefully because
you can create this little inside joke
world with people and you can make other
people feel like they're on the outside
like I use references all the time in my
videos because I understand that they're
not for everyone or think of Beyonce
think of lemonade think of her Coachella
performance that was just layered with
references to things that sailed right
over the heads of most Coachella
attendees that's deliberate but when you
write in a way that could exclude people
be careful of who that might be in the
comments tell me your favorite song that
references another song or your favorite
book that references another book or any
combination of those things if you liked
this video you can subscribe you can
find me anyone the Internet at its
radish time if you want to support me
with your coin you can do that on
patreon and I will see you soon bye
you
