hi friends it is V today - and today's
vlog is kind of my overdue library book
so back in March my friend Catherine and
you should go watch right here put out a
general call for people to talk about
their self boarding not me specifically
but anyone who watches your channel and
I didn't do it so Catherine I didn't
forget this one's for you
so here's the TLDR version I like myself
not everyday I mean I'm still human but
that's the overarching theme it has
definitely not always been now I though
I spent a lot of my life feeling like
I'm not worthy either because I didn't
look a certain way or I didn't have a
certain skill or talent and 8ly because
I wasn't white because I wasn't as
socially graceful I've looked at goals
that I wanted to accomplish or people
that I wanted to be friends with and by
there's no way I could ever possibly be
good enough and I still feel that way
some days but mostly I'm able to just
stomp that feeling down and make it
suffer for ever having dared to make me
feel less than part of why I feel worthy
now it's just from getting older and
becoming generally more confident myself
and part of it is just that I work
really hard and putting in that time
makes me feel like I can be worthy of
success relationships are trickier I
don't have a lot of friends but I've
started to feel less like that's because
I'm not worthy of having friendships and
more just like we're not each other's
people and that's okay but for days I
really feel in the gutter
there's a motto that I've stolen from
Mindy Kaling and I feel like I curse too
much on this channel already but
whatever why the not me a lot of
our outcomes in life are based on
privilege but almost none of them rests
solely on your appearance or your
personality or any talent or skill you
were innately born with sometimes it's
hard work but other times it's just look
at the job so why not you tell me how
you feel about your own self-worth in
the comments or if you are doing Vita
make a video about it Thank You
Catherine for sparking this conversation
and the rest of y'all I'll see you
tomorrow bye
