hi guys so this week the cute one left
one direction and some people are real
upset about it but you know what I even
mad at you because let me tell you the
thing back in like 2001 I had a notebook
and in that notebook I wrote out
detailed synopses of every single
episode of Lizzie McGuire I'd get on
Disney Channel calm with my dial-up
modem and wait like 45 minutes for some
pictures of Hilary Duff's face to load
so that I could print them out and tape
them inside notebook one particular
Friday afternoon I was just chilling at
my after-school program waiting for my
dad to pick me up he's supposed to hit
me up like say around four thirty four
thirty two hits and I start to get
really nervous for forty I'm like pacing
around just willing with my entire soul
that any second my dad will turn the
corner and pull up to my after school
but the timing picks me up at like five
o'clock I am doubled over in tears
because I'm missing the latest episode
of lizzie mcguire like dude we've all
been obsessed with something and
probably something far more trivial than
a boy band but he or she who is without
fandom cast the first stone okay and
like if you didn't have something that
you were passionately obsessed with in
school I want to give you a hug because
you missed out buddy when I was in high
school it was the emo band Fall Out Boy
I wrote there lyrics around the edges of
every single page in my day planner and
when I got home from school and went on
their message board and I was probably
so annoying but it was also exactly what
I needed at the time and even though
we've all grown up I still have friends
from that message board like close ones
like one of them was a bridesmaid in my
wedding it is a new and blessed Ariel
now I'm too old and too embarrassed to
tell you about the things that I get
obsessed with now but trust me they're
still there maybe tone down a few
notches but definitely still there but
if you can just be straight up openly
and delightfully obsessed with something
and just to enjoy it without getting
ashamed of it you go my friend because
that's probably the better way to live
so now you got to tell me in comments
what is something that you have either
been obsessed with when you were younger
or that you just love now and that you
refuse to be ashamed about if you like
this video please consider subscribing
so what we can hang out and be friends
my Twitter Tumblr and Instagram are in
the links below and I will see you there
i say it i will see you on wednesday
because i think i'm gonna do meet again
alright bye
