hi guys so I'm rereading Amy Poehler's
yes please and it's kind of becoming a
religious text maybe to me but the
second read around a couple of words
stuck out to me out of Amy's infinite
wisdom are you ready cuz cuz here comes
good for you not for me GameChanger so
when Amy is is that she's talking about
big weighty contentious things like
motherhood breastfeeding good for you
not for me stay-at-home moms good for
you not for me leaning in good for you
not for me you can almost hear the
popcorn being popped right but that face
comes into just like wash over and
neutralize everything good for you not
for me people can get really intense
about their life choices I'm definitely
guilty of this and I'm sorry to everyone
had to be around me when I first
discovered environmentalism when I was
19 but at the root of all of this is
that we're fragile all we
want us to be loved and accepted and to
feel like we're making the right choices
in this one life we've got so when
things feel really important like you've
got a lot riding on them maybe there's a
little piece of us that's like mmm I
don't know I'm doing the right things so
I'm gonna get out my megaphone and yell
until it feels like I'm doing the right
thing we're all just try on your best
and when someone gets their megaphone in
your face and you don't like the way
that feels good for you not for me it
applies to a lot of things well let me
show you going to parties good for you
not for me paleo diets good for you not
so much for me the NCAA basketball
tournament good for you not for me and
it works nervous Taylor being a
vegetarian good for you not for me
getting married yeah good for you not my
thing minimalism good for you not really
for me bro that's probably better to say
it
in your head more often than you say it
out loud because it can still kind of
come up negative if you're not careful
the Internet has a song for just that
occasion it's okay to not like things
it's okay but don't be a dick about it
it's okay to not like things don't be
you think about things you don't like so
tell me in the comments about a time
where instead of like drawing your
weapons you should have just said good
for you not for me if you like this
video please consider subscribing so
that we can hang out and be friends
twitter tumblr Instagram blah blah blah
looks below I'll see you next week bye
