hi guys it's Taylor sorry for the sick
voice so I want to know if you can
remember the last secret you told
someone got one of mine cuz I sure don't
and my mind I have telling secrets
placed firmly in the camp both things
you only do as a kid along with wetting
the bed and going to the bathroom to
brush your teeth but just actually
running your toothbrush underneath the
faucet because you hate brushing your
teeth that bad in fact the concept of
having a secret to tell was so exciting
as a kid that sometimes I would just
make them up to like have something to
bond with somebody over hey I have a
secret I'm a witch and I have magical
powers which eventually graduated to
more realistic but like equally asinine
secrets such as don't tell anyone but I
have a crush on greg pikitis until they
evolved into like I heard Jani hooked up
with greg pikitis in the back of her
dad's van and then it all stopped no I
thought that's because most of us tend
to become more shamelessly and
fearlessly comfortable with who we are
as we get older we just don't have that
many secrets to tell but then I
remembered Google I mean you know how it
is right Oh to get rid of ass-rash am i
pregnant how to tell my parents I'm gay
Siri why won't he text back instead of
our closest friends we tell versions of
our deepest darkest most loaded secrets
to an all-seeing all-knowing algorithm
in the sky that low-key though like
knows everything about you and read your
e-mails and knows where you live at
school though
but telling secrets is just like telling
stories in that it's always part of what
it is to be a human but just the way
that we do it changes that's this thing
here's a secret so when I went to VidCon
last summer I told people at work that I
was going to a conference about video
production which is kind of true but
they don't understand this they don't
they don't understand I love alright in
the comments below tell me your deepest
darkest secrets but actually if you can
remember them let's talk about those
weird and juicy secrets we used to tell
his kids yeah if you like this video
please consider subscribing so we can
hang out meet friends you can also find
me elsewhere in the links below and I'll
see you next week bye
