hey guys so I am coming to you from my
hotel room in austin texas which is
obvious Dorian right now but before i do
my blog i want to take a second because
on friday night my home town of madison
wisconsin actually just a couple blocks
from where i work an unarmed black teen
his name was anthony robinson he was 19
was shot five times in the chest and
killed by police so i want to take a
moment of sense now just to remember his
life
okay so I've seen a lot of people on
YouTube lately making these dear me
videos which are advice to give
yourselves for international women's day
and that is today so I thought I'll bite
I'll jump on the bandwagon and give some
advice to my of yourself for the pier me
project I could echo a lot of advice
that I've heard in a lot of these videos
along the lines of look don't be
comparing yourself to others it's okay
to be yourself but always kind of hated
that advice because what does be
yourself me how am I not myself so
instead I'm just going to get me younger
Taylor some tough love starting with
this that literally nobody in the world
goes home and stays up at night thinking
about the stupid thing you said or what
you look like that day you're just not
that important second be nicer to your
mom and it doesn't make you cool to not
be friends with other girls girls are
great if funny and they're smart and
they're caring and nice and you should
try to these friends with as many of
them as possible your body is perfect
your hair looks fine always try to watch
and learn from the smartest person in
the room and if you're the smartest
person in the room find a new room be
braver you're going to regret taking the
safe route sometimes don't let people
interrupt you when you're speaking eat
the damn fries read more books written
by people who are white dudes it's just
nice to
different perspectives on life don't be
ashamed of being brown because you may
feel ugly and audit please now but one
day there's going to be this blackout
tag on tumblr and it will make you feel
simultaneously more beautiful and more
loved than you've ever thought possible
sometimes people drift out of your life
and it's super okay and it's often for
the better Thank everything that is holy
for the internet because it's the reason
that you get to have friends give people
the benefit of the doubt and finally
trust yourself you're a smart girl and
you're going to do fine if you like this
video please consider subscribing so we
can hang out be friends and tell me in
the comments what advice you would give
to your younger self or just tell me a
story about any woman who has made a
difference in your life for
international women's day you can find
me on twitter tumblr Instagram and links
below and I will see you next week bye
