hi friends so this week has been a weird
one I mean work was tough but then Parks
and Rec ended and now it's gone and I
hate everything but this fog it's going
to be a little different than usual
later this week I am headed to Austin
Texas for a little vacation so I thought
I would show you how I travel which is
very light back when I was in high
school I was lucky enough to get to
travel to Eastern Europe on a school
trip and the two faculty chaperones were
kind of in like a little competition to
see who could travel lighter and for the
entire 10 day trip they traveled with
both these like really small backpacks
and that's all they brought and ever
since I saw them do that I have never
ever ever checked a bag and I just try
to travel with as little as possible
also I consider myself pretty minimalist
now and I just don't own very many
clothes so it makes it kind of easy let
me show you what a brand a so first you
want to get some things to wear in the
top half of your body and then some
things to wear on the bottom half of
your body that are varied for different
types of weather that you might
experience get your foot wear a jacket
in case the weather gets chilly or you
just need to look really cool and of
course
funattic Goods Donna mEagle I miss you
so much you're my favorite character on
all of television I don't really do
accessories much my idea of an accessory
is like a brightly colored lipsticks so
I'm going to bring those also a swimsuit
it's probably going to be too cold for
that but I'm being optimist
Hey look like a stereotypical minimalist
everything I wear is gray and black but
you don't have to do that I just do it
because in the wise words of gunnarolla
I never want to talk or think about
colors ever again also just everything
goes together it makes her lazy then
look outfits
outfits outfits montage of outfits I'm
only gonna be there for five days but
look how many outfits I can do clothing
also guys you can do this probably even
easier than I can because you have fewer
bottom half options it's just it's all
pants all the way down or a skirt you
know I'm not here to reinforce
unnecessary gender norms all that goes
in this backpack then I get some books
in there my phone at laptop and my
camera which I can't show you because
I'm using it right now there we go I
like traveling this way because it's
super easy you never have to pay for
checked bag you don't even have to wait
like get your bag out of the overhead
bin at the end of the flight your hotel
room doesn't get messy you look cute
it's a win win win win win oh and when I
travel I never like go shopping for
souvenirs or things like that if you
want to get somebody something send them
a postcard it saves you money and also
you don't have to waste time shopping
for things when you could just be out
doing cooler stuff that you actually
remember instead of buying something to
remember it by if you like this video
please consider subscribing so that we
can hang out and be friends tell me in
the comments below do you like to travel
light
are you an over-packer getting even cope
with the loss of wonderful citizens of
Pawnee Indiana I for one am distraught
combined me on Twitter Tumblr and
Instagram the links below and I'll see
you next week bye Lou Sebastian
you
