hi guys so I'm coming to you today from
the middle of a lake this is just what
we do in Wisconsin in the winter when
the weather gets all frizzy we just go
for like low-key strolls across the top
of frozen water and this isn't like a
little skating pond either this is a 15
square mile lake I'm standing on top of
so why walk across sheet of breakable
water when there's some perfectly safe
and non potentially life-threatening
land that it'll do first I don't know if
you've noticed but looks like the
horizon just goes on forever out here
I've never been to the desert but I
imagine that this is kind of what
walking through the desert feels like
where your concept of distance gets a
little warped it feels like you can see
forever and walk forever and the sky is
just huge and beautiful but it doesn't
feel like that from onshore it's only
out here when you're in the middle of
things reason number two it's slidy I
think that one explains itself reason
number three is interesting ice things
there's a lot of things that nature does
just on the regular as if it's no big
deal that we don't usually see or notice
because we're usually not standing out
in the middle of the lake but there's
spots where you can see where the water
kind of was laughing over sheets of
partially frozen ice so it freezes and
wave patterns there's spots where the
top layer is all like spiky and angular
and it looks kind of scarred but when
you step on it it shatters like glass
and your feet but there's still like a
solid foot of ice beneath it there's big
bubbles and little bubbles and their
spots where it's totally like white and
opaque and their spots that look so
clear it kind of freaks you out to walk
on it because it feels like you're
walking on nothing there's also spots
where you can see little green pieces of
seaweed frozen into the ice today the
entire thing is covered up with a layer
of snow but all of these are enormously
better than the grey / and the balled up
plastic bags and occasionally the frozen
vomit that I usually find on the
sidewalk
and finally reason number for that I
like going for walks on top of the lake
is because it probably should scare me
but it doesn't I used to be an extremely
timid person in the past couple years i
think i've become a lot more brave it's
one of my favorite things about myself
and so I think it's important to remind
myself how brave I am sometimes and now
my battery died so you're going to have
to deal with my phone I think it's
important to remind myself how brave I
actually am even if it's silly so tell
me in the comments about what kind of
Matri adventures you've been on recently
or something that you've done that has
given you a different perspective on the
world than you're used to if you liked
this video please consider subscribing
so that we can hang out and be friends
can also find me on Twitter Tumblr and
Instagram in the links below and I'll
see you next week bye e
