hi guys happy vlogmas day 14 the project
for awesome distended and at the time
that i'm recording this we have raised
1million 150,000 161 dollars wow you can
still give if you want through december
16th and i'll put a link below there's
lots of great perks that you can still
get i got video of Hank and John Green
having a dance off to Taylor Swift shake
it off Hank like fish bookmarks and
nerdfighter art and some art created by
Sarah green so go get some more great
perks but then think about that for a
second well over a million dollars
raised mostly by young people and
definitely all by people who spend a lot
of time on the internet now based on all
of those things p TSA's i've read and
should probably stop reading some people
in other generations don't expect a
whole lot of us they think we're
wrapping and entitled and selfish in oh
yeah what was that so hey don't let
anyone tell you what you are or are not
capable of now I can't wait to see all
of those fantastic and extremely worthy
causes that the money will be going to
but in the meantime let's keep those
warm fuzzies rollin if you're watching
this I hope you will answer one or both
of the following questions in the
comments below 1 what was your favorite
project for awesome video this year I
have a lot of Watchmen to catch up on
and a lot of charities to learn about so
I fully welcome your suggestions and to
what is one thing that you are doing to
make somebody else's life better before
the end of this year could be donating
money could be volunteering could be
spending some of your Christmas vacation
helping relative with some chores it
could be taking some time to write
somebody who's made a difference in your
life a letter to say thank you big or
small I want to hear about it and then
steal some of your ideas it is the most
wonderful time of the year friends and
all of this is why I will be back to my
regularly scheduled holiday-themed
programming tomorrow but I am just so
incredibly impressed by
this community has come together to do
yet again that i just had to talk about
it for a third day in a row I can't wait
to read your comments and I will see you
tomorrow bye
