hello friend it is vlogmas day 13 today
is going to be a really really quick one
because the project for awesome is
happening so instead of watching me you
should be watching the live stream I am
filming this on my way to the bank
because I have to get there before it
closes otherwise I would still be
sitting at the live stream in my pajamas
how did for awesome is one of my
favorite times of year because I don't
think there's any other time where I
feel such a strong sense of community
and being part of something really good
I mean I work for a non-profit and we're
always talking about how young people
don't give or can't give and I'm like
have you been to the Internet I mean we
really come together and do something
huge so if you are participating this
year be proud of yourself if you're not
there's still time go donate and watch
the project for awesome live stream you
can watch my video about the
n-double-a-cp that I made yesterday and
actually got featured live stream
yesterday so John Green washed my face
talking and he said that it's radish
time was a really awesome username which
is correct so that was kind of a
highlight but not as much as the fact
that we are going to raise possibly a
million dollars this year for all sorts
of charities that are fighting World
sock so get back in the live stream
don't watch me I'll see you smile bye
I thought that was by the way that
person is really good longer it's radish
Don I forgotten their real name but all
I want to think of them isn't that a
great that's such a great user name yeah
because while I thought I to user name
that I just I'm sad that I didn't think
of it first it is radish time I mean I
feel it right now it feels like I a 38
maybe it's time to do peanut butter and
jelly and radish um oh god the YouTube
comments are so
