hi guys happy project for awesome I was
gonna make my video about something
completely different but then this
happened and this happened so my name is
Taylor I'm black wait wait if you're not
hear me out I assume that you like me
are just heartbroken and horrified when
a white police officer can kill an
unarmed black person and walk free but
this isn't just about Mike Brown and
Eric garner and Tamir rice and remain
Brisbane and probably plenty more people
since I record this video this is about
all of the nameless and faceless black
and brown bodies that are killed
unjustly practically every day that we
never hear about this the u.s. is a
nation in which people of color are
still systematically oppressed by those
institutions that should serve and
protect them racism isn't even close to
over as I'm sure some of the comments on
this very video will demonstrate that's
why I'm asking you to be part of the
solution and join me in giving to the
n-double-a-cp the n-double-a-cp or the
National Association for the Advancement
of Colored People is an organization
that fights for equality civil rights
and an end to racial discrimination and
the US think of just about any
legislation for civil rights related to
race that has been passed in the US the
n-double-a-cp was behind a 1954 is Brown
versus Board of Education which
desegregated schools the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 which outlawed
discrimination based on race color sex
religion or national origin in
workplaces schools and public facilities
the Voting Rights Act of 1965 which
outlawed unequal application of voter
registration requirements based on race
the Fair Housing Act of nineteen sixty
eight which provided for equal housing
opportunities for people regardless of
race religion
or national origin basically you
couldn't refuse to rent to somebody
because they were black for decades the
n-double-a-cp has been advocating for
legislation and policy to promote
educational economic political and
social equality for all people and
removing barriers of racial
discrimination one of my favorite and
double ACP victories was their advocacy
in the nineteen sixty-eight case of
Loving v Virginia that's the supreme
court case that made interracial
marriage legal in all states 1968 that's
super recent guys my parents were five
and eight years old at the time and
without that case they never would have
been able to grow up and get married so
this biracial kid has the n-double-a-cp
to thank for existing but I think their
work is especially relevant now in light
of all this police and justice because
they're advocating for reforms in our
law enforcement and criminal justice
systems like national use of force
standards the elimination of racial
profiling by police transparency of
police interactions and data collection
like from body cameras and more
culturally competent community policing
strategies the fight for racial justice
is so important and it's not over so
please join me I'm going to be making a
gift to the n-double-a-cp you can to by
finding their website in the links below
you can also go to project for awesome
calm and vote for this video's of the
n-double-a-cp gets chunk of the money
we're raising during the project for
awesome if you don't have the ability to
give there is still so much you can do
to promote racial equality and to
support the work of the n-double-a-cp
follow them on Twitter and like them on
Facebook and the links below so that you
can learn more about the amazing work
that they're doing another thing you can
do that takes nothing at all make it a
goal this year to listen to musicians of
color read authors of color make more
friends of color follow more people of
color on twitter and retweet them watch
more youtubers of color the more that we
examine our racial bias is now
and fight to close those gaps of
understanding the better we will be for
generations to come so thanks for
watching and I will leave you with one
big giant shout out to racial equality
to the n-double-a-cp and to the project
for awesome bye
