hey guys it's vlogmas day 11 and I
forgot there's that thing of when you do
the daily blog project that you don't
get to sleep properly for a month but
whatever I am going to talk to you today
about my favorite Christmas movies not
really a big movie watcher so all of
them are movies that I watched when I
was a kid I was loved that animated
version Frosty the Snowman with the
incompetent musician who was like the
precursor to joke blue man that scene
where he gets locked in the greenhouse
and melts and then like karen is crying
tears into the puddle of melted frosty
and then all of a sudden door opens and
he like spins into life again the feels
of it all I favorite were all those
rankin/bass claymation ones from the 60s
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer is an
absolute classic but especially for
people who were angsty teens because
island of misfit toys am i right Herbie
wanted to be a dentist I wanted to leave
this town and never look back same thing
but my top favorite Christmas movie of
all time of all time is the year without
a santa claus what is the plot I don't
totally remember Santa's depressed kids
are crying mother nature shows up for
some reason but the entire thing is
worth it for heat miser and snow miser
to me that's just like the iconic
Christmas movie scene where snow miser
responds all the many snow misers now
have like the straw barbershop hats
males thing about this weird global
warming turf war they've got going that
somehow ends up saving Christmas so down
in the comments tell me what your
favorite Christmas movie was while I
play this one out for you I'm Stu white
I mr. snow I mr. icicle i'm mr. 10
friend is call me Sam
turns to snow in my crush I too much
