hey friends this week's fog comes a
little bit early because I'm trying to
be relevant Halloween so in recent years
I've not really dressed up for halloween
because that requires some sort of
social life that I don't have that
doesn't mean I didn't have some awesome
costumes in my day first halloween
costume i can remember where green was
the princess boring then winning food
then Nala from the lion pain with a big
foam head yo I was also Esmeralda from
Hunchback knock down one year which was
the brownest Disney character that ever
existed in my day after that and went as
a ghost for like three years because
 you gender stereotypes that's what
the last time I can remember into my
senior high school where all my friends
dressed up as zombies I was like a
zombie gothic victorian porcelain doll
the costume I worked hardest on with my
freshman year in college I was max from
where the wild things i sowed some ears
on to a pair of footie pajamas and then
made the crown of a tail myself at a
cardboard and craft store fer I one
hundred dollars in a costume contest
with that thing but the best part was
that it was the warmest comfiest costume
I ever had which is a huge win sparse
lady costumes so that's basically the
last time I really dressed up but I want
to hear all of your cool stories so
comments below what are you dressing up
is this year and what is the best
costume you have ever had or do you just
kind of stay
now this year at work my co-workers and
I are going to be a mystery game from
scooby-doo I'll be Belmont naturally you
want to see pictures you can check out
my Twitter and Instagram below and as
always if you like this video please
consider subscribing so that we can hang
out be friends I'll see you next week
bye
