oh he does so I try to be one of those
like minimalist ish people which means
partially not buying a lot of stuff and
also trying to be conscious about the
environment and stuff like that so I
just got started with something that
kind of totally brings all that together
and I'm gonna tell you about it because
I think it's the wave of the future so
you might have already heard of bike
sharing there's a lot of different
companies that do it there's b-cycle
that's in a bunch of cities across the
u.s. there's divvy in Chicago there's
bubbler in Milwaukee but basically the
concept is you pay for a membership and
they put these stations with bikes all
around town and you can check them out
and ride them and then turn them back in
for a long time I was like that's a
great idea but not for me because I have
a bike that I never ever ride like I
want to but for most of you here it's
too cold and icy and my bike is all like
rusted out and old and i dont have space
to bring it in my apartment to take care
of it and then every so often somebody
steals your wheel right forget your
Katie bike lock or just the whole thing
is a pain in the ass though bike sharing
the way it works in my city is you sign
up for membership you get a little card
I pay eight bucks a month there are
stations in abundance you just walk up
to one attack your little cars on the
thing and boom you have a bite now Oh
what if i want to go to the library
today let me take this bike that's
conveniently been saved for me a block
from my apartment and then write it to
the library put it back in its holder
right outside the library go in get a
big stack of books put them in the large
and spacious basket and ride on home so
i take it to the library i take it to
the farmers market Lou takes it to and
from work if one of us is out somewhere
with the car and the other person wants
to meet them but we don't have two cars
bike there then you leave the bike you
don't have to deal with getting it back
and we can write back together it's so
convenient and so cheap I don't have to
pay a couple hundred dollars for bicycle
I don't have to maintain it I don't have
to fill up Aaron its tires and have to
bring it inside for the winter I don't
even have to own bike lock in fact I
bike more now than when I actually owned
a bike because it's so convenient and
the best part is that i'm not riding a
bike all day every day 24 7 so when I'm
not using a bike somebody else can be
using that very bike and we have to
spend less money and resources
collectively as a community to all have
access to really awesome transportation
maybe maybe I'll even try biking in the
winter this year so tell me in the
comments have you ever tried a bike
share are you convinced now to go join
one and what else do you wish a bike
sharing like system existed for there
are certain things like power tools or
office supplies that I don't really use
that off in but it would be nice to have
access to sometimes if you liked this
video and you want to see more of me
please consider subscribing so that we
can hang out with your friends you can
find me on twitter tumblr Instagram and
links below I'll see you next week bye
