Oh human it√µs so I am a major introvert
so why do I make videos on the internet
haha it's because well I get my fix of
talking to you I'm actually completely
alone I suspect that because you spend
your free time alone watching people
talk to themselves you may be an
introvert too bad byeeeee but in case
you're not let me explain some things
unlike people i enjoy human interaction
in fact I even get lonely sometimes
however extended periods of interaction
kind of wear me out and trying to
socialize with more than maybe two
people at a time can be completely
overwhelming to illustrate take my
co-workers everyone I've ever worked
with in my department has been an
extrovert how can you apply to work
where I do like many places you take a
personality assessment even though I
always kind of fudge those because for
whatever reason people think that
introversion is a negative trait this
test still knew my true nature so with
my extroverted coworkers I can go to
work and I can spend the day talking
with them and laughing and interacting
and joking around go to meetings we
lunched together i genuinely enjoy their
company but when people want to go to
happy hour after work I'm like but
didn't we just spend like the entire day
together already I mean I have a lot of
being alone to do right now I get home
and my husband who's also an ensure it
gets home and we just kind of sit by
ourselves for a while until we're ready
to be around people again but it's
interesting because a lot of people that
I meet actually don't believe that I'm
an introvert and I think that's because
I insist on it being a strength not that
I can't talk to people it's just that I
prefer not to I definitely need time to
go away and be alone and process things
other than just shouting out ideas in a
large group setting but I think
that the things I come up with are
stronger for it call me quiet or shy or
loner but I like to think that I'm just
fiercely independent it's just who you
are you don't have to be sorry about it
but don't let it be an excuse for things
either so go for it and continue doing
what you were doing tell me in the
comments are you introverted or
extroverted or do not really care and
how does that affect your life if you
enjoy this video please consider
subscribing so that we can hang out and
be friends you can find me on twitter
tumblr Instagram and once blow it's
getting pretty dark Saturday night I'm
going to go take up back by myself I
don't know if you can hear the ambient
noise around me people outside my
apartment going to bars right now but I
just got the new christmas collection
from lush I'm gonna go take a bath yo
I'm an introvert all right I'll see you
next week I
