hi guys okay so sometimes in your life
you may receive a piece of particularly
disappointing news and if you're like me
and you've had a pretty relatively
awesome life you may not be especially
adept at handling that so you have some
shitty news particular life situation
may not have gone as planned and you're
bummed out first great suppressing your
feelings is for middle-aged white dudes
on TV you however are going to take 24
hours and just mope it out you're going
to eat your feelings cry rant about it
online so long as it's completely
anonymous and not tied to your actual
identity enjoy a beverage or to wrap
yourself and like layers and layers of
blankets and just think about how much
this sucks you only get 24 hours
because after that you start to just be
really annoying to be around after
you're done moping you're gonna make the
absolute best out of your current
situation you're going to clean your
apartment buy yourself some flowers set
up some fun date so you have cool stuff
to go out and do you can reorganize your
wardrobe or go for a run or buy that
book or that lipstick or those concert
tickets you wanted so that even though
you're disappointed about this one thing
you have a lot to look forward to in
every other area of your life and then
once you have those things to be happy
about it's time to work harder now it
could be that you've been disappointed
by something that's completely outside
of your control but more likely you
didn't get the thing that you wanted
because you weren't ready God accept
that and then you gotta get to work I
mean
so make plans set goals and then put the
time in every single day to improve
yourself you know those people that just
seem to be really really lucky it's not
an accident I've gotta step your game up
and the next time an opportunity comes
along you'll be ready for it so tell me
in the comments how do you deal with
this appointment and if you like this
video please consider subscribing so
that we can hang out and be friends find
me on Twitter Tumblr and Instagram in
the links below and I'll see you next
week I
