my friends I was in New Orleans last
week for a work thing it was my first
time there and I'm surprised to see how
much it looked like like you know the
fake New Orleans and Disneyland well
that's what the real New Orleans looked
like to at least around the convention
center like a fake place or like the
regular world but with the saturation
turned up and for most of my time there
that palm tree Laden theme park is all I
really saw on my way into and out of the
Convention Center but on my last day we
wrapped up early so I had about an hour
to kill before I had to head to the
airport and I wanted to see something a
little more authentic feeling so
inspired by my goth phase and the ask a
mortician YouTube channel I decided to
see some cool architecture and confront
my own mortality I walked about a mile
out of the way of the sea of khaki
shorts to go to the cemetery no not the
famous one with a voodoo Queens grave
and Nicolas Cage's giant death pyramid
that st. Louis cemetery number one I
went to st. Louis cemetery number two
the off-brand one that doesn't require
tour guide to get in in New Orleans
bodies are buried
above-ground what with the whole place
being below sea level and all which
gives us these beautiful little cities
of graves a family will make itself a
tiny Tower of ancestors stacked one on
top of another there you're done in this
way and you start to change the
landscape in depth you get to defy earth
I'm looking at unit cage we all know
what that pyramid is a symbol for but
then on the other hand here's the thing
that happens when you die
people might come and take care of you
for a while for as long as they live or
live in that place and eventually they
also die and maybe their kids are still
around to look after your eternal
resting place but then in a couple of
generations everybody who knew you or
knew of you dies too and there's no one
really left to do that anymore
I don't mean that to sound dark that's
just how time works combine that with
the devastating hurricane that hits and
in time you're several story monument
crumbles and we'd start poking back
through
you become the earth anyway one of my
favorite monuments in the cemetery maybe
a holdover from when the Spanish
controlled the Mississippi Delta was a
grave that read and now is that gonna
mean unless VCC through these Vimanas
all human fluctuations changes
alterations end in bone oh right I'm
just gonna let that one sit with you for
a second
next to it was an older monument or it
seemed older its marker had worn off or
fallen off and the bricks on top had
started to crumble into a little pile of
rubble but it was topped with a pair of
2017 issue Nikes like someone reaching
back into the future to say hey we're
still here because yeah ashes to ashes
and sure we're all gonna return to dust
and all our human alterations of the
world will end in bone and everything we
make will be forgotten to time but we'll
keep making them if you liked this video
please share it with someone who you
think would like it too and I'll see you
next week bye
