back in the summer I had a rather large
infestation of midges in my apartment
which was fine until the subsequent
invasion of midge eating spiders just
massive quantities of these big fat
brown pointy like it's spiders just
slowly descending the ceiling so if you
want to know how to get rid of a spider
here's how it's done step one upon first
noticing the spider admit a call of
distress preferably as pathetic sounding
as possible yeah except you retrieve
from the spider containing area at this
point you may want to consider burning
that to the ground 3
alternatively you can kill the spider so
you may want to done a spider killing
suit covering all exposed skin so that
if the spider falls on you it won't
actually touch you especially not your
head also require some smashing sport
locate a vacuum with a hose plug it in
and re-enter the spider affected
location if it seems like the spiders
going to move on you
and hairspray and apply liberally to
spider to immobilize step 6
standing as far as possible away from
the spider vacuum it up that Weaver
vacuum running another 5-10 minutes
because we will be having none of that
climbed up the spout again business if
you miss and the spider falls on the
ground smash smash for your life step 7
of course is to start looking for an
apartment if you liked this video and
you want to see more please consider
subscribing so that we can hang out and
be friends tell me in the comments below
if you are also afraid of spiders
because I really don't think there's
much truth that they're more afraid of
you than you're afraid of them you can
find me on the Twitter Tumblr and
Instagram below we'll see you next week
bye
