all human it√µs today's vlog is a little
different it's Saturday night whereas I
usually record on Wednesdays it's
already dark outside I'm sitting down
today I've got actually if you never
knew a piano right here I don't actually
know how to play the piano and today's
video comes to you in five part part 1
Ferguson I know I haven't made a video
about it yet but if you follow me on
Twitter you'll know that I've been
feeling a lot of things and frankly I've
just been having a really difficult time
putting any of my thoughts or feelings
into words but basically the gist of
them is that if you think this is a new
thing that this is surprising that this
level of racism still exists in our
country you're wrong so at this point
I'm just really sad and tired but we're
still dealing with this in 2014 and
people think that we live in this
post-racial America it's not true so my
heart is just absolutely broken for my
crown and for his family and for all the
black and brown kids and men and
who can't expect justice in the place
that they live so I guess just if you're
following the story please keep
following it don't let this disappear
with the next news cycle we have to pay
attention and we have to change stay
woke part 2 on a less terrifyingly
depressing note I shot my first wedding
two weeks ago it went awesome and you
can see the video i made if you check
out my vimeo page i'll link it below I
already know their stuff I do
differently next time but I'm pretty
proud of it and it was super rewarding
to make it and you know if you want to
hire me for any videography purposes you
can do that now my website will be below
part 3 bats hi in this window right now
that's over here there are a bunch of
bats swooping around and also like in
the atrium of my apartment building
there's a really adorable sleeping that
like hanging just above the doorway and
I'm kind of terrified but kind of in
love starting to feel like maybe bats on
my next piece I'm sure they're equally
good for our environment but also
slightly more terrifying if they
approach you like I don't think you can
just stand still and wait for about to
go away so I should probably call my
landlord about that bat in my apartment
all right boys I've kind of got travel
on my mind a little bit again now tell
you more about why in a future video but
I want to hear about any cool trips he
took this summer are you still planning
to take I've already been to Anaheim for
VidCon in Seattle and Chicago and next
weekend I'll be going up to door county
wisconsin where I once saw an ice cream
sundae being eaten out of the Stanley
Cup in part 5 that's way too dark to be
doing this video the lighting is
horrible so I'm gonna go now also it's
almost the end of august i'm thinking
about maybe making a monthly favorites
video if you have any interest in that
or not if you like this video and you
want to see more of me please consider
subscribing so you can hang out and be
friends that really wasn't a school's
jumping in the frame but in any case
find me on Twitter Tumblr and Instagram
and also vimeo and also my website in
the links below have a good week be kind
to each other and i'll see you on the
flippety-flip IE
