what's up guys it's taylor and I'm like
bees do you like bees you know like
those little black and yellow bugs fly
around Mike honey I really like those
guys in fact I'm always kind of fancied
myself a bit of a bee whisperer in my 23
years I have encountered many of e but
I've never been stung by one in fact
when I was maybe 10 or 12 years old I
was hanging out of the pool and I summer
day enjoying a nice pepsi-cola and you
know who else like sugary soda bees so
I'm just hanging out very leisurely
enjoying my beverage I happen to set it
down and a bee flies over decides to
check it out and know I've got my shades
on I am too cool for this life I don't
even look at things before I drink them
and my B friend he's just kind of
sitting there on the rim of my soda can
getting whatever kind of errand drips he
can get so as I take another sip with
the soda comes B and that is the moment
that I realized there's a bee on my
mouth so I open it as if to say oh
and in goes the bee it's like oh here is
a steady stream of high fructose corn
syrup let me follow it so in case this
would not get clear to you there is a be
on the inside of my mouth but you know
Mandy's we cool so I'm just like
my befriend is kind of like oh too
so he's just like sitting there for a
minute a moment like don't bite me don't
kill me and then cautiously he's like
okay guy nating by and I'm all audio
speed friend and life goes on unced um I
think that's the key to all the human
relations be approaches you don't freak
out don't flail don't run just sit there
and don't move and Abby go away remember
without these guys there would be no
honey there would be no fruit we would
not have these vegetables these are
pretty freaking important also did you
know how to communicate because these
can tell each other where they can all
go get nectar and what direction and how
far away and how good the nectar is and
they do it by dancing I'm going to go
ahead and link a video that blow
accessories it is mind-blowingly cool so
next time you see be instead of freaking
out and flailing around trust the bee
whisperer remain calm and give that late
be a thumbs up for doing a great job if
you are new here and you enjoyed this
video I would really appreciate if you
subscribe so we could hang out and be
friends
see my Twitter Tumblr and Instagram in
the links below and that is about it for
me i'll see you next week bye and they
do this five day that's a giant
spider
