uyuni toes it is week 10 of my 52 weeks
project so I us forget to mention which
week of the 52 weeks project it is and I
think that's because this is less of 52
weeks product now so much as I just have
decided that I make a video every week
until I die I made one of the story is
if I miss a video assume I'm dead anyway
hello I'm Taylor I'm an adult human
woman and I need a bed all by day I
masquerade as a responsible adult I
pretty much instantly revert to my
internet kid tendencies as soon as I get
home and I mean you guys know this the
internet is kind of like a drug it's so
awesome but it completely disables my
ability to like reason and function
pretty important you know to sleep it's
good for your brain and other things I
assume what if I'm left to my own
devices I just can't do it I'll just sit
there on my laptop like hmm nine o'clock
probably should go to bed soon oops it's
1230 probably get some sleep Oh two
o'clock a.m. this is gonna suck tomorrow
but I won't willingly go to sleep until
I just kind of drift off with my laptop
still in my chest and all of the lights
in my apartment still on and that's why
I need someone namely Luke to physically
put me to bed every night at a regular
time like take away my toys and turn the
lights out like a child so I clearly
need to do better which is why I want to
know down in the comments if you have
any good tips about how to get to sleep
on time and keep a regular sleeping
schedule otherwise you can let me know
if you like me which if you spend a
reasonable amount of time on YouTube
probably are I'll see you next week
if you like this video please consider
subscribing so we can hang out and be
friends you can find me on the twitter
and tumblr and instagram really blue
alright thanks for watching I'll see you
next week bye
