my friends I'm traveling this week so I
thought I'd just film a quick Q&A for
you all so these are troubled times I
mean the people want answers so I went
on patreon and asked if you had any
questions for me which by the way if you
want to become a patron that is within
your rights and here's what we Liz asked
what is one of your dream video projects
if you had unlimited time and budget
what I really want is to create an oral
history of black voters who came a
voting age before the Voting Rights Act
of 1965 came into being and just sort of
hear about their experiences trying to
vote beforehand and kind of how that's
changed over time Lauren asked what is
your favorite thing you've ever written
I think of the videos that you can
actually watch on this channel it would
be my one about names it's actually like
one of the worst shot videos I've ever
done it looks horrible but I stand by
the words I also really like the via
that I made about my personal mythology
and what what that concept is and what
it means to me and it inspired this
series that I'm making now about other
people's personal mythology's things
that aren't on this channel I'm really
really proud of this series that I wrote
in 2016 called how to vote in every
state I'm not quite sure if everything's
still accurate right now but I really
just like that that was a resource that
I could help contribute to to help more
people vote Miriam asked what are some
of your favorite stories medium agnostic
so one thing that I really like is
retold or kind of reimagine mythology's
or fairy tales so Isabel Greenberg's
encyclopedia of early Earth and 100
nights of hero all of Hell annoy Emmys
work that stuff is just really really
cool to me it's it's the kind of stuff
that I read and go like I wish that I'd
wrote that and because you said medium
agnostic I also really really like
stories told through music so if there's
an album that tells a story kind of from
its start to its finish so like the
mountain goats Tallahassee Beyonce's
lemonade Julie Newsome feelings if
there's like a narrative arc that runs
through your album
gonna be really into it Nicole asks how
do you get started working on a
political campaign do you just show up
like Donna moss on the west wing and
convince someone you might be valuable
so yes and no my experience I feel like
was really unique because I got to like
a pretty senior level on a campaign
without campaign experience which is
like pretty unusual I happen to know
somebody who already worked on the
campaign who knew of my work from
YouTube and Twitter and thought that I
would be good for a position but
actually when I interviewed it turned
out that position didn't exist anymore
what I decided to do was like okay maybe
there's no job but I still want to
volunteer so I flew out to New York I
stayed on my friend's couch and I just
did kind of whatever needed doing that
people could find for me so there were a
blog posts I translated emails into
Spanish I edited audio and video clips
just kind of whatever people needed me
to do and I think that convinced people
that I had value and I could offer
something so when a new round of jobs
did come around I was one of the first
people he called but again I was lucky
enough that I knew someone so that was
even an option for me if that's not
access that you have and you still want
to be involved in campaigns call your
local field office or your local like
state political party that you want to
be involved in and ask if you can
volunteer usually kind of the
entry-level to campaigns if you've never
worked on one before is a field
organizer position and that's where you
like organize volunteers and you knock
on doors and you make phone calls and
you build relationships so those people
who already have those jobs are looking
to build relationships with you and you
can start volunteering and kind of
showing people that you're passionate
about this and you're willing to work
hard and that's a really great way to
get your foot in the door calling us
what was the biggest misconception you
had about New York before you moved
there the first time that I came to New
York I was in my summer before senior
year of high school and I came with my
parents
and we stayed in a hotel like in Times
Square and we did all of the touristy
things and I hated it here I was like
there's too many people it's too
commercialized I came and walk without
bumping into people it's miserable I had
no intention of ever really moving here
but then I came out for a couple of work
trips and I had friends out here so I
can visit them sometimes and once I got
to see the actual neighborhoods and feel
like it was a real place I grew to love
it jo-ann asks what is the most
challenging part of relocating to a new
city and making new connections that's a
question that I don't totally know the
answer to because when I lived in
Seattle I lived there for like a year
and a half and never really made good
friends and I think that's because I was
freelancing slash unemployed at the time
and I always kind of make my friends
through work so I think for me the
hardest part is finding that place where
you can find your people so all of my
friends in New York are people that I
ever worked with or who meet you and in
hanging out with them I then get to meet
their friends and kind of expand my
circles out a little bit but it's
definitely easier here than when I moved
to places where I didn't know anybody at
all and finally police asked has there
been a thing or situation that you've
seen that you thought was the funniest
thing that you've ever experienced but
other people didn't think so like where
you couldn't stop yourself from laughing
place up it's my own tweets I think I'm
very clever sometimes but I am just not
not doing numbers so that is all the
questions for this week let me know in
comments what other questions you have
for me or if there's something that you
thought was hilarious that nobody around
you got if you liked this video you can
subscribe you can find anywhere on the
internet at its radish time and I will
see you next week with another story I
promise
bye
