hi guys if you need here I'm Taylor and
this is weak something rather of my 52
weeks blog project while you're watching
this I'm in anaheim california at my
very first big time and the reason i'm
there is not so much to meet famous
youtubers that I like oddly enough i'm
going because I want to make friends now
I'm a huge fan internet friends I have
many of them that's how I meet most
people I know in fact i had an internet
friend stand up in my wedding so I'm all
for that but with this whole YouTube
thing I feel like it's gotten so big and
there's so many voices that harder and
harder to make one-on-one connection
with people so that's what I'm going so
I want to talk to y'all and look at your
faces IRL but you know I'm a little
nervous because my friend making history
has been a little rocky because I feel
like it's kind of a truth of friendships
that like the more that you just like
want it and harder you try the worst it
ends up going right when I was in sixth
grade my parents didn't really like the
teachers school as that so they decided
to switch me to a different school and
I'd sometimes my old school but like all
middle schoolers I just really wanted so
badly to be cool so when I started
something grade and my new school is
like yes this is my chance I am gonna be
so cool the boys are gonna like me
everything is gonna be great so I saved
up my babysitting money about myself a
few Abercrombie t-shirts because that's
literally all it took surprise lighting
change and as soon as I rolled up in my
like super tight little teal t-shirt
with a rhinestone mousse on it
as in it worked for whatever reason that
was enough to buy me past with these
girls and they were so cool and they
wore makeup and their parents let them
go to the mall by themselves and they
let me start following them around then
I started wearing lip gloss and they
liked me even more and I started
straightening my hair and they liked me
even more I was like after all these
years I have finally cracked the code to
Friendship first by the same things that
they buy and second when you get home
after school you log on to aim and you
make one of other people with them boom
friends everywhere sadly that model
stops working after around like age 15
or so then you got to figure it out all
over again I'm still working on that but
I hear it has something to do with
sharing common interests and being nice
to people so if you're into that kind of
thing hit subscribe we can hang out and
be friends if you haven't VidCon right
meow hit me up on those social media
links below and we can work this thing
out in the real physical world so love
you guys it's been real I will see you
next week ie
