hi guys i am back and today is my
birthday I am 23 years old today and
today is the first day of my 52 weeks
project so over the next year which is
guess my 24th year of life I am going to
put out a new video blog every week
talking about things and stuff and the
adventures I'm up to in the life so
probably good place to start would be
talked about kind of my hopes and dreams
and goals things i want to do while i'm
23 so next year when I'm done with this
whole project I can look back see if I
accomplish those things goal number one
which I am already kind of working on by
being in here is to make more videos and
make more videos stuff so part of that
is blogging consistently another part is
doing some more of those artsy music
keep pretty things that I'd like to do
trying to use video as much as I can in
my job and also getting some like paid
freelance video gigs growing talents
chasing dreams no matter it ops is keep
traveling and getting out and having an
adventure some things so I got two big
trips planned for a month of June but I
want to plan at least three more
adventures for a total of five times and
my 23rd year that I get out of my city
and out of my state and have adventures
and get exposed to new things and open
up my world view and take you along with
me and to achieve that goal I really
want to do number three which is live
more simply this has been something I've
been on for like five years now
and what that looks like is stop buying
so much crap and start saving more money
or spending my money on things that
really support my dreams and goals like
some video equipment and less on that
kind of instant gratification I want
this shiny pre thing and just being less
of that kind of American consumer drone
kind of thing because it makes me
happier it really does and it would
allow me to do things like by your
camera or go on more vacations and also
just have less clutter and crap to deal
with and it helps me focus on what's
more important in life so those are my
three goals for this next year of my
life and I'm not going to make more than
that because then of course I'm not
going to do any of them or those are my
intentions at least because I haven't
made them super measurable but I'm going
to work really hard I'm going to focus
and make it happen if y'all are older
than me tell me what advice you would
give to your 23 year old self maybe I'll
take it but if you don't have any advice
or you are younger or older or whatever
let's get talking about life goals so I
I'm going to celebrate my birthday and
I'll see y'all next week bye
