hi guys so there is a lot going on right
now one of which is a storm outside and
another is that this light bulb appears
burned out and they require this like
special kind of bulb that I can only
find online and hence darkness I was
going to try and make like an April
favorites type of video today but like I
don't really know what my favorites are
the only thing I've really had time for
this month besides trying to get these
videos up is going to work and like
going to the dentist a surprising number
of times and neither of those are my
favorite so as long as it is storming
like crazy out there why not talk about
storms I actually and i suspect i am not
all alone in this I really love storms I
mean for one they force you to stay
inside which is like my favorite place
to be but they had this really Pleasant
way of making your world just a little
quieter and smaller some of my best
memories as a kid are from one there'd
be big thunderstorms or snow storms and
how would go out and everybody would
gather together in the living room maybe
would make a fire in the fireplace with
light candles and we just talked or read
or play games and it was really nice to
like all be in one place and spend that
time together but there's also the kind
of like fun add an element of adventure
and trying to solve problems together
one time the power went out in the first
apartment that luke and I shared
together and we ran around lighting
little tea light candles everywhere and
putting them by mirrors to reflect the
light and cuddling up in blankets and
playing card games and it's kind of fun
because you know everything's going to
be okay
but you have this challenge of how are
you going to get light and stay warm and
cook food together how are you going to
entertain yourself with no computers or
TVs you have this kind of interesting
and unique shared experience together at
the same time as being totally
disconnected from all the distractions
and it's just quiet and pure and real
and there's just something so comforting
and cozy about knowing that you're going
to make it through together so tonight I
will be enjoying my weird little dark
apartment and listening to the rain and
cuddling up maybe with a book probably
not with a book probably with all of
your YouTube videos I still need to
catch up on what I'm going to enjoy it
and I'm going to enjoy these last three
days of vlogging every day in April
we're almost there and as much as
probably feel like you want to be done
when it's over we all just go back kind
of to our normal regular lives so enjoy
these last few days in this kind of
special space also I know you probably
got some good storm stories for me so
leave them below in the comments and I
will see you all tomorrow I
