hey guys so it is just after nine
o'clock right now and I just started
filming for tonight because I just woke
up for like a two hour nap that I took
when I fell asleep at seven that's what
kind of week I've been having so earlier
this week I was talking a little bit
about some of my favorite ways to take
care of the environment and I've been
thinking about how that whole part of me
and that love for the environment and
being outside and being in nature and
being away from all of the distractions
of everyday life is kind of at odds with
my other greatest love which is the
Internet I can't tell you how many books
have been on my list to read forever but
I haven't even started because why book
when you can tumblr and how many
beautiful days outside I have wasted
away sitting in my bed on my computer
doing nothing and part of me really
wants to live simple life and go off the
grid and just disappear from the online
world another part of me knows that
connecting with other people online is
one of the best thing that's ever
happened to me and beyond just
entertainment the Internet makes me more
creative and more connected and happier
so I don't really know quite how to
reconcile it too I senior college I had
this winter break but I thought would be
the perfect time to take a week entirely
off the computer and of course I made it
like maximum of 24 hours you know it's
good to have a balance and to step away
from kind of the endless unproductive
cycle of Facebook Twitter Tumblr
Facebook Twitter Tumblr email Facebook
Twitter Tumblr but when i'm using my
Wi-Fi for good and not evil for example
awesome
it's like Vita I don't regret that
constant connection for one second but
I'm thinking perhaps that one this month
is over I'll try to step back again and
reevaluate and rebalance my connection
to the online world baby I'll go a whole
weekend away from the internet to think
I can do it guys and maybe that'll give
me time after I've accomplished this
challenge to refresh and recharge
creatively and come back and make more
awesome stuff so what do you think does
your online presence hurt or help you
whether it's personally socially
creatively have you ever tried or
successfully taken a digital sabbatical
or are you just comfortably all internet
all the time forever and ever amen let
me know in the comments and I will see
you back here on the internet tomorrow
bye
