hi friends so my original plan after the
2016 election was to take a solo road
trip up the coast of California to like
experience the ocean and find myself and
you know chill that plan changed there
was this moment after I watched Hilary's
concession speech that I was like I
can't do it and I called my parents and
I said I can't do it
and two days later my dad had flown to
Las Vegas help me drive directly through
the high desert home no coast involved
but first we had to pack up all my
so I was living in the Arts District in
Vegas which is gentrification for
questionably legal converted motels
during the campaign it was always
buzzing with my co-workers who were the
majority of its residents save for a
couple of creepy guys with too many dogs
but not anymore
everything is quiet now it's morning
late fall but it feels hot like the
middle of summer everything's coated in
a layer of sand and dust and my whole
body aches from crying maybe a little
bit from sleeping on the floor and
everything sort of feels like a metaphor
my dad and I go through my stuff to take
her leave and we throw away a $7 target
in it that doesn't work that's my
personal life and to chew through a
dresser where the top drawer doesn't
open that's democracy we drag everything
out the dumpster in the alleyway that
smells like hot pee and laundry we
packed the stuff I'm keeping in to
grocery bags and load them in the car
and then all that's left is my mattress
it's one of those casper knockoffs that
come rolled up in a cardboard box and i
was so proud of being able to lug all 63
pounds of it up the stairs by myself
when it arrived but i can't quite fit
those things back in the box when you
got them so I couldn't take it with me
we each grab one end of the mattress and
start to carry it down the open air
hallway on my side
for but it's already hot and I'm already
tired and the mattress is doing this
phony rubbery wobble thing like it's not
solid like a regular mattress it's like
carrying heavy jello so he stopped to
rest for a second looking out over the
balcony everyone's car is lined up in
the Sun
my dad says instead of trying to
maneuver it down let's just throw it
over the side into a parking lot
so we bend it and fold it and slide it
over the edge and watch it fall it lands
like this quiet and then a giant
mushroom cloud of dust pops up around it
dad and I both just bust out laughing I
don't know why exactly but we couldn't
stop we just both expected it to be
louder than that but it landed like a
giant dusty marshmallow I left a lot
behind in Nevada more than just that
mattress and the day that we dragged it
out of my empty apartment
I felt shocked and exhausted and the
concept of joy seemed so inaccessible to
me but in that hot bright vacuum it came
to find me anyway because throwing a
mattress off a building is just silly
okay
and something so absurd that we never
expected to happen happen except this
time it made us laugh tell me in
comments about a time that you
experienced the unexpected if you liked
this video you can subscribe you can
find me anywhere in the Internet it's
radish time if you want to support me
with your coin you can do that on
patreon and I'm one more thing to ask
before you go if you really like these
videos and you don't want to miss them
please hit that notification bell I
don't usually ask for that but it really
hopes a lot alright okay I will see you
next week bye
