hi guys happy Earth Day I am a bit of an
environmentalist maybe more than a bit
maybe more so in college when I was
president of these students for an
environmentally active campus student
organization so I'm a big fan of Earth
Day or earth week or earth month or just
earth everything so today I want to talk
about some things I'm doing it something
that you can do to try just a little bit
lighter on our planet by now things like
using reusable water bottles and
recycling have become pretty standard
although if you're not doing them you
showed now it's time to start taking
things just a step further shall I kind
of think our focus on recycling is kind
of to the detriment of real progress
because we feel like yeah we did
something we're done but in the cycle of
reduce reuse recycle they kind of come
in order of priority so recycling does
the least while we're using something is
even better and reducing is the best of
all so it's earth day I want to recommit
myself to reducing in order to decrease
my environmental impact first I'm going
to reduce driving i drive to work
everyday and right now that's kind of my
solution just because I don't have a
parking spot at home so it's like a
place to put my car during the day but
other than that I really want to
decrease my driving to pretty much zero
I'm lucky to live downtown where there's
a lot of stuff within walking distance
and now it's beautiful weather too so if
I ever need to buy anything or go
grocery shopping or even go visit my
parents who live maybe two miles three
miles away I'm going to try and get
there either by walking or biking number
two I need to cut down on buying stuff
which goes hand in hand with my kind of
minimalist bent I've been kind of on a
spree lately of shopping for stuff and
let me just show you the results of that
you come home with your shopping bag
tissue paper inside and
you get receipts and tags and things and
even worse is shopping online or like
three of these little bag things from
lush and they're pretty actually good
about their environmental packaging but
each one's wrapped in plastic and then
you have the catalog and the packing
slip and the packing peanuts and the box
and you just multiply that out with
every package I received because I do a
lot of my shopping online and that's a
lot of waste not to mention all the fuel
it takes to ship it from one place to
another so I'm going to cool it with
shopping online maybe I'll try to step
back to light one order a month and even
that's going to be kind of tricky for me
but I can do it I gotta focus and
finally I'm going to try and reduce the
waste associated with my food buying
fewer processed packaged foods so I
don't have to throw away all the boxes
bags at the end and being realistic
about how much produce i'm going to use
it's good to buy fruit and vegetables
but it's not great for the environment
when you end up throwing stuff away
because it's gone bad and now that the
farmers market has started back up for
the summer buying more food locally
which means awesome produce and honey
and cheese and bread and austin 2 gud
stuff that has traveled a much shorter
distance to get to me alright so that is
how i'm going to step up and start
reducing my environmental impact once
again tell me in the comments what you
do to be environmentally friendly or how
you're celebrating Earth Day and I will
see you tomorrow bye
