hi friends so today is vlog every day in
April day 19 and I've done a lot of
videos sitting in front of this very
book shelf but I've never really gotten
to show you what's on it so today I'm
going to do a little bookshelf tour for
you guys and I hope you enjoy it let's
go prep here I don't own a lot of books
because I mostly just go to the library
so usually if there's a book on my shelf
that means I really liked it or i bought
it for school or I read it and I checked
out from the library but loved it so
much that I ended up buying a copy for
myself to keep i also have all the
clothbound Jane Austen novels that I got
when I took a Jane Austen class we read
all of them and I thought it would be
kind of nice to splurge and get the
fancy versions and they make me smile
and they look really great on my
bookshelf and I have reread most of
these multiple times so it was worth it
here I have got some Charles Bukowski
and i got these books in high school why
somebody's got it in my head that
Charles Bukowski was a cool guy to read
and I actually I'm not a huge fan of him
and I think he was kind of a dick Thank
Rooney's I've allina if you're an Austen
fan and kind of read that read it it's
really good some more Luke's books
willingness Burroughs perks of being a
wallflower you can't really be an emo
team without having read this and Joseph
Conrad's Heart of Darkness also hated it
he's also a dick and then I have Junot
Diaz um the brief wondrous life of Oscar
Wow and this is how you lose her both of
these books were super impactful for me
and I loved them
I think I might have mentioned in a
previous video that I studied a lot of
South American history in college but
that's the first time I ever learned
about any of that I didn't learn about
that in high school or anything so these
were really eye-opening to me and put
all that history and such a vivid
context a good chunk of f scott
fitzgerald one of my favorite writers
also jonathan safran foer i don't know
if i'm pronouncing that right but both
of these books I checked out from the
library and I love them so much that i
bought my own copies Allen Ginsberg here
that's also Luke's you'll notice that
Luke is really into the beats i hate the
beats I'm sorry don't hurt me I just
can't stand them in Greek mythology here
the Odyssey some Ernest Hemingway I'm
surprised I don't actually have more of
his books I've got a nice john green box
set on this side followed by the Phantom
Tollbooth this is another childhood
classic that I did not actually read
till I was an adult but last summer luke
and I would take turns reading chapters
each other before we fell asleep and
that was really fun we didn't like
voices for all the characters and
everything so highly recommended so Jack
Kerouac again I've tried I've tried I
can't I just don't like the Beats or
history of love by nicole krauss who is
the wife of jonathan safran foer this is
an amazing book I got this as a wedding
gift it made me cry to kill a
mockingbird and here i have 100 years of
solitude by gabriel garcia marquez both
in english and in spanish I don't know
what I was thinking when I bought it in
Spanish that was really ambitious with
me but my Spanish is not good enough for
that here I've got the classic winnie
the pooh books i was obsessed with my
food was a kid this one I just got BJ
Novak who many of you will know as Ryan
from the office sellers this short story
collection which was hilarious fun fact
actually when Luke and I ran honeymoon
in Paris he was doing a reading of
this book before it was published at
shakespeare company and i totally didn't
know that that was what was going on so
I just walked right by it and I went
back and read it later and it was really
good the portable Dorothy Parker this is
all of the short stories and letters and
poems published by Dorothy Parker and
they are fantastic about that on the
recommendation of Rory Gilmore of course
got bell jar All Quiet on the Western
Front is a book of short stories that i
read in a spanish literature class and
loved it's called que me quieres amor is
actually a movie based off of one of the
main stories in this book called
butterfly you should go find it and
watch it if you're not a Spanish speaker
watch it with the subtitles it's really
heartbreaking and beautiful you can tell
probably that we're not like big harry
potter people in this house sorry I
guess I just never got into it about
Walden I really like throws ideas and
philosophies towards life but his
writing is like really impossible to get
through so I haven't finished this but I
need to at some point got some Mark
Twain and all of Salinger's novels like
pretty much everybody Catcher in there I
was the defining novel of my high school
years so I went and read all of his
stuff here is one of the new novels by
Lemony Snicket was anybody else a huge
fan of a series of unfortunate events as
a kid because I was here because my big
Kurt Vonnegut section kurt vonnegut is
most definitely my favorite author I
think that just a way that he thinks
about the world is so similar to the
whip I think about the world but he just
said it so much better and so much more
beautifully so every time I read one of
his books it's like a revelation my
favorite is cat's cradle I've also got a
big chunk of edith wharton here I took
an Edith Wharton class in college I know
a lot of people read Ethan Frome in high
school and if you didn't like Ethan
Frome none of her other writings
anything like it so check it out and
then this moves into my nonfiction
section
so here I have alphabet juice by Marie
about junior if you are a word nerd or
at all linguistically inclines this was
a really good read Sloane Crosley if you
are a fan of like Mindy Kaling's book
these are really good and you'll like
them as well environmental books no
impact man and the story of stuff I left
both of those so much that I ended up
buying them got some michael paalan
books got lean in I read last summer as
I was beginning my career travel book
for Seattle I'll be going back there
again in june and these are some of my
travel journal I'm the last thing on my
bookshelf at least two CDs by my
husband's band the Earthlings got a
clock here it is 76 degrees in my
apartment in case you were wondering
that's where my tripod was so that's
pretty much my bookshelf and let me know
if there's anything on here that you
have read and loved or if you think I'm
missing anything if there's any good
books that I need to check out so that i
can add them to my shelf alright LLC
tomorrow bye
