I've been hit with a serious case of
wanderlust lately today I want to talk a
little bit about some of the places I've
been and some of the places i would most
like to go and extremely fortunate to
travel a lot in my life starting with my
first trip out of the country when i was
maybe 10 years old to mexico and since
then I've been so lucky to have traveled
to Australia Germany Austria Hungary the
Czech Republic Slovakia Spain multiple
times and France this year like the past
365 days alone and to Paris san
sebastian spain madrid austin texas and
then in june i'm going to seattle and
anaheim for VidCon but yes traveling is
my favorite absolute most favorite trips
or when I was a junior in high school I
got to go around eastern europe with my
AP euro class which is when I went to
Austria and when we got there it was
nighttime but the city was still all lit
up and it was snowing and I don't think
I've ever seen something so beautiful or
magical in my life in my opinion it is
the most beautifully built city i have
ever seen in my life so if you're into
architecture at all or even better into
history move going to Austria to the top
of your bucket list and when I was in
college I studied abroad in Spain while
I mostly lived in Madrid I got to travel
all over the country from Granada in the
South 20 viedo and Sons bastian in the
North the entire country is so varied
and so beautiful I've been so lucky to
travel abroad and especially through a
lot of Europe but I realized i haven't
actually been to that many US states so
if we talk places i'd like to visit i
really want to do like a road trip or
something through west in the southwest
because i haven't really been
and what I've heard and seen pictures
and videos of it is astounding naturally
I really want to see all the beautiful
lakes and mountains and desert and
especially the Grand Canyon in Wisconsin
you basically have trees and snow and
rolling hills and that's about it I
think the next place I'd like to go
outside of the country is probably
Amsterdam or maybe Venice I just love to
see a canal city but I'd also like to go
to South America maybe Argentina or a
chili or Brazil as in college I studied
South American history a ton I would
love to put some context to all of the
things that are bred if you've been to
any of the places i just mentioned let
me know in the comments what i need to
go and do and see there and that will
give me more excuses to plan a trip and
or tell me where is on your list of
places that you want to travel next and
all talk in the comments about going
places and seeing things and not like
being stuck in our apartments forever
and ever though that is it I will see
you tomorrow safe travels and good bye
