hello friends so when I was a senior in
high school we want to retreat right
before we graduated and you're asked to
write a letter to ourselves five years
in the future and that happened row 17
and today employee to and that letter
showed up today so I'm gonna read it and
tell you a little bit about what I think
about 17 year old me have a say about
life about to graduate high school and
that's pretty cool next gym going to
Marquette I got a new northwestern
McAllister too but I'm going to my cut I
hope that's not a mistake Marquette was
an excellent choice seventeen-year-old
me you had an awesome time there and you
miss it now that you are graduated with
Luke right now are you still with him
yes we are now I'm married I have some
people that I hope you still in touch
with that I'm no longer in touch with
and 17 year old knee tells now me to get
in touch with them and you know what I'm
not going to get in touch with them
thing that you learn when you get older
that sometimes your friends and your
relationships change and that's not a
bad thing because people change and
sometimes we go apart for good reasons
because you're just not right for each
other slides anymore I have blue hair
right now and it's really cool I hope
you still look different in some way
because you are so that was a big thing
I was into in high school like the way
that I dressed and had my hair and did
my makeup I was at this very emo kid as
I got an older and started just looking
more like a general person i have had
moments where i'm like nobody can tell
by looking at me what I like to do or
what kind of music I listen to hey it's
cool people are complex and it's cool if
you can't tell everything about them by
what colors are here is oh here is where
I sound like a total jerk remember how
you learn about existentialism that
struggle is what makes you it teaches
you and strengthen see you face it
head-on as much as I thought I was
really cool by pretending to understand
existentialism that's still a good
message a struggle makes you who you are
and as weird and as difficult as the
years coming out of and going into
college are I've learned a lot from them
and give it a lot some things I think 17
year old me wrong is that you always
have to be friends with the same people
this weird idea that when you get older
your soul advised and you become this
miserable desperate boring adult to the
sweater I'm telling myself this has
always been your dream do it now if
you're not doing it already and that is
point but dreams change when I wrote
this letter I knew nothing about
videography and now it is biggest
passion that I have and sometimes I
think of a guitar but it's not my life's
dream anymore to be a rock star but one
thing that I really did not have a grasp
on at 17 years old is how much things
change and how much of a cool thing that
is this whole letter I was basically
trying to shake my idea of my boring
pathetic 22 year old self back and being
cool but what I didn't know is that I
think I'm actually way cooler now than I
ever was in high school and that's
precisely because I have changed so much
in the comments below tell me what you
would like to tell yourself five years
from now or what advice do you have for
your younger self I will see you
tomorrow ie
