hashtag logging while driving I feel a
little ridiculous and I'm not going to
look at you because I'm trying to focus
on the road actually while I live in the
car I have always had kind of an
interesting relationship with driving
and vehicles in general i started
driving like most people when i was 16
but I was like really really nervous
about it you're supposed to have like a
certain number of hours of practice or
something before you get your license
and I remember like just barely getting
to that because practicing driving was
so stressful of course I failed the
first driver's test that I took and
eventually it past so I could like to
drive myself to school every day and
dance practice and I got comfortable
just by practicing constantly kind of
like what I was saying the other day the
more you do something the better you get
imagine that plugging while driving at a
red light I look kind of stupid but
anyway then I went to college and I
didn't take a car so like for four years
I basically never drove maybe like a
dozen times in four years but actually
that was really nice because I learned
to walk or bike everywhere like the
internship I had I could walk to I
walked all my classes
the only time I ever got in a car was if
a friend was going to take me to the
grocery store I gotta say if you can
swing it living life without a car is a
really nice way to live life but now I'm
back living in a city where basically
you have to have a car to get around and
it kind of sucks so i drive to work
every day and i'm not afraid of driving
anymore and i have actually become an
excellent parallel parker but I still
kind of missed those days when I could
get around without a vehicle just better
for my mind like I could think through
things or I could just take in the world
around me and I got to skip that little
bit of anxiety that always still comes
with getting behind the wheel of a car
plus getting around from point A to
point me with your body it's just like
really good for your health you know
it's kind of refreshing to get some
fresh air it makes you feel human I am
uh she do so I think the next place I
live I will choose somewhere that's a
little more dense you know that there's
enough going on that you're close enough
to everything you need that you can walk
or that has really good public
transportation so it's a backup if you
need to go a little further is that I
can live the car free life once again
save the environment and what have you
but most of all just be happy and be
human and have a good life so do you
like cars or hate them or do you have
awesome public transportation where you
lived you like walking tell me about
your stitch in the comments and I will
see you tomorrow bye
