hey guys how's it going as you can see
behind me there's a pair of crutches in
my background today that's because luke
crease on Sunday got pretty badly
injured this weekend he actually fell
down the stairs and have a pretty nasty
ankle sprain right now so I've been
trying to be a good person and take good
care of him but it actually got me
thinking about injuries and I've been
pretty lucky i've never been injured
that bad in my life no broken bones no
stitches no major accidents probably
because i was a very worrisome child and
avoided all things on the safe but like
anyone i do have a few scars so let me
tell you i got space dead this big nasty
purple scar along the entire top of my
foot and it's fading quite a bit but one
day I was walking into high school and I
had flats on like these that are like
open at the top and I opened one of
these big heavy metal doors to get into
school but somehow my foot was weirdly
angled and when I open it the metal door
just kind of like sliced along the top
of my foot and I didn't really think
anything happened to me beyond it just
like scraping and hard and really bad so
I kind of like cursed a bit and kept
walking and one my day until maybe half
an hour later I noticed this big mass of
red that was spreading along the tights
I was wearing and I was like oh maybe
kind of hurt myself you back up several
years when I was much younger I also got
a pretty nasty scar when I was playing
on the playground I was at the age was
losing teeth you know but I hadn't lost
one of these guys got these big bunny
teeth in the front park near my house
where I grew up there's this kind of pic
where the swings were and so there's
this big ledge before you got to the
rest of the ground and it used to be fun
to run and jump off the ledge and land
the pit so of course I was doing it ran
up and I took a jump and when I landed
my head just kind of went right into my
knee then I noticed i was missing one of
my first big teeth awesome right like
I'm going to get money for the Tooth
Fairy this is great so of course I'm
looking around for it and then I noticed
that it's sticking right out of my
kneecap I still have this weird scar
that is kind of like stretched out as I
got older that's like vaguely to the
shape but yeah I guess I'm pretty lucky
that that's like the worst damage that
I've done I better knock on wood so I'm
sure you guys have to have words battle
stories than I do right so tell me down
in the comments what was your worst
injury ever how old were you how did it
happen do you have any cool scars I look
forward to reading about it and I will
see you tomorrow bye
