hi friends so Halloween is this week
topical video and Halloween is like my
favorite holiday because I like spooky
things I love candy and I really really
enjoy dressing up and wearing costumes
and for a long time I've made my own so
when I was small I made a movie star
costume by putting together my really
cool metallic jeans with this awesome
silver sweater and a feather boa which
this was the early 2000s by the way when
that was oh look and I made myself an
Oscar out of gold cardboard and together
I looked like cardi B circa 2018 a
visionary I also pulled off a killer
Statue of Liberty with just a green
bedsheet I did the Tooth Fairy with a
sparkly goodwill dress and a bunch of
toothbrushes and silver spray paint how
last year I hand studded a purple thrift
store blazer for hours
just to give you San Juna pair of tees
and I am not done yet but I think my
best Halloween and my best costume ever
was my freshman year in college I did
not adjust well to college like making
friends was never a strong state of mind
and even though I've always been someone
who loves Halloween costumes I have
never been the person who gets invited
to Halloween parties I'm like that scene
in Mean Girls where everybody's just as
a sexy baby animal and then Katy shows
up looking like an actual monster like
nothing against sexy costumes I see why
people find them fun and cute but I'm
shy about my body and Wisconsin in
October is cold so I wasn't really sure
how to dress up and still be comfortable
while not looking completely out of
place but 2009 was the year that the
Spike Jonze directed live-action where
the wild things our movie came out so I
like every hipster worth their salt was
having this brand-new Arcade Fire
infused infatuation with this book from
our childhood and that's when I decided
I was gonna be a cozy B first I was
gonna need to buy a pair of footie
pajamas and adult onesies were not as
ubiquitous
then as they are today you can just
order them off of Amazon or whatever so
I had to buy them from a specialty
website called jumpinjammerz I also
didn't understand that the sizing was
unisex when I ordered them either so
when they showed up in my dorm room they
were like two sizes too big and he had a
bit of a drop crotch effect and like a
whole lot of onesie leg pulling up
around my ankles but I'd spent like 60
bucks on this thing which for me in
college was a lot of money that was like
a whole shift reorganizing the denim
wall at Old Navy so I had to commit for
the rest of my costume I had to go home
to my parents house for the weekend
because hey I needed to go to Wisconsin
craft market and pick up some fake fur
and some white felt and some gold
cardboard which seems to be running
theme for me here and B I needed to take
it all home to my childhood bedroom
where I had this like shitty entry-level
sewing machine that was always jamming
because I didn't actually know how to
use it I bought it like take in the
sides of my band t-shirts when I was in
high school so that they'd fit any
better true life I was a body con emo
kid I cut out little felt triangles and
sewed them to my onesie hood to make
little ears and then I cut strips of the
fake fur to sew myself with tail and I
made this like cardboard like Burger
King crown that I stapled together and
put a border of like the fake fur at the
bottom of it and then I sailed off
through the night and day and in and out
of weeks and almost over a year to
become max from where the wild things
are it was real cute and to what sick
party did I wear this work of art the
University sponsored Wray Halloween
which was part of this regular series of
wholesome nighttime crafts if --'tis
that my friend who was on student
government helped organize we're just
gonna roll her to support her and then
go somewhere cooler which was my cover
for sounding like I had anywhere cooler
to go there was pumpkin carving a
costume contest and a ghost tour and of
course of course I entered the costume
contest it was in this little like
theater attached to the Student Union so
they made us all get up on
line up and like dancing around to like
show off our costumes or something I
don't know but I know that I sold it
like I was doing a lot of like roaring
which like my whole MySpace singing
phase had been preparing me for this
moment I thought for sure I'd lose to
the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle group or
the extremely elaborate Marie Antoinette
costume but the judges really yeah we're
biased to DIY so you win $100 which is
enough to buy one and a half pairs of
adult sized footy pajamas there are
unfortunately no photos that exist of
that costume because back then sometimes
you'd have to choose between bringing
your phone and bringing your digital
camera in your little like wristlet
clutch thing and if you didn't bring
your camera you just didn't have photos
so if I wanted to go full metaphor here
I might say that the reason that I love
Halloween is that it allows us to crawl
into some identity try on a personality
that isn't our own learn from it play in
it empathize with it that would just be
pique radish time but no here's why I
actually think that I love Halloween so
much it's because it's one of the few
times that trying really hard is cool I
am a try-hard bitch like everything
about me is full of effort there's not a
single part of me that is laid back I
care I care so much and when I care so
much about my Halloween costume I have
the best costume and everybody loves it
the person who shows up dressed regular
to the party is not the cool kid at the
party it's the person who spent like
seven weeks paper mache together an
astronaut helmet for once carrying is
cool I know that being kind of person
who can't be chill about anything also
makes me the kind of person who doesn't
often get invited to Halloween parties
but it's also the thing that if I happen
to end up at one it makes people glad to
see me there oh and side note speaking
of caring a whole lot what would really
scare me those Halloween is if you
didn't vote Election Day is just over a
week away so if you live in the u.s.
there's a link in the description where
you can check your polling place make
sure that you have everything that you
need to vote I'm gonna be voting early
this week maybe that's something that
you can do too but I also want to say if
you're good if you're already voting you
can still do more you can sign up for a
canvas shift or a phone bank this
weekend to talk to your neighbors about
why they should vote too I'm gonna do it
I'll be out canvassing with my family in
Iowa it's gonna be super fun so do that
and then in comments tell me about your
favorite Halloween costume ever or what
are you gonna be this year because I
still haven't decided if you like this
video to share it with someone else who
you think might like it and I'll see you
soon bye
