hi guys it's Taylor and today is day
three of vlog every day in April so last
weekend I was sitting right about here
drinking some tea and just rolling down
tumblr as you do and I was kind of
thinking that maybe I am doing being 22
wrong most nights I like to spend by
myself
and just kind of hang out and internet
or take a bath or read basically any
solitary and very low-key activity it's
never really been my thing to like go to
bars or to stay out really late or like
leave my house in general I am very much
a hermit and you know for a lot of my
life it's made me feel kind of bad like
it's hard to make friends that way when
you're young sometimes you want to just
be like hey guys let's stay in and like
watch some TV shows and play a game of
trouble and then I'll be home by like 11
p.m. what's wrong with me why don't I
like this thing that other people like
it's kind of just our natural
inclination to connect with other humans
over shared interests thing I have
learned as I've gotten older is that
just because something is fun for other
people doesn't mean it's fun for you and
that's okay but here's the thing though
there's nothing wrong with you it's
really easy to think that especially
when you're the kind of person like me
who just likes to stay home and be by
yourself and be a permit but there's a
lot of people that are just like that
but you never find them because they're
all sitting in their own apartments by
themselves too but that my friends is
what the internet is for it applies to
all sorts of things especially as you
grow up and you're kind of looking
around at everybody else trying to
figure out how it's done cuz we're all
just making it up you might start
thinking you have to be like other
people and you have
to find what they enjoy enjoyable
yourself but if you don't like going to
parties or going skiing or reading the
news whatever it is you don't have to
pretend like you like to do it so stop
trying to convince yourself you do
because you don't you know whatever that
is for you so just know yourself know
what you enjoy and don't waste your time
not doing that alright I'm gonna go
finish my tea you do you and I will see
you tomorrow bye
