my friends it's Black History Month and
if you study Black History Month in
school you may be convinced that only
about five people have done anything of
value in history ever they are as
follows MLK who had a dream Rosa Parks
who got tired on a bus Harriet Tubman
who freed slaves Jackie Robinson who
baseball and George Washington Carver
who fortunately the good people of the
internet have been correcting that
oversimplification for years now Jules
he's been doing it Asante has been doing
it I made a video about black history
you didn't learn in school a couple
years ago but that's not what we're
doing today the way we teach Black
History Month the way that we talk about
Black History is all wrapped up and how
much these people excelled above their
circumstances how they achieved
greatness how they were exceptional and
it makes me think of this video I saw a
black writer and director Kathleen
Collins and it really messed me up she
said how do we divest ourselves from the
need to make ourselves extraordinary the
danger is now that we must be too good
if you've been evil if you've been the
notion of evil incarnated and now you're
trying to correct that balance you make
black people into Saints neither one is
true neither one has anything to do with
reality
who now she was talking about writing
fictional characters but if we're
writing the characters of our history if
I'm writing the character of self that
was a word my history my heroes have
been exceptional so I want to be
exceptional too I've always wanted to be
the best at my job the best at my art I
want to be so good that you can't use my
race or my gender to deny that I'm good
I want to be exceptional so that you're
willing to see the fullness of
Who I am but the backlash of that is
that being exceptional is another kind
of dehumanization in many of my jobs
I've had people treat me like I'm some
kind of rare get like there aren't a lot
of candidates with my background and my
track record who are also black but
that's not even true there are so many
talented black woman
I'm not a unicorn I don't want to be
Unicorn
I don't want black women will save us I
don't want Oprah 2020 between the poles
of mugshots and black panther there are
millions of us who are just regular
dudes so instead of black history for a
moment let's talk about black futures
the way that we associate blackness with
either evil or excellence I wonder if we
can arrive at a future where blackness
is normalized where we're able to be
complex and flawed where we're able to
be everywhere that there are enough
black characters and movies that we
don't even have to like them all but
there are enough black women holding
elected office that you can't name them
all that you've had enough black people
over to your house that you don't feel
the need to always tell me about it I
want a future for black people that
doesn't deal in onlys and first because
if black people can only be exceptional
then we admit that we're an exception
tell me in comments what you want for
the future if you like this video you
can subscribe you can find me anywhere
on the Internet at its radish time if
you want to support me with your coin
you can do that on patreon and I'll see
you next week bye
you
