hi friends so it's in my second to last
semester of college taking a philosophy
of art class part of the requirements of
the class is that you have to tend to
live performances and write about them
but the professor pays for it so he kind
of just picks what you go to the first
trip we go on is to the symphony and
fortunately I'm writing my term paper on
outsiders the art world so I can really
lean into how much I don't understand it
just analyze all the visual cues that
tell me I don't belong here the giant
fancy-pants chandelier on the ceiling
the way that our jeans and sneakers
stand out against the suit jackets and
strings of pearls on the other patrons
the way that we're not allowed to lean
over to our friends and say like hey
what's that thing what's going on during
this part because Shh the art is
happening but the second performance is
a little more accessible it's a play the
Diary of Anne Frank but when the
professor posts the date that he's
buying tickets for my cheeks her golden
anxiety that's the same night that I
have tickets to the mountain goats in
the theater next door
I'm 21 at this point I don't have the
money to buy the tickets to go by myself
on another night and I need to do this
for my grade so I devised a plan night
of the performance we get to the theater
and we pick up our tickets from dr.
Carter I try to pick one it's a few rows
back on an aisle inconspicuous the play
it ends up is preceded by a Q&A with the
director and if you know the actors I
checked the time on my phone I don't
even know what kinds of cues we're
supposed to a without having seen the
show and the later it starts Floyd or
it's gonna finish so at this moment I'm
not super interested to hear you talk
about the set design the play starts
just as the show is starting next door
I'm hoping I can gather enough
information to write my assignment in
the least amount of time as possible so
I'm thinking maybe I can do something
comparing the actual history to the
content of the play or maybe I could
 something about set design I'm
also thinking about how incredibly
disrespectful it is to leave halfway in
the middle of a performance of the Dyer
and Frank but at intermission I excuse
myself to the bathroom wait and there
just long enough to lose any of my
classmates and then slip back down the
staircase to the lobby to the door to
the sidewalk to the entrance to the paps
feeder to a spot on the floor underneath
a giant sparkling chandelier just as the
opening act is finishing but here my
shoes match the sea of carefully curated
to not look on purpose chucks and vans
and Doc Martens my dark blue sweatshirt
fits within the acceptable range of
muted hoody colors here I fit the
unspoken rules the mountain goats take
the stage and my fear about sneaking out
of the play next door dissolve instantly
into the first chords of a song called
up the wolves and halfway through the
set they play something I've never heard
before a song called you were cool it's
never been recorded on any of their
albums and the only way to clear it is
live and listening to it I get a little
teary for the high school originally me
who needed to hear this it's a feeling
that lasts until the end of the show I
ended up writing my philosophy paper on
the ephemerality of live performance the
one thing that you saw is the only time
you'll see it exactly like that
because the lines and the set and the
actors could be the same but their mood
could be different their delivery could
be different the crowd is different
something could go wrong or extremely
perfectly right but it'll never be
performed exactly the same way again so
what you're getting is something rare
and precious and if you can manage don't
miss it in the comments tell me about
your favorite show or play or even
Symphony if you're about that that
you've ever seen live if you like this
video you can subscribe to my channel
you can find me anywhere on the Internet
at its radish time if you want to
support me with your coin you can do so
on patreon and I will see you next week
bye
