hi friends this year was a hard year in
the past maybe year and a half or so
I've either lost or said goodbye to a
job a relationship my grandfather
my dog three cities and another job and
that's before we even get to everything
that's happened in the news I see a lot
of people on YouTube right now are
reflecting on their goals and
resolutions that they set at the
beginning of the year and for me the
only one I set for myself was to heal
not every year can be a car D beer you
know like sometimes all you can do is
just weather the storm but not at the
end of the year I don't want to just
focus on how hard it was I want to think
about the parts of the year that maybe
weren't awful so here are some good
things that happen to me in 2017 in
January I went on a trip to Canada by
myself and mostly what I did was just
walk around in the woods all sad but
traveling alone was kind of a first way
of taking care of myself which was
something that I hadn't been doing
really at all March I moved out of
Seattle and move back in with my parents
in Wisconsin and that was a really hard
decision to make it was really difficult
to say goodbye but I'm really grateful
that I had a family to go home to and a
place to rest and be supported while I
worked on getting better Tim scottson I
was starting to get into better habits
mental health wise that was kind of on
the mend and then in April I got invited
to be a YouTube creators for change
fellow getting the grant was amazing
working on the project was amazing and
especially getting to meet the other
fellows and also talk to you guys about
community organizing was really
fulfilling but getting that email in
April when I was just starting to work
myself out of a really dark and
difficult time did so much to restore my
confidence it made me feel like I could
contribute something to the world again
and it made me feel like I had something
of value to say so thanks YouTube and to
the person who nominated
who knows who she is that really just
meant so much to me in May I was
traveling a ton to New York and DC for
job interviews I turned 26 and I finally
got the job offer that I ended up moving
to New York for my summer was full of
travel in June I went to VidCon and felt
just surrounded by friends in July I
went to London for the creators for
Change impact camp and got to meet just
a ton of really cool and fascinating
people and in August I went to Nashville
to see a solar eclipse Sun slipping
behind the moon for just under two
minutes was a thousand times more
magical than I ever expected it to be I
camped out in a park for like hours to
find a good spot to watch so by the time
the Eclipse was over I was just coated
in this layer of like sweat and grime in
humidity so I think my favorite part of
that day after totality was when
everybody else had kind of packed up and
left the park and it was totally empty
and I got in the water and swam it away
Healing of course is not linear
somewhere after the high of moving to
New York and starting this new job and
worn off I gave up adequate sleep and
picked up flying on the train reading
what happened so in September I started
therapy again and that's a good thing
it's me taking care of my health it's
not always an easy thing to do but it's
good for me and it's helping November I
left my job and started a new one I've
been there for about a month so far but
it's been a really great space now it's
December and I'd be a fool if I didn't
mention the most beautiful thing that's
happened to me all year which is
friendship
I have not historically been good at
making or keeping close friends usually
when I've had friends they've been few
and kind of tenuous like they tolerate
you in groups but they never really want
to hang out with you alone but my god
something has changed I have some of the
best closest deepest friendships of my
life right now and I feel so lucky that
I have people all over the country that
know that at a moment's notice I could
call them at 11 p.m. and cry about my
job or they'll just randomly text me a
tweet that made them think of me and I
can do the same thing for them and it's
not going to creep them out because they
love me just as much as I love them and
only one of them is a person that I ever
went to school with and anyway so if
you're in school right now or you
graduate it and you're worried that it's
impossible to make close friendships I
implore you to hold out hope because I
did not have this ever in my life before
I was 25 you can find your people and
when you find them it'll change every
part of you that's by far the best thing
that happened to me in 2017 it's what I
needed to heal in the comments I want to
hear what good things happen to you in
2017 and I want you to know that me you
were one of them if you liked this video
you can subscribe you can find me
anywhere in the internet at its radish
time if you don't help me make more
videos you can support me on patreon and
I'm gonna take next week off so that I
can go home and spend the holidays with
my family but I will see you in 2018 bye
