my friends I ever scrolling through
Instagram in between pictures of your
friends at brunch and pictures of your
friends campaign field offices you see a
picture of your friends toothbrush well
it's not your friends because your
friends live in a mountain of trash see
a fermented field offices but anyway the
toothbrush is nice it's sleek it's rose
gold
it's tooth brushing for the modern
millennial woman you never knew that you
wanted the fancy toothbrush but now you
want the fancy toothbrush they took a
picture with a cactus this is a
phenomenon that I like to call being
target demoed as in I am the exact
target demographic for this product and
now that I've been shown this product I
must buy it I have no choice because it
was perfectly designed for me a unique
and special snowflake just like all of
the other unique snowflakes with a
velvet headboard and triz of my she is
standing on an interesting floor
patterns on Instagram I get that I'm not
unique but social media adds sure make
me feel that way like I have this
impeccable taste and every product that
they want me to buy is so exactly suited
to all of the facets of me at once so I
asked YouTube's resident algorithm
whisper jarvis johnson to tell me why
instagram is so good at making me five
things if you search for a toothbrush
google has cookies that know that you're
interested in toothbrushes so when an
advertiser goes to buy ads for google
you google can sell them people who are
interested in toothbrushes and it's
based on that information that they have
what happens in practice is that there's
these things called ad networks and they
essentially share and aggregate all of
that data across a bunch of different
websites there's not a lot of value in
just one website knowing about your
actions on that website they have
oversight into all of the ads and how
all of the ads are interacted with
within their network and they can use
that information to build better models
and also to track people across across
different websites every time you take
actions you're like some AI in the
background that lives in the ad networks
unlike Google or Facebook they're
essentially adding adding YouTube a
bunch of different audiences based on
your
based on your activity so there's this
fact article that I'm gonna link in the
description it came out in like April
but I've been thinking about it ever
since it's about how it's not just what
we buy that's being determined by
algorithms but it's also what we like
our actual taste is not a product of our
brains or our guts so much as algorithms
compiling our data and spitting it back
out at us in ever more optimized forms
so maybe it's less the Instagram ads
meet my exact needs so much as they're
creating these exact needs and then Wow
surprise fulfilling them for me and for
everyone else that they think might be
like me because I don't know when the
last time you texted your group chat
about dental hygiene was but when my
friend just texted us all about having
bought the quick toothbrush all four of
the rest of us were like is it good
because I've been kind of wanting that
and that kind of wanting it is no
mistake right because we all probably
paused our scroll just long enough for
Instagram to know about it which means
we've probably got that add more and
then our friend bought it and we're like
yes friend that we trust likes the thing
so I probably will too and sometimes
it's not even a friend we trust
it's an influencer doing spawn con who
feels like a friend we trust oh and none
it is a spun by the way believe me I
asked some of the brands that I'm
talking about and they were like anyway
we have all this info in our heads and
then we DoubleTap the picture and then
that ad follows us around to the rest of
the websites we visit because it knows
where else we are and then the thing
that we might buy starts to seem so
ubiquitous that all the stars are
aligning to tell us to buy the thing if
by stars you need data oh you're also
friends on Facebook so that probably
like plays into it it knows that you're
all connected so that's probably why you
all got the equip toothbrush ad because
you're all in the same audience for it
and if you're if someone buys it that's
a positive signal to it so it's like oh
people are these people are engaging
with the ad so like let me be more like
more aggressive or I'm more confident
that I'm in the right direction when it
gets a win which is like you know a sale
or something like that
it's it's usually like well let's see if
there's anything more here anyway
everyone in my group Chad owns the same
toothbrush now I own two of
because I got target demo all right so
you know that scene in a Devil Wears
Prada where the editor of uncanny valley
Vogue magazine calls out Anne Hathaway
for thinking that she's above fashion
when everything that she wears has been
filtered down through the masses from
what she and other fashion people in the
room have carefully chosen from a pile
of stuff okay I will grant that maybe at
one point and even still a little
everything that we buy and like and wear
was chosen by the invisible and
perfectly accessorized hand of some
fashion editor but now it's more like
Meryl Streep as played by some tack Bros
in San Francisco who are serving the
Asturian sweater because I'm a woman
between the ages of 24 and 35 who lives
in New York has shown an interest in
travel and politics recently listened to
a podcast and has two friends who swipe
through the carousel on an Instagram ad
for it a week ago what's really creepy
to me is when brands that I get target
demo'd for start to release
collaborations together like when made
well the place that I buy my jeans
released it a co-branded suitcase with
away the place that I buy my luggage or
when outdoor voices where I buy my
overpriced workout leggings did a
collection with all birds where I buy my
more reasonably priced but adorably
minimalist workout sneakers at first I
was like hey cool that all these brands
with a similar vibe and style are
finding each other and making more
things that I like but then my workout
sneakers released a collaborative candle
with the place I buy my candles and I
wondered if it was more insidious than
that
I mean sneaker candles like what if
friends choose which other brands to
partner with based on data that they
have about customers like me and where
else we shop and they're like we heard
you like our target demo so you put our
target demo in their target demo and
then sometimes there's a glitch in the
matrix and you get a range of hipster
minion suitcases that exist for exactly
one person at the intersection of two
data universes if you're investing a lot
in these ad campaigns I imagine you have
people on the ground who have accounts
that exist in those audiences my phone
that is a test user who is within this
demographic is getting those ads and
they
they look right and like all that jazz
you would just also see other people's
ads who are targeting the same people if
you were one of those people if like
somebody at a company was seeing a lot
of overlap it might be a signal so like
so like work together so yeah it seems
creepy maybe how absolutely much
advertisers know about us or even
frustrating that all the things we like
aren't because we're so unique and cool
but because we're exactly like everyone
else in our ads audience time to Rage
Against the Machine man but like there's
a reason it works there's a reason we
don't revolt it's because we kind of
like it I mean the alternative is that
we go back to banner ads with weird
autoplay videos and pop-ups trying to
sell me online University classes or
trucks neither of which are things I
require I for one welcome the
singularity of my taste with the ad
targeting algorithms of the internet
because one day they're gonna launch a
glossier pink quit toothbrush with milk
bar birthday cake lip balm scented
toothpaste and I'm gonna be really angry
about it but I'm gonna buy it anyway
after all they haven't let me run so far
in comments tell me have you ever bought
something because of Instagram what are
all the visual cues that you think they
use to appeal to your target demo if you
liked this video please share it with
someone else who you think might like it
because algorithms have no idea what to
do with me and they're not gonna do it
for you all right I'll see you soon bye
