hi friends so hear me out on this one
the internet was a bad idea I mean
obviously don't believe that I'm talking
to you via YouTube dot the Internet calm
so I get it but this morning I woke up
and opened Twitter and started doing the
thing that I do these days where I write
down all the things that I have to call
Congress about because there's too many
you remember off the top of my head then
I delete a few youtube comments about my
appearance and I go try out that
year-in-review thing on Facebook where
I'm politely reminded that one of my
best memories of the entire year is
talking about how we've all been
sexually harassed there's a video it's
rosianna recently made a video about the
internet and communication and I've been
thinking about it all week and trying to
figure out how to comment on it but then
it just kept getting longer and longer
and now it's a vlog script so thanks
rosianna for the content in the video
she talks about how leaving Twitter
improved her mental well-being but now
she's relearning how to communicate
directly and honestly with her friends
instead of just vaguely announcing
things in the direction of the internet
that maybe she never really learned to
communicate in the first place
and she's learning now for the first
time I also am having a difficult time
lately communicating via the social
internet but I think for different
reasons
my first real internet community was a
Fall Out Boy message board and that's
where I learned that online
communication was dope
I started with a fake identity because
that's what you did in 2005 but as I
spent more time there I got to know
people and felt safe to start talking I
got to make friends and talk about how I
was really feeling and be vulnerable all
that good stuff but more importantly it
was fun and if you've heard of memes but
they're these like pictures on the
internet that are like the social
currency and if dad doesn't understand
them they're great I came up in a time
when you'd be getting to know somebody
right and you'd all be gathered around
somebody's laptop and go oMG you've seen
this one and just pull up this weird
flash animation and you'd all laugh and
then somebody else would do it and then
it'd be your turn and
this moment we're over an absurd
animated rap about George Washington
murdering bears that you look at each
other and go the internet for me has
always been a place of wonder and
creativity sure we posture and try to
look cool but we also get to try things
and find people who are the same kind of
weird as we are and invent new subgenres
of absurdist human I get to make a video
about toast drawings and you get to
identify with that for some reason but
that wonder that playfulness that joy
feels almost inappropriate now like if I
were to just jump on Twitter and start
being silly it would feel disrespectful
to all the people hurting from these
huge world-changing shifts that seem to
be happening 17 times a day now instead
we're all just trying to describe all
the things that are changing around us
hoping that it will help us survive and
I think to some degree it's effective at
that it's helping us organize and
mobilize and resist but in times I think
that ingesting all this information
before we get out of bed can be kind of
like a paradoxical undressing you know
when people are freezing to death and
then they start to feel warm and take
off all their clothes we're developing a
hyper vigilance that instead of making
us feel safer is wearing us more thin
and I don't really know what to do the
internet shouldn't be an organizing tool
but I also miss it being a playground I
think an attempt to protect ourselves we
just took all our toys and went home so
tell me in comments do your online
communities feel different now is there
any place left on the internet that
feels good if so let me know I'm looking
for a new playground and of course
despite all of this I believe that a
free and open Internet is incredibly
important and seriously at risk so
there's gonna be links in the
description for how you can fight back
and protect net neutrality this week if
you like this video you can subscribe
you can find me anywhere on the Internet
at its radish time if you want to help
me make more of these videos you can
support me on patreon and I'll see you
next week bye
