hi friends we did it well you did it
well some of you did it you created
changes in your local and online
communities by throwing a party in the
last episode we talked about how the
first step in creating the change that
you want to see is to find some people
to help you get them together and make a
plan but you might as well make it a
little festive while you're at it so I
threw a party to talk about supporting
undocumented immigrants because that's
an issue that really matters to me but
so many of you stepped up to join me for
some of you that meant getting a group
of people together to call or write
letters to your elected officials or
voters and for others that meant trying
to breathe new life into an issue you
cared about for a long time but I'll let
these folks share what issues they
organize around and why so I have a
pretty small apartment most of it is
actually in the frame right now but
luckily I'm on good terms with the owner
of an arcade I gladly let me father
their staff and patrons into hosting an
event which has the aim of showing
people how easy it is to get politically
involved by reducing the barriers to
getting involved
I'm not that kind of person who grew up
with politics in their blood I didn't
you know talk about politics around the
dinner table I didn't really think about
activism when I was growing up and it
wasn't until college where I felt this
call to be more informed and to to be
more active in you know community
affairs it was during the 2012 elections
and I hosted a phone bank in my
apartment in Boston
and got a bunch of my friends together
we ordered a big pizza and sat on the
floor of my living room and made a whole
bunch of calls for two or three hours
though I didn't make an issue
I picked the task of the friends were
gonna come over and we were going to
contact our representatives I know that
I am NOT an expert in any of this but
there are so many people now especially
who are very smart and knowledgeable
putting together very wonderful easy to
digest
like step-by-step instructions of okay
this terrible thing has just happened
here's what you do this in particular I
used the I think it's called the weekly
action checklist for Americans of
conscience and that I picked because it
is in a Google Doc form which was easy
for me to print out a copy of and
distribute to everybody the other
Facebook event right that's the thing
these are organizing events so after you
chose an issue that you cared about you
had to throw a party here's how Nicole
Katrina and margarita got ready for
their big events I pretty much just
looked at my calendar picked a day a
couple days in advance that worked for
me got on Facebook and invited like ten
of my closest friends because I had done
something like this before I already had
like box of cards and pens and stuff
like that this is as you can see very
fancy and very organized also a little
piece of the paper with our
representatives contact information I
just keep that box like in my living
room so it's there and ready to go
whatever I decide to do a thing like
this also ran into Costco after work
before the thing because giving people
snacks and wine is a really good way to
get people to come
to your effect okay with research and
letter-writing materials to help people
contact their federal representatives
about what matters to them all together
we wrote 13 letters to our
representatives and only one persons in
it as a joke so I sent out 12 letters to
our representatives I have the goal of
getting people politically engaged and I
did it I felt bananas because I really
wanted everything to go right I was just
like this has to be perfect and this has
to be for her this has to be perfect and
it really didn't need to be it was just
getting a bunch of people I know knew
and trusted people I knew who cared
about the same thing that I did and
inviting them over for pizza and phone
calls you're not going to be called upon
to know every last thing about what's
happening you're just gonna be
appreciated for wanting to make an
impact okay so here's a twist
Rickie's held in person organizing
events like her captioning workshops but
her organizing started out online which
actually works kind of similarly it
starts by you asking a group of friends
to help you do one specific thing
so Ricky started small just by asking
her friends to share her message online
about asking people to caption and from
there more people started hearing and
talking about captioning and the circle
just got bigger and bigger using digital
tools can help spread your house party
beyond just the room you're in at the
time that you're in it I think that
digital tools are extremely powerful
when it comes to trying to organize or
mobilize people and it doesn't really
need to be complicated it can be as
simple as using the tools that you use
to communicate with other people every
single day you know you can put together
a little email list and you know sort of
send updates about the things things
that you want to do the meetings you
want to have the protest you maybe want
to start tomorrow house I posted the doc
in the Facebook event one of my friends
who wasn't able to come was able to let
go home and do all of the same things
from home after she got done with her
other commitment so that was really cool
and helpful if you have a group chat
where you gossip about people and talk
about the latest episode of Riverdale
like you can so very easily put together
a group chat about you know the cause
that you want to organize for so a
digital house party you can work just as
well as a physical one or it can be a
way to check in on the people that you
invite it over and keep the momentum
going but whether you decide to meet up
physically or digitally get some friends
together and start I want to do this
again I plan to do this again partially
because the smallest box of envelopes I
could buy was a box of 50 envelopes so I
might as well use the rest of those up
but I got to hear people's stories and
learn about what matters to them and I
hope I can use that information to
really better house party next time and
hopefully get more people involved in
political action
afterwards it was like exciting to to
sort of have that great feeling of like
as a group of people we did this thing
given the number of times they have
called my representatives in 2017 you
would think that at a certain point it
would get easier and like less terrible
mostly because it was a group of people
like working together on the thing just
felt far less isolating and how I felt
afterward was you know relieved and
accomplished that I got something done
and was able to get my friends together
to make a whole bunch of phone calls for
candidates I really cared about know
that what you the problem that you want
to solve the change that you want to see
I will drive you and your passion for it
will make everything go well and this is
the last video in this series but it is
not the last time we will be talking
about community organizing on this
channel so subscribe if you want to stay
involved leave your questions for me
Katrina Ricky and a coal or margarita in
the comments and if you're gonna do a
project of your own say hi in the
comments or on Twitter so I can help you
make it happen
Toni Morrison said that if you're free
you need to free somebody else and if
you have power it's your job to empower
someone else and I believe that you and
I and all of us do have the power to
fight back against hate and fix what's
broken in our communities and in our
worlds we just have to decide that it's
our job to do something about it
so what do you say guys are you in
