hi friends so it's always been part of
my personal legend that I'm a solitary
creature I spent summer vacations along
with my books my parents joked that
raising me was like raising a cat you
know that she's more or less okay but
you rarely see her I'd never cut many
friends at a time or for very long I was
an island that's not to say no one ever
helped me but I wasn't aware how much I
needed their help until I was when I
started my old job I was two days in
when they flew us all in from all over
the country to New York for a staff
retreat and I still had that thing of
where like you feel like your lungs
can't expand all the way because I was
in so far over my head and really all
that those three days with my new
coworkers seemed to show me was just how
out of place I was on the last day we
sat in this big circle on too many
chairs squeezed into a tiny conference
room and our boss asked us to talk about
what were your most worried about with
our jobs some say practical things about
tech capabilities or scaling up a
program and training however many
hundred field organizers the guy who
goes before me says he's not worried
about anything and I'm worried that I
don't know what the hell I'm doing or
how I even ended up in this room but my
friend Gabby well she wasn't my friend
yet she was just the other girl wearing
all black at the staff retreat who had
been doing this job already for like a
year
tells me quietly as we're filing into
the elevator to leave the building that
I should talk to her when we're both
back at our respective offices the next
week she calls me from her office in
Pennsylvania and spends an hour and a
half
explaining to me in great detail
everything I needed to know about my job
we brainstormed ways that I could
structure my team she told me all the
things that I should be worried about in
my day to day we talked how to get
people to buy into what I wanted to do
and how to get rid of that feeling like
I was gonna throw up because I was so in
over my head and I felt so guilty for
taking up all of her time because I felt
like it was my fault that I didn't know
enough yet and I knew she was plenty
busy but she said look it's okay to be
worried because that means you take this
seriously
and anyway I don't win unless you also
win and she's right the help that she
gave me someone once also gave to Gabby
and it's something that I tried to pass
on to everybody else that I worked with
because I'm not a pet cat not one of us
is an island and I don't shine if you
don't shine what she made me realize is
that asking for help is nothing to be
ashamed of instead of feeling guilty you
can just be grateful which gets to the
point in this whole video I'm starting a
patreon if you didn't know already
patreon is a site where you can pledge a
dollar or a couple dollars a month to
support your favorite creators and in
return you get little rewards look at my
case I'll make you playlist I'll write
you letters I'll draw you little
drawings of those wonderful stories that
you leave in my comments and it's
something that'll really help me make
more videos and better videos and branch
out into new creative projects that I've
been dying to do I just haven't had the
time or the budget so if you can support
me it would do so much to help keep this
thing going together and I would be so
grateful if you don't want to support me
here you just don't have the money right
now
nothing changes and I appreciate you
being here all the same things like
leaving a comment or sharing a video
with somebody that you think might like
it still mean just as much to me I
promise so there's a link below go check
it out and let me know what you think in
the comments tell me about a time that
you asked for help if you liked this
video you can subscribe you can find me
anywhere on the internet at its radish
time and now you can also support me on
patreon I'll see you next week bye
