I think some nice uber-like yeah I don't
hear whatever like call Congress and
they like post on social media about
calling Congress but then they don't
actually call Congress like be sure post
on social media about Congress 100% and
then you should call Congress so you're
probably wondering how I ended up here
especially when the last real party I
threw that didn't have Disney characters
printed on the paper plates was a
housewarming party in my first apartment
out of college where I bought way too
much cheese put it out on the table and
only five people showed up I'm an
Internet kid not a party person but when
last we met under this fancy creators
for change lighting we learned what
organizing is and I asked my friend just
how I should get started how I could
make a tangible difference and she gave
me an assignment you should have a house
party you call your friends and you kind
of figure out like what's the thing that
we want to change so how did it go well
I bought way too much cheese and only
five people showed up but this time we
made a plan to ask our members of
Congress to give undocumented immigrants
a path to citizenship ain't no party
like an organizing party cuz an
organizing party makes legislative
change what we tell you how I did it and
how you can do it too it just created a
Facebook event to invite people to my
house party next weekend so I'm kind of
nervous I'm scared that nobody's gonna
show up or I'm scared that they're gonna
show up I don't have no idea what to say
or what to do so I'm about to hit the
button I did it okay well it's happening
now it's happening not gonna lie I was
really nervous to do this I'm used to
talking about things that I care about
online but in person it's a whole
different story and I had two main fears
about getting people together to talk
about something I wanted to solve the
first was that no one was gonna show up
and that's kind of a valid fear I
invited 15 people in a Facebook event
and after all the people who were out of
town or just busy or not interested even
the people that said they were gonna
come I was a little afraid they might
flake out I was actually out to dinner
with some friends of friends the night
before and just panicked and invited
everybody there to come to two of the
people who actually showed up to my
party or people that I just
the night before but the moral of the
story here is invite more people than
you think you want they're a small group
is good to start but people will flake
out so plan accordingly I was also
afraid because I'm not a policy expert
in anything I thought that if I wanted
to get people together to do something I
would have to know exactly what I wanted
them to do what I did know is I think
that it's really important that we
embrace and welcome and protect
immigrants and I knew that I was really
angry that daca a system that would give
people who were raised in the u.s. legal
status to go to school and work here was
being taken away so after everyone
introduced themselves at my party I just
led with that
when I think about xenophobia one recent
example is that the Trump administration
recently decided to repeal daca so daca
if anyone in the room doesn't know if
anybody watching it doesn't know was an
executive order that was signed by
President Obama or if you came to the US
as a kid with your parents and you
didn't go through the formal immigration
process now you're adults you're still
living in US this is the only place that
you call home it would allow you
basically to apply for this status that
you could get a work permit you could
get a Social Security number you could
go to school you could work and it lasts
for two years after her new every two
years so basically now the Trump
administration has decided no more dog
oh they're not going to take any more
applications for this program the people
who have it will still have it through
the end of their two-year term but
wouldn't say goes live you can't renew
it anymore and that's wrong for a couple
of reasons one because immigrants are
people and we should care about them
like fiber trove that alone I think I
was in Nevada where there are a lot of
immigrants and I think about all the
people who were knocking doors for us
making calls for us bringing dinner to
office so many of these people were
dreamers were daca recipients and I just
think about all these people who were
our volunteers our advocates our friends
and I feel like they showed up for us
and now we need to show up for them
we actually have a chance to make sure
that people are protected in their
status we need to make a big as big a
deal of this as we did like for the
health care repeal attempts where
everybody got on the phone and they
called the representatives and it was
like this big huge swell of support and
I want to make sure that we do the same
thing for the DREAM Act which is a bill
that would make sure that people who
meet the requirements for daca they
could get green cards and after a
certain period of time they could apply
to become citizens which right now
there's no way for people who have daca
to become citizens so what I kind of
want to talk about with you guys today
is how do we make sure that everybody
knows about this and is fired up about
this as they were for health care and
are making calls and then is there other
stuff that we should be trying to do
besides just thinking people make calls
I just shared what I knew and asked a
question and you don't have to have all
the answers either that's what a house
party is for you can invite people who
know more than you or just have
different backgrounds and perspectives
and you let the whole of your collective
knowledge be greater than the sum of its
parts you can also do a little research
ahead of time and look at organizations
and nonprofits that work on the issue
that you care about they might have
things on their website like fact sheets
ideas for actions you can take even
sample meeting agendas if you want to
have a house party of your own but once
you open up your question to the group
remember to listen and let the magic
happen it seems like if there's a
bipartisan effort where are the
roadblocks that you know what's
preventing it from coming you know the
bill being introduced you know as
quickly could be it's not just whining
the DREAM Act just come up for a vote
which we do it's what people will call
clean dream and a clean DREAM Act means
that it's not tied to any other bills
that's really really important because
otherwise the DREAM Act
enjoys like honestly I just heard this
and
like I tweeted like I had to reread this
again because I didn't believe it the 79
percent of Republicans agree with the
Jame Act they want to pass the DREAM Act
it's really important that we don't have
an immigration bill that dream is tied
to enforcement because then it means
we'll have to like what we people call
it bargain for a dream and then like get
the wall that's really bad that's the
worst possible outcome for everybody
because dreamers shouldn't be a
bargaining chip a lot of that work
teenagers are in their 20s are in their
30s their early 30s and that's the time
when you're planning like where do I see
myself going educationally at work
moving with my partner whatever the case
might be like how do you plan first of
all it must be scary to be able to only
plan your life two years in two year in
increments but then also to lose that
and to say I don't even know if I'm
gonna have this country that I call my
home my family my support networks and
resources in a week or six months and
it's how do you how do you set yourself
up for the success that your know you
know you're capable of if you don't have
those resources available or you can't
count on them I think it's really
incumbent on you know these community
forces such as like yeah churches and
schools to really I mean they're the
ones there they're supposed to support
the community everyone in the community
has been really touching what I've seen
you know just places where they're just
you know open arms to everyone a lot of
friends who were like sociologists and
colleges lawyers they do a lot of things
and like Human Services and so I feel
like now it also be a really good time
like if you have the capacity but donate
whatever type of thing you do I think
the only thing I would just add that's
really important is the program people's
daca starts expiring next week so it's
not like it's gonna go away like you
know while it goes away right now and
there has like really material changes
in their life so it means that they
don't have work authorization
times some people being able to do
things like have a driver's license and
buy homes on daca
and so don't know I'll be able to drive
their car the changes in their lives
will be totally immediate so one thing I
like to think about in addition to all
things we need to do around Congress and
like sort of the access and privilege
that I have as a citizen how can I use
that in support of daca recipients but
also like my friends gilad friends who
have doctoral recipients and like they
might lose their jobs so how can you
help
at personal levels to I think is really
really important I knew most of
Ephraimites
I do realize like how quickly some of
that's gonna start expiring and so it
not even just thinking about like can
drive a car you lose your job like
literally your whole life that's a big
deal I tried to listen more than I
talked some of the people in the room
were really knowledgeable about
immigration and others were still pretty
new to the issue but even they had great
ideas to add in fact having people in
the room who weren't professional
campaigners was really helpful for us to
figure out the limits of what we thought
we could do and I'm not saying you
should ever feel confined by any limits
because organizing is such a powerful
tool but it's important to remember that
this starts with our families and our
friends I'm less you know but I've been
here maybe I've been here a really long
time and like you know we're not immune
to having insight and we're going it's
intimate and so I know people my family
who like are like yes and then back and
when we let comments like that pass from
people that we know that that makes us
part of the problem because it's not
cool for people to see that and I think
that's really hard to talk to somebody
that you know especially like you know
it's like your mom or your grandpa or
your uncle or whatever you know it's
like uncomfortable to have those
conversations but I think those
conversations are really really
important I don't know that I'm gonna
persuade anybody but I do know that I
want one I don't ever want to be
associated with anti-immigrant sentiment
not ever but also like somebody's gonna
look at it and even if I won't
personally them I hope I do
um like I think just a little bit I
think if that is like truth-telling in
love and I think that really is the best
way to like even if in that moment it
doesn't change that person's mind other
Facebook friends who are reading those
comments or your like little cousin
who's sitting on the other side at the
table and just like overhearing like it
might sit with them and it might be the
beginning of a series of conversations
but I think it's important for folks who
maybe are not experiencing the same
sorts of risks and have their own
privilege maybe because they are
citizens or whatever the case might be
to really talk to and with folks who are
at greater risk and find out how they
can use their own voices to sort of like
amplify the experiences of others I have
left
Thanksgivings crying of talking about
Ferguson and police violence and like
people not getting it and that feels
very very personal to me so it's really
hard to put myself in that space but I
always appreciate when I see other
people doing it and like I also notice
when they're not I notice when they're
silent but then there are also just a
ton of really really brave and
courageous activists who speak up all
the time I meant one of the women that
we work with all the time in Nevada her
name is Astrid Silva she's a dreamer and
she's always writing and speaking and
talking about this issue and like maybe
it's not me saying like did you guys
know it's me like saying here's what
Astrid has to say about it and I stand
behind her and I support her and like if
you have problems like come talk to me
but also being like super respectful of
how much like emotional labor and
they're putting forward and how much
they are putting themselves out there
and life can be really tiring
do you want to go back to calling
Congress yes when Congress really
matters a lot because like literally in
congressional offices people tally up
the calls that they receive and like
I work on this issue all the time we've
heard from professional offices that
like they're getting a lot of calls from
anti-immigrant forces and not as many
calls from pro-immigrant forces and like
it's not scientific like that is what
they report to the representatives and
they say your constituents don't want
you to support this and then they don't
support it and you are capable of
calling Congress it's like that it's
literally that simple and I think like
people feel like you're gonna talk to
somebody like maybe you're gonna talk to
your Congress person you're not gonna
talk to your hungers person you're gonna
like an intern like the intern all the
intern wants to do is like get you off
the phone they think that you have to
know like a ton about the issue but you
could literally call and be like I
support dreamers please support a clean
DREAM Act I live at this place and that
is enough you can put that pressure on
you know what's going on and I don't
know good even the or I do agree with it
because though it looks like a really
important for is one thing that you can
do especially if you live in a state
where your Congress people are already
in support of this is make sure that not
just your calling make sure that your
family is calling to make sure that your
friends are calling so like I'll do my
little tweet and be like I just called
Congress I like to tag my friends back
home in Wisconsin where there is a
Republican senator and I'll be like hey
like Ian just have you called yet mom
dad would be called yeah and like keep
asking them yeah keep asking them until
they say yes but I get a lot of fun
anxiety but one thing that's really
helpful for me is I love when like
different organizations or activists or
whatever posts like scripts that like
totally makes everything seem so much
calmer and I'm like oh my god this is
only gonna take five seconds and I see
right in front of me when I was
to say and then you just do it and
you're done and it's beautiful then once
we've thrown a bunch of ideas at the
wall I tried to summarize it out loud so
that we could come up with our action
plan what I'm gonna do this next week is
I'm going to call my representatives
every day I'm gonna find some people to
talk to in my internet circl
about why this matters to me even if
it's a difficult conversation I'm gonna
make sure that you know every person who
might follow me or know me who is
affected by this who knows that I'm with
them and be really book about that and
I'm going to use the Facebook event that
I created for this to check in on all of
you guys and see what you guys are doing
and then does anybody else have thoughts
or plans or ideas that they're gonna do
this coming week
it's be pressured by you I think I
definitely want to get in on the calling
representatives you know like in my head
I've got all these ideas or things that
look like pose and it just uh but
support things I think I also want to
like make a push I think what I'm gonna
do is first of all make you hold me
accountable to overcome my phone anxiety
maybe I'll just like come into your
office and be like I'm gonna sit here
and call my representative and you're
gonna watch me and then also I think you
know as someone who does advocacy work
as like my nine-to-five job I think it's
really important that that I make sure
that people who were impacted by the
administration's decisions on taka
are represented and the work that I do I
think I've forgotten to check in with my
friends who are daca recipients and it's
really hard
the other thing I'm gonna do is donate
to hurricane relief because if you live
in Houston Berto Rico Florida the Virgin
Islands like all of those places are
definitely places where you also mean
like me I've come from those places and
may have daca and so like I can't
imagine what it'd be like if you're
losing your status and you wouldn't
and talk to their family like that
sounds like a lot so I'm gonna do that
too and then the party was over I
survived and I got to go back to my cozy
little internet bubble with all my
leftover cheese but I followed up and
that Facebook event I created every
single day that week both with the
people who were there and the people who
couldn't make it to tell you the truth I
did feel a little annoying going in
there every day like who made their
calls to Congress today just tagging
people and being like hey I called did
you and then doing that the next day and
the next day and the next day but here's
the thing if I didn't do it nobody else
in my little circle was going to take it
upon themselves to do it I love them but
it's true and remember organizing is
taking the responsibility to make things
better it's saying somebody has to step
up and do the thing so that's gonna be
me
even if the thing isn't organizing the
protests or leading the movement even
that the thing is just getting together
all of your friends and saying hey make
your calls okay you find what needs
doing and you do that little Wonder
Woman scene in your head and say that's
what I'm going to do so I want you to
give this a try but if you're still not
totally comfortable jess has a couple
extra tips for you bonus points if you
go through the list and you see what I
did well and what I should do a little
better next time one you should be like
Taylor and have food because it's just
better when there's food and drinks I
think it can be really intimidating if
it's your first time to do with a lot of
people so like Taylor I would keep it
pretty small make sure that you have at
a time where you're not going to be
stressed out so like sometimes people
try to do it like right after work too
close and they don't have time to get
home from work and then get ready for
the party and most of the time people
are a little scared on their first try
so make sure that you don't you aren't
stressed out and then your guests won't
be stressed out too the last thing is
this is literally the most important
thing is make sure you have a sign-in
sheet and make sure you make a hard ask
so the sign-in sheet is like just like
getting everybody's name and phone
number so you could follow up with them
and make sure
they're doing the things that you asked
them to do when you give the hard ask so
hard ask is a term that we use in
organizing that means we at the end of
the party you want to say this was like
something like this like wow it was so
great everybody came I'm really feeling
really passionate and inspired and next
week I'm gonna make calls to Congress
and I'm hoping that you'll join me in
making calls to Congress too and then
don't say anything just wait and then
everyone will they'll join you just wait
and look at them but you want everyone
to commit verbally or like or not or
something but really want them to say it
out loud so you'll see I'll do it one
more time just so you can practice too
so wow they're feeling so passionate and
inspired after our house party this week
I'm gonna call Congress every day I'm
hoping you'll join me and call Congress
every day too
will you and don't say anything and then
after that make sure that you follow up
with people and make sure that they call
Congress because if all five of us
called every day for the next week
that's actually a lot of calls and and
then if we did that for one week the
chances that we would do it and ask our
friends do with the next week are
probably pretty high and that's the kind
of thing we need to make sure that we
pass clean DREAM Act all right so my
hard ask for this video is that I hosted
a house party about a cause that I cared
about and I hope you will host one too
William pretty soon I will be back with
another episode in this series showing
you what some of your house parties look
like and if you're planning to host one
in which you should be let me know what
your questions are or even what advice
you have down in the comments if you
like this video you can subscribe to my
channel you can also find me pretty much
anywhere on the internet at its radish
time and I will see you next week bye
