hi friends my junior year in college I
got a job as a writing tutor and the
room that we worked in the library
became like home to me three weeks out
of every month my job consisted mostly
of eating lots of pretzel sticks and
drawing otters on the whiteboard but
then one week a month maybe two or three
days before they were due all the
freshman composition assignments came in
and we'd have back-to-back appointments
with all these newbies who were hungry
to do well but unequivocally thought
they were bad writers one of the first
things that you do in a tutoring
appointment is you ask the reader to
read their paper to you out loud and I
remember how one by one they each turn
the shade paler at the thought of not
only having to show me their work but
having to say the words that they wrote
out loud like they owned them I used to
feel the same way about writing in high
school I filled up so many notebooks
with writing that wasn't necessarily
good but it wasn't bad for a 10th grader
and it was mine and then I entered it
into a writing contest at my school even
though I won the contest I started
hearing all this gossip about how the AP
English kids really hated it and so I
didn't show my writing to anybody who
wasn't grading it for years when I
realized I hated my advertising major
I was scared to switch to English
because of all that writing but I ended
up in an advanced composition class but
I used to dread because we would split
up into groups of four and every week
for the entire semester we had to read
our work out loud to that group and it
was terrifying but I realized by like
assignment two that with people giving
me feedback on how to revise my work and
actually taking it I ended up with some
pretty decent stuff I liked it enough
that I switched to a writing major and
got a job helping people do the same
thing that that class had done for me
the thing that I heard most often when I
talked to writers was that they felt
stuck like they just couldn't even get
started or that they'd run into some
sort of wall where the writing just
couldn't get better
that's what reading out loud is for you
start by asking the writer to explain
their
assignment and their thesis or argument
and maybe they can't quite articulate it
yet but you talk through it out loud and
good tutoring ends up being like holding
one end of a ball of yarn and letting
the writer unravel and untangle it until
they see exactly how to get from their
end of the string to yours finally they
get to the surprise reveal of the point
that they were trying to make all along
and you write that down on the piece of
paper you've had in front of you the
whole time taking notes and you circle
it and say start there now you're not
stuck anymore you can rewrite and revise
reading my work out loud helped me to
you it helped me untangle my thoughts
enough to see that maybe my original
thesis didn't hold up that my short
stories were emo trash and therefore I
was a bad writer but I couldn't support
that with evidence I rewrote and revised
my understanding of writing and of
myself to realize that there are so many
genres and forms and ways to be a writer
so fiction wasn't my thing but I liked
introspection and I like telling stories
that were true so I circled that in my
notes and decided to start there in the
comments tell me something that you once
believed about yourself that you had to
revise also ask me your questions about
writing I might save those for a future
video if you liked this video you can
subscribe you can also find me pretty
much anywhere on the internet at its
radish time I will see you next week bye
