hi friends I get kind of bewildered by
mountains when I first moved out west my
familiar rolling hills leafy green trees
and patchwork farmland broke open into
this massive expanse of dizzying sky I
could sort of handle it they told me
about the sky there was too much of it
but I figured it would kind of close
back up again on the other side where
all the people lived but what I wasn't
prepared for was the mountains the first
one we drove up pushed my 2001 Honda
Civic to the absolute limits of its
ability and as we tilted upward and
upward I thought I might very well die
here if the car just decides to not and
we go careening backwards off a cliff I
made it over the mountain obviously but
from then on they were always at the
edges of my vision reminding me the
world was too big for me one thing
you'll notice if you drive through the
West is the giant letters on the sides
of mountains I saw them in Montana and
Nevada in Utah and Idaho in Washington
and Wyoming I'd be driving and driving
and there's been nothing but huge piles
of brown rocks maybe patched with a
little bit of greenish yellow graphs or
striped through a thread and then out of
nowhere there just be a giant L or an M
or a B a little higher than halfway up
painted onto the rocks look they're like
really everywhere there's even a map I
spent a lot of time on those car trips
googling what those letters stood for
like if there was some kind of cool
conspiracy theory scavenger hunt where I
could find them all and figure out what
they spelled but most in time it's just
the first letter of the name of the town
or maybe the name of the university or
high school or their mascot like they're
notable but notable in the same kind of
mundane way as maybe like the giant rock
in front of my high school that
everybody spray-painted or maybe in your
family the hotel lobby where your sister
took her first steps when you guys went
in to use the bathroom there's our big
rock see you can tell it's ours because
we put a big letter on it they kind of
fit this in Seattle too with Mount
Rainier like it's way too steep and
snowy to stick a giant ass
on the side but people refer to in
conversation like it was a coffee shop
for a stop sign
it wasn't Mount Ranier it was just the
mountain and it was less a giant
geological feature than a way to tell
the weather is the mountain out means is
today cloudy or clear can you see the
mountain in the distance or is it
obscured by too much fog there's even a
Twitter account about it and I know that
there are people out there who
appreciate mountains for their sheer
size like the kind of person who puts
let's go on adventures in their tinder
bio loving the outdoors is one thing but
compared to where I'm from you're
outdoors it's like an entirely different
planet and I don't think I'm the only
one who mountains still make me feel
small and out of place as if the rocks
were just teamed up out of the earth
right in front of me and maybe that's
why we stick letters on their side to
claim them in relationship to ourselves
to put them on a human scale make them
small enough to look at without feeling
dizzy so tell me in comments how you
deal with feeling small or out of place
if you liked this video you can
subscribe you can also find me at its
radish time pretty much anywhere on the
internet and I will see you next week
bye
you
