my friends so we're gonna start today's
video with a bit of an apartment tour
because my apartment is what I would
finally consider finished let's go
alright guys so this is my apartment and
you walk in and here's my door with all
of my little
instagrams printed out on it this is
just a big closet here you have my
bookshelf with all of my books my camera
gear over here is my bed and my
Wisconsin flag and my bedside table with
a lamp alright which is a new thing for
me
so I don't fall asleep with all the
lights on here's my bathroom I got
myself a little rug my hair curlers on
the floor over here is where I was just
filming a video so my tripod still up
and my laptop is still there at my desk
but my desk is nice
there's my little Corgi mug and this is
my favorite part this is some art that I
got from an artist when I was living in
Seattle and these pictures were actually
up on the wall of the juice shop for
like months and months and then they
were gone and so I bought a couple of
the same prints and I got a candle and a
plant cuz I'm fancy this is my kitchen
it's tiny and there's dirty dishes over
there so we're not gonna look at that
but because it's a tiny I got a little
shelf thing where I keep all my dishes
and I can use that surface to cook on if
I want to cook which I'm trying to do a
little bit more of but yeah
this is where I live and I really like
it it's tiny but it's mine
like what I've done with the place what
make the apartment done by the way is me
putting my art in Friday's finally you
can sound like hundreds of dollars on
framing but I just bought two frames for
$28 at Michael's and just did it myself
I bought furniture some lot of it took
like a month to recycle the cardboard
boxes I hung up pictures I got plants
even and it's kind of a lovely change of
pace because in the past two years I've
moved around so much that every home
felt temporary I shed more and more of
my belongings with each move first
everything that I owned could fit in the
smallest size u-haul and then everything
that I owned could fit in a 2-door Honda
Civic and then everything that I owned
could fit in a couple of suitcases so
it's weird to be in the opposite trend
of getting more things as kind of a
minimalist it's not really like many I
signed a one-year lease in July and in
mid-september when I got my kitchen
counter I thought if I move in nine
months is it even worth getting a piece
of furniture that might not even work in
my next apartment but then I remembered
the advice that I got from an old
campaign buddy of mine when I was
sleeping on an air mattress on the floor
if it compared motel room in Las Vegas
he'd been at this kind of work a lot
longer than I had moving every year to
every six months for nearly a decade and
he told me that in that kind of work or
maybe even just in your 20s as my friend
Asante I'm sure gonna test you you've
gotten a habit of taking the shitty
apartment or the air mattress on the
floor and saying
it's just a year I can put up with this
for only a year but then five years of
your life pass and you've been sleeping
on the floor and your neck hurts and you
can't have anybody over and then you
move yet again and I think yeah so this
is why we can't have nice things
he told me your whole life is made up of
only a year after only a year get a real
mattress so I did and now I've got an
actual bed frame too and dusk bookshelf
in a chair and pictures and actual
picture frames I don't say this just to
brag about all the nice stuff I have I'm
saying this because I realized that all
of it is new to me allowing myself to
settle in instead of settling allowing
myself to go out of my own way to make
myself comfortable to see myself and my
worth is more permanent I'm 26 which is
still relatively young but old enough
that there's no excuse for letting
myself get stuck in the trap of just
thinking that my actual real life will
begin at some undetermined point in the
future even if I were to move in the
next year or the next month it's nice to
sit in my actual bed and look at my
actual arts and actual picture frames
and think hey I'm here so tell me in
comments some things that makes your
home feel like home also if you didn't
catch my video from last week please go
give it a watch it's one of my favorite
things that I've ever made and I need
your help to help make the next episodes
all you have to do is invite some of
your friends over and then talk about a
thing that you'd like to change in the
world and then just somewhat quick video
either of your little get-together or of
you talking about what it was like
afterward if you want to do that if you
want to help me make a future video the
link to participate
the description if you like this video
you can subscribe you can also find me
pretty much anywhere on the internet at
its ratchet time and I'll see you next
week bye
