hi friends I'm here with Jackson bird so
if you're new here something that's
really important to me is the personal
stories that we tell ourselves about who
we are I think it's a really important
way that we shape our reality I like to
call them personal mythologies and I
like to ask other people when I meet
them or when I'm getting to know with
them or when I'm filming a video with
them what their personal mythologies are
so Jackson what is a word or a
characteristic or an idea that you think
defines you what I'm gonna go with is
that I'm an avid reader I was always
reading more books are more excited
about reading than like other kids in my
class but I don't think I really
realized it until I was in fourth grade
and we were looking for a new house so
we were like visiting houses and being
shown around my brokers or whatever I
didn't really understand the process I
was naughty but we were looking at this
house and they had maybe a cool look or
something
and my mom was just like Oh Jackson
you'll love that because he's such a
reader he's just reading all the time
she was like saying to the the real
estate agent and I listened to that I'm
like I'm a reader I look I love reading
I like reading more than other people to
the extent she's like bragging to the
real estate agent and then I thought
about it was like yeah okay yeah I guess
I do I'm a reader all right and I just
really took it on as like yeah I love
books this is a part of me now but my
mom said it was first question did you
end up living in the house with the Nook
no but the house we ended up in actually
did have these really cool like two
windows that had the little bench thing
I know starting in middle school reading
became a bit harder for me I think was
an attention thing I just could not pay
attention to books so from sixth grade
through college I very rarely ever
completed a single reading assignment I
still thought of myself as a big reader
and I would read a lot outside of class
I don't know if it would have continued
to be true if I hadn't had that like
positive reinforcement I might have at
some point been like in reading English
writing like it's not really neat but it
like it became a part of my identity
which meant that it was something I
wanted to do well that I wanted to
succeed at and it was like my thing my
whole thing's like I'm a writer
and I tried to run from it for so long I
don't know what to do with my life and
like I kind of I to paraphrase Hamilton
write my way out of it
but like has that ever been kind of
something that you looked to when you're
trying to figure out what to do
maybe I mean so I have a very similar
narrative to you and then the reading is
like really wrapped up in the writing
and so like that's the my mom saying
that when we were looking at that house
is like the tentpole moment in my memory
but there's a lot that followed it of
just like you know winning awards for
writing and teachers like saying this is
the only subject that you're really good
at and you know being allowed in the
advanced classes for English but then
being like I don't know if you should do
that for math and science Oh someone
starting a literary magazine I guess
I'll be involved because I'm the
literature person but the weird thing
that happened was after I graduated
college and got involved in the
professional world he wasn't a part of
what I did I realized my co-workers have
no idea that like I enjoyed writing and
that like it was a thing I had a history
of success at and this was partially
because I was always like I don't want
it falling to you for copy editing
really yeah I don't want to write the
copy on the website someone else do that
yeah so they just thought I hated
writing and that was a really weird
identity thing for me I kind of
abandoned a lot of parts of what I had
had his identity markers growing up when
I was a young adult it's been a weird
process of kind of bringing writing back
into my life and there are times where I
feel like like I'm rusty and so a couple
of years ago I got on some anti-anxiety
medication and was able to finish a book
for the first time in years wild yeah I
know right it's like having proper
diagnosis is actually effective into
people's lives who knew I started be
able to read books and now I read close
to 50 books a year and like my friends
and I formed a book club and I make
booktube videos sometimes and so that it
has become a part of my life again after
having that period of like still feeling
like a reader but not being a
very good one I am really into like
wanting to read all these books that I
want to read and when I'm going about my
day and what my priorities are sometimes
my priority is I want to finish this
book so and gets the next one and that
in no way pays the bills
yeah right and so I really wish I could
get paid for reading because that's what
I really like to do so part of the
hesitation in saying I don't know if
this is what I eat what I am was because
I was like I don't know am I good enough
reader to say no like I'm a reader but
then also because it's not a job why do
you think that it has to be a job to be
like I grew up in a capitalist society
and the only kind of identity I know is
one that makes you money if readings not
a job for you how do I make it a job
that we're gonna figure out I just wanna
be the Instagram that everybody has
where it's like a girl on a cozy sweater
and a mug of tea holding a book I'm like
a pristine they all sunlight streaming
because no the sunlight and the white
walls in all the Instagram people's
houses how do they do that I'm just like
I don't know what else you have to do
all day with that that sounds great I
would have somebody I would hire
somebody to take photos of me while I
read books with a mug of tea I don't
know if I could get the messy bun that
perfect ha ha ha ha but I would try yes
not what that would be worth it that's a
career path I'm definitely also a book
collector so I always imagined you know
someday if I get to be a homeowner and I
want to have you in the beasts library
with the sliding oh yeah that'll be more
about the size of this room you have
lots of Big Chill didn't I've always had
this image of me like as an old man like
sitting in my room that is my library
like you know in a little chair with my
tobacco pipe in a good yeah yeah maybe a
glass of whiskey good table
that's always been my image of me and so
that's me as a reader in the future what
do you think is like the best or the
most important or most valuable thing
that being a reader has brought to your
life
oh wow maybe one this is a little bit
like I'm Howard reading like I mean
reading brings so much value I mean
definitely in terms of like
representation or getting to escape into
worlds of getting to learn about other
people's experiences so when I was in
high school in college I was like I
didn't really read why I kind of scoffed
at it I was like I'm a serious reading
now I was like yes yeah but I did the
same thing I'm gonna read through the
Canon mm-hmm yeah I'm reading all of the
classics which are all same weight news
yeah because that's the best place that
I find right now for like finding oh yes
like I'm not finding it and like adult
fiction that much mmm because I'm like
oh man if this book was around me 16
things would have been so much more
sense so Tran that's why I love ya2 like
you know I try to push myself to read
more diversely mm-hmm it's a lot easier
to do that in Y a then in adult fiction
and then I like watch booktube and I'm
like oh like I I'm not a reader their
readers yeah does that does that
comparison ever happen to you you know
people who have
I guess read all the books that I feel
like I should have read you know like
their readers are the ones who just
consume so many books in a year and I
guess I consume a lot of books in here
but a lot of them are middle grade books
or graphic novels are I read a lot of
yaa yeah which I won't apologize for in
any way yeah look I love that industry
all over the community but yeah I
definitely look at people like that I'm
like oh there they are serious readers I
mean I think one thing that I really
learned is to not be discouraged if you
have trouble reading in school because I
did and somehow still enjoyed it you
know like find what you can read okay
find what is enjoyable and enriching to
your life and don't be ashamed if it's
like why a books or middle grade or
graphic novels or comics or whatever
you're like any ordinary day online like
so much whether it's fanfiction or news
or like whatever
reading is reading and it's gonna lead
you to different things whether that's
other types of reading or just like
greater ideas and thoughts in your head
thanks so much for sharing your story
thank you for having me on working
people find you I am Jack is not a bird
on YouTube Instagram Twitter wherever
you wanted to follow me on in the
comments tell me a story about how
reading has played a role or has it
played a role in your life
oh I'm excited to read those yeah yes I
don't need them but I want them if you
liked this video consider subscribing
you can find me everywhere on the
Internet at its radish time you can find
jacket Jack it's not a bird we also did
a video on Jack's channel where I asked
him some questions about what it's like
to be trans Hey
so go check that out and I'll see you
soon bye bye oh yeah because you have
become like
