hi friends a couple weekends ago I went
home to Wisconsin and went up to the
lake for Labor Day weekend and here's
what I did when I was there I read books
on the couch I read books on the pier
Pei is one of those like stand-up paddle
boards and paddled around the lake while
my dad chased behind me in a kayak call
me Mona I took pictures of my parents
dog and napped
I read books in bed it really wasn't
much there was so much I could have done
but didn't and that was kind of the
point
sure I peeked at my work emails on my
phone a little bit but on Saturday
I slept in till 9:00 a.m. which is late
for me and later in the afternoon I
realized I still felt tired so I just
went to sleep again for like two hours
I've seen Evelyn talk a little while ago
about the whole Instagram caption
phenomenon of they sleep we grind she's
like they sleep and I'm also gonna sleep
that concept they sleep we grind is so
indicative of the American Protestant
work ethic the one that says idle hands
are the devil's playground that says the
more we work the more moral we are the
one that holds busy like a badge of
honor how are you
oh really busy like a way to say that
I'm doing well I'm a good person I'm
willing to give up my body's basic
functions for a perception of success
besides how are we gonna afford that
gold Boyle hustle hard mug off of Etsy
if we don't put in the extra hours I get
it I've been known to be up at 5:00 a.m.
trying to edit a video before work I'm a
definite victim of the game of office
chicken we're like 6:00 p.m. hits and
everybody just keeps working because no
she's gonna be the first person to eat I
have several therapists who will tell
you that there's a direct link between
how much work I do and my sense of
self-worth I've one tell me like you're
too good of a capitalist do you know
that you yourself not at any kind of job
have a value I'm like not really like
God did it feel good to do nothing just
sleep told read or stare out at the
Turtles bobbing around in the water not
even knowing about a push notification
at the most googling what's the
difference between a heron and a crane
what it is is that herons have like a
little curve and their neck whereas
cranes are just like now that I'm back
in the city I am doing the most yet
again I'm plenty busy but busy is not a
virtue I'm gonna try to do nothing more
like Jesus be a solid seven hours of
sleep you know so tell me in comments
but last time that you did nothing or if
you can't remember the last time make
there be next time I'll see you next
week not on Sunday but on Monday because
I've got a special project coming out
I'm really excited for you to see it so
I'll see you then bye
you
