- it's not - on 3rd or 4th grade you got
an assignment in your social studies
class to make a family tree you write
down your parents your grandparents your
great-great grandparents and where they
came from you have to call your grandma
on the phone and ask her questions about
where you're from maybe below your tree
write a little paragraph about their
story
great great however many greats grandpa
Becky got in a boat and he sailed across
the ocean he didn't know anyone he
didn't have anything imagine your dad
says to you how bad things would have
been what type of person it would take
for you to be to leave behind your
home.we behind everything you know you
walk around school with your friends
signing up fractions they're half Irish
is half English is one-eighth Germans
quarter Polish quarter French you're
half German half African you don't have
stories on your mom's side for reasons
we don't like to talk about in third
grade social studies your parents go see
the movie Brooklyn about a young woman
who leaves Ireland to go find work in
New York you should go see it your dad
tells you it's beautiful he says an
incredible story imagine your dad says
to you leaving behind your family
knowing you might never see them again
being all alone in a new place where you
have nothing and nobody we've been
behind everything you know you leave
home you move across the country your
same country once
another and another time each time you
cry so much your eyelids hurt you still
see your family every four months or
seven
imagine leaving everything there's no
way you can't you start a new
job and the first thing that you have to
do is write some blog posts about a girl
named Kylie thaw she's ten years old and
her parents can you work across the
parking lot from a woman named Astrid
who is braver than you and worked harder
than you and tries to get everybody to
imagine how she was once a little girl
like Carla who once had parents like my
great great however many greats
grandpa Venky who left everything behind
except nobody made a nice movie or a
school project about them even in how I
tell it I know that we treat them just
like stories not like people either
heroes or villains imagine what it would
be like we say as if immigrants are some
sort of mythical creature and not real
flesh and real blood we list off our old
fractions as if to say you're not a
whole person America loves an immigrant
story but do we love immigrants this
week with the Department of Justice
announcing the repeal of daca
we certainly don't act like we do if
you're in the u.s. you can help change
that call your members of Congress tell
them to support the DREAM Act tell them
that you support daca and a path to
citizenship for undocumented people ask
them can
you imagine being forced out of your
home leaving behind everything you know
they can't in the comments tell me about
your friends your family about the
immigrants you know and love if you like
this video you can subscribe you can
find me pretty much everywhere on the
internet at its radish time and I will
see you next week
