hi friend and congratulations to the
class of 2017 special shout out to my
brother just got his master's in
education we're inside today because
it's raining so it's that time of year
again we're clips of notable people
giving commencement addresses starts
floating around the internet and I like
to give them a watch even though I've
long since graduated as just a general
reminder to believe in myself and wear
sunscreen and also because the speaker
when I graduated college was Bill Cosby
and we don't talk about that the student
speaker at my graduation however was me
I don't remember what I said only how I
said it which was in that voice where it
sounds like you're just about to cry
even though you're not about to cry so I
looked it up for you an excerpt of my
graduate wisdom wait hold on
we are here because we are brave we are
here because we are lucky it is with the
bravery to chase whatever it is we love
ignoring all the voices that tell us
that it is impossible and the good
fortune to have built up such supportive
communities around ourselves that we
graduate today we may miss our time at
Marquette on these days it can be hard
at times so you optimistic about what is
ahead but remember the people we've met
here the strengths and resilience we've
built up here you do not go away we're
ready so as we step out of these doors
into our futures certain or uncertain we
do it bravely and we do it together it
has the correct ingredients for the
genre a little false congratulatory a
little hopeful for the future
maybe a little more than a touch corny
but it's what I needed at the time
white-knuckling the podium to hold me up
against the fear of the two thousand
people in front of me and the big void
of nothingness had years later I needed
a different graduation speech one that
came decades before my time and says
that all we can do is try again and
again and again to win again what we
lost before I was too young and too
lucky to have lost anything really when
I graduated college but I wasn't anymore
by the time I heard Hillary Clinton's
speech at her own graduation from
Wellesley College in 1969 it wasn't a
starry-eyed or hopeful so much as
resolute you can hear her jaw setting in
it so I set mine to and Hillary returned
to that same stage last Friday to give
the commencement address to her alma
mater and I watched knowing that it was
these beautiful and powerful poignant if
ever
but again as it turns out it was the
student speaker that I needed to hear
the speaker's name was Colin Oshawott a
daughter of Syrian immigrants who
described her classmates as valuable and
durable and flawed she assured them that
it was okay to be angry
and frustrated and loud and as she spoke
I thought of my own graduation speech
delivers with a quiet trembling voice
and I watched my friends who had worked
with me and taught me and held me up
tweeting their reactions these brilliant
women who have tried again and again and
again to win again what we've lost
before and I remembered fighting with
them
shouting late at night in an office
prepping the next day's mobilization
texts with fight song playing for the
sixth time in a row can you hear my
voice this time angry and frustrated and
loud and I looked at this class of
impossibly bright diverse young women
strangers to me who are graduating with
no illusion of endless promise or
possibilities but betraying no fear not
afraid of their dreams or their
ambitions or even their anger and I
thought this is how we'll win or at
least again and again and again
we'll try in the comments tell me if you
have a favorite graduation speech and
this is the last death chat with Taylor
like sort of duck chest too and kind of
inside but I'm moving for a new job to a
new state so it will see you next week
from a different location bye
you
