hi friends so Seattle lights are like
impervious to rain one of the first ways
that you can spot a tourist is if
they're carrying an umbrella so the
first time I visited there in 2012 I did
not want to stick out the previous
summer I'd bought this navy blue trench
coat that was like a designer brand or
rather they diffusion line of a designer
brand that I bought on overstock.com so
it was very fancy and sophisticated and
grownup and it had a hood so no need for
an umbrella it was October and I went to
Seattle with my boyfriend at the time to
scope out as a possible place to go and
live it was drippy out the whole time as
expected but one afternoon the rain the
blood up a little bit so we took it as
an opportunity to go walking up to this
neighborhood called Capitol Hill which
is supposed to be where I like the cool
kids hang out you know talk about how
rainy it is in Seattle like maybe even
oversell it but nobody talks about how
chilly it is and if I wanted to be
pulled out for my trench coat even with
a big sweater underneath so I'm anxious
to get somewhere indoors but we're
walking and walking and this cool
neighborhood is nowhere to be found we
walked in there's buildings and we walk
and there's nothing but diffuse light
and whirring of the cars going over the
interstate we walk and there's a couple
of posters tacked to telephone pole and
then a bar and a couple of band stickers
stuck to the back of street signs and
then a coffee shop and then we walk and
then the pot name there were people just
a little older than I was with colorful
hair and heavy boots filing in and out
of record stores and thrift shops and
here we were in the cool kid
neighborhood I suddenly became
incredibly aware of my sophisticated
trench coat because it felt both out of
place for the setting and like I was
playing dress-up in my mother's clothes
and I started to feel itchy and anxious
and decided I could never realistically
live there so we kept walking and then
we happened upon an urban outfitters
which is probably the least Punk place
that you could go in cap Hill but I
thought it might be a less intimidating
place to go in and like warm up for a
little while and it was there was a
comforting familiarity and it out of the
gray green
dampness and this was 2012 so there were
a lot of full-length sweaters to look at
and like decorative headbands and then I
saw a leather jacket I'd kind of maybe
sort of wanted a leather jacket for like
ever
but I was pretty convinced that I could
never pull it off but this one was cut
more like a hoodie rendered and weakened
leather without any of those like
ostentatious lapels that would imply
that I was sure of myself and it had a
hood so no need for an umbrella I tried
it on and it looked perfect on me it was
the jacket I had been born to wear it
was me but a little more badass so I
didn't quite believe that I could pull
it off so I left it in the store and it
wasn't until two months later that I
actually bought the jacket and it was
until three years later that I moved to
that exact neighborhood and walked
around in that jacket without an
umbrella every day so a while ago I was
sitting in my favorite coffee shop in
Capitol Hill with my friend Bailey in a
kind of place where people like scoff at
flavored syrups and have sculptural
haircuts but I loved it
and i sat there on the stool with my
mother jacket thinking about my first
visit in 2012 and I said out loud to
Bailey I look like I belong here sure
it's just clothes but clothes are a way
that we signal to people something about
who we are and sometimes a thing about
who we are whether that's cool or
confident for someone who believes they
belong can take a piece of clothing to
snap into place so in the comments tell
me about an item of clothing you have
that would tell me something about who
you are
also shout-out to anna-lena on Twitter I
asked for a smattering of nouns and she
said a umbrella which is what inspired
this video so thanks if you like this
video you can subscribe you can hit the
bell you can find it anywhere in the
internet and
Explo and i will see you next week bye
