hi friends I was a freshman in college
new to therapy when someone decided that
my general sense of impending doom was
because I didn't know what to major in
so every week I had to go into this
office of a guy with a name like Marc or
Brian who had more degrees on his wall
than hair on his head I would sit in a
chair and cry for a while and then Brian
Marc would give me a test it would be
like - Briggs or an interest inventory
or a career assessment that would tell
me that I was really supposed to be a
librarian or an HR manager or a naval
officer because because if I knew what
my goal was and I could figure out the
plan to get there if I could get the
right quiz result that just snapped
something in me into place and I
wouldn't feel so out of control or on
the same time I read an essay in class
about why Disney Princesses are
supposedly terrible role models for
girls because they're always just
sitting around and waiting for things
there someday my prince will comes there
when will my life begins they have that
feeling that what you get in life
depends on the movement of some
invisible hand or a guy on a white horse
to come bring it to you that you're
trapped in a tower that you're paralyzed
under a spell the SI called that feeling
and external locus of control the idea
that the forces running your life are
outside you on the other hand an
internal locus of control is the
healthier sense that the things that
happen in your life are because you made
them happen that you're the captain of
your own ship as long as you know where
you want to steer it ever since the
election I've been looking for a job and
I can't quite tell where my sense of
control lies anymore because I do a lot
of waiting for someone to give me an
interview for someone to get back to me
about something for someone to make me
an offer and you can crush an interview
or like the best cover letter or have
the most impressive set of achievements
on your resume and still not get the job
or you can have an interview scheduled
for 3 hours after you find out
your grandfather dies and just totally
vomit like what else could you do either
way it feels like you're always waiting
for someone outside you to decide that
you're good enough someday my prince
will come when will my life begin so
they say don't be a Disney Princess go
out there and take that sense of control
back into your own hands then you start
to think if I'm working this hard and
still not getting anywhere maybe I'm
just not good enough maybe I'm just not
good
they have Disney Princesses that go out
and rescue themselves these days but
what we don't have is Disney Princesses
who fail whether you work hard or you
wait for it there's no role model for no
happy ending there's no personality test
that you take it so if you're this type
of person you should be a naval officer
and if you're this type of person you
lose and right now I think that's the
one that I need so tell me in comments
do you feel more like you've had an
external or an internal locus of control
and what made you feel that way do you
ever wish that it was the other way
around
if you liked this video you can
subscribe you can even click that little
bell shaped thing I won't mind you can
also find me all over the internet in
the links below and I will see you next
week bye
