hi friends so in case a fascist
president wasn't enough last week the
world also decided that I needed an
emergency root canal so I'm at like a
standard-issue dentist appointment and
they're trying to take out this feeling
that I broke by basically spending six
months doing the arthur fist but with my
jaw and the dentist is looking at my
x-rays like so we're gonna take this out
but the hole is gonna go all the way to
like the Nervii part of your tooth which
is not great so you're gonna have to go
get that root canals can you do it this
afternoon the alternative is that I hold
to just dies just dies and then I have
to get a pulled out of my mouth so I
guess I'm free I go to the oral surgery
place to get it done on a Friday
afternoon at 4:00 p.m. so I fill out my
paperwork and I go back and talk to the
tooth surgeon and he's like alright get
this done today or if you want to like
take a sedative so you're not quite so
nervous I can prescribe you want and you
can come back on Monday and get it done
then I realized that he probably just
wants to go home for the weekend
but I'm like brah I've already got like
a giant hole in my teeth I just want to
get this over with
so out come the needles novocaine coming
in hot in every direction and the whole
side of my face starts getting roll numb
like I can't actually tell if my eyelid
is closing whatever
disappears for a while to let it get all
anesthetized I guess and the office is
by what I imagine is some sort of health
code requirement always playing journey
look I stopped believing like a year and
a half ago so I don't think it would
really compromise the integrity of my
gum health to play like a little salon
or something to get me through and as
I'm waiting the receptionist comes in
and says so I'm gonna be gone by the
time you're all done so that means I
need you to pay now and when she hands
me the bill I'm convinced that this is
part of the numbing process because
they've already hurt me
as much as I can hurt but of course the
oral surgeon comes back and starts
poking at my teeth and I don't care how
dumb you are it's not gonna stop you
from hearing all of those awful metal
scraping sounds like I can't even do it
when someone is eating a salad with a
fork and does that little but I still
feel it
I still feel it in my teeth I'm so
excited so yeah every little scraping
sound on it gives me like one of those
full body shivers so that the dentist
has to keep stopping and asking if he's
hurting me which probably added the full
30 minutes to the appointment
so we're canal and I'm like every ten
minutes or so somebody is leaving the
office and stops to say bye to the boss
so they're like bye see you Monday he's
like have a great weekend Karen while
he's holding a drill in my mouth so I'm
just glad that everybody else is having
a chill time Sonique starts sawing
pulling I don't know but like somehow
we're moving the nerve part of my teeth
out of my tooth and then filling it up
with something
I don't really exactly know what that
something is but two hours later slow a
tooth in my mouth so I can't eat too
picky and there's something about the
process that's entirely exhausting like
all I was doing was laying there why am
I so tired but then I realized once it's
done that
and clenching my butt the entire time
just two hours just clenching but you
know it's a big muscle group it takes a
lot of energy and I only know one
appointment left until it's totally
fixed but the moral of the story here is
please floss and don't skip out on your
dentist appointments because it'll only
end in tears and like nothing but
applesauce and cottage cheese for three
and a half days so tell me your dental
horror stories in the comments if you
liked this video you can subscribe if
you so inclined you can also find me on
all my social medias in the links below
consider you haven't done my activism
tag from last week doing it and tweeting
about me and I will see you next week
bye
