hi friends new year new location for
every video so a while ago I made a
video with my friend Rowan about self
care for activists and we were talking
about how a lot of people when they're
faced with really scary negative
oppressive stuff sometimes have to just
watch a funny TV show or take a bath or
whatever and I said I'm like that I
really need to run into the fire I need
to be protesting or organizing or
feeling like I'm actively doing
something to combat the thing to feel
okay and lost I spent all day every day
running into the fire so perhaps it's no
surprise that I have some like burns to
attend to ah metaphors so there's two
things I've been feeling lately the
first kind of like a hybrid exhaustion
sadness is really persistent the second
is guilt because we are about to get a
new president in the u.s. we've already
sworn in a new Congress and a lot of
people's rights are being threatened
right now but I'm not reading the news
I'm not even online all that much and
I'm not doing all too much in the way of
protest or activism lately seems like
there's constantly more fires to attend
to lately and I'm just sitting here
reading skincare reviews because of the
first thing but the more shitty news
that comes up and filters in the more I
realize how many people have just by
virtue of me being the things that I am
just really super want me to suffer like
enact legislation to ensure it want me
to suffer and if on top of working hard
to keep civil rights intact I was in
anyway joyful they would be so shook if
I'm miserable they've won so I'm trying
as a small active protest I have within
me right now not to let them and I'm not
gonna say it's all adult coloring books
incentive
candles because I feel like it does a
disservice to both activists and
activism to talk about self-care like
that's all it is right now for me it's
more like seeking appropriate mental
health treatment and trying not to self
isolate but I do think joy is an
important form of protest like I think
people criticize things like pride
grades for not being serious enough but
marginalize people have so much to be
sad about so much of the time can't we
just have a smidgen of fun one time and
that's the thing that's really difficult
for me right now
I'm not going to be the world's most
carefree carefree black girl right away
probably not ever but I'm just trying to
claw my way back to a little bit of joy
so if that sounds like you two you're
officially invited to join me in sitting
this week out but for the rest of you if
it's your turn to run into the fire I'm
gonna ask you personally as a favor to
me to take some sort of action while I'm
on the DL you can join a protest this
week for women's rights you can get to
know who your representatives are if
you're in the u.s. and call them this
week for example about why the
Affordable Care Act matters to you and
for both my domestic and international
friends find a cause that you care about
and do some volunteering there are links
for how to do such things in the
description and I can't wait to be
strong enough to join you if you like
this video you can subscribe if you're
so inclined you can find me in all my
social medias in the links below in the
comments tell me how you fight back and
I will see you next week bye
