hi friends so I guess first I should
tell you that none of this is mine I
just wanted to serve you some hacking
into the mainframe looks I mean but as I
sat down here to write I got a little
distracted by just how silly I sit in an
office chair I've basically three
settings because you're not really being
productive unless you're theatre asleep
even better weather permitting I like to
sit on the floor
so another on the campaign we get these
two wonderful but a deist garage sale
couches in our office they're looking a
part of our office that was kind of dim
with a sloping ceiling so it gave it a
real cave-like effect and until the
vibes were strictly disallowed so it was
a great place to try and regain some
shred of mental health anyway one day I
walked over to the cottage to discover
that my team and already claimed all the
available speeds but the couches were
pushed against each other so that they
kind of formed a square with the walls
so naturally I was gonna sit in that
square so I crawled in there with my
laptop and it was awesome it was the
exact width of my crossed legs and the
ceiling was nice and low and when I was
folded over my laptop you couldn't
actually seem that I was in there so
while I'm in there experiencing just
like unadulterated Cave bliss my boss
walks by and just starts like chatting
with my squad so pop my head up to chime
in and well I argue that finding me
balled up in an enclosed space isn't an
unusual occurrence he seemed a little
bit taken aback and was like Taylor
you're a director is it people in
positions of leadership aren't supposed
to sit on the floor or something and I
see how it's kind of childish I mean
from a very young age I was camped out
in door frames and closets with books
and paper and sort of a roundabout way
of playing at work but I kind of prefer
to think of it like this you know how
dogs that are kennel trained even if
you're home and they don't have to
they'll still just chill in their kennel
anyway I'm kind of the same way I
understand intellectually that I could
sit like an adult but you will pry my
cozy little ports of darkness from my
numb pins and needle feet no bits of
pity oh really but you can tell me if
you have any peculiar seating
preferences there in the comments if you
like this video you can subscribe if
you're so inclined you can also find me
on all my social medias and links below
and I will see you next week bye
