my friends Happy New Year now I don't
really make news or solutions anymore
because I just don't like disappointing
myself and I'm the type that as soon as
I set some sort of rule or expectation
for myself I go hey you're not my real
mom and actively resist doing it but
that doesn't mean some of you don't make
them so Shay I just want to offer you a
piece of advice we don't know what fresh
hell awaits us in 2017 because
celebrities are gonna die and Hillary
Clinton is not gonna be a president and
one day you're gonna be taking the
garbage out of your apartment there's
gonna be a little bit of a tear in the
bag and garbage juice is gonna leak out
onto your foot so today I just want you
to take all that hope that you have all
your aspirations take half of it and put
it in a freezer for later just hop you
get teased now because if you're 2016 is
anything like mine you fucking earned it
you had to spend at least a day and a
half thinking this is my year I'm gonna
write more or take a knitting or catch a
dragon right now this is your year until
it's not your ears there's this time to
get down stay down something that I'm
gonna link below and it goes a little
something like this
a couple of years ago I wrote it down on
a piece of paper and stuck it on my wall
because as I mentioned before I'm not
super greatest sticking to those lemony
fresh Sparkle covered goals that I said
at the beginning of the year so I'd like
to make a regular point of just picking
an arbitrary date like this one and
turning around nice new leaf and I
recommend you try the same so you can
watch the city then in February your
June or October or whenever things go
off the rails and you go get the other
half of the good bugs that you're
feeling today and you thought out and
you start over you can start over on
your birthday or when you go back to
school or the beginning of a new month
or on a Thursday at 3 p.m. you can say
fuck it 2017 is cancelled 2018 starts
right now just make sure you reschedule
your dentist appointments I don't think
I did that in up in 2016 and when bad
things started snowballing it's easy to
just spiral out of control and think
everything's gone to shit and I'll never
get myself out of this hole but now
there's no hole that was last year's it
can't always be last year so in comments
tell me what you are resolving for the
new year if you are resolving anything
if you like this video you can subscribe
if you're so inclined you can also find
me in all my social medias in the links
below and I will see you next week bye
