hi friends so everyone loves a good
Martin Luther King jr. quote right you
know how he said that hate cannot drive
out hate only love can do that well I'd
like to propose a small revision that
hate cannot drive out hate only lock and
do that see while it's important that we
each work every day to create a more
loving tolerant and equitable world
sometimes it just takes justice that
rolls down like water and a justice
system that drags us into equality
kicking and screaming though we may be
and that's where the Southern Poverty
Law Center comes in one part of the work
is to defend victims of discrimination
and hate in the legal system in the past
they've filed lawsuits like in 1977 case
that allowed women to serve as law
enforcement officers and receive the
same benefits as mail service members or
the 1987 case that shut down the chapter
of the Ku Klux Klan that was responsible
for the sixteenth street baptist church
bombing you know the one that killed
those four little girls in 1963 or more
recently they fought for criminal
justice reform to keep children and
teens with minor offenses out of adult
prisons they've worked to end conversion
therapy on LGBT students they've stood
up to predatory payday lenders who
target low-income communities and
they've fought against the abuse and
exploitation of immigrants and guest
workers just to name a few so many of
the civil rights and protections that we
enjoy today exists because of landmark
court cases that organizations like the
SPLC bring up but here's the best part
they understand that it takes more than
equality in the eyes of the law to
create equality in the actual world so
in addition to representing people
who've been discriminated against
they're also actively working to cut off
hate and bigotry before it starts for
one they monitor over 1,600 hate and
extremist groups in the u.s. providing
intelligence and training to law
enforcement and media to keep hate
motivated violence in check
I think my favorite thing that they do
is provide educational resources to
schools so that we can teach the next
generation to be more tolerant and
inclusive and challenge those
unconscious biases before they're fully
formed now my guess is that you know at
least one person who's LGBT a person of
color an immigrant or a child of an
immigrant or has lived paycheck to
paycheck or any combination of those
things and as we are all painfully aware
people in these groups face more
discrimination than other people and
it's more important than ever for us to
stand up and say that's not who we are
we don't accept that the Southern
Poverty Law Center is working for love
and kindness every day and so should we
all so if you want to get involved I
will drop a link to donate in the
description you can also head to project
for awesome calm and vote for this video
to get a portion of that sweet sweet
indiegogo donation money while you're
there go ahead and check out some more
great videos about other causes you can
support and I will see you next week bye
