hi friends so the election we lost it as
you may be aware I was working on the
Hillary campaign in the state of Nevada
and I'm still proud that we won that
state and I'm proud that we elected
Katherine Cortes Masto the first Latina
senator in US history
I got to use the Internet to register
thousands of new voters and I'm proud
that I got to work with and work for
some of the strongest women in the world
I learned so much along the way that I
thought perhaps today I could make my
return by telling you some other things
that I learned while working on the
campaign number one when you live in the
desert you have to drink a lot more
water than you think you do to stay
hydrated so crying is counterintuitive
it dries you out that doesn't mean you
won't
occasionally sneak out to the parking
lot and do it anyway to also desert hot
during the day close up at night so if
you can get to work by like 7:30 in the
morning before the Sun gets too high in
the sky then leave at night like give it
to like 10 11 p.m. to cool off all the
way you may lose your mind a little bit
but you will never get a sunburn 3
you're stronger than you think you are
stronger than that
nope stronger than that even for when
all of spills started coming five there
are supposedly casinos in Las Vegas I'm
not sure I've literally never heard of
them six if you are managing a team for
the first time like Iowa's try giving
them the space to just be way better
than you at some stuff also using a lot
of gifs
seems to help sicks the DJ Steve Aoki
has a degree in women's studies and his
father is the founder of Benny
eight the right to vote may be the most
important one that we have I will defend
it to my dad and don't you ever
disrespect me by failing to use it 9
cheese corn counts as a vegetable 10 the
arc of the moral universe is longer than
you realize and it won't bend toward
justice unless every single one of us
pulls it that way with our entire
strength so grab on and hold on eleven
democracy as it turns out works by
picking up phones and knocking on doors
and voting not by refreshing the
homepage on five thirty eight.com just a
tip just a tip for the future twelve
women of color are the present not the
future 13 the day after you will feel
hungover and gutted and you won't be
able to sleep or eat or talk to anyone
this will not go away for a long time
and finally number 14 when you move to
the desert you may make a video about
how nothing's really supposed to live
there and that you're not a cactus but
over the course of 179 days you will
learn that in fact you are a Sun
toughened improbable prickly bitch and
no one can hurt you anymore and that my
friends is when you pick back up and
keep fighting if you liked this video
you can subscribe if you're so inclined
you can also find me on all my social
medias and links below please tell me
how you've been for the past two months
in the comments and I will see you next
week bye
