hi friends so last week I flew over to
Great Lakes first like Erie and then
Lake Michigan which is particularly dear
to me because I spent four years living
on its western coast and there's this
really lovely moment where as you're
looking at your window you can't see
either edge of it not even from 30,000
feet so for about 90 seconds it might as
well be an ocean and it reminded me of
this art exhibit at my college campus
where this artist Kevin Miyazaki Joe all
the way around the whole perimeter of
Lake Michigan taking identical pictures
of the horizon line along the way each
photo looked entirely different the
water could be blue or like a turbulent
black or shimmery green or a grey that
was indistinguishable from the sky the
way the lake could look was always
changing and it was beautiful the art
had been commissioned by a professor of
mine who taught a class called
philosophy of art that gave me so much
help he has these big jerk-off
philosophical questions like what is
it--and how do we know what counts as
art and who decides fine but I could not
stand to read another essay by a dead
rich white guy philosopher who tried to
answer the question by writing another
40 pages about Marcel Duchamp and his
goddamn urinal so I talked about it I
talked about how I didn't think that it
was fair that something gets called art
just because somebody decided to put it
in a dusty old Museum and that the group
of people who make these decisions the
art world was in no way of
revolutionised because some dude got a
urinal into an art show not when the
world they've created still shots so
many people out but every time I
contributed to the class discussion I
felt like he pushed me more picked apart
my ideas more I felt like he had it out
for me so it came back harder I ended up
writing my term paper on graffiti
culture the title of which could have
been f your art world what I love about
Rafi is the people who are at the top of
the game of the art outside museums look
a lot different than the people whose
paintings hang
inside there's no barrier to entry to
look at it and there's a way lower
barrier to make it - it's not so
pretentious about itself it's just there
in the street no one can buy it no one
can pay for it and in a couple of days
it could be gone one day there's these
beautiful bright colors saturated blues
and greens and blacks
and the next the wall gets painted over
in a clinical grey indistinguishable
from the sky it's always changing and
it's beautiful that professor gave me an
A
by the way and shortly after that series
of photos showed up on campus photos of
Lake Michigan with a dusty old art
museum that I happen to love hanging
over its shoreline and I knew he was on
my side so in the comments tell me about
your favorite lake or your favorite art
or your favorite teachers if you liked
this video you can subscribe if you're
so inclined you can also find me on all
my social medias in the links below and
I will see you next week bye
