hi friends I'm a total wimp and that I
won't go on any roller coaster of any
kind ever but you know what I do love a
ferris wheel so the end of 8th grade we
want on a class trip to Chicago we all
crammed into a blast first generation
ipods blasting so excited to go on a
long drive to the big city without our
parents most of our parents there were
chaperones we were going to some museums
but that's not what anybody cared about
somewhere along the i-94 between
Wisconsin and Chicago there's a six
flags theme park surrounded by
cornfields and filled with giant metal
roller coasters each competing to have
the highest job for the most loops or be
the most generally upsetting in every
way and this wasn't a regular trip this
was a fun trip so we stopped there my
classmates racked up bragging rights
about how many times they've ridden a
ride with a 200-foot drop or the one
where you land your stomach and your
arms and legs just like hang there in
the air but I don't want to die so i
just got a half-melted cotton candy and
held everybody's stuff as they went on
the rides fun trip I'd already felt
myself separating from these kids their
bravado and boisterousness thick like a
cloud of Axe body spray and then there
was me alone and a sea of hot asphalt
fun trip eventually piled back on the
bus to head to Chicago and catch a few
minutes of the field museum and the
shedd aquarium legitimate educational
fieldtrip heaven but our last stop of
the night was to Navy Pier a famous
little amusement park on the shore of
lake michigan and we didn't have much
time there maybe an hour so all I had
time to do was go on the ferris wheel my
dad who'd been on it before warned me
before I loved that it moves really
really slowly so much so that near the
top it almost feels like it's not moving
at all if you didn't know any better you
might think that it stopped and that you
were stuck there so we went up my
friends
and sure enough when we got to the top
it felt totally still my friends started
to panic I tried to reassure them that
we were fun but they'd long ago stopped
listening to me so they squealed and
screamed and huddled up in little balls
his fear of being stranded on a giant
metal wheel visions of cranes and
firefighters terrified them more than
any two hundred foot drop but for me in
that stillness I was perfectly calm I
could see all of Chicago it almost felt
like I had the whole city to myself and
to this day I love going on any ferris
wheel I can find sure they're a little
corny but nothing makes me feel more
steady or sure so tell me in comments do
you like Ferris wheels or what else
makes you feel on top of the world if
you like this video you can subscribe if
you're so inclined you can also find me
on all my social medias in the links
below and I'll see you next week bye
