hi friends so I read a lot of advice for
people who write or make art or create
things on the internet because there's
nothing more helpful to doing a thing
than obsessively researching the
decisions you've already made and a lot
of it especially for people who want to
make videos is what I called the iPhone
and a dream advice where it's just like
just start just do it we all have a
phone in our pockets that's all you need
just start making things and finding
your voice and putting it online just go
and well that's not necessarily like bad
advice I think it's kind of incomplete
because one it assumes that all look
aspiring creators have never actually
made a thing before but it also assumes
that putting it online is the best way
to go and that's I think not always the
case
and here's why ever since I figured out
how to read I loved reading and I loved
writing I used to make these comics and
second grade about the imagined
adventures of my favorite pop stars
I had folders where a lot synopses and
reviews of Lizzie McGuire episodes and I
had notebooks upon notebooks of emo song
lyrics that I wrote in high school but I
also like to write short stories about
characters that I related to you know
gloomy art kids who were gonna make it
out of this town anyway my junior year I
wrote a story about the inner lives of a
suburban family there's no plot there's
no real dialogue it just from jumps from
person to person room to room visiting
their thoughts the story was not great I
would be the first to admit that but I
know my way around words so I made it
sound real pretty when I submitted it to
my school's writing contest it won a
prize and part of that prize was it was
supposed to get published in our like
student-run literary magazine but oh
dear reader the editor of that magazine
organized like a full-on campaign to not
have to publish my story
he went around trashing it to everyone
to all my friends he tried to get other
kids who worked on the magazine to vote
against publishing it and eventually
they had to run my story anyway
even though he insisted it's not a story
even it's a vignette and you know what I
did I internalized it I didn't write
another
that wasn't for school for three years I
could be three years of work better at
what I do than I am now but a boy was
mean to me and I listened to him so
everyone has an iPhone in a dream but
when you're starting out that dream is
really fragile and you're still finding
your footing yeah you need feedback to
improve but in the beginning that
feedback is internal you know it's not
there yet you don't need some stranger
on the Internet to feel like hey I think
this sucks and also you've really bad
acne and you should die I'd like you to
be dead also the just post stuff start
sharing your work imperative comes from
this idea that we all inherently want
this to be our jobs like so you want to
be a youtuber you want to be a writer
you want to have a really hard time
explaining to your parents what you do
for a living
then yeah you've got to start posting
stuff right away so you can monetize it
because how do you monetize something
that nobody else can see but also you
don't have to monetize it look I have a
full-time job this is not my job
she says printing to the card where you
can support her on patreon I too suffer
from the 20:18 tendency to be like ooh a
thing I like doing how does this get me
closer to affording all my dental work
but does it have to do we have to do
this like it's nice making a little
extra money off of youtube but Wow am I
glad that I am not worried about paying
rent because the kind of stuff that I
like to make isn't especially popular
and so if I had to make this my job I
would have to change what I make to
please the gods with the algorithm and I
probably wouldn't like it and then it
would just be a job but right now this
is the thing that I love most in the
world it's just a dream and a bunch of
fancy camera equipment that I've
accumulated over the years which by the
way I paid for by shooting wedding
videos which I thought would be fun at
the beginning but then just turned into
working really long stressful days and
never having a day off ever which are
you sensing a pattern here I get it
we're all broke we all crave attention
and the dopamine rush of
notification symbol or if you want to be
authentic and pure about it we all want
to have the means to make art and feed
ourselves
so maybe they're welcome a point where
you want to show you work to other
people or maybe even make it your job
and when that time comes there's enough
other advice out there you'll know what
to do but sometimes the best part of a
dream is when it's like a little illicit
secret but you're just chipping away at
in 20 minute chunks of stolen time by 20
minutes stolen chunk you're just kind of
cheating on capitalism with your art and
no shitty comment or deadline or weird
freelancer tax filing situation has come
to ruining yet it's yours and no one
else's you have no idea what you're
capable of in comments tell me about
something you're working on that you
love if you like this video you can
share it with someone else who you think
might like it or you can watch last
week's video if you missed that one and
I will see you soon bye
