hi friends despite the background I've
never really been one to look at old
photos but lately I've spent a lot of
time listening to old sounds see I'm out
here in this city alone and usually by
the time I'm finished with work my
friends and family and other time zones
are already asleep it gets harder and
harder to hear their voices but there's
nothing that makes me feel quite so
surrounded and warm as when I hear a
tone or a lilt or a phrasing that's
unmistakable it's the second best thing
to being in the room with the people you
love so whenever I get that feeling I
try to save it I'm practically at sea
which levels of voice hoarding my laptop
is littered with weird little scraps of
audio from people that I care about
songs audiobooks I even have a recording
of one of my favorite college professors
giving me feedback on an essay there's
this maybe six second clip of my dad
asking my dog who's a good boy even that
I will listen to multiple times in a row
it makes me think of my first year of
college had pulled under the covers of
my twin XL bag just listening to
voicemails from my parents trying to
breathe more slowly or when I get ready
in the morning
play back my friends each of videos as I
get dressed and put on my makeup so that
I always have their lovely voices to
listen to whenever I feel alone and I'm
telling you this because I know it
sounds kind of creepy but according to
study most of us have a poor memory for
sound within a first sight and that's
definitely true of me I can close my
eyes and conjure up the faces of people
that I love but the sign of their voice
is often the first to go
so I'm so glad to be at a time where I
can just keep them with me wherever I am
to bring them back and feel just as warm
and just as loved as ever I also like
that with hours and hours of my own
voice on the internet people like my
parents or even friends I've yet to
actually meet in person can also hear me
we can be a little bit closer together
even when it doesn't feel like we are so
in the comments tell me are you a
collector of sounds or whose voice do
you wish that you could have recorded if
you like this video you can consider
subscribing if you're so inclined you
can also find me on all my social medias
in the links below and I will see you
next week bye
