hi friends I'm a bit bossy whensoever
there was a group project I was the
leader of that group project there's no
part of a meeting yo girl loves more
than assigning roles and
responsibilities once when I was eight
or nine years old my parents determined
that my brother and I were responsible
enough to be left at home on our own
while they went out to dinner and my
brother being older was even charged my
parents are out enjoying the company of
friends and halfway through dinner they
get a phone call my brother 12 livid
because I have deliberately disobeyed
him declares to my parents I have never
been so disrespected in my life do you
ever notice do you ever notice that
sometimes that's how grown men react
when a woman doesn't listen to them so
the thing happened this week that was
relevant to my interest in the u.s. a
woman became the presumptive nominee for
the Democratic Party Wow you've gotta
admit that's a VFD regardless of your
politics so you should know this is the
candidate I am currently working to
elect hashtag I'm with her hashtag pray
for my mentions and as I sat in a
storage closet trying to live tweet as
the results rolled in it hit me a lot
harder than I thought it would have see
the best the brightest the bossiest
woman I know is my mother she was born
four years before the Voting Rights Act
was passed so that people who looked
like her could vote without restriction
I get to live in a world where she could
elect to presidential candidates who
represent her in a unique way I get to
live in a world where at my young age I
will never have cast a ballot for a
white male president maybe we never got
our Shirley Chisolm but I'm starting to
believe that maybe maybe I'll live to
see that happen what a time to be alive
look people just like Hillary Clinton
for a lot of reasons
but you've gotta admit that at least one
of the principal ones is that she was a
woman seeking power some folks don't
think she should some folks think she
should be put in her place some folks
have never been so disrespected in their
life and what I admire about her is that
she just doesn't listen last week was a
huge score for ambitious bitches
everywhere let's never stop bleeding so
in the comments please just promise me
we won't get into the candidates cuz
that's all I do all day but tell me do
you ever feel like your gender affects
your ability to eat and if you liked
this video you can consider subscribing
if you're so inclined you can also find
me on all my social medias in the links
below and I will see you next week bye
