hi friends I've been a dancer since age
three it's something to which I'm
genetically predisposed even the last
four weeks that I've gone without a
dance class make me feel a little
unclear a key from the very beginning I
crave the movement and the stage lights
and the music at regular intervals but
more than anything I wanted tap shoes
the black patent leather shiny tap shoes
with the ribbon ties that might click
click click the high heels that I wasn't
old enough to wear every day until I was
deemed ready for tap class I wanted
those freaking tap shoes and then I got
them i laced them on and all their
reflective glory and clicked into my
first class and something shifted it
wasn't long before I started feeling a
little ping of dread every time I stuff
to clean leotard into a duffel bag that
meant I had dance after school I wanted
so badly to quit but my mom was a dancer
herself wouldn't let me off the hook
that easy she made me keep going for the
next couple years and I would just
sloppily drag myself around the studio
like I had some sort of weird parasite
it was those damn shiny shoes they
looked so pretty but whenever i laced
them up it meant that I had to be
subjected to a dance that was tiny and
precise and more counting than feeling
and totally not for me I've always been
a greedy little magpie I've done stuff
for the shiny thing all the time I got
my first communion in Catholic school
almost entirely because the religious ed
textbook had a gold foil cover never got
confirmed there was no shiny thing and I
know I'm not alone because I hear so
many people talk about how hard it is to
stay motivated after school when there's
no more gold stars or trophies or
diplomas hanging just past the next
checkpoint to validate them but really
when I think of it chasing the shiny
thing has more often than not kept me in
something way longer than I wanted to be
it's not bad to bail on something that's
not for you and go find something better
even if the better thing doesn't come
with applause or money or a pair of
black patent leather clicky shoes so
I want to know in the comments what's
your shiny thing if you liked this video
you can consider subscribing if you're
so inclined you can also find me and all
my social medias in the links below and
I will see you next week bye
