so i have a contract between myself and
god that whenever i see cotton candy i
have to eat it it's just not within my
power to go to a zoo or a fairground or
a baseball game without acquiring blue
sugar sugar so much better when it's
blue I get it it's kind of childish so I
try to compensate in other ways like
when I started my first job 22
baby-faced and really desperate to be
taken seriously I kind of maybe gotten
my job at a non-profit because my dad
was a volunteer there or at least helped
but I just gotten promoted to a
full-time position that I felt like I to
actually earned I was a real
professional adult and I wanted to look
the part so it was all pencil skirts and
metrics and accountability and deleting
all the exclamation points out of my
emails and it was working I was starting
to get that r-e-s-p-e-c-t and none of my
co-workers were making those casual
shitty jokes where the punch line is
always like Millennials emojis what's a
snapchat but then one day our biggest
donor decided to treat our staff and
took us to his private box to see a
baseball game I was enjoying the game
with my co-workers being kind of
impressive because I'm a woman who knows
the rules of baseball and kind of
impressive because the fancy CEO guy who
invited us sent his son to the same high
school as me and he remembered my name
it was all leveraging strategies and
runs batted in and then the cotton candy
came by and I got a bag because that's
what the Lord calls me to do at first it
was fine I figured game recognize game
nobody in here thinks that my stupid
snack is any more juvenile and their
pretzel bites and hot dogs but maybe 15
minutes later at my phone screen blinks
and there's a picture of me and the
caption having fun and that's when I
realized that mr. fantasy CEO has taken
a picture of the back of my head and my
bag of cotton candy without my awareness
and texted it to my dad how am I
supposed to be a professional when
everybody thinks but I'm just some one
kid it was
kind of crushing I'd worked so hard to
build up my corporate credit and it was
destroyed in one fatal delicious mistake
that is until I realized that I could
still eat cotton candy and talk about my
Twitter and just do good work and the
people who respected me would still
respect me maybe even more so people
were gonna judge me for being too young
or too brown or two female or whatever
were never my crowd to win and I was not
put on this earth to not eat cotton
candy so in the comments tell me about a
time where you felt like you had to
prove yourself how'd you do it if you
liked this video you can subscribe if
you are so inclined you can also find me
on all my social medias in the links
below and I will see you next week bye
