hi friends I'm here with my mom and dad
they surprised me and visited me here in
Seattle for my birthday and because
today when you're watching this I am
turning 25 i conned them into being in a
vlog with me to see if they had any
interesting thoughts on the past 25
years do you have any interesting or
memorable stories about when I was a kid
when you were little once you learned
how to read and we knew that you know
how to read you would find you take a
book and you would find a spot usually
kind of in the Sun and you would just be
hunkered down reading and there's a
place in our front room in the doorway
and you would have on your favorite
jelly shoes and you'd have your books
and you would just be reading and nobody
would know where you were but you were
in there reading Taylor and her brother
and I would always play catch you know
he was all about things with a ball and
Taylor didn't naturally aspire to things
with a ball and so show her the rhythm
of throwing so it's always step and
throw I kind of remember there being a
significant delay between this step and
throw and then quite get done the glove
it was like step yeah now do I throw it
right throw it throw now that I am an
adult human what ways do you think I'm
the most like you guys a couple things
come to mind there so I would say your
mom is more outgoing I'm less outgoing I
think you take that you can do it but
takes energy to do it I'm a little more
artistic even though that doesn't strike
people is they would expect that I think
ways that you're like me are like you
have a plan
like these five steps with getting it
done you are getting it done kind of
girl and that's that's how I am so and
then I think have a high bar for other
people do not I suffer no fool totally
and I'm like that it's like alright I
gave you three things I've been doing 97
so really really can you just not really
you two are more alike than that you
stretch beyond your comfort zones it's
like I could live comfortably doing this
but something compels me to do that and
it's beyond my comfort zone and and you
both do that and then we both worry
about yourselves and those who care
about you maybe yes is there anything
that you guys have seen me that you you
don't know where it came from blogging
I've been around for 25 years
yep you know how is your life change the
most I mean I remember like when I was
pregnant thinking how many teach this
child how to walk and how to ride a bike
and all the stuff you have to teach them
and you realize that yeah you have to
teach them those things but it's not
like I'm this linear stretch parenting
isn't just like me pouring everything
that I know into your heads it really is
kind of this very dynamic thing so it's
not as scary yeah so we had your other
brother yeah
you know he had him and then we were
talking about having a second child like
how could I possibly love a second child
as much as I love ya and how could I
share that love and then I think I
learned that love is not finite it's
infinitely expansive so that I can love
you just as much and it doesn't mean I
love anybody else less so I think I like
that thanks mom and dad for being in the
vlog in the comments tell me something
about your parents that you think you've
inherited or a way that you've taken
after them and you can find me on all of
my social medias in the links below
subscribe if you're so inclined and I'll
see you next week
