hi friends an unexpected side effect of
moving far away from your family dog
withdrawal if it weren't for the
multiple snaps a week my parents send me
on my dog I would be a broken woman
sometimes when I got them it still hurts
me a little I'll be checking my snaps
like luckily i live in scale which is a
super dog friendly city people take
their dogs to work people take their
dogs into stores there's a sign on my
grocery store that says sorry no dogs
but what it really means is like only
four to five dogs at a time please
there's no leashes there's no justice
dogs run these streets which is a
blessing because then I get to make dog
friends like there's this little Viggo
who sometimes leashed up at the
restaurant on the corner and the first
time I stopped to pet it it was super
friendly but as soon as I started
walking away it started howling like at
going down the street everybody in the
restaurants day was ruined I'm pretty
sure it was detectable from space so the
next time I saw this dog I petted it
anyway and before he walks away I was
like hey friend go away now everything's
been okay you promised me Jimmy shish
please pent okay and ever since then
we've had an understanding there's
another guy in my neighborhood who's
always walking these three little
Terriers three of them and the black one
because Korres was the black one always
kind of comes running up to me like hey
let's ditch these clowns I'm gonna go
with you want to take it so bad or when
I'm out and I don't see one of my
official dog friends I'll do that thing
where I see a dog approaching and I just
go yeah
be it's gotten to the point where I
forget these dogs come with humans and
that the humans can hear me and then
they start walking a little faster
because they think I'm creepy so dog
friends I'm good people friends jury's
still out in the comments I want you to
tell me a story about your favorite dog
whether it is yours or otherwise if you
liked this video you can consider
subscribing if you're so inclined you
can also find me on all my social media
links below and I will see you next week
bye
