hi friends it is quite likely that i am
on a plane when you were watching this
so i thought i would just take this week
to say hello to some of the new folks
here hi thinks there's a lot of you and
also answer some of your questions so to
start small cat lady asks who is your
favorite author / poet and why Kurt
Vonnegut Junot Diaz the Year waheed why
empathy miss Neal Leo asked how were you
able to combine your nonprofit job with
your love for graphic design easy
nonprofits typically do not have the
budget for full time graphic designers
so if you show up and you say hey I have
this skill and I like to design things
they will be like yes please go do it
the critics 6 m9 asked a whole lot of
questions and we're going to try and do
these rapid fire how old are you 24 why
did you start a YouTube channel or the
attention are you a good driver no I'm a
bit of a lot of foot did you take all
the sweaters behind you yes these are
all from my Instagram if you want to
follow me lose the link below what is
your daily regimen you always do wake up
tumblr exercise right right right tumblr
talk to friends sweet Savior seller
asked are you black you're very
beautiful are those supposed to be
mutually exclusive because yes and yes
Hannah Eleanor I asked what kind of
writing do you see yourself doing in
your future fiction nonfiction plays
songs right now I do copywriting script
writing content marketing kind of stuff
I write reviews and I write stories for
this blog but in the future think of a
good memoir in me in 30 years no
imagination station asked me what's your
favorite color this one sunni and asks
are you going to start claiming
Twitter gave you PTSD nah bro twitter is
all about positive energy blessings
boston's positive energy and blessings
Riley kaya seeker asks while you're
definitely mixed race i'm curious is
that your mother who's the white
supremacist or your father neither
pretty sure that's just you evo and oz
asked white supremacist checking in now
who will we oppressed today this has
taken a turn Justin Dennis asks if you
had to study something other than
English what would you study include
mystics or maybe speech pathology but
maybe engineering just to prove that I
could test soooo 57 also has a long list
how many angels can dance on the head of
a dolphin for regular angels seven baby
angel heads what is your least favorite
film Synecdoche New York it's a Charlie
Kaufman movie and it's utter
what is your favorite tool a paper clip
there's a lot of these we're going to
skip a few can you whistle what is your
favorite aroma cedar or licorice tea or
my shampoo three essential roadtrip
items gummy bears podcasts phone charger
and sword or axe sword centura asks do
you like bats I adore bad and frankly I
cherish bats if Syria asks what kind of
books or films are formative for you
going up a series of unfortunate events
the bell jar and the portable Dorothy
Parker and more recently the brief
wondrous life of Oscar Wow and if feel
Street could talk but I'd say that
probably music was more formative
for me than anything I had a lot of
brand-new and fall out boy and went
through a bit of an elliott smith phase
and i'm currently in the midst of a
towel on the get down stay down
revolution and finally Rowan asks can
you say what panel / top / magics you
are doing it this wasn't for the Q&A but
I want to take it as an opportunity to
say I will be a featured crater at
VidCon I'm going to be one of the
facilitators at the women on YouTube
workshop I'm super excited I hope I get
to see a lot of you there in the
comments please tell me about a book or
film or music that was formative for you
there when up if you liked this video
you can consider subscribing you can
also find me on all my social medias and
legs bow I'll see you next week bye
