hi friends so this week creative tutor
was having this conversation tag to
share your rejection it was supposed to
be like a comforting thing where all the
people that we admire are like yeah I
submitted my manuscript to 30 publishers
and all of them said no and then the
31st said yes and now it's a best-seller
yeah to make you like helpful and
believe in yourself but I found it kind
of unsettling okay so I have a lot of
issues with the way that we cultural you
mythologize failure but that's a whole
separate video in fact I already made it
you can go watch it here here ya know
here this one okay but back to this the
whole she rejection narrative only kind
of works if he can be like yeah look at
me now suckers I did everything I wanted
to do and I didn't even need your grant
money Glenn it doesn't so much work when
you have the Gmail folder of all the
grants and residences and incubators and
fellowships you applied for and you
didn't get but you don't have the exhale
the hole and then I made it part you
know who I share my rejections with my
journal where I can be as petulant and
gloomy as I want to but I was trying to
see if I had any stories that fit the
formula we're looking for the fall seven
times stand-up eight genre the self-made
man memoir archetype so I went back to
middle school and I found her sitting on
vinyl flooring wearing jazz pants I had
just finished leaping and turning and
running 32 count combinations with a
couple dozen other eighth graders
auditioning for our Studios junior dance
company we were at that age where every
single school day felt like an audition
to be liked to be accepted to be cool to
fit in and here it was materialized
because to be in company meant that you
were one of the strongest dancers you
got to be in all the best routines and
you got to compete which is what all of
us really wanted that meant we were
really cool but I still had crooked
glasses in a middle part I hadn't even
quite figured out not to brush curly
hair yet so my ponytail stuck out like
the tail of a squirrel coming out of my
head as we were dismissed from auditions
we all crowded around the window in the
hallway that looked into the studio to
watch the girls in the senior
and he danced one day we'd be like them
we'd figure out how to move our bodies
as if they weren't apologies but until
then we had to wait it took almost a
week to get the letter in the mail it
was printed on computer paper and a
standard flimsy envelope but it still
felt like the most momentous piece of
mail I'd ever gotten in my life
I took it straight to my room which was
humid and hazy with afternoon Sun and I
ripped it open and scanned it for words
like accepted pleased welcome or
congratulations but instead I found
under a study it didn't mean I was out
but I started heaving sobs because being
an understudy meant that I could still
perform in the recital with the rest of
the company but in the back row but I
couldn't dance in competitions and that
was the whole shiny halo on being in
company in the first place at our first
practice we got a speech about the level
we were expected to work at now we
should all be trying to dance as hard as
the best girl in the room and if we
thought we were the best we should be
making damn sure that nobody was coming
for our crown and the understudies got
singled out so that everyone could
understand why would we perform in with
them sometimes and not others all three
of us scrawny and spectacled gawky limbs
piled over each other and slurping from
plastic water bottles while we listened
to our teacher explained as gently as
possibly could be explained that we
can't compete because we're not quite
good enough the thing is she was right I
had spent the last handful of years at
Dance class phoning it in like we got
these burned CDs of our recital music so
that we could practice at home but I
never practiced and in fact even in
class I took every water break I could
possibly take to avoid having to work as
hard but then recital time came around
and I got a costume and an audience and
I turned on all that energy I should
have been bringing to the rest of my
classes but even that couldn't make up
for the fact that I've been half-assing
it up to that point and it finally stuck
with me so I started picking up the best
girls in class watching Becca and
and Kirby and trying to leap like they
could leap or hold my arms like they
held their arms or stretch as far as
they could stretch and I started getting
better by the end of the year I was
promoted to full company by the next
year we were rehearsing in the weeks
leading up to a competition and my
teacher was trying to motivate us get us
all to be a little bit better she gave
us the speech about trying to dance as
hard as the best girl in class she told
us that we couldn't give 50% and expect
to perform at 100 and then she said
Taylor yeah what was your role in
company last year I was an understudy
where are you dancing this year in the
front row in the front row that's what
happens when you work hard and like
that's the kind of energy I'm trying to
have creatively right now because I was
reading the share your rejection tag and
it sort of treated rejection like a new
numbers game like it's not always fair
it's not always about you but if you try
enough times inevitably you will
eventually succeed and I think yeah
that's sometimes true that's what I try
to remind myself in my head whenever I
got a rejection email that it doesn't
mean that I personally as a person I'm
not good enough but I don't know
sometimes it is about me sometimes I'm
putting in 50 and expecting to get a
hundred back and I'm not all the way
ready for the front row or probably if I
want to be a little more charitable to
myself and not get into capitalists
bootstraps territory it's that I have a
full-time job so I can't be giving a
hundred to my side projects and it's
just gonna take me a little longer and
some day I'm gonna tell you one of those
if they could see me now stories and
you're gonna roll your eyes and you're
gonna say tailored those hashtags let
people self-select for a specific type
of story because the people who are just
out here trying and not succeeding they
don't get the retweet so we don't see
those stories and we only ever hear
about people going from understudy to
the front row and you'll be right which
is why I'm telling you I'm not there yet
I'm not making any big exciting moves I
don't even have to swipe up on Instagram
story it's kind of clout yet but I'm
just out here making videos about every
other week for about a thousand people
at a time and that still matters
a whole lot to me share your rejections
in the comments even if they don't have
a gratifying twist ending if you liked
this video share it with someone who you
think might like it this is a word of
mouth kind of channel so that really
helps so much I'll see you soon bye
