hi friends kids are mean little gremlins
you have to go out of your way to teach
them to be nice to each other so in
second grade miss Leland gave us an
assignment where we had to draw a name
of another one of her classmates and
create some kind of award for them
I don't remember whose name I drew or
what I said about them so clearly that
lesson in selflessness and empathy fails
but I do remember exactly who drew my
name and that he told me that I had the
best vocabulary he even wrote on the
paper that perhaps I shouldn't grow up
to be some sort of woodsman or as I
later thesaurus it lexicographer I still
got my memory right next to this story
about how I taught myself to read as a
child and subsequently became a huge
dick about how I could already read when
I got to kindergarten Oh dr. Seuss yeah
I actually read chapter books so I lump
it in with a handful of nice comments
that I got on high school papers and the
fact that no matter how hard I fought it
and tried to pick a more practical major
the inevitable siren song of studying
writing and college sent me in all these
events are individual enough are
disconnected by distance and time but
there's a reason that I have gone back
and tried to tie them together and
exclude the outliers like when I avoided
taking the advanced English class in
high school or I stopped writing fiction
all together because a boy was mean to
me but in times when I feel a little bit
lost at sea wondering who am i what am I
supposed to be I go back and I consult
my personal mythology and like Hercules
strangling serpents and the cradle I
think words I'm good at words I always
have been people knew when I was seven I
am Taylor she who uses her words and a
prophecy of second grade superlatives
foretold of my epic quest to turn
stories into something I haven't
finished writing it yet
this is an early draft and sometimes
this is helpful like when I get to
telling myself that I have no business
calling myself a writer
even though
I have a degree in writing and all I do
is write but it can be tricky because
while it's beautiful to imagine that
you've always been destined one thing if
you spend so much time telling yourself
one story and it doesn't pan out or you
change your mind who are you then but if
there's anything that I've learned by
being good at words is that it's
important to edit my own personal
mythology is heavily cherry-picks I
could go back and look at actual events
and construct any kind of prologue for
whatever happens next even the greatest
minutes get revised with each retelling
so tell me in comments a story that is
important to your personal mythology if
you liked this video you can consider
subscribing if you're so inclined you
can also find me in all my social medias
in the links below
I'm also going to be doing a Q&A
adjacent type a video soon so if you
have questions ask me in comments and I
will see you next week bye
