hi friends I am NOT a punctual person I
haven't talked about this yet because
there are certain people that I don't
want to know this about me and get the
wrong idea hi future employers I will be
on time for work but I tend to have a
more casual relationship with time when
it comes to less important things like
my mental health if one shows up at
one's appointed time to my therapist
office she will come down to the waiting
area and greet you but if you don't well
here's every text that I have for my
therapist on my phone hi come up when
you arrive just come up when you arrive
hi come on up when you're I come on up
when you get here come on up when you
arrive hey there come on up when you get
you come up when you get here she sorry
i was thinking we're at three on my way
coming up and you arrived come up when
you get here and finally come on up when
you arrived oh man those tiny sentence
variations are so charitable like I
almost can't feel her getting more sick
of my every time showing up on time
at this point would be like kind of
inconsiderate she knows she's got four
to seven minutes to check her phone
maybe get a glass of water and I don't
want to ruin that for her honestly I
know my lateness could be fairly
perceived as a lack of respect for other
people's time and I feel horrible about
that but I think it's less that I don't
care about making people wait it's just
that I believe in myself more than I
believe in physics like when google maps
tells me it takes 18 minutes to walk
somewhere I'm re-routing that down
my head look I'm a fast Walker I could
do it in 15 but then in 15 minutes
before I need to be there I'm walking
around my house with a mascara wand in
one hand trying to figure out where i
might have off my socks and i think i
could probably listen to the last six
minutes in this podcast and still be ok
so by the time i'm out the door I've got
seven minutes and point 82 miles and
very short legs and it just doesn't math
you know they tell you you can do
anything if you set your mind to it
except for become a video game with
Hedgehog but my biggest problem is that
other people seem to believe in me too
like I show up and it's just all oh no
it was no problem or we weren't even
waiting that long or if I don't
apologize profusely they don't even
mention it at all they're just being too
nice to me i would probably shame once
just once for being late I would never
do it again just once I want to show up
for something and have someone to be
like stop that you punk we don't like it
and I would be punctual I up for the
rest of my days so for those of you who
know me IRL you probably don't want to
yell at me I get it that's what makes
you a good person well I am an actual
literal slug but consider this option if
we agreed to meet any specific time and
that time arrives are you not yet met
don't have to say anything just shoot me
a text that says hey just come on up
when you arrive so tell me in comments
what is your one fatal flaw that you
wish you could correct and if you're on
time for things how do I get my
together if you liked this video you can
subscribe if you are so inclined you can
also find me on all my social medias in
the links below and I will see you next
week bye
