hi friends so I spent this last week in
New York a trip from which I have no
footage at all right I spend most of the
time working which was wonderful it felt
wonderful to be working and swiftly
abbreviating the list of foods which I
have not read it was good to be around
people it was good to be writing and
eating and talking and moving however
loosely through the mythologized shuffle
of the city but my last day in town I
spent entirely alone walking through
parks and bookstores and eventually
finding myself in the American Museum of
Natural History it's a beautiful museum
and huge it's laid out like a labyrinth
where you just have to weave through
mountain goat diorama after Nepalese
artifact to get to where you're going
and in the corner of a corner of a
corner that I had 25 past oceans and
meteors and the whole of human evolution
to get to I ended up in the Hall of
minerals perhaps not the most popular
exhibit it's a room full of rocks albeit
a room full of rocks that was a very
pretty Instagram and it had the least
evidence of life of any room in the
whole museum sort of there are a lot of
ways that minerals can form but most
often it starts somewhere deep within
the Earth's crust high temperatures and
tons of pressure can liquefy the
minerals that exist there mixing and
concentrating and cooling into new
crystal structures we can't sum up here
of course but they're there minerals
that look like something out of science
fiction landscapes just quietly building
into shapes that look like bubbling
stretching stacking slicing there's
always a something considerable depth
below whatever ways on it struggling
against pressure moving in whatever
little ways it can move growing into
something may be useful or may be
beautiful or maybe both and I can only
see it sometimes I
no more emotion than a stack of rocks
but I too I'm quietly growing so in
comments please tell me a small way in
which you grown if you like this video
please consider subscribing if you're so
inclined you can also find me on all my
social medias in the links below cuz
that's the only way you're going to
figure out what I do when I travel
apparently alright I will see you next
week goodbye
