hi friends so when I was old enough to
ride a bike competently but not yet old
enough to write it by myself my dad and
my brother and I would helm it up and
ride down the hill and across the train
tracks and behind the neighborhood pool
to what was my very first book store it
was a borders may it rest in peace but
it was small and comfortable and
whenever we went there my dad would let
me pick out whichever book I wanted
whichever one even that time that it was
the unauthorized biography Brittany
spews but then I got a little older and
a little bigger and so did my book store
our cozy quiet location shut down and
then became a shoe store and then open
area and then a giant trying to books
but mostly DVDs and CDs remember those
opened up down the street by then I was
in it for the free book not so much the
family bonding that was no coincidence
that I'd go in pockets line with that
bed bath and beyond tall holding money
and leave with some solid mid-2000s emo
albums about leaving this town and never
coming back by college I had no
bookstore I was just broke AF and a
possession of three different library
cards and in a tradition of my reading
enablers being very metaphorically
resonant i own nothing and nothing owned
me but when i moved back home started
putting down roots i found my first
independent bookstore athlete I told a
Room of One's Own feminist yes but they
had regular books too dad it's where
some of my favorite books my entire
collection came from like this one we're
this I started reading all the women and
people of color that my baby social
justice heart could handle when it moved
across the country at the end of last
summer a bookstore was one of the first
places I have found and made my own it's
bigger and more unfamiliar than the one
else behind but still has enough quiet
corners that I can play that game of
where you choose a book at random
dramatically recite a passage to your
friends if they happen to visit and if I
happen to get to show them a place
that's mine all mine so it happens that
I can tell my life story in bookstores
but in the comments I want to know what
thing or place you would use to tell
your story go ahead and tell the whole
thing if you've got time if not just go
ahead and describe to me your favorite
bookstore in detail and if you liked
this video you can consider subscribing
you can also find me on all my social
medias in the links below and I will see
you next week goodbye
