hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're gonna react to Lana Del Rey
again I know that it's been like not all
that long since I did the first video on
her but I had so many requests for a
part two so I figure there's no better
time like the present right I've
selected a few new songs based on your
recommendations in the last video if you
haven't seen that video make sure you go
check it out I need to do two quick
plugs before we get into the video so
first off I know that you guys have
requested like over and over and over
again that you want to hear me sing so
if you want to hear me sing I posted a
tiny little snippet up on Instagram TV
you go follow my instagram the handle
will be on screen and I think I'm gonna
be posting more stuff like that on IG TV
I've actually quite enjoyed my
experience with Instagram lately and
secondly I'm part of a new app called
firework which is like vine Meets
musically I guess it's like short form
content like 15 seconds max and there's
all kinds of different comedy staff and
music staff dancing and just people
being people I've been making some
content over there I think it's really
cool so I'm gonna leave a download link
in the description as well as my handle
so you can go follow me there as well
right so the first song we'll listen to
is called West Coast I mean I suppose it
makes sense that it's set on a beach
considering you know West Coast
I'm guessing it's about like west coast
in California you know okay not the vibe
I sort of expected if it was gonna be
about the west coast
oh okay I say it's more like a husky
style actually quite dig that I'm
usually not a fan of like black and
white music videos but it's working for
this vibes
I'm really digging her voice of that
pitch just that I really really love
when husky singers can hit like a really
nice high notes
that's a complete change in temper
is she saying she's in love with like a
guy or the west coast I feel like it's
kind of like she's in love with the West
Coast right I mean that's what the song
is about well I really like this
breakdown funnily enough I can't tell if
this is like auntie west coast like
consumerism Hollywood sort of thing or
just like yeah love and all the cool
stuff down here maybe I'm just an idiot
or something
I would love to see her performing this
live because like her face and stuff
doesn't really like match what's coming
out because obviously it's a music video
like I would love to see how she is
while delivering those high notes
because I feel like it would just be
like really powerful to watch there's
the color and it's fire earth got to be
symbolic of something my analysis is
slipping
one of the things that I don't know if
this is really like symbolic of anything
but when I said like hey there's fire
and color one thing I noticed that was
like kind of weird it was like there
were these lines and stuff coming out of
the background so kind of looked like
she was hypnotizing the audience which
is cool and this might just be like some
random interpretation that I've pulled
out of nowhere but maybe it's a comment
on how like the entertainment industry
and mainstream media and everything sort
of like control the way people view
subjects I don't know I might be
reaching I'm probably raging let's move
on to the next song which is called blue
jeans
I haven't owned blue jeans in quite a
while but maybe I should buy some more
trippy stuff
a wild Lana Del Rey appears a little
didn't intent intent didn't and don't
enter my god this is already making me
like question my existence why do you do
this to me Lana
I love those like you make my eyes burn
like James Dean
you know what's interesting about this
that I've kind of already noticed is
that we're kind of bombarded with songs
from male artists lusting after the
female body right but I've just realized
that it's not too common to hear songs
that are like lusting after the male
body so this is kind of like an
interesting subversion that I haven't
really heard I mean maybe it is common
and I just I'm not aware of it but as
far as I've seen it's like female
singers a kind of like pigeon-holed into
singing about like creepy love songs you
know and it's nice to see deviation from
that industry force
crocodile
she was saying that she'd stayed up
waiting anticipating but I feel like the
guy didn't show well something is that
what I'm getting
yeah okay so this person did leave maybe
it was like a first love or something
I wonder if there's some kind of
symbolism going on with the crocodiles
like she's swimming with the sharks
not visit us beautiful shops out there
sorry I was honestly just enthralled by
the visuals and that chorus I really
really liked that chorus
so far out of those two songs we've
listened to i've definitely preferred
this one i'm very curious as to whether
anything else in this list will top it
because i really really liked that so
much so that i'll actually like add that
to my playlist right now at the playlist
Kabam world it was just a really
pleasant sound and vibe and it
transitioned really seamlessly between
like verses and chorus it all felt very
natural and it flowed very well which
like really appeals to me I mean I do
like songs that take me by surprise but
when things are just really fluid and
nice it makes them easy to listen to
which is kind of my preference in
general now that I've listened to Lana
Del Rey a little bit more it is really
interesting to see how she kind of does
seem to go for subverting the whole like
pop music industry and the genres that
are expected it's admirable and it's
pretty cool all right the next song is
called music to watch boys to which is a
cool title but also I feel like this
might touch on the last theme I was just
talking about about how like we don't
really see that much of talking about
how hot guys are and stuff like that
it's more relationship based stuff
whereas songs that are about women oh my
god they are just littered with just
very very vivid imagery I like you a lot
too Lana
this is giving me like Nirvana album
cover vibes and know if anyone else sees
that
you
I like this kind of lyricism I'm kind of
a weird fan of like lyrics that aren't
necessarily crazy poetic and full of
like English devices I actually quite
like songs that just kind of thoughts it
feels like this is just a way of her
conveying I thought
funnily enough like I know that course
isn't meant to be the really engaging
catchy part of songs but I'm much
preferring the verses here it just feels
a lot more like my vibe right now I'll
have to admit though the chorus does
kind of make my head Bop
that's a cool little
couple of lines just nice to hear a kind
of repetition there that says different
things each line
I feel like Lana Del Rey's music videos
contains so much imagery that would take
so long to just like break down all of
it but I mean from my perspective it's
kind of cool and engaging
oh I just realized the course is saying
I like you a lot so I do what you want
maybe that's a commentary on like male
expectations
I feel like there was a lot of meaning
and symbolism in that music video I mean
myself I didn't really quite catch on to
the message so I would love to hear what
you have to say if you can kind of
elaborate on that music video for me I'd
be really really thankful I definitely
feel like there's a very strong message
behind it I'm just like not quite
hearing it maybe I'd have to go and have
a look at the lyrics this next song is
called video games I'm pretty excited to
listen to it because while I haven't
actually heard the song I've definitely
heard this name and I heard the name a
million billion gazillion times in the
comment section of the last video so the
hype and expectations are real that flip
this sounds like it's about a young
relationship as well that's kind of the
message I'm getting so far
there's a really cute lyrics heaven is a
place on earth with you what a little
sweetheart
this feels like quite reminiscent as
well especially with the spliced in
footage of like iconic Hollywood places
it seems like she's reminiscing about
the time she first got to Hollywood as
well okay so I'm kind of starting to
feel like it's about finding simplicity
in this whole like crazy world
especially when it comes to like the
whole world the fame that she's
exploring again I'm sure this is all
entirely you're open for interpretation
but that's kind of family feeling right
now I would love to hear your opinions
as well there's something about like old
home movies that just get me like happy
and full of nostalgia I don't even
really like have that many home movies
but I don't know I'm like yeah it's so
like lovely and warm
better than
even you
this video is also really cute because
you can see how kind of like Loki it is
in comparison to her later videos like
this is before she got the huge budgets
and was like crazy successful so we're
kind of like looking at her grassroots
right here and it's adorable
alright I quite liked that as well I
thought that was really nice as far as
what I preferred though it's still blue
jeans I really liked that song the other
three were songs I would definitely
listen to they just kind of didn't
resonate with me at least musically as
well as blue jeans did I feel like I'm
going on and on about blue jeans I just
I really I really liked it okay and
we're gonna move on what I want to say
about Lana Del Rey overall is that like
it seems really cool to see a musician
where you have to kind of think to
extract a message it's not just like so
obvious and it in your face and kind of
in that way and this sounds like so
pretentious but like Lana Del Rey's
music videos kind of feel like works of
art it's kind of like a mini film you
know you have to look for the meaning
and kind of extract your own and maybe
that's like a bit of extra work that
some people don't like but I find it
quite cool anyway thank you very much
for watching I hope you enjoyed the
video please let me know your thoughts I
want to hear everything you have to say
about Lana Del Rey specifically those
four videos if you think I've missed
anything in regards to meaning or
misinterpreted anything please let me
know I'm always keen to hear I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did please
don't forget to click that like button
and as always have an awesome time until
I see you next see ya
