hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be reacting to
Drake I know I know that it seems
absolutely crazy that I've never really
listened to Drake but it's true there's
only one song of his that I think I've
heard a bit of or maybe most though and
that's hotline bling as is to be
expected because it was literally
everywhere but other than that I'm here
ready to listen to some Drake with my
perspective of knowing absolutely
nothing somehow I've managed to turn my
lack of knowledge into an advantage
funnily enough and the thing that
prompted me to make this video I went to
my brother's like going-away event
because he's actually moving to the
States
so like five years for university you're
gonna miss him I really am and he held
like an American themed party right and
even though Drake is Canadian two people
who I also know and a friends of mine
organized in advance and rocked up as
Drake they were dressed fully in Drake
outfits it was incredible and I thought
it was definitely worth a mention in
this video before we start though if
you're new here make sure you click
Subscribe and enable notifications so
you get notified anytime I upload a new
video all right let's do it
I already take the beat I've asked about
you and Nate so many things but this is
significantly more upbeat than I
expected for Drake
you
I'm bad at all now I've mentioned a
couple of times
I really really like fast quick pace
delivered lyrics I love rap I listen to
all sorts of rap I like songs that have
really fast lyrics I love me some rap
and I love me some faster I enjoy rap I
really like a rap and I really like
Instagram I'm a sucker for fast spoken
songs why I really really love rap
you
Drake and Rihanna I don't know like even
though I don't really have much contacts
I don't I haven't even really listened
to that much Rihanna to be honest but it
just seemed like a weird combo but
watching it on the screen and hearing it
it makes a lot of sense is that where
the meme comes from oh my god that a
million
I don't work out what they're like
meaning of these lyrics are just like
bits of it kind of sound like it's about
love or a relationship but it's kind of
I know I guess given the song title it
maybe is about someone like looking out
for someone else that's kind of the vibe
I'm getting at least especially like the
whole thing about being annoyed that you
bought the dream I guess that's kind of
like about being naive
you
okay listening to that little chorus Ben
it sounds like it's directed towards
someone that's like closed off because
of past experiences
that was actually a pretty cool spin on
that it is actually really interesting
and important thing I think there are a
lot of people that close themselves off
to potential new experiences because of
past negative experiences mostly in
regards like love or relationships but
it can be in relation to a lot of things
I mean as a personal example I realized
that a little while ago that I was doing
this my childhood dog died like who he
is go two or three years ago and a
possibility came along my way where I
could potentially adopt a new pet and I
was like so closed off to the idea
because I was like okay I don't know if
I'm able to accept a pet knowing that
they're gonna die cuz I don't I don't
want to go through that again and even
though we didn't end up actually
adopting the pet for other reasons I
kind of realized how unhealthy that
behavior is and understood that like I
can't shut myself off from all this
positivity because of an inevitable
negative outcome and yeah that was that
was really eye-opening when I realized
that so that song kind of spoke to me
probably not for the same reasons as it
would speak to a lot of people yeah
that's that's one of the reasons I
enjoyed that all right so the next song
we're listening to is called energy the
cord means rewind a gunshot means
forward you requested it so we're you
watch what you're doing why are you
shooting me Drake I don't like it way
way way up yeah I wonder if this is
gonna be related to his childhood or
I'm going online that ain't part of my
day I've always been curious as to
whether like a list celebrities do pay
attention to the gossip or terrible
things that people say about them I
gotta act like I like I also like that
in these sorts of industries there are a
lot of people that you do need to
pretend to like I guess thanks girls see
the female version to me I got strippers
in my life when they purchase to me I
everybody talking about what they gonna
be I got high hopes for you we gon see
so it seems that this song is talking
about funneling his energy towards
positive things I guess and not wasting
energy on a bunch of other stuff that
just drags him down I got enemies got a
lot of enemies got a lot of people
trying to train me at a synergy that's
also a cool message like I've got
enemies got a lot of enemies people
trying to drain me of manager yeah so
like I said it seems like the point of
this is that there's a lot of people
that are trying to take things away from
him whether I guess it's like time
energy or something monetary but he's
trying to focus on the important things
and not get dragged down I think he was
talking about how like other people that
aren't him do that as well and he's
right there is a heck of a lot of
negativity just around and that's I
guess that's human nature cuz I do it a
lot too over the last like year or so I
have been trying to adjust that and see
things in a different light but you know
I think it's only natural to get hung up
on the negative things but as long as
when you do it you realize that what
you're doing is unhealthy then I think
you know you can move on okay so the
next one is called God's plan now while
I haven't actually listens this song or
seen the music video I've heard a lot
about it they've been so many people
talking about it I'm really keen to find
out what it's all about
the budget for this video was almost a
million dollars that's and gave it all
the way don't tell the label you just
told them I like that guy
just company people's grocery bills I
don't wanna miss that one was like
everything guys plan I think that was
like a scholarship I saw University of
Michigan I want to thank
you
I don't want to die for them to miss me
that's cool that's a really cool line
bad thing
there's a lot of bad things that they're
wishing on me that line seems to be
conveying a similar message to the last
thing we listen to like there's a lot of
bad things they wish in and on me but
I'm gonna focus on doing good stuff and
spreading positivity can you imagine
just like a car pulls up and Drake gets
out and I still love that guy so I take
him out for a drink I like that I like
that a lot
like I said spreading positivity for the
sake of spreading positivity and just I
don't know making people's days that was
genuinely touching all right so the last
one we're listening to is called nice
for what oh I live here well I love
Olivia Wilde she's incredible so I'm
already completely sold on this music
video
rashida Jones as well just bust they're
all the actresses this music video has a
very different feel for the last ones
who've listened to this is very
cinematic and kind of traditional music
videos
really be the same okay alright so I've
again I'm listening to the lyrics and I
was like not really understanding what
the title was nice for what here in the
context of it it sounds like it's saying
like why do I have to be nice to these
people that are you know Too Faced or
backstabby and stuff it's a short life
again I like the message of focusing on
the good stuff
I want to go go-karting for a for a
Drake music video Hayami Drake I'll come
didn't expect us to change pace so
sudden
watch the breakdown oh it came back cool
they have a little like credit section
for a music video I don't know if I've
really seen this before I knew she
looked familiar
okay wow so that was a genuinely
interesting and surprising experience
listening to all those songs I've got to
admit I had the idea that Drake would
maybe like just be singing about the
same sort of things he here in pop a lot
I don't know if I've just picked four
songs that were different than that but
overall I've been pretty impressed with
the versatility as well as the different
sort of perspectives he's looking at
various things with and all the messages
in these videos I think are important
are interesting and they're positive
which is not easy to do and especially
not easy to do without seeming like
really cool like especially God's plan
that could have come out so corny and
people might not have liked it but he
found a way to do it in a really like
classy and cool way that also didn't
seem very condescending because giving
out money and stuff to people some
people are very very prideful and don't
accept things from other people like
that but yeah I feel like the tone of it
was not condescending and the intention
behind it was just about doing something
good and I feel like that resonates with
me it really makes sense to me that a
lot of people have enjoyed these songs
and a lot of people have become invested
in Drake in a personal way overall I'd
say I've actually been converted I might
go and sit down and listen to a bunch
more Drake songs and really understand
where he's coming from listen to a bunch
of his messages anyway those are just my
thoughts I'd love to hear yours you a
Drake fan what was your favorite out of
all those songs you listen to or did you
not like any of them I'm always always
keen to hear your thoughts thank you
very much for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did don't
forget to click that like button and as
always have an awesome time until I see
you next see ya
