hello there my name is Matthew McKenna
and welcome back to my channel so in the
past I've done a couple of these sort of
videos I did a how well do you know One
Direction quiz and who is my 1d
boyfriend quiz turns out it was oh no I
won't you know what I'm not gonna spoil
it I'll just leave a link down below in
the comments and a card up there go
watch it if you want to find out who my
One Direction boyfriend is so today
we're going to do another quiz but this
one is a bit different it's finding out
which member of One Direction I am I'm
really excited I'm on the edge of my
seat I'm tense I'm dying to know who I
am I'm gonna say I feel like it's Harry
I resonate with Harry but you know we'll
leave it up to the gods to decide before
we start though if you are new here make
sure you click Subscribe internal
notifications so you get notified any
time I upload a video all right let's do
this
13 questions to decide my fate which one
dboy do you most see yourself hanging
out with I mean I answered that before
I'm pretty sure it would be Harry I mean
I just feel like me and Harry would be
best buds that said I also feel like me
and Louie would be best buds I once saw
a tweet about some dude that just
randomly met him at a concert and he
just seemed like a really chill dude you
know and III vibe with chilled people I
like to think of myself as a chill that
person even though I'm highly strung and
incredibly stressed at all times so I
guess we'll say Harry done look at it
BAM
oh I have to click next sitting here
like when's it gonna change no I have to
click next which clothing item could you
never live without fedora m'lady Fedora
skinny jeans glasses leather jacket or
chelsea boots the only one of these
options that I wear are skinny jeans and
they look damn fine on me so I'm gonna
go skinny jeans pick your color yellow
green red blue pink blues my favorite
color that's an easy one
thanks for the easy question pick on one
direction single oh gosh I don't know
that many no control I reacted to that
one best song ever
also perfect also what makes you
beautiful also I think the only one I
haven't listened to on this list is live
while we're young all the others I've
reacted to I don't actually know what to
choose I don't remember perfect that
well I don't know if it has a music
video I don't remember no control was a
pretty fun music video but I wasn't too
big a fan of the song best song ever
though like that music video the song
was also pretty fun
and also I didn't realize at the start
that those were the band members just
dressed in makeup and different clothes
looks like I cannot believe that I
didn't realize that so I'm gonna go with
best song Ella pick a name seems so
random with a speaker named Troy
Javad James Edward or Jimmy what this
seems like the weirdest question to to
ascertain what band member I am Jimmy is
just a nickname of James why would they
include those Troy's kind of nice I
guess I'm gonna go Troy I like Troy take
a one d better half okay no lies here
genuinely the only name I recognized is
Taylor Swift look honestly I wasn't even
that big a fan of the Taylor Swift stuff
that I listened to for a video I guess I
only know her so I have to go Taylor
Swift right which word best describes
you these are my favorite ones because
it's so easy to sound so pretentious
love liked danger mystery this sounds
like I'm in a really like basic and
dodgy perfume commercial love light
danger mystery by Matthew number five
available in all department stores today
I'm not dangerous I guess I'm pretty
loved full loving loving I guess I'm
kind of powerful there's nothing I'm
gonna go love go corny what's your
favorite city oh wow my hometown song
here never been to London or New York or
Tokyo I've been to Sydney and Los
Angeles
I do love Tokyo though and I do love
London as well but Los Angeles winds
it's just a city full of art and full of
life I love it BAM LA what's your
favorite One Direction album up all
night take me home midnight memories for
made in the am the only one I haven't
listened to in a video is take me home I
don't think I've listened to that album
and out of them all which one had
history because I like that one I think
that was for no no I think was meeting
a.m. yeah made in the a.m. okay I'm
gonna go with made in the a.m. cuz I did
like that and history was a really
really cool song to me so what's your
favorite wonder oh gosh I have not heard
in
of these but I have heard that the
teenage dirtbag cover is really good and
I'm going to be doing it for a video
I've told people I'm gonna be doing it
for a video now I'm announcing to you I
will do the one direction teenage
dirtbag cover for a video and out of all
of these it's definitely my favorite
song so we just teenage dirtbag I'm
choosing you okay I choose you what's
your favorite meal breakfast lunch
brunch or dinner well I prefer snacking
snacking is pretty good but I don't know
man breakfast is is is killer
you got pancakes and french toast my
gosh but also I'm annoyed that this
answer is not on there because this
would actually be my favorite meal Rinna
you haven't had breakfast dinner you're
missing out it's amazing tonight just go
make like french toast and pancakes for
dinner or like cereal do it it's amazing
so with that breakfast it is what's your
ideal date ice-skating carnivals are fun
a nice drive in the park a quiet night
in
Neera lit fireplace or in exclamation a
romantic dinner although ice-skating is
also an exclamation mark so I should
have said ice-skating now I don't think
many people know this about me I
actually quite like ice-skating and I'm
pretty good at it I enjoy it it's fun I
like just gliding along although all of
these sounds pretty good to me to be
honest but I am gonna go with ice
skating because that's me I'm not gonna
go with carnivals because a lot of rides
terrify me especially the dodgy ones
that you find at carnivals why are you
gonna do during one Direction's hiatus
try and leave my house cry with my
fellow Direction is possibly leave the
house cryin never leave my house crying
maybe leave my house continue on they'd
want me to find a new band to love
nothing this is the end of days look
this might get me some heat doesn't
really bother me that much I'm not very
attached to one direction
I've liked some of the stuff that I've
listened to wouldn't call myself a fan
so I guess I'm gonna go with find a new
band to love that makes sense I got Liam
again so not only would I date Liam but
apparently I am Liam oh sorry I just
spoiled The One Direction boyfriend
Chris I got Liam Payne as my boyfriend
now I got Liam Payne as who I am
why I don't I honestly don't feel like
Liam and I have that much in common at
all oh man that's that's that's really
something okay fine fine fine so that's
a that's the quiz that's the result you
know I'm just gonna I'm I'm not I'm not
gonna say anything wrong I'm just gonna
leave it at that only I would date Liam
Payne and I also am Liam Payne which
seems weird but you know whatever thanks
for watching I hope you enjoyed the
video please don't forget to click that
like button and as always have an
awesome time until I see you next see ya
you
