hello there my name is Matthew McKenna
and welcome back to my channel today
we're continuing on the trend of being
like in the know about music and
listening to things as they come out or
have recently come out I guess and we're
going to listen to a couple of Sean
Mendez's new songs I think one of these
has been out for like a month the others
been out for two weeks so I'm a little
bit slow I'm a tiny bit behind but I'm
doing my best I'm doing it because
there's been a lot of requests from you
I've listened I'm gonna listen see what
I did there but before we get into it if
you're muting it make sure you click
Subscribe turn on notifications so you
get notified any time I upload a video
okay so the first song we'll listen to
is called where were you in the morning
it's a nice funky one again I appreciate
that actually quite like his soft-spoken
singing voice
sounds like he's been used as a
one-night stand I think so I wasn't
really sold on it when I first started
listening to Sean but when he makes his
voice go quite high I think it's
actually quite grown on me
it's a 4/4 time signature but it doesn't
quite sound like one which is odd I
think it's just the the way that he's
singing those lyrics really jam-packed
with words it's quite nice in my head
I'm going through like an inner turmoil
about whether I like this more than lost
in Japan
I find it interesting to hear a male
singer singing about like essentially
being used for a one-night stand it's
not too often that you hear male singers
singing about like sex from this angle
although I guess it could be like a
metaphor right I guess in a way like
maybe the overall message is kind of
just like a normal breakup song but he's
kind of using it with this perspective
of like a one-night stand it could kind
of be like he's saying what was our
whole relationship just like a one-night
stand you just leave me in the morning
that was groovy I quite like that
actually as you might be aware Shaun
stuff has been kind of like hit and miss
for me either quite liked it or I just
don't but I think I'd have to put that
one in like the hit pile because I quite
like that it's nice and soft and I can
imagine that being on like some chill
radio stations but not blasting in those
like big pop music channels and that's
not like a put-down by any standard it's
just really nice to see Shawn really
varying what he's doing and the fact
that this song probably won't be like a
banger that's played in every shopping
center and every club is really cool to
me because it seems like he's putting
his music first and that's pretty brave
and pretty inspiring
all right so shall we move on to the
next one which actually it looks like
it's a music video
no lyric video okay I was like yeah
never mind
so this song is called youth and it's
featuring Khaled now here's the thing I
actually have been asked to do a video
on colored a lot I've never listened to
colored either I don't really know any
of his songs I couldn't name a single
one to you so this would be my first
taste of both this song Shawn Mendes is
like a new album and also of Carly what
a wonderful thing you're bearing witness
to you
that's cool
they're not just putting lyrics on
things it's like they're incorporating
them into the environment unlike ads TV
street signs that's interesting
this is quite a nice message it's kind
of like about perseverance and stuff as
far as I can tell like despite all these
troubles and I guess the problems that
young people go through although that
previous line might be about
relationships however actually from what
I'm gathering that's kind of just like
one part of all of this pain that he's
talking about
I like that line this soul of mine won't
ever break like I said I quite like that
lyric of pain but I won't let it turn
into hate because I feel like that's a
thing that a lot of people struggle with
they kind of really externalize their
pain and lash out and attack and just
hate on people ultimately because
they're hurting inside which isn't
healthy for them but also not healthy
for anyone
got a nice little beat to my foots
tapping yeah overall I I quite liked
both of those songs actually I think I
preferred youth to the first one but I
still think I prefer lostinjapan
to youth I just I just can't get over
that funky bass man one thing I quite
liked about that song is that like it's
just quite a positive message and it's
one of those interesting things because
like that with the visuals and the
lyrics could have so easily been
incredibly corny and incredibly cheesy
however I didn't feel that pretty much
at all and I think I can attribute that
mostly to the delivery it felt very
confident it was like we have a message
we want to talk here's what we're gonna
say now I don't really know the story
behind that song but it's quite nice to
hear Shawn sing about something that I
think really felt genuinely important to
it so both of those songs won me over
what about you did you like both of them
did you like one not the other what do
you dislike both of them I'm always
always keen to hear your thoughts so
make sure you let me know down in the
comments below thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video
don't forget to click that like button
and as always have an awesome time until
I see you next see ya
