hello there my name is Matthew McKenna
and welcome back to my channel so if you
thought it was bad that I hadn't
listened to one direction Shawn Mendes
twenty one pilots Little Mix etc etc etc
and you thought math you couldn't
possibly be any more out of touch could
well have I got news for you because
today I'm delving into an artist that I
feel like I should have listened to
because I've heard of them I've heard
everyone talk about them I've had him
recommended to me by a bunch of people
but I just never have so today we're
going to be reacting to the weekend
before we start if you're new here make
sure you click Subscribe turn on
notifications so you get notified any
time I upload a new video
so this first song is called call out my
name which was apparently released last
month I'm in the know again I'm getting
on to things as they come out it's
almost like I'm a normal person dramatic
he's got a nice enough voice softer than
I expected
I bet there's a lot of people that
criticize him for having too many
effects but I actually really like it
because I feel like it's done quite
artistically also I love that coat and I
want it give me that coat
whoa he just like vomit bats pull out my
name when I kiss you it wouldn't be
muffled by the lips
this is groovy
this is another one of those songs that
I admire because there's not very much
going on sound wise just like a basic
bass vibe a beat and his voice which is
really really impressive as well because
then your voice is like the center of
attention
that was a nice job
so I guess the message I'm kind of
getting from this so far is like he's
pining for someone he wants them to call
out his name I'll I'll be on my way okay
call out my name and I'll come help you
I see I'm understanding that now
I stopped pulled all this trippy stuff
on me man's uncomfortable ah okay I
liked the song that music video was
thoroughly uncomfortable yeah that was a
that was a that was a weird one that's
always really nice and chill which is
actually kind of the sort of music I
really like generally I prefer listening
to music that isn't so like in-your-face
and that was really low-key but also had
quite a lot of energy in it so so far
that's a that's a thumbs-up from me Bing
liked that one the second one we're
gonna listen to is the hills I'm really
keen to see if there's like a variation
from what lhasa was also this is a
hugely popular song apparently 1.2
billion views and somehow me mister
living under a rock has not even heard
of this stop jump scaring me man
alright this thing is more intense
already both visually and sound oh wait
so it was really intense and now it's
pulled it back I wonder if that's sort
of the pattern of this song it's gonna
be intense and then down a little bit
and then back in your face on the drop
again quite simple that's just his voice
a beat and like a very very light music
track oh yeah see there you go there's
the there's that bounce actually I feel
like I've heard this in like vines
I like it's like hair fluff I don't know
how to describe it but bun that would be
what it's called a bomb is he saying
like when he's drunk that's the real me
I feel like that's what he's saying
listening to these lyrics it kind of
sounds like he's almost admitting
problems you know like when he's drunk
when he's messed up that's the real him
and he's kind of talking about all these
bad things he's done to someone he's
singing about
I'm ready for another drop let's do it
let's do it there we go yeah I almost
whipped oh don't put that in Billy one
thing I don't really think I've
mentioned in my videos is that I'm a
sucker for fast spoken songs why I
really really love rap in this chorus
here the speed that those words are
coming out is just really pleasant to me
I enjoy it that is absolutely terrifying
I would walk around and get out of that
room oh my god that lighting that's
terrifying that is standing still
staring I'm oh that gives me the
heebie-jeebies so I think I actually
preferred the first song I listen to as
opposed to that one just then I don't
really quite know why I just I don't
know the first one just appealed to me
more now we're going to listen to a song
called star boy which is featuring Daft
Punk I like Daft Punk I can listen to
them so I am keen to see what this is
like
okay don't do that he's getting
smothered with a plastic bag and I'm
like oh no don't do that that's not good
keeping in mind what I said in the last
one about how I like lyrics that are
kind of quick I'm enjoying this as well
oh my gosh it's got like a light saber
cross so he just killed the guy and now
he's like singing and dancing well he's
ransacking his place I mean honestly if
I was gonna get murdered I'd want to be
murdered by someone that was gonna have
a song and dance routine while smashing
my apartment isn't that just how
everyone wants to go out I actually
really like this too and again it's not
too big I guess they're having really
nice and satisfying chorus transitions
without being all up in your face about
it so I think out of all the ones we've
listened to so far I probably would say
that's my favorite I think it was just
really nice and low-key I also love Daft
Punk so that was a lovely addition for
me and I feel like it was just a very
well-rounded well composed and well
performed song so let's head to our very
last song which is I feel it coming also
featuring Daft Punk man I'm in for a
good time right now still so old-school
I love it even got that old-school
jacket on
ladies he sounded like Bruno Mars a
little bit when he does his high-pitched
lyrics there's the traditional das funk
bass wait she don't a stone Matthew is
confused wait is he turning to stone as
well I don't know what's okay I'm gonna
give up on the music video
I love how many interesting visuals he's
kind of including in all of his music
videos because I've said this before in
a couple other videos but one thing
that's a little pet peeve of mine is
like songs that are great but music
videos that it is kind of boring it's
always interesting to me and really
engaging to me to see a bunch of
interesting visuals and effects and kind
of a storyline going on for a music
video so kudos to him for that is this
gonna be dark
okay I didn't I don't understand that
someone will have to clarify that for me
so overall thoughts actually quite
enjoyed that some songs I liked more
than others I would definitely rank star
boy and call out my name as probably the
top two but overall quite impressed and
honestly I feel like I should have taken
on board the recommendations sooner I
should have listened for that because
that's like such great songs they have
playing in the background while you do
things I can imagine putting those on my
playlist so that when I'm working I just
be like grooving along to star boy or
something because honestly that is the
kind of music that I'm into with that I
would love to hear your thoughts and of
those four what's your favorite I'm
always really keen to hear your thoughts
so let me know down in the comments
below and do try to clarify that last
music video for me I know that maybe
it's just a music video with no higher
meaning or anything but if I am missing
something I would love to know thank you
very much for watching and I hope you
enjoyed the video don't forget to click
that like button and as always have an
awesome time until I see you next see ya
