hello everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be reacting to up
all night by one direction which is like
I think their first like very first
studio album is exciting because in the
first video I did on one direction and
listened to like a spattering of songs
and since then I've listened to a bunch
of new stuff and a bunch of old stuff
and I don't think I've ever sat down and
actually listens like the first things
they officially release so I'm really
keen to take like a trip down memory
lane and dive into that like sweet sweet
very first baby one direction music
before we start if you're new here make
sure you click Subscribe turn on
notifications so you get notified any
time I upload a video now full
disclosure this song I've heard like a
little bit of the chorus because I mean
how couldn't you I say that but then
I've also not listened to a lot of pop
music but I know I've never listened to
like any of the verses I just know like
a tiny little bit so I'm I'm keen I'm
keen so with that we're gonna listen to
what makes you beautiful oh my gosh
that's Liam oh my god that hair that's
that's crazy
I mean look okay I knew it I knew how he
looked like that he has the big fluffy
head - that went really really quick
into the course it was only going for
like 25 30 seconds
they look like they are just absolutely
enjoying themselves you know one thing
that's really cute to notice is like the
big difference in budget between this
and some of the other music videos like
this is comprised of fun little clips of
them chilling but it's nothing you're
meant to like drag me down we're
literally getting into a rocket got a
jump right
even it's a nice enough sentiment isn't
it if only you could see what I could
see you'd understand why I want you so
desperately that's really sweet
it's kind of like a little bit vague I
guess that's what makes it relatable and
marketable yeah Harry get it it's so
intense this is really really awkwardly
intense
this is one thing I've really noticed
about just music videos in general is
the tremendous amount of pointing there
is see it's just all pointing so that
was a good start I would call that a Bop
I was I was bouncing I was I was into it
and I only really properly listened to
one direction for the first time like
five months ago or something but for
some reason even that made me nostalgic
the next song we're listening to is
called gotta be you damned Harry had so
much style even back to her Harry Styles
good I didn't even I didn't even think
about that word do you reckon this is
the hairstyles that Liam looks back and
goes what was that thank you everyone
has that right
I just nodded because I was like that
was a good note nod that's what everyone
does when they hear a pleasant no right
just I feel like Zane is just about the
only person that of them all that looks
the same I mean Louie as well kind of
looks more or less the same right
everyone else has sort of changed their
style
also they all have relatively similar
styles here so this is before they all
started branching it up means looking
like you straight out of Sherlock I do
say it was the butler
I can safely say I've literally never
heard a single part of this song never
even heard of it actually is this like a
well-known song I mean it has like 250
million views so people have to know it
right and Here I am like I didn't even
recognize the name of it I guess I just
really do live that much under a rock
here's a sentence that I never thought
I'd say is that in quick cuts and
glances I'm having trouble
differentiating between Liam and Harry
there's another like close-up just then
yeah of someone singing weirdly close to
a woman
why did they look so sad sounds happy
right at watching fireworks and chilling
with with girls and their dislike I got
a bit too into that I started to tear up
acting okay so this video I found of a
song called more than this and get this
it's a live video this is from a tool
called up all night the live tour so far
with all the live videos I've watched
I've been pretty impressed so I kind of
don't really expect anything else
although it'll be really really
interesting to see the difference
between them performing like back then
in this video verse what I know from the
present ish times let's hit it now this
is gonna sound weird because this crowd
is huge that that kind of looks a lot
smaller than what I'm used to seeing
their perform to
solid always cut his hair maybe he was
tired of being confused Harry the boat I
love it Harry and they look so nervous
in comparison this is like weirdly
adorable because it seems like a lot of
them on exactly relaxed and show what to
do see like look at Zayn just like
cement feet over there whereas now
they're like full of confidence very
like over-the-top and extra especially
Harry and loving the dancing are they
matching that's adorable I only just
noticed they look like high school
students Wow even back then Zayn was
able to hit the higher case love it
so far this has my foot like boppin
it just
it's not just the One Direction guys
that are a bit awkward in this
performance to look at this guitar guy
off to the side they're just like some
wise that was kind of like all right I
actually think I preferred that to got
to be you cuz I just kind of liked the
chill vibe I was diggin that now this
last time we're gonna be listening to
isn't actually a music video it's just
like music so poetic it's just like a
lyric video that someone has made and I
almost wasn't gonna like include this
one but it's cold up all night the album
is called up all night so we have to
listen to it right I think so okay so
this sounds like a party song I mean
that kind of seemed to like what it was
gonna be with up all night anyway
I've said this before in this channel
but I like songs that are just let's
have fun and it's a potty song but don't
try to pretend to be anything else like
if you're gonna do that just roll with
it
be happy be puppy and it seems like that
it's doing that and I'm and I'm keen I'm
like yeah now I want to stay up all
night it's like midnight already but
let's let's stay up till like 7:00 a.m.
because why not yeah a new badass don't
care about the table break-in Katy Perry
on her play it's just how I spend my
life Katy Perry on their play all the
time I don't need a party for that that
is the body actually one thing that's
interesting to compare between this
stuff and then newer stuff is the way
that kind of songs evolve within the
song more or less it's been the same
that hasn't been all that much of a
change which to me isn't as exciting and
isn't as engaging as when songs change
between chorus and between verse and
sort of Morphin add layers as they go I
find that a lot more interesting and
intricate which is something that One
Direction does in the other stuff that
I've listened to they're sort of newer
stuff
all right so that's all that we're gonna
be listening to today one thing I did
want to say off the back of that song is
that this whole idea of being up all
night is so romanticized it is crazy I
have actually stayed up until the Sun
rises quite a few times in my life
sometimes because I've been working all
night and sometimes because I've been at
a party all night I was at playlist live
in DC and I literally watched the Sun
Rise with a bunch of other youtubers it
was pretty cool but also I regretted not
sleeping I struggle with my sleep
pattern all the time as soon as the Sun
starts rising I'm like oh now I've done
it again so don't feel like you're
missing out anything crazy if you
haven't stayed up all night
I mean maybe do it once but like then
don't ever do it again
sleep is good sleep is fun so thank you
very much for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did hit that
like button and also let me know down in
the comments below what you think did
you like all those songs is there one
that you preferred more than the others
and also I'm really really curious for
any of you following One Direction when
they released this stuff as they were on
x-factor right so some people would have
known of that before they released all
of this let me know because I'm always
always keen to hear your thoughts so
thank you for watching and as always
have an awesome time until I see you
next see ya
