hello everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today I feel like we're going to be
reacting to a very important song and
music video and that is this is America
by childish gambino I would be very
surprised if you haven't at least heard
of this is America by now I've seen it
in news headlines everywhere it's
popping up all over my social media feed
and from what I've heard it's a really
really really important video it has
absolutely blown up it's like a hundred
and ten million views in a week this
video is gonna be a little bit different
to my usual content because I know it's
loaded with a lot of news references and
also cultural references so I'm gonna do
my best to point them out as I go along
I'll probably miss a bunch so if there's
some that you know chuck them down in
the comments below cause i'm really
really keen to learn a lot i'm assuming
it's gonna change but this is already
more upbeat than i expected what I'm
just gonna Google something real quick
it really looks like Trayvon Martin's
dad it looks like the actor who played
Trayvon Martin's death has been confused
online for Trayvon Martin's - so they do
that they do they look they do look
quite a bit alike I'm assuming that's
intentional so that's interesting
we just want the money money just for
you
oh damn that's groovy though I actually
had no idea that Donald Glover was this
ripped my gosh okay I'm just gonna
quickly unpack this because I'd actually
seen like the left half of this shot in
thumbnails and screenshots and news
articles I haven't seen the gun I'm
assuming he's gonna shoot this guy and
that's the guy that's representing
Trayvon Martin's dad so that's pretty
heavy but looking at this I now fully
understand the context and it makes a
lot of sense that is a very very close
mimicry of Jim Crow it's like a famous
poster where he's in a very similar pose
and that poster is what a lot of
minstrels will modeled off the really
offensive terrible blackface actors so
it's like barely gotten into this and
there's already two big references I can
see why there's so many analytic videos
of this look well flinched oh my god
this is America I do want to point out
the the power and the sort of bluntness
in a way of shooting a man with a sack
over his head and then immediately
saying this is America I think that
really straightaways as a statement
realize if you look at his face right
now he's got those really exaggerated
facial expressions he's got really like
bulgy eyes and a big smile and he did
something similar that I caught but it
just seemed like a random thing but if
he's done it twice and it's clearly
intentional there he did another one so
that again is something that a lot of
minstrels did they kind of like made fun
of a lot of facial features of the black
community by really really exaggerating
them and in some racist art this is
still in effect
people still mock people of color in
this way they're just dragging that guy
away I'm noticing a couple of things I'm
just gonna go back again my editors
gonna hate me for all these real lines
but I didn't really know if I should
comment on it at the time but just after
he shot the guy he really liked look at
that he's like really carefully handing
this gun back into a towel to this guy I
mean wow the gentleman who just got shot
just gets dragged away
they've got like this whole kind of show
going on in the foreground all this
crazy stuff going on the background at
the moment I'm not quite sure if I
should be reading anything into that I
will keep it in the back of my mind wow
there's a lot going on in the background
this is a really nice course like you
said this is America after gunning down
to church choir that's gotta be a
reference to the Charleston Church
shooting absolutely has to be there's
even ten so that's a that's another nod
to a to a shooting first we had Trayvon
Martin's dad and now we have for the
Charleston Church shooting that's a very
confronting way of bringing that up
there again there's the Red Tails this
gun is being like handled with care it's
like a literally a riot going in the
background okay that face solidified my
thoughts on this I've noticed the
childish gambino keeps doing these like
smile happy dances and really grooving
while all this crazy stuff is happening
in the background and what I take away
from that is this sort of idea that I
guess attention spans can be quite short
I mean this has happened like what 20
seconds after the Charleston Church
visualization and they're already onto
these happy smiles and dances so it kind
of feels like these people in the
foreground including Gambino and his
backup dancers are sort of like this
representation of distraction I guess
people often get so outraged about
something and then they just move on to
the next thing and nothing gets done I
mean you've still got people in Flint
that haven't had clean water for like
four years but we as a whole just kind
of tend to move on and forget very very
quickly so that's there might be
something that
there's a fire in the background there
right every time I like rewind and play
something again there's something else
like again I think that's the point he's
doing this really happy exaggerated
dance but there's all this stuff going
in the background someone just fell off
it will not fell if I got pushed off the
balcony this is silly that's a tool
they're like recording on their phones
is that a reference or maybe it's
because it looks like prison maybe
there's like representative prison riot
and that's a tool like I guess like a
prison cell is a tool the government
sort of users to control people of color
I think that's what I'm taking out of it
so I'm sure that a lot of this is
intentionally open to interpretation so
I can say conclusively with a hundred
percent certainty the bat car is on fire
I was unsure about the other one that
one is definitely on fire no doubt about
it
Captain Obvious here I'm sure you needed
my help to tell that that was on fire
but it is on fire a hooded person riding
a horse maybe there's something else
that I'm not getting from this but kind
of looks eerily like one of the Horsemen
of the Apocalypse
so considering the way that this video
is set up I'm going to kind of assume
that nothing is unintentional
they're gonna find them they gotta find
you like Paco I'm assuming they're
talking about the police right because
the formal line was contraband
contraband contraband and and look at
these guys as soon as they say the
terrifying I'm assuming it's it's like
being terrified of the police sort of
thing because I mean at this point if
you're a person of color living in
America why wouldn't you be so this is
maybe a little bit of like cheating
because I've heard about this specific
scene so I can't say that it's a nothing
I've noticed but this pause goes for 17
seconds I've been specifically told that
it's after he does this little Parker
thing the music pauses for 17 seconds
and that is a tribute to the 17 seconds
of silence for the parkland shooting
victims I guess we're here childish
gambino is doing it I'm gonna join him
in a symbolic 17 seconds of silence
and straight back to the joyous chorus
these are all like really old cars I
don't know if I'm reading anything in
there I don't know what the meaning of
that would be but I just noticed that a
lot of the time in in like music videos
they've got like really flashy crazy car
and you got everyone in the focus that's
kind of like the exact reversal of that
you've got all these old cars and and
Donnell offers way in the back and the
cameras moving away from him that's
another thing that I'm gonna have to
chalk up to not really knowing what to
read into that but it's just a fact that
I've noticed he's sprinting away now is
he being chased oh he is it's a morbid
end as well I'm not sure he was being
chased or if they're running with him
like everyone's running I couldn't tell
you what the ending represents I'm just
gonna have to shrug and leave it to the
comments so that was very confronting
very real and very artistic as well it's
really amazing to me how stories and
messages be shared through music and
music videos and art like that's I feel
like that's really important and will
resonate with a lot of people and it's
incredible to me the medium through
which childish gambino has accomplished
that I'm very impressed that I'm
extremely happy to see these issues
being brought to light and to see so
many people talking about it now that
I've watched that and I kind of have an
understanding of what it's about I will
probably need to watch a two or three or
five or eight more times for I properly
understand it I'd also have to listen to
a bunch of different analyses before I
can unpack everything in that video
because it was just so dense and on a
personal note it brings me a lot of joy
to see the entire world
internationally talking about these
issues and having them show up in
headlines of every major publication all
around the world that's amazing to me
and it is such an accomplishment so
massive hats off to you childish gambino
and I think that's where I'm gonna end
this today please let me know your
thoughts if there's something I missed
that you know please let me know I'm
dying to know I want to hear everyone's
perspectives I want to hear what you
took away from that video because
there's so so so much let's get chatting
because I want to hear conversation in
the comments thank you very much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video
and as always have an awesome time until
I see you next see
