hello everyone my name is matthew
mckenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be reacting to a
couple of the new ish Troye Sivan songs
I'm actually quite familiar with choice
music I listened to a lot of his older
stuff as it came out and for a little
bit of a show-off I actually got to hang
out with him and Fan Fest so I know that
he's a tremendously talented person and
I'm very excited to listen to these but
before we get into it if you are new and
make sure you click that subscribe
button internal notifications so you get
notified any time I upload a video first
one we're gonna listen to is called my
my my now I've been told these are
actually a bit more poppy out of the
like for songs that he's released
recently so we'll have to do another
video reacting to the other two like
less poppy ones Oh a seizure trigger oh
gosh it's gonna be intense wow this is
way flashier than the other stuff is
done this passion honestly looks so
different got like bleach blonde hair
he's keeping it sort of really low-key
vocals even with a poppy song which is
called
I'm glad they want people that might be
like seizure-inducing visuals call me
crazy but I don't know of dancing around
how appliance is the best idea
Wow he's quite changed his style hasn't
he I haven't like decided how I feel
about it yeah and if you know me you
know that this really isn't normally my
kind of music that like cape jacket
thing though is amazing the long
cardigan Cape it's call it a jape one
thing I have to say is that it looks
like trey is really worked on his dance
moves over the last couple of years I
used to watch him dance on stage and it
was
it's pretty orcs
it's got a nice tune to it doesn't it
it's got me more than my head
I can't really make out exactly what the
songs about I'm trying to work out if
it's like a song about kind of living in
the moment that's sort of what I'm
getting living for every moon is that
what he said I'm living for your every
move oh okay that makes a lot more sense
I'm living for every moon Matthew says
so it's kind of one of those like I
guess kind of sexy sensual songs about
someone and that's an interesting thing
for Troy to do because I can't really
think of a song so far that it's gone
that sort of like sex sells route so I
don't really mind him doing that as much
simply because he hasn't really done it
often so you know he can get away with
it so I think in regards to like how I
feel about the song it might need to
Park this in the pile of like not really
that big a fan of it but can absolutely
see why someone would because it's a fun
song you know and it's got a nice beats
just not really my thing so with that
I'm gonna move on to the other song
we're gonna be listening to called there
for you which looks like it's a collab
with some other guy called Martin garrix
I don't know that guy though who live
under a rock
literally what happens I love that
visual Oh
lately every wife astray
okay this feels like a bit more of a
meaningful soldier so I lost a piece of
me
these are really really beautiful shots
call you on the phone
meet you on the other side
yeah love that drum track it's so subtle
and so nice
but you gotta be there for me
there's not like so much going on it's
actually quite a simple song which makes
it like very easy to get into and also
very easy to like listen to the actual
lyrics and the song it so it feels like
he's singing about like reciprocation
and relationships like yeah I'll be
there for you of course but you got to
be there for me too it's a two-way
street which I agree with right I can't
do this ya can't do this alone
they've added a couple extra elements
here for the car like the little
electronic stuff in the background just
to bring a bit more variation between
them I'm not usually one for like solely
sort of electronic breakdowns like this
I am digging this like this would just
make me dance if I was chilling
somewhere and that's saying something
cuz I don't dance you don't want to see
me dance pull that with some nice
time-lapse really impressive way of
making this music video so engaging I'm
really into the video oh my god I really
liked that as I said I also really liked
that sentiment I thought that was really
nice
simply because I feel like a lot of
songs sort of like oversimplify
relationships in so many ways so it's
really nice to hear an artist like kind
of saying openly and honestly about what
they feel they need in a relationship
and what they feel they need from a
partner and not just like romantic ones
pretty much all relationships whether
it's friendships business relationships
they're all two-way streets it can't
just all be one way cuz that just gets
very unhealthy I definitely preferred
that second song as opposed to the first
one there's a small possibility I'll go
away and add that to my playlist but I
think both of those are just more songs
that I'll be happy to hear when I'm hot
places or when I'm doing things they're
probably not something I'd put on my
phone and sit down listen to that being
said they both work quite good songs and
quite interesting engaging song so with
all that said I would love to hear your
thoughts have you been a fan of choice
for a while or was that these new songs
that brought you in and won you over I
want to hear what you have to say about
those two songs so let me know down in
the comments below
I do read like literally every single
comment by the way just in case you
think I don't thank you very much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video
don't forget to click that like button
and as always have an awesome time until
I see you next see ya
you
