hello there everyone my name is matthew
mckenna and welcome back to my channel
so i'm always excited to react to
something new but today is kind of
something a little bit special for me
because two new songs by Harry Styles
have come out I don't actually think
they've officially been released just
like concert videos and stuff like that
and if you know me or my channel you
know that over the course of these
videos I have come to quite liked Harry
and I really really enjoyed his solo
stuff so I am beyond keen to get stuck
into his new stuff before we start if
you want you can make sure you click
that subscribe button turn on
notifications that way you get notified
for any video I upload because you don't
want to miss when I upload a new video
alright let's get kicking so there's
only two that have been leaked
essentially and I'm trying to decide
which one to start with that don't know
I have like a lens cap I'll flip the
lens cap okay I dropped a pair and
banging lens side down so that's oh what
a creative way to do it one two three oh
okay that was not how I expected that to
go
oh my god that jacket is beautiful -
you'll see the sparkles right now like
Elton John there we go that's where I
was waiting for it to get a bit heavier
this reminds me of those like older
songs from a couple of decades ago that
was sort of just like relatively vague
songs about a girl but done in a
creative way
one thing I love that I've gotten to see
is that Harry in particular has really
evolved as an artist and a person from
like the first stuff that I watched him
do and one of my absolute favorite
things is seeing artists change and
evolve and become oh my god the pants
are sparkly too oh my god his voice is
fantastic and I love that really high
pitch but doesn't really sound super
high pitched voice it's something
magical about it to me
he almost like I've said this about him
before I think but he's got a real
Johnny Cash look going on I mean if you
take away the sparkles and glitter
obviously
okay that was just a random throw out to
it to a different songs yeah faith by
George Michael get a nice little tribute
there I'm glad that cut out when it did
cuz that was a heck of a lot of loud
screaming you know for the first time
since doing my like never listened to
series I'm honestly starting to feel
like maybe I'm losing a little bit of my
objectivity simply because I actually
really really like hairy stuff and I
feel like I'm coming into these videos
and these songs in particular with that
sort of bias of well I like Harry and I
like Harry's music therefore I'm gonna
like this which was kind of what I was
trying to avoid when doing these series
oh well I'm sure no one's gonna complain
right neck minute everyone in the
comment section is complaining TV
annoying things about songs like Oh Anna
is that I only just finished listening
to that like two minutes ago and it's
already in my head I'm already just
repeating it over and over again and I'm
gonna go out there and do some work
later on let's be like oh okay I said
that was like no Anna no no you know
what I'm doing now dancing but I love
songs that kind of give an atmosphere
when they're played and funnily enough I
have a playlist called atmosphere full
of songs that do just that and for sure
when that's released and goes on Google
Play I will be adding that straightaway
I thought that was very good very well
written and I honestly can't wait to hit
the studio version I have set up this
next one medicine
oh yeah I love bass like that
oh you hit that high note really really
nicely
I love seeing singers that can hit high
notes live
hell yeah as I said in the last video I
loved seeing artists growing of all and
I particularly loved singing versatile
artists show off their versatility like
look how different these two songs were
I love seeing artists branch out
experiment try new things and see what
works and this definitely works for him
really really suits him in his new style
and persona he knows when to come to the
mic stand when to stand there and then
when to just like confront the crowd and
go up to them it's impressive
I think people kind of underestimate how
difficult it is to perform live actually
really really liked that I maybe even
preferred that to the last song as I
said there's something about Harry that
just kind of really shows off his
versatility and to me that's kind of one
of the most impressive things in a
singer because it takes so much practice
and so much dedication as well as
coordination to pull off those different
stylings especially in a live format so
I'm very impressed that I'm very happy
as I said for oh I'm a hundred percent
100% I will be downloading and adding
that song to my google play library I
mean how could you not write but with
all that said I'm really really keen to
hear your thoughts what do you think of
those two new songs did you love them
did you hate them I always loved hearing
your thoughts thank you very much for
watching and I hope you enjoyed the
video don't forget to click that like
button and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
