hello there my name is Matthew McKenna
and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be doing another
one direction quiz it seems that all of
you enjoyed the last one I did there'll
be a card in the top right corner if you
haven't watched that so I thought we'd
do a different one today and this one is
going to test my knowledge of how well I
know one direction now I have done quite
a few videos on one direction so by now
you think I would be pretty
knowledgeable I don't think that's going
to be the case I think I'm going to
absolutely fail this quiz as we all know
the key to succeeding in life is
self-confidence so now we know while
I'll always be a failure
I'm just gonna get a really quick plug
out of the way I have completely changed
my reward tiers on patreon you can now
get a lot more for a lot less and for
literally as little as one dollar a
month you can get access to sneak peeks
of all of the projects I'm working on
the other thing is if you are new here
make sure you click Subscribe turtle
notifications is you don't want to miss
a single video I do do you do you maybe
this sounds so dramatic how well do you
really know one direction okay question
one let's start easy what was their
debut album um the rest of the quiz is
gonna mess me up if that's easy I don't
think it was for
I want to say midnight memories oh I was
wrong well was it up all night okay yeah
fair enough
they look like fetuses oh my god they're
so tiny this was before Harry grew up
that amazing long hair and started
dressing weirdly amazingly amazingly but
weirdly number two who has a fear of
having nothing to eat that doesn't
everyone
isn't that like everyone in the world
that has a fear of having nothing to eat
I mean I know I have a fear of having
nothing to eat don't you okay I'm gonna
I'm gonna judge by who would be the most
likely to have something like this I
want to say Harry but it could be like
always Irish of course that makes sense
but that sounds really I'm Irish I am
Irish number three which two members
share the same middle name I don't know
why would I know this I've just been
listening to their music I'm gonna I'm
gonna like logic this I find it unlikely
that they'd have the same middle name
and share the same letter of their first
name so I'm gonna cross off Lou Ian Liam
my logic is sound
do not question it probably wouldn't be
Zayn and Harry right because they're
like so ridiculously different in their
name same with Niall and Liam because
Niles like Irish Liam's English I'm
gonna guess Louie and Harry what Niall
and Liam wow what is what is that middle
name Niall Horan what's your middle name
bucky boo James oh my god what I like
what is standard middle name all right
so far we are zero out of three I think
we've gone pretty well don't you when is
Sainz birthday I'm not even gonna think
about it December 17 no I'm literally
just determined to get one right I don't
I don't care how the rest of the quiz
goes if I get just one one right finish
this Louis coin I like girls who have
the same name as me wear stripes ride
sailboats or eat carrots I mean it'll be
kind of weird if you liked girls that
have the same name as him right I can
imagine it's something you'd be fine
with but to go out of your way to state
that you like that it's a bit weird to
me knowing
that's probably gonna be the answer
isn't it we're stripes right I'm gonna
go eat carrots that just sounds like a
lousy thing to say right my goal has
come true I got just one question right
do you think we can get another all
right what is harry's height he's really
tall his Anisa I'm about 5 7 which means
that if he was 517 be about the same
height as me I'm pretty sure he's quite
a bit taller so I'm gonna go either 5 no
no 510 but just because I think he's
really tall I'm gonna go 5 10 got to
write oh yeah
who is the Joker of the group Harry
Louie's a knight well I mean it's not
Zane right I definitely don't think at
Zane he's way too serious Nile I could
have met no Niles like quite the quiet
one isn't he or is that Louie Harry I'm
gonna go Harry
Zoe damn I should have guessed Louie
because he was the one that said he
liked girls who eat carrots - Matthew
thank where is aim from Doncaster
Stockholm Wolverhampton or Bradford I
literally know one of those places
because it's long and weird I'm just
gonna plain guess nothing else
Wolverhampton I was wrong with Bradford
I just want to take this time right now
another way 8 questions in to say that
while I didn't expect for this to go
well and I didn't think I would get very
many right I didn't expect to be
currently sitting on 25% who has a fear
of spoons it seems like a Niall thing
right I was wrong it was Liam that
laddie I don't I don't understand though
like I mean I guess I shouldn't judge
cuz I don't like balloons who is the
best member I see what you've done here
quiz you've tried to pass off your
opinion as fact that I know I know the
fact and that is Harry Oh they agree
all of them are correct fair enough so
have I clicked any of them it would have
been it would have been right I was
gonna say that was kind of a dodgy
question last question just for fun can
you guess my favorite member
I don't know I don't know oh there are a
lot of questions about Louis Louis oh my
god Wow yes
yes yes I get a certain way when I do
things well in games and quizzes I mean
I know I'm celebrating four out of
eleven but it's the principle of the
thing that just relied purely on lock
and and I won I won everything sir thank
you very much for watching this video I
hope you enjoyed it I know is a bit
weird I know I'm a little bit crazy but
I hope that that was fun for you
nonetheless or maybe that just enhanced
the fun I don't know maybe you're into
that so thank you so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed the video please don't
forget to click that like button and as
always have an awesome time until I see
you next see ya
