hello that everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
so I don't know if you've noticed but
there's quite an improvement of quality
of camera here so I really really want
to start this video off with a huge huge
thank you for the team over at
Blackmagic Design they are a company
that does amazing film cameras and
they've hooked me up with the camera
called the Ursa mini Pro which actually
posted about on my social media the
other day but yes massive massive thank
you to them I'm so ridiculously happy
and to be able to up my production value
is just really important to me anyway
let's move on to the video but yes
massive massive thank you so today we're
doing a much requested video I've done a
couple of twenty one pilots videos but
they released their new album trench and
I haven't touched it yet so I've been
kind of saving it because I knew that
I'd get around to reacting to it
eventually
and today is that day before we start if
you're new here make sure you click
Subscribe and turn on notifications so
you get notified any time I upload a new
video okay so the first song we're going
to listen to is called levitate
oh wait this feels like it's continuing
off of I can't remember exactly which
video was but if he oh that I watched
last time okay I really like to build up
to that - he's got like a very staccato
way of delivering lyrics and it's really
nice and it works really well for these
like rap breakdowns now they know what I
might say I'm curious as to what the
course is gonna be like we're a minute
in unless you've already had a course or
this is the course or is it just like a
full-on rap song for the all things
my weekends on the food scene yeah okay
I'm getting the idea that it's not gonna
have like a full-on course which is cool
that's unconventional but interesting
there it is that it was the course okay
this feels so intense
rip there's some really cool imagery
going on I know he mentioned about like
the vultures picking out him or
something like that and I'm kind of
getting an idea of the meaning of this
that was actually way shorter than I
thought it'd be the meaning I took away
from that was like kind of a journey of
like self growth I think cuz there were
lines now like the vultures trying to
pick him clean or something like that
and I've been levitating since like
seventh grade I think he said so I don't
know I kind of took that as like along
the way there gonna be people that try
to like take advantage of you or pick at
you but you know I've learned to
levitate which is like kind of rise
above that and you can - which is really
interesting to me because like I feel
like so many people have this idea that
being able to like rise above people
being horrible to you or it's like some
talent that you're just born with but
it's not it's like a learned skill you
know it takes a long time
and a lot of like practice and
self-control to get to a point where
that stuff doesn't necessarily bother
you but I think that's a really
important message that you know you can
learn to rise above it - that's awesome
okay so the second one is called neon
gravestones this isn't a music video
it's just audio so I'm gonna try to
listen more to like lyrics and music for
this it's also longer than the last one
the last one felt quite short at two and
a half minutes which as I've mentioned a
few times in the past like that
sometimes like a really good decision to
me because it just leaves the audience
wanting more and at the end of that I
was like oh well that's it's over
already that sucks
replay replay replay replay
looks like 2001 a Space Odyssey
you
so
just counting out the time signature
there yeah because most songs in general
are written in 4/4 because like a one
two three four one two three four time
signature
so this one is recorded in like three
four or I guess six eight depending on
how you look at it she's cool it's
actually like one of my favorite times
inches four four can get kind of boring
I think
which oh my god makes it so much more
impressive that he's rapping to this
like rapping in 6/8 is really hot
writing lyrics in general for it is
really hot but writing quickly reeks
like that
you
miss me you'll move on to someone else
that's a that's a morbid lyric and sad
you
to the 3-minute mark I was like I'm not
really sure what this song is about I
was actually analyzing a bit probably
too much from the music aspect and not
so much the lyricism but that last
minute kind of had some lyrics that made
me feel like I might have guessed what
the song was about especially the bits
that are about you know stigma or
glorifying it I'm gonna guess that it's
about mental illness and possibly
depression / suicide and it felt like
there was some lyrics there kind of
about like how society's view on that
has changed over the last like say a
couple of decades and that would kind of
explain the song title as well I might
be way off here so feel free to correct
me or just let me know what you think
the song is about I loved hearing like a
discussion and all these fan theories so
the next song is called the hype and it
is also just audio so far actually I
preferred neon gravestones - the first
one i listened to was it levitates I was
just really diggin that like slowed
pulsating sound in the chorus of neon
gravestones
especially with the layered background
vocals and everything under so that was
really well done okay so let's listen to
the height
he's like singing voice is really
growing on me over the last few months
to be honest I wasn't like too big a fan
of it when I did my first video on them
but now I'm just like yeah you hitting
them notes okay this feels like
something straight out of the early
2000s and I am digging
oh okay you'll be just fine don't
believe I'll hide I wasn't sure if the
song was gonna be like about being hyped
or struggling to get hyped but it's like
don't believe the hype and that could be
interpreted in so many different ways
okay you don't get thick skin without
being burnt kind of sounds like it's you
know someone that's spreading rumors or
falsehoods about them and it's like
don't believe the hype or like when you
meet someone you don't believe the hype
about them they're probably not the
people that other people make them out
to be especially if the other people are
trying to make them out to be a bad
person obviously the truth in that very
situation a situation but I think if
you're the kind of person who like
spreads rumors about someone then those
rumors are going to likely be lies
there's some really cool lines in here
but like separate from whatever message
is in this song just a really cool like
even just that I don't know which way
I'm going that's such a relatable thing
to me because like I feel like I spent a
lot of my life like not exactly sure
what I want to be doing you know have a
general idea but like I don't really
know where I'm going
it's like we're going through like a
very natural flow to the song which
makes it very easy to listen to as well
oh cool I was kind of expecting a little
instrumental there and was the perfect
time to bring it in I feel like this is
gonna be a really nice way to close out
the song I don't think they can into
another
it's nice I quite like that one overall
- I think like my only criticism of that
is that it might have been a little bit
too long which is funny because I had
the opposite feeling about levitate I
was like man I want that to be longer
I'm not saying it's like a bad thing
it's just not really my taste I prefer
to hear like a song kind of change if
you're gonna if you're gonna make it
last maybe like four and a half minutes
but it felt like the chorus was just
kind of the same thing repeated a few
times I did really like the instrumental
though so it was worth waiting all right
so the next song is called my blood and
this is a music video so I'm keen to
finish this video with the music video
let's hit it
is that I was like is that meant to be
them is one of them as a kid I'm never
sure like how much the creators and like
the artists are inserting their own
stories and the characters in a music
video
oh wait is the kid in the hospital bit
this feels very morbid and sad
okay no I've got nothing sorry I met
have been looking into something really
weird what I thought was that that kid
was in like a hospital bed at the start
so like you know he's died and he's like
the whole thing I've I'll go with you as
him accompanying his younger brother
you know like in spirit and I thought of
that especially because it seemed like
that dad didn't acknowledge that he was
there and like the brother was like
tucking him in and helping him with
homework and all that sort of stuff and
now it's like a bad influence so I don't
know man I love those like skills it
outfits though I've kind of just always
wanted one I'm really digging the music
here there and I'm loving those high
notes
you
I'm not really commenting much at all
I'm just like really engrossed in this
music video his plot is just so
intriguing to me
so yeah I think it's either what I was
thinking at the start or like just the
whole thing about like a brother
protecting his brother yeah okay so I
don't think he's dead because he's
running out that attack
I was right I'm not crazy
oh that's so sad
man I legit just almost started crying I
think that might have hit me
particularly hard because I have a big
brother a few months ago he moved over
to Pittsburgh Pennsylvania to study for
like five years so I'm kind of like
already separate from him and watching
something like that I'm like man I think
family is really important and I'm not
even like a violent person at all
but if people started attacking my
brother you bet you I'm going out there
with a baseball bat I'm gonna take him
on I don't care if there's ten guys I
don't care if there's 50 people I'm
taking him on the idea of like this boy
losing a brother but always having a
part of him there over his life is like
really nice and really touches close to
home even with my brother being on the
opposite side of the world it still
feels like you know I've got a part of
him I'm carrying him around and that
might be a particular thing because I'm
a younger brother it's like you know his
experience and his wisdom was imparted
on me he grew up before I did and was
experiencing things before I was so you
know your siblings always gonna be there
to warn you about things and help you
when he need it so yeah that was a
really like a really sad music video but
also like very sweet I think anyway I'm
not gonna talk about that any longer
because I do run the risk of cry and I
don't want to cry overall I think that
last song is probably my favorite dude
the music video the message and that
course is really really nice I loved the
high notes I think it overall sounded
very very pleasant but also really did
love me on gravestones I think that was
also a really lovely sounding song and
as I said I really liked those like soft
vocals as well thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video if
you did please don't forget to click
that like button please leave your
comments opinions interpretations all
that down below I'm always always keen
to hear your thoughts and as always have
an awesome time until I see you next see
ya
you
