before we start something amazing
happened last week this channel passed
10,000 subscribers that is insane it's
actually been my goal for like five or
six years and now I kind of just like
don't know what to do with my life
anymore I guess you have any suggestions
what should I do with my life but
honestly from the bottom of my heart
thank you so much for all your support
this channel is going like better than
it ever has before and you are all to
thank for that I look forward to what
the future holds hello everyone my name
is Matthew McKenna and welcome back to
my channel today we're going to be
reacting to two news Shawn Mendes songs
now I've actually already done I think
two videos on Shawn Mendes and one of
the criticisms that I brought up was
that he seemed to sing mostly about like
relationships and stuff but a bunch of
you tweeted me saying make sure you
check out his new video because they
don't seem to be about relationships so
with that in mind I'm actually really
excited to jump right into this and
listen to a couple of songs by Shawn
that are actually new this is kind of a
new thing for me I don't think I've
really reacted to any songs that have
just been dropped the two songs are
called in my blood and lost in Japan
we'll start with in my blog before we
start though if you are new here make
sure you click Subscribe turn on
notifications so you get notified any
time I upload a new video and without
further ado let me pop in the earphones
that's the universal symbol for we gonna
listen to songs and come blammo
Wow okay so it's like a acoustic low-key
sort of thing cool just kidding this I
know it's really well Wow so a criticism
I've had have shown in the past is that
he seemed to like strain his voice but
man you can feel how relaxed he is
singing this and his vibrato there is
really really on point it's not too much
not over the top he's just got the right
amount of wavering
oh it's speeding up okay I like that
kind of give us it an extra sense of
urgency which is cool then bumping along
it's gonna go big now okay yeah so he
sounds a little bit more relaxed in the
chorus here as well I can do my phone
again
I honestly prefer his voice deeper like
this as opposed to sort of belting out
those high notes this to me it just
seems kind of more him I don't know
interestingly in this song I can kind of
hear is like passion I guess for the
subject it seems like he's singing
something that kind of really matters to
him and I mean it makes sense like he's
singing about how sometimes he feels
like giving up and obviously it is calm
cuz it's not in his blood like you know
we're not quitters something like that
but when you sing about stuff like that
I'm sure you feel quite vulnerable
especially because I mean singing the
art form is quite vulnerable in and of
itself but then when you're singing
about something that like resonates so
closely with you I feel like it's an
extra layer of vulnerable that's very
brave and I commend him for it
ooh I like those backing vocals
see this is an example of something I've
mentioned quite a few times in this
channel I love when songs evolve
throughout the song itself like if
you're just repeating the same chorus it
can get a little bit boring and maybe a
little bit repetitive you can get a
little bit boring and maybe a little bit
repetitive but here the chorus has
changed from something more low-key to
the sense of urgency to then a bigger
finale that was very well written in my
opinion I've heard so many pop songs and
even just a couple in the series that
I've been doing on my channel they just
kind of repeat the same chorus over and
over again and that's fine but for a lot
of people myself included it's just a
bit mad and when I listen to a song like
that that just really builds up that big
climax that last final chorus is way
more impactful when it's been built up
and laid upon and lay it upon bigger
instruments backing vocals and just a
kind of vocal variation in the main
vocal line as well it's impressive
writing and in my opinion that's how
songs really should be written if you're
going for something that's gonna like
really hit home with an audience you
can't just start so big because then you
kind of got nowhere to go without making
it sort of weird and a parody of itself
because once you start with this massive
huge chorus if you amplify that again
and go bigger audience as a diss like
whoa just relax for a minute all right
honestly so far out of all of the Shawn
Mendes songs I've listened to I think
that's probably my favorite which I'm
really happy about I'm so glad to hear
and perform something that kind of so
clearly means something to him right so
let's move on to the second one which is
called lost in Japan
hold on you're going for that nice piano
sound is this gonna be like a slow song
I'm so keen well that was not what I
expected
damn that's funky though not really my
kind of song generally but like so
groovy wait a couple hundred miles from
Japan where a high you then how can you
be lost in Japan but also be 200 miles
from Japan okay this one actually does
seem like a song about relationships
maybe people were talking about in my
blood do I gotta convince you I dig this
every so often a song can win me over
despite the fact that it's kind of about
like I guess a generic topic and I think
this is one of those songs just cuz the
music is like making me groove this is
the kind of thing I'd like brush my
teeth too in the morning I get myself
stoked for the day I really really like
his voice in this one he's so relaxed
loving the notes come and he's hitting
them all really really well
oh wow this feels like a 70s throwback
of that chorus this is really good I can
understand why someone wouldn't like it
and I think normally like I said this
isn't the kind of song that I'd like but
for some reason this is pulling me in it
feels like it's a song for like a
montage of my holiday or something cuz
very like movie scene s actually this
little bit I don't really like that much
the chorus though I'm ready to rock out
to that bass guitar is really nice in
the background I think that's really
making the chorus and those backing
vocals there I'm doing those like really
high like Michael jackson-esque sounds
very good and melds together very well
like a modern version of 70s music oh
it's over the disappointment it really
seems like Sean is experimenting a bit
with a couple of different styles which
is great for him I think that his voice
is quite versatile so she should be able
to hit a couple different genres and
there he seems to have melded a couple
of different ones I really like that
music is sort of coming full circle and
now we're hearing a bunch of like oh ma
jizz - earlier music I mean even just in
Bruno Mars for example as an artist
treasure have you seen the music video
for that if you told me that was like
from the 70s I believe yeah it's really
cool to see music evolving in such a way
that it's incorporating earlier music
especially because you can really see
the influences of each individual artist
so honestly both of those two songs I
would be happy to listen to and there
hasn't actually been a Shawn song so far
that I would add to my playlist
however lostinjapan just one that for me
add to playlist BAM now it's on my
playlist so with all of that said I want
to hear your thoughts about those songs
what do you think did you enjoy them do
you agree with what I've said or do you
think I'm wrong in any aspects I'm
always always keen to hear your thoughts
thank you so much for watching and
please don't forget to click that like
button and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
you
