hello everyone my name is Matthew Luke
and welcome back to my channel today
we're doing a part two of a video I did
like a couple months ago reacting to
Shawn Mendes actually listened to quite
a few songs in that reaction video
normally I don't listen to as many as I
did there so I actually had to do a
little bit of digging to find some songs
to listen do for this video but I've got
a few and I'm excited to get into them
if you haven't watched my previous
strong video I'll leave a card up in the
top corner of the screen so you can go
check that one out and while we're
plugging make sure your head down below
click that subscribe button and turn on
notifications so you get notified
anytime I upload a new video you don't
want to miss when I reacts to your
favorite song or artist alright so let's
get stuck right into this to this first
song is called I know what you did last
summer
oh and it has Camila Ben Joseph AO
Sebastian come at you I don't know but I
remember listening to her for the first
time when she did her manage actually
really like I quite liked her voice so
I'll be interested to see how they go
together pretty cool visuals so far
feels like a desert is that what's going
on yeah definitely like it does it okay
I don't like her voice as much as I did
in I much prefer it when she's deeper
with the voice it's not pretty good
together though Sean feels very relaxed
here one criticism I had of him was that
he seemed to strain his voice a lot can
already tell us it's gonna be in my head
constantly
see just like that his voice when he
relaxes and just lets the notes come he
sounds a lot better than when he's
trying to like go big and strain his
throat actually haven't really been
paying attention that much to the lyrics
it's been mostly the music in the
visuals here I'm not really picking up
on a particular story or a unique thing
going on with the lyrics I like this
kind of like sing and reply Singh and
reply Singh and reply going on a lot of
duets and a lot of songs that have
features kind of feels like they have to
both be singing big and crazy together
whereas I like this sort of call and
response feel this one
she's really not that much going on here
like instrumentalize is down buts trying
to listen out like he had drums and
sounds like an acoustic guitar and an
electric guitar as well I was thoroughly
impressed by that actually so as I said
the only Sean songs I listened to were
the ones that I've listened to in that
previous reaction video and out of them
all I didn't really enjoy that many of
them okay I thought they were okay
but none of them were really anything
that I got on my way to listen to or
even necessarily be too happy that
they're playing in like a club or
whatever that one while I wouldn't add
it to my playlist or anything I
definitely can imagine myself being
happy when that plays at a party so
another thing that I did mention about
Sean is that he seemed to just sing
about relationships I don't know if I
just picked the wrong songs it was all
very much based around girls and I think
I know what you did last summer I'm
pretty sure that was still a
relationship based song just kind of
going by the lyrics that I heard but the
title of this one the way kind it gives
me hope that it's not gonna be about
relationship I think it's either gonna
be about a breakup because you know the
weight of a broken heart or about mental
health and depression if it's the letter
I'll be very excited I would love to
hear Sean's thing about that especially
as it's like a fresh thing for him
alright so let's do this
all right so this is a bit more children
well my voice ball chilled out always
came to see some hex work like that Oh
sounds like it's gonna be break up yeah
I never know she was sleeping next door
with the key tiger please yeah I would
have loved to hear you sing about
something mental health wise I've said
this very similar thing in many many
other videos it's not that I hate songs
about love and relationships that's not
what it is not that I have any problem
about someone one interesting about that
it's just that I feel like it's been
explored to death there's not really
very many new ways that you can explore
those themes so to me a lot of them just
kind of blend together and it feels like
I'm listening to more or less the same
story that someone's singing about and I
don't like that I'd actually I guess
funnily enough that's one of the reasons
I really like Ed Sheeran because he
doesn't really that often sing about
just normal relationships but when he
does he's quite specific and vulnerable
with his lyrics and he does this thing
that I also feel is more interesting
where he doesn't just explore like how
he feels about a breakup about something
going on in a relationship he explores
the many impacts that that has on other
people and I find that a lot more
interesting than these sort of songs
that are kind of dislike the same sort
of heartbroken song that we've heard
many times just with different lyrics I
know that I'm gonna sounding like a
massive tool here but I hope you can
understand where I'm coming from in the
middle of the night when I don't
three Mike you know yeah hello waffle
the speed lurex came out of nowhere that
was cool
but you actually really like the visuals
of these words popping up all over the
screen and they're also not just static
they're kind of shaking which is
engaging and interesting but I don't
know yes they've got to be honest that
one definitely not really a fan of I can
understand why someone would like the
song I feel like it would resonate with
a lot of people I mean I've been through
heartbreak and stuff like that but that
whole thing is just really not my kind
of thing
I can't say that I'm not disappointed
that it wasn't about mental health or
something like that I feel like that
would have made for a much more
interesting song anyway let's move on to
the next one okay so the last thing
we're gonna be listening to is called
believe it seems like it's gonna be a
music video as well we'll see so let's
do it I'm actually not sure what the
like topic it is something's gonna be
this one going to be about relationships
that's really cool they're writing like
things that they believe in on the board
like to keep things positive and happy I
mean yeah look maybe there's a little
bit corny but that doesn't mean that
it's not awesome and it doesn't have a
good impact this is the song that sort
of seems to be designed to just kind of
make people happy and look on the
positive side this is kind of what I
mean there's so many things for you to
sing about that can kind of make a
difference and that can really send a
message and I feel like when it comes to
so many things that happen to now in our
world people get really really cynical
and I'm definitely guilty of doing that
myself nice to have positive things like
this every so often that was really
sweet
honestly the topic of that song is just
such a good note to leave the video and
also ever so grateful that I finally
picked the Shawn Mendes song that didn't
have to do with like relationships or a
girl heartbreak and it was a video that
had a message that I thought was really
sweet and that I loved like I was saying
I feel like with everything that's been
going on and everything that continues
to go on I continues to happen all the
bad stuff all the negative things people
get dragged down people become cynical
and I don't think you can blame them
I've become cynical and I've become
jaded in so many ways but it's
incredibly important to every so often
take a step back and realize that hey
good things do still exist and sometimes
it's just really good to kind of have
faith in people because as cynical and
as jaded as I've become one so many
things I still overall have faith in
people I guess what I would have written
up on that wall is I believe in people
know what a corny note to end this video
on thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed the video I'm sitting here
still with the donkey smile on my face
so good on your Sean good on you for
that video I want to hear your thoughts
do you like Shawn Mendes did you like
any those songs or those videos and
let's have a little comment question for
everyone watching this video what do you
believe it can't wait to see your
answers thank you very much for watching
and as always have an awesome time until
I see you next see
