hello everyone my name is matthew
mckenna and welcome back to my channel
minna-san konnichiwa imagine that today
we're gonna be listening to a band
called 1ok Rock which is a Japanese rock
band so I'm pretty stoked and there are
a couple of other Japanese artists that
I have listened to sorry that I didn't
upload last week I got incredibly
distracted because it was my birthday
and by the time I realized that I hadn't
recorded it was just too late if you
want you can make sure you click that
subscribe button and enable
notifications so you get notified any
time I upload a new video
that's the side let's listen to one OK
ROCK
okay so the first time we're going to be
listening to is called the beginning
okay I turned up my volume a lot because
I wasn't sure if that was just very
sound and then suddenly was breathing in
my ear
this is English I was thinking that
something felt weird about the fact that
I wasn't hearing Japanese I didn't
expect to be hearing English
if someone told me that this bag was
just like American or whatever judge
based on just what hood
I wouldn't blink twice thank you twice I
wouldn't think twice
I wouldn't blink twice got an
interesting voice is hitting is nuts
like with this sort of nice dude this
reminds me I was just like my teenage
years I kind of dig it to be honest I
feel like I should be a slight head
banging off to the side that's my head
bangs really interesting sound to it I
really don't know how to describe it
that's a cool change and they're
certainly mixing their like English and
Japanese really really well and I think
the intent there is to appeal to a wider
audience which is very very small in my
opinion
you're like this chorus this is going
like my getting things done playlists
I'm pleasantly surprised by the sound of
this normally I'm not into this like
really heavy sound but it's just I was
expecting something quite poppy but this
is really taking me by surprise
he did
yeah that kick-drum got me on my foot
was like tapping alongside to it just as
a drummer what I hear stuff like that
I'm like resist the urge to Andrew
that's how I addre one-handed
during loss focus like such a typical
end to a music video like this again it
just gives me like massive nostalgia I
actually really have no idea what the
story to that music video was I mean I
guess I was a bit preoccupied with the
sound of it and the nostalgia involved
there I just have absolutely no idea
what they were trying to convey that so
feel free to fill me in with the context
for that to be totally honest while I
did like the song they haven't
completely won me over yet I'll be
really keen to see how they bury their
sound and the reason I say they have a
warm you over just yet is because their
sound is kind of like a standard rock
sound so I would love to see how they
vary so the next song we're gonna be
listening to is called clock strikes now
I'm not sure if that means like the
clock strikes or just a clock strike but
plural
I'm already getting a bit of a different
vibe from this one the least thing it
kind of looks like he's going for a
green day look I mean I dig it I like
green days
I like the foster system that I see guys
no Foss lyrics so one easy way to win
the other book there you go they have
changed that sound it feels quite
different than last one
I again they've sort of changed the the
verse here a little bit it sounds ever
so slightly different so the song is
kind of evolving as it goes
there's a hint this reminds me old and I
cannot sort of live with me put my
finger on it but it's a band I used to
listen to so I'm like actually feeling
like I'm a teenager again
that's crazy I'm 23 now oh my god I
listen to stuff like this 10 years ago
okay this is interesting they've got a
breakdown we're only halfway through the
song this is very blink-182 a lot of
rock artists will have like solos you
know the guitar will go nuts and blink
didn't really have a do that they mostly
just did quiet and chilled versions of
the chorus but just with drums guitar
know that that's exactly what they did
that but I like it it's a really nice
way to bear your song without making it
so like crazy in your face about the
music oh and another lingering note I
think any go out of focus it's kind of
going out of focus so I pan out I'm
actually not sure which of those two
songs I liked better I mean the first
one was pretty great but the second one
really sent me back to my teenage years
so I think I'm gonna go with the clock
strikes the composition of it was
actually pretty impressive as I've said
many many times I'd like when its own
kind of changes and you can watch the
flow of that change and having those
sort of like more calm breakdowns to me
can be like way more impactful for a
song than just like going crazy and
having stuff going everywhere and then a
guitarist like hammering away it sort of
brings it down a notch before then
taking it back up and I appreciate that
ah appreciate that so this next one is
called taking off I'm expecting mad hype
from this one I will accept nothing less
Oh kind of hi this is a different kind
of hi
this kind of feels like a song that
would be in a movie trailer like in the
San Martin oh yeah this is a completely
different sound or is it
and they go a lot more low-key with this
so that they can then I presume bla
static or
this is a cool chorus and I'm kind of
having a nice little moment here because
I'm always impressed by bands that can
have a drama that throughout the chorus
isn't necessarily playing a proper beat
he is now but in that chorus he wasn't
exactly being consistent which is which
is really cool because it shows how well
mesh the band is they don't need a
consistent like drum beat there I can
have someone like plan some crazy stuff
and still be in time all of their
instruments they all mesh together so
well for the sound the note they're
hitting and the weight of their plane
that works very well like that sort of
heavy guitar they're on their own dough
is playing so well with the way the guys
playing the drums and the bass there as
well yeah I'm talking a bit too much
about that but you should just enjoy the
music video whoa okay that ain't good
car explodes Matthew says that ain't
good
oh my god it's another lingering night I
wonder bro make it like four four four
on the lingering note fade to black or
out of focus so far I'd say that's
actually my least favorite of the three
we've listened to but that's just kind
of down to personal preference despite
all the cool things I was saying about
it it's just like not really exactly my
kind of sound I think it really could
have one we go vote what was that like
really high absolute of some guy was
expecting and maybe it was a bit ruined
by my expectations going in look to say
I think it was a bad song or that I
didn't really like it or anything I mean
I definitely don't regret listening to
it it just didn't really do it for so
now we're gonna move on to our very last
song and this one is called American
girls I'm interested in it before I dive
right into this I'm gonna say that I'm
expecting this to be probably the most
poppy of all four just because the title
American girls to me just like screams
radio pop song I will happily be wrong
but that's my prediction you going in
let's see how are you
so far I feel right especially with the
clapping
I like those mics yeah the way you
climbed up and down
yeah well slow copy interesting we've
heard four songs with four distinct
different sounds I mean even though it
is a bit more of a popular song it you
can still see the talent that they have
showing through this is actually kind of
a weird music if we don't when you look
at playing and dancing in the streets
while seemingly being stalked and
quietly great night what a
disappointment I was expecting the
lingering no doubt fade to black
three out of four a bug alright those
are all the songs we're gonna be
listening to today as I said quite a few
times the main thing I was really
impressed by its kind of how dynamic the
singer's voice was I mean they did have
a similar sound through those songs and
knowing that it's the same band it's
obvious but I actually genuinely think
if I was plenty of all four of those
songs and told there were four different
artists I feel like I believed that
pretty readily and I don't know if that
kind of sounds like a criticism but for
me that's not I think that's a really
good thing I think it really speaks to
the artistic talent of a band that
they're able to do that especially when
it's a band as opposed to a solo singer
cuz like a solo singing you know it's
pretty easy to change your sound if
you're a band don't have to change just
your sound you have to change the sound
of everyone in the group so I don't want
to like undersell how impressed I am by
that those last two songs didn't really
do anything for me the first two I did
enjoy quite a bit but if you have
watched a few of my videos you would
probably already be expecting that just
because I don't generally like that pop
sale anyway I kind of feel like I've
blab it all about this so I want to hand
it over to you I want to hear your
thoughts and you will one OK ROCK fan if
so what do you think of those four songs
I listen to do you agree with what I've
said especially about like the two that
sounded more poppy now those four which
one did you like the best I'm always
excited to hear good please don't forget
to give this video a big old thumbs up
and as always have an awesome time until
I see you next see ya
