hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
pretty excited for today one band that
I've been asked to react to a lot is
Panic at the Disco now when I was young
I went through a long emo phase and I
did indeed listen to a bit of panic but
since so many people asked me to do them
I went through and I was like I can find
songs that I haven't listened to and I
did find one a very popular one that I
just haven't heard so that's why today
we're listening to their song Emperor's
New Clothes before we start if you are
new you click that subscribe button and
enable notifications so you get notified
anytime I blow a new video
let's jump into they've always been
great with their visuals haven't they
I've always enjoyed his voice I know it
may not technically be the most
impressive voice but it's just got such
a unique and awesome sound
Oh panics always done really well at
incorporating other instruments so
really came to him them sort of
introduced Wow
Wow these visuals are incredible I also
like how jerky it feels wait it almost
feels like it's stop-motion this is I'm
having like massive nostalgia right now
not even gonna lie I have the
transformation so cool
he's always it is high notes so so well
and that's so hard to do in that style
really interesting effects one of my
friends does VFX and I should have asked
her to do i Facebook this for that video
nickname Wow okay they actually asked
not versioning a bit it kind of reminds
me like Tim Burton's movies like corpse
bride that's the sort of vibe I'm
getting visually so hard to do that in a
way that kind of makes sense for the
camera
this is very very catchy as well I will
pretend that I can sing this later on we
in a weekend and I live for Christmas if
I still had my little iPod Nano I would
put this on there walk around with my
skinny jeans and my straighten pan like
it used to go and I should show you guys
what I used to dress like you'd find it
hilarious definitely like it's it's
always amazing to me to have a band like
panic that you're able to identify the
song as panic almost every single time
within like 10 to 15 seconds of the
music video that was really good to
thank she really liked that very catchy
very interesting song and I absolutely
adored the visual effects and the
camerawork of that I think stuff like
that is often underrated for how
difficult and impressive it is to pull
something off like that in a way that
looks so good and is so engaging because
it is so so easy for effects like that
to be unraveled and look dreadful but
throughout the whole music video I saw
no weak points in the creativity end in
the technique visually always flawless
my music tastes have changed quite a bit
from when I was younger so I don't think
I'd really like add this to my playlist
now but if we won the fought back a few
years 100% yes actually thought the
lyricism as well was pretty solid I
especially liked that shouting like
Finders Keepers losers weepers panic do
have this weird way of making things
like lyrics or phrases that should be
lame sound just ridiculously cool and I
am so okay with that especially when
they're shouted at me in a high-pitched
voice but hey I'm probably being a
little bit biased here because of all
the nostalgia value
music video had for me so with that said
I want to hear your thoughts are you a
panic fan I do not give you on did you
like that video or did you not maybe you
can have a controversial opinion and not
like that video but also be a panic fail
I always want to hear your thoughts
thank you very much for watching I hope
you enjoyed the video please don't
forget to click that like button and as
always have an awesome time until I see
you next see ya
