hello there my name is Matthew McKenna
I'm walking back to my channel today
we're doing an artist that I think it's
a little bit different to some of the
other artists that we've been listening
to I'm gonna be listening to a band
called the vamps what I've heard about
their sound is incredibly varied some
people say that they've got some rock
sounds some people say they have
acoustic sounds and I have heard a
couple people describe them as poppy
when I hear this much variation about a
band sound it kind of always makes me a
bit excited to jump into it because I
have no idea what to expect before we
start if you are new here make sure you
click Subscribe and enable notifications
so you get notified whenever I upload a
video let's get stuck into it I've set
up a little playlist that consists of a
few songs I found that sounded
interesting there's also a song I found
it's like an acoustic song it was only
release like a week ago of course I had
to include that I want to hear that news
stuff too
so the first song in the list is called
can we dance seems to be a pretty
popular song given the title I'm going
to assume it's either a really preppy
almost dance track song or a love song
from abuelo slow just hang it upside
down oh I was gonna say staring at the
dog but no you
that was absolutely not the voice I
expected some weird stuff has happened
last that I'm gonna be honest I've
always wanted to do that little prank to
someone I know it's so dumb
okay oh that's interesting
I'm glad they didn't why they didn't go
so big in this first verse got quite a
nice tune to it doesn't it
I'm gonna just quickly pause slow I was
a bit concerned about with the title was
that we kind of blast into the song a
bit too early and it wouldn't be enough
build-up which is one thing that I think
is a bit of a problem when it comes to
like I said those like party tracks they
sort of blow up and start so big and
they've kind of got nowhere to go but
down
whereas starting a bit more mellow and
working your way up generally provides a
bigger payoff as well here we go now I
should go up in a second oh the bit of
the start was the course
it's bigger than they've taken a very
sort of traditional chorus path in that
like they've gone sort of start with
like a simplified version of the chorus
go into a verse then a chorus which is a
very sort of traditional way of writing
a song I have to say so far this is not
at all what I expected
I actually expected something a bit
heavier but I mean I'm not opposed to it
it's actually a lot more chilled out
than I expected for this song as well
wow they're like cleaning up the party I
see I think the only complaint I've got
at the moment is that on first listen
it's a little bit hard to hear the
lyrics because he's going with him
really fast see I'm not sure what he
just said then to be honest but that was
a little bit mum way as well
see but he's very very clear with his
pronunciation in the chorus which I
guess is the important bit that's what
everyone sings out while little jump up
and down as a note I would have liked to
see a little bit of variation in the
chorus oh there we go maybe I spoke a
bit too soon if a song just goes like
verse chorus verse chorus and then the
same move it can be kind of boring but
there was the variation I was looking
for and then it goes back into its
traditional course smart move
keeps people engaged in the song I
really like seeing bands get so into
their music videos but I guess that's
kind of how it is with pretty much any
art form isn't it if you're engaged and
you're enjoying it you're having fun
that the viewers will too he can sink I
really can't
oh that was that was trippy I'm watching
a video of him watching a video you're
watching your video of me watching a
video of him watching it so I will admit
with that not exactly my type of song
although I really do want to touch on
one quick thing and that's about his
voice a lot of the time singers
especially young singers seem to make
this mistake of straining their voice a
lot I've seen it with a couple of
artists that I've done videos on and I'm
always happy to see someone who's
relatively young and just not straighten
their voice even in the fast bits and a
louder chorus his voice seemed
relatively relaxed which is especially
good because he's not gonna damage his
throat in just a few years all right
let's move on to the next song this is
the acoustic one that I randomly came
across while searching the vamps only
got like what half a million views only
half a million I'm really really keen to
listen to this acoustic song because
it'll be a nice change of pace from the
last song and I'll get to hear that
musical talent maybe a little bit more
nice simple piano as well always a nice
touch
very classy camera shots to that coffee
sitting there
I heard you moved on if we should shine
I don't know if it's just if he's got
like an odd accent but sometimes his
voice can sound a bit weird it's also
can also a little bit
but I actually just got distracted by
that chorus
oh they're actually doing backup vocals
- that's really cool
they're doing really well
so this is one of those songs it's kind
of like lamenting about lost love there
with someone else do they feel the same
to you the same as I did it's a it's a
sweet kind of song to run against if not
a little bit cliche nothing that's
necessarily bad
I liked that note on the work neck
I always love to see pop artists sitting
down to the piano and playing kind of
shows that versatility as well
so far in the two songs I've listened to
his voice or he seems quite versatile
also doing these kinds of acoustic sets
can be so hard so when I see them I'm
always very impressed
also playing piano and singing at the
same time could be incredible difficult
not as hard as playing drums and singing
at the same time though
hmm little stick spin oh it's always
really classy to throw in little things
like that
hurricane his voice would be really
really good at hitting a high note he
hasn't really done anything overly
ambitious in the hybrid department but I
actually feel like you could really pull
it off the the blond-haired so fluffy
kind of a lot of pound like all of the
more I ripped jeans I really do love
hearing bands show off their versatility
by like playing these acoustic sets
which might be different to a lot of the
stuff they've done in the past I
actually quite enjoyed that song even
though in regards the lyrics it wasn't
really exactly my taste
as I've mentioned many times before in
my channel I'm not too big a fan of like
love songs or even like sad love songs
like this and that's mostly because I
feel like there's not too many new ways
to explore that topic and there are so
many other topics that can be explored
and done so and really new innovative
ways but I really really liked the sound
of that one that was really chilled
really relaxed definitely something I
could put on my playlist and just have
it playing in the house well I'm like
cleaning or doing dishes or something I
actually honestly think I might add that
to my playlist next up is another music
video this one I just realized is
actually featuring Demi Lovato who I am
intending on doing a video on because
I'd literally just never listen to
anything she's put out wasted sucker for
title cards I love Thailand continents
over here
it's a bit bit different both of their
other songs yeah you
voice is quite a bit deeper as opposed
to the last ones I actually prefer
people like this even their style is
very different I like seeing an
evolution of a band so it's interesting
to watch something from a few years ago
just after watching something wrong we
go here we go chorus this is way more
poppy no that's not a bad thing it's
just that you can see sort of that
they've gone for a different style with
this song I like that yeah are you okay
Bish's that's actually not what I
thought demi would sound like either but
they work together no date she's very
smart choice for this song
as I said in the last music video we
watched that definitely having fun out
there but I don't think they're just
having fun with the music video I think
they really really enjoy writing and
performing their music in general I know
that's kind of hard to gauge for like
three videos but I think that speaks to
how much that shows in that I picked
that up after only three songs
and I love when an artist loves they are
actually think it's also inspired I
really like the visuals of this
I think this Beach shoot is a very
interesting sort of choice but it paid
off it works because you got to be
really careful with shots like this
because they can come across like so
cliche but I don't think they've done
that I think they've managed to pull it
off it was a very short song wasn't but
I guess that's good one thing that I've
seen pop musicians do that I don't
really like that much is to extend their
song kind of longer than they need to be
if you can write and perform your song
in a three-minute slot and say and do
everything you want to do in the three
minutes there's no reason to chuck it
another two or three choruses keep it
short and sweet and I also guarantee
that a lot of people clicked that replay
button so like that wasn't long enough I
want to listen to it again moving on to
the very last song is called Oh Cecilia
break in my heart
featuring Shawn Mendes I did a video on
Shawn before it'll be really really
interesting to see what he's like with
another artist because all the songs
that listening to live show and I think
would just solo songs it's always really
telling to me to see how an artist
performs and of out of their artistic
depth because they haven't written the
song so it's not really exactly for them
I hate deep water
I have a fear of like open ocean so that
was a little bit this just makes me
wanna shake side beside ya that's my dad
see here here his fast lyrics are a lot
more understandable so I'm very I'm very
happy about that to be honest because I
really really like fast songs that have
fast lyrics but I don't like what I
can't understand them I actually feel
like I may have heard this song it
sounds very familiar I think a little
bit like stranded I get it okay
I like it
see that's what I mean about them having
fun I love that guys rent drumsticks oh
this Shawn I was I was gonna say I was
kind of listening out for him I can't
good one one criticism I hadn't shown
was that he was one of those people that
kind of strained his voice so it's
really really good to hear and just
relaxed and letting the notes come
really good choice to make this this
fast upbeat song nice work around
showing you that really really nicely
the scenery is just absolutely gorgeous
it's really beautiful I feel like it
must be amazing to shoot music videos
like this you know looks like they've
just taken video this is the band
hanging out which is a really cool vibe
for music video as well
okay I dig this song
at the start of this I didn't think I
would like this song as much as I do
just because it doesn't really seem like
my kind of thing but it's so fun and
kind of happy I guess even though the
lyrics don't sound that happy okay so my
favorite out of those four songs would
have been either saying to you or
Cecilia I can't really decide which one
but if I had to if I had to decide it
would probably be saying to you and I
say that because I'm actually gonna add
same to you to my playlist and I can
imagine myself listening to that Cecilia
maybe not so much it was fun and I liked
the song I also liked the music video
but I don't know if I would actively
kind of go out of my way to listen to it
but to be honest none of those songs I
would complain if they came on wherever
I was and one thing the vamp seems to do
quite well and it shouldn't be
undervalued for how difficult it is is
that they've written catchy songs that
aren't annoying there's a lot of pop
artists that struggle with this they get
so obsessed with writing catchy songs
that they write songs that are catch you
but are just annoying and I'm actually
sure that all four of those songs will
pop into my head later and I will end up
singing them around the house but the
difference between that and quite a few
other catchy song is that I won't hate
that I am singing much is the situation
I've been in quite a few times anyway
those were my thoughts on the vamps and
the songs we listened to thank you for
watching this video I hope you enjoyed
it let me know your thoughts down in the
comments below I want to hear what you
think about the vamps do you love them
are you not quite a fan what's your
favorite song also please don't forget
to click that thumbs up button and as
always have an awesome time until I see
you next see ya
