hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
so after a couple of videos of doing
stuff that's a little bit different to
the things I've reacted to in the past
on this channel we did Sam Smith we did
a hmmm I thought it would be cool to do
another one direction single considering
everyone keeps a hustling for them so
today we're doing them very highly
requested don't forget where you belong
before we start a view on you here make
sure you head down below click that
subscribe button and enable
notifications so you get a notification
any time I upload a new video let's get
into it opening sound other yeah there's
a guitar I like the sound of it opening
guitar sounds like this is gonna be a
bit poppier yeah so yeah I think that
pop sound shows through here Liam I
always say Liam sound better when he
sings sort of these deeper tones I also
like that they're singing about sort of
being around the world that's always a
way to win me over
see I like songs that have this whole
idea of like a home and finding who you
are and kind of getting in touch with
your roots I guess oh yeah that makes
sense considering the song time I
haven't thought I didn't think of it
seems like it's not a One Direction song
if they don't have them because when
they're all together
this the way that they said and you're
never alone reminds me of
a lot of my all-time favorite songs
called white wine in the Sun Biden
mentioned a link of a look
I mean as far as a puppy some graduation
don't only doesn't win me over I I guess
I kind of like this I also like they're
actually playing in a couple of
different keys and even tempo is
actually a lot of a lot of pop songs
you'd be surprised
sing in the same key from almost all the
song and even the same tempo for all the
song but I just realized that that Zayn
singing oh yeah okay so this is the song
when the whole band was together not
that they're not one direction now but
you know they had thing
this is one thing that I think one to
actually do really well they introduced
some variety into their solos like they
turned a chorus let's see a big poppy
bouncy track before like in that last
little bit they managed to turn it into
a clap along with just the bass drum and
snare and vocals that's really cool like
that
never underestimate how much talent it
takes to write songs that have the same
sort of lyrics in structure but had done
differently in each course there always
embrace it man
and then winding down the song - which
is nice never really a fan of a song
that just kind of stops out of nowhere
so I like having that gradual decline
into the songs over so as I said the
tune and the way that song goes it's
alright it's a little bit - I mean I
guess even happy is the wood for me bit
too preppy but I totally understand why
some people would like that what I do
want to touch on is that I really really
like the lyrics there and I loved the
message behind that song coming from
someone that's really an outsider when
it comes to one direction it seems to be
a recurring theme through not just stuff
bands music but even some of their solar
works this whole notion that maybe not
exactly knowing where your home is
because you travel a lot so you've
essentially got a bunch of different
homes all over the world so you have to
sort of search internally and sometimes
find a home in your family and your
friends you know partner or whatever and
I think one of the reasons I like
hearing people sing about that because
it doesn't just apply to people that are
touring the world for their jobs it can
apply to anyone you me all of our
friends everyone watching this video I
think it's always a healthy thing to
understand that home isn't necessarily
just a place it can be a concept it's
not just oh this is the address that's
your arm because most of us will have
many different addresses over the course
of our lives people get new stuff new
things that you remember sees so I guess
thinking of home as more of a concept
can be very healthy because it doesn't
make it someplace that you are attached
to it just makes it as cheesy as it
sounds a place where you feel like you
belong which something you really seem
to be the message of that song okay
maybe I maybe I've talked about this a
little bit too long so now I want to
hand it over to you I want to hear all
your thoughts down in the comments below
I mean do you like the song do you agree
with what I've said about the concept of
home do any of you travel a lot do you
feel like you have had to find the home
that isn't just a place let me know
because I'm really keen to hear what you
have to say so thank you very much for
watching I hope you
the video please don't forget to give
this video a big old thumbs up and as
always have an awesome time until I see
you next see ya
