hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're gonna react to five seconds
of summer's new song well kind of new
it's like two months old now so as
always I'm a little bit late to the
party but I've seen the words Youngblood
so many times in my comment section but
I thought I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
quickly react to it it's important and
it needs to be done it's pretty obvious
at this point that I don't really know
that much about pop music and maybe
that's like the understatement of the
year but I do want you to know that
pretty much the only way I have any sort
of introduction to all these new artists
is from the comments that you guys leave
if you do want me to react to someone or
a song or an album whatever make sure
you put it down in the comments honestly
sometimes when I sit down to film I
don't even know what I'm gonna react to
I'm just like well let's just scroll
through the comments and see what said a
bunch of times which probably drives my
editor Billy crazy because he has no
idea what he's gonna be editing most of
the time until I just kind of do it and
here's where he's gonna insert some kind
of joke to make me look like a bit of a
tool before we get into it though if you
are new here make sure you click
Subscribe and turn on notifications so
you get notified any time I upload it in
your video alright let's do it
okay caught most of that it was like
thanks for the 60 years for the rest of
the time we have let's have fun
is this gonna make me sad okay so it's
gonna show them as like youngins right
sort of a whole lucky young-at-heart
sort of thing so that old that old dude
was a gangster I guess not a gangster
like what are they called
the Greece's he was a greaser
so I'm guessing that's the chorus I
couldn't quite understand the lyrics
that was kind of the problem I guess
like I'm assuming that the point of
these is that like this dude is the old
guy from before maybe it's a story of
how they met the man does not leave the
house without using four cans of
hairspray at least I wonder if I gonna
show them start to get like older
together that'd be really interesting
cool seeing a fight scene like in sync
to the beat of the music
the vs. actually feel really short in
comparison to the chorus which is not
something that I've kind of experienced
in a while
Oh God
is that like the couple dying huh oh
geez that would just happen there okay
I'm just trying to extract some meaning
and this is making me sad cuz I might be
completely wrong but like the way that
I'm interpreting that is as though like
it's like that time running out like
they're talking about especially at the
start um like my translation is very
very rough but I'm pretty sure what it
was like was like let's make the time we
have left fun maybe the whole thing is
like hey for the last night of our lives
we're gonna have like young blood go
crazy you have a great time and then
that clock hitting zero is like their
lives are over and that's depressing and
at least they had a great time which
means that it's not sad it's happy right
what's really interesting to me about
this and kind of like I guess the
message that I feel they're going for is
that kind of old saying of like don't be
sad that it's over be happy that it
happened you know I guess the idea of
like life being a journey so kind of
enjoy what you're doing and I mean you
know all of us are gonna die right so
that's something that I feel people just
come to accept over time when I first
started watching this I kind of assumed
that it was like flashbacks to their
life or how they met but I feel like
it's kind of like how the name suggests
right like like the end of their life
they just enjoy themselves and have fun
and kind of reach the end of their life
in such a spectacular fashion and you
serve together so that's kind of
heartwarming but also very sad so that
was I guess the meaning I took out of it
I actually didn't mind the song either I
think the the really interesting thing
about that music video was that it was
pretty much four minutes it's it's three
minutes and 50 seconds but that felt
like it just flew by in no time you know
which is particularly strange because I
didn't really feel like there was much
variation in the verses or the choruses
and as I've talked about in the past and
I think in specifically in my last
couple of videos I really like when
someone's kind of evolved throughout the
song so I guess that would be my
complaint there but that chorus was a
bit of a Bartlett you know I was into it
I was even tapping my feet you can't see
them but I was tapping my feet I think
that's everything that's kind of like
entered my mind after watching that I
need to just step away for a second
because I feel like I've just like
thought so many things in the span of
like seven minutes this is just a bit
overwhelming but I would love to hear
your thoughts and I would
to hear your interpretation especially
because I feel like that's the kind of
video that like 20 people could watch
and all of them would walk away with
completely different interpretations so
I really want to hear your
interpretation let me know what you
think let's get some fan theories going
on in here but overall thank you so much
for watching and I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did please don't forget to
click that like button and as always
have an awesome time until I see you
next see ya
