in my short couple of months doing
videos about music one name has popped
up many many times in the comments
people have requested that I react to
him people have mentioned many singles
and songs that they would particularly
like to hear and I was really surprised
that I hadn't heard this person for
giving that popularity I mean when I've
done one direction videos or 5 seconds
of summer or twenty one pilots at least
I've heard of them you know I'm aware of
their existence
this person Sam Smith I never even heard
of before and I checked out their social
media and they're huge
so there was ever an artist that was
gonna make me feel like I actually do
live under a rock when it comes to pop
music
it's Sam Smith so today we're doing a
reaction video to Sam Smith himself now
just as a quick thing every so often I
do these little contests on Twitter or I
give a follow-up in a shout-out to
someone who retweets one of my videos
and actually forgot to do the shoutout
for the last one so I'm doing it right
now so here's a shout out and thank you
very very much to act drama girl zero
eight seven you're always very
supportive and always amazing like just
followed you and seriously a huge thank
you thank you to everyone who supports
me it is just amazing before we start if
you are new here make sure you head down
below and click that subscribe button
and enable notifications so that you get
a notification any time I upload a new
video
all right enough dilly-dally we're gonna
react to Christmas Sam Smith what songs
to pick so I'm just gonna guess based on
I guess popularity one or like I've
never heard of it before but I wonder if
I'm actually gonna recognize any of
these songs like maybe I heard and I
guess I don't think about that much
sorry so the first one we're gonna
listen to is called too good at goodbyes
it was only released about three months
ago so maybe I've heard this song
feels very like dive ball performance
desk
nice clean notes even assignments great
clean and good quality nice
it's not really what I expected him to
look like that I don't really know what
I expected but how can i that's a really
nice short feel sort of short film ish
his wife sounds nice in that high range
but I really came to here it was close I
feel like I feel like the low range
might seem a bit better it's doing is
vibrato very nicely as well so far as
some lyricism sounds really nice as well
I can tell you I haven't heard this song
before really nice scenery
oh that's a really nice touch the choir
in the background I didn't expect that
but I like it I love that drum sound
sounds like it was recorded on an
electric drum kit but I dig it
oh gosh my hands and feet were just
tapping it's kind of sweet
see I've heard a lot of pop songs that
are about like breakups but I don't
think I've really heard one that's kind
of about preventing yourself from
getting into a relationship because you
do sted but it's sort of about personal
growth there as well about how it
impacts unless each time happens it's
kind of like an interesting
acknowledgement of how like I mean
statistically most relationships are
destined to fail so it's really
interesting to hear a song song about
that unless I'm completely missing the
meaning very talented singer isn't he I
think I really did the composition of
this song
I think there's a lot of interesting
layers going on but it's not overly
complicated does he actually play piano
because I see a piano there seems like
the kind of person that would play piano
right fair enough that's a pretty strong
start with someone I've never heard
before I think the only obvious
criticism might have of that song is
that like while I like that he didn't
keep it the same towards the last thing
in it I don't like that he did that by
just sort of doing different rows and
was if that makes sense
I would have loved to have heard some
different lyrics or even just some like
changes of the existing lyrics but I I
mean it didn't really detract from the
song that much overall okay so the next
one we're going to listen to is cold
stay with me that's a really nice short
ended actually love this color grading
almost gritty esque come up our follow
up is quite nice i do like music videos
that have a bit of a preamble that i'm
just jump straight into music it's nice
to see like I guess sort of a summary
being set up
of that
Wow looks really different guess it's
true I'm not good at it yeah yeah wow it
looks very different I guess this is a
while ago huh let me see oh wow this is
like three years ago okay oh okay I'd
like immediately recognize this song I
do know this song
I had no idea this was Sam Smith okay
fair enough
god I feel like a total idiot now to be
fair I've only really heard like this
chorus I don't know any of the rest of
the song
so we'll keep listening to it anyway and
keep watching the music video does he I
really hope that he kind of hit some
deeper notes if not in this song at
least in the next one I listen to
because yeah he can pull off that high
falsetto really well
I'm just so keen to hear what he sounds
like singing mama
his idea so seem to help his song seems
to have like this churchy vibe to them I
guess
Oh actually I guess that's kind of what
they're going for you especially with
the white and the Hogan yeah it feels
sort of yeah him like it's an
interesting vibe to hearing in this sort
of music eh
so can't believe I didn't recognize the
song just based on the name my god I
keep doing this nice solar flares across
the camera you can never have too much
solar flares my friends wait I just
realized to change this two different
coats three different coats of the
jacket but you know so far two out of
two of the music videos we've watched
have ended with him like staring down
the camera dramatically like alright
let's pick another song
here's another old one this one was from
about three years ago it's called I'm
not the only one I think this will be
the last song that we listen to in this
video if you want me to listen to more
leave a comment down below with what
songs and we'll make like a part two or
something like that oh yeah I like
hearing stories and music videos it's
actually not him as the character in the
music video well maybe it's too early to
talk about that but I also like when
artists don't necessarily have
themselves in the music video or at
least not as the main focus I think it
just adds another whole layer of
storytelling to it yeah damn the way
that piano works with that with those
drums is awesome
okay so it seems like this woman is
unhappy in her marriage maybe he is too
because it looks like he's at a bar or
something
okay she's very unhappy Wow Wow
so does she like to know he's cheating
or something maybe maybe she knows and
that's why she's upset or she just
assumes various hey I should ignore that
she did have some some deeper notes in
that in that last like opening verse
that makes me angry well I think she
definitely knows what's up so like car
cleaning stuff
I think cheating is just such a selfish
dumb thing
communicate with your partner feels like
she's going to catch him
she's thrown his stuff out haha oh my
gosh
so she was getting things to start a
fire okay
oh I'm just I'm understanding the lyrics
now I know I'm not the only one I get it
when you call me I know I'm not the only
one I see essentially like I know you're
being unfaithful
is she gonna pretend like wait I really
came to see what is we're actually gonna
behind
Oh was that like
Oh interesting so it seems like she
knows but what just happened was
essentially like a fantasy ahead
Wow well I was a it was interesting just
to break that down it seems like she
knew that he was cheating and had this
sort of idea slash fantasy to go throw
all this stuff out and burn it but
didn't either because like she did not
proof or something because she wanted to
keep him I guess one thing that actually
does bother me is when people say like
oh he cheated you should just dump him
and get over it it's really really not
always that simple sometimes people want
to just stay in the relationship they in
well they think the person that cheated
can change will they blame themselves
it's really not always as easy as just
Oh thump boom
so I guess keep that in mind one of your
friends ever gets cheated on sorry I
really got distracted by the music video
there we barely even talked about the
actual music itself but I really think
that's actually impressive that the
music video can draw me in that much so
massive props to it for doing that
alright so that's all we have time for
in this video I hope you've enjoyed it
let me know your thoughts on the same
Smith and the songs that I've reacted to
down in the comments I'm always wanting
to hear what you think about the song
very active also don't forget to let me
know who or what you want me to react to
next I always want to do content that
you actually want to see please don't
forget to give this video a big old
thumbs up thank you very much for
watching and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
