hello that everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
I'm a grandpa that knows nothing when it
comes to pop music so I've been doing a
series where I expand my horizons and
listen to a bunch of music that I
otherwise wouldn't listen to now in one
of my most recent videos I reacted to if
I could fly by one direction and this
prompted a tremendous amount of people
to request the song home also by one
direction so that's going to be what
we're reacting to today before we start
make sure you head down below could that
subscribe button and turn on
notifications so you get a notification
any time I upload a new video you don't
want to miss if I react to your favorite
artists or your favorite song this
didn't seem to have a music video and I
think either I found another one of
those like the lyrics and picture videos
pretty keen humans to be honest I like
that rip hold on what's that like
maracas I go for a second
Wow Liam sit in those notes really
nicely
Wow so I actually I'm just gonna pull
the real quick to acknowledge this so
far quite like the tune actually that
they're extending are a bit kind of
mostly like any other pop love song
which is fine but I actually think those
three lines the way they're some needs
to be acknowledged for how kind of cool
that is musically each line is sung in a
different pitch and then at the end they
do a slide off so it's really cool to
see the notes go from like here to here
to here and very very high
I'm impressed for those high notes well
done Harry
it's actually doesn't even sound like a
One Direction song that much they sound
like another bands and I can't really
put my finger on an attorney I've always
thought it's really cool the way that
they use all of the voices in the band
sort of really emphasized some lyrics
and then bits of the song that's another
really cool point they've brought that
same vocal slide on the lyric home that
they used in the first couple of sets of
lines because the lyrics I'll make this
feel kind of a lower pitch and then home
with the slide up brings it straight
back to where it was to start with just
really cool composition mics oh okay so
it's not the not the same as they did
last verse which is cool I like when
things develop as opposed to just stay
the same
and now that slide was down
one thing I really really like to see in
songs is an evolution and development
within the song itself so here the two
verses have had a slightly different
tune and slightly different pitches and
even the chorus now has changed as well
first of all I just enjoy seeing a song
develop like that second it's really
nice to know that they haven't just kind
of copy pasted the singing from before
this is actually for example Harry
singing an entirely new chorus again
bable just taking what he did in the
first course and dropped it in here
again yeah yeah and they've even changed
it slightly for all the band members
here nice I think I think it's pretty
impressive the way that this song is
structured yeah see even those little
tag on bits at the end they're all done
with a purpose
I like singing that a song has a purpose
in the way that it's structured
not just in its lyrics
yeah genuinely impressed I think a lot
of people really discount pop music and
honestly I'll happily say that I was one
of those people not even that long ago
pretty much before I started doing this
series but people often assume that top
music is easy to create although there's
not really any talent involved in it but
it does take quite a lot of effort and
talent to be able to structure something
that's still very catchy and that people
will recognize but still have artistic
expression within it and honestly a lot
of the stuff that I mentioned is
relatively subtle stuff which in my
opinion kind of makes it more impressive
because it's not this musical talent
that's just chucked in your face for you
to notice and sort of be all struck by
it's these subtle intricacies that have
just layered into the work which can
affect you and the way that you listen
to a song without even you really
noticing and I just think to be able to
pull something like that off in a pop
song like that is genuinely impressive
the lyrics in that were also kind of
cute I will admit like I said they did
sort of give me a vibe of every pop love
song but I think that's just personal
preference and while I say that I do
think that these lyrics come from
somewhere personal because there's this
whole idea of making you feel like home
that seems to be a recurring theme with
a lot of artists that just told the
world all the time and don't necessarily
feel like they have a single home
because they are just sort of everywhere
all the time
at any rate those are just my thoughts I
want to hear yours what do you think of
a song do you like it I want to hear
what it makes you feel anymore you think
the songs about maybe what I thought it
was about it is completely incorrect
I'm always keen to hear anything also
let me know who or what you want me to
react to next
I love making content that you want to
say please don't forget to give this
video a big old thumbs up and as always
have an awesome time until I see you
next see ya
