hello there everyone my name is Betty
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
so I've been asked probably maybe a
million bajillion gazillion times to
react to 5 seconds of summer it's
definitely been one of the most
requested things on my channel since
even like my first reaction video the
thing is that I haven't been reacting to
bands or artists that I've heard before
but I realized that I really don't know
as many as I think and there are plenty
of music videos and songs that I've
never watched or heard I'm pretty keen
to get into react and analyze amnesia
now I'm not sure I'm right on this but I
feel like amnesia was one of them most
popular songs and it really helped to
catapult them into international spot oh
come with earphones in and I'm ready to
listen before we start if you are new
here make sure your head down below
click that subscribe button and enable
notifications so that you get a
notification any time I upload a new
video alright so let's do this 5 sauce
and Misha Wow this really feels like it
was shot in Australia I'm pretty sure
that counts with clapping on the left so
probably was shot in Australia that
tiger throwback to Michael's green yet
one thing that I know I don't like is
that calamus voice in particular he's a
great singer but his voice isn't too
clear like he seems to model slightly
something that looks so much oh my gosh
I've always wanted to like hit golf
balls just add into the horizon
this is not the sound that I really
expected because they're normally pretty
rocky I guess Oh Brock
that's a that's a pretty cool I wish I
could wake up with amnesia forget about
the stupid little things
listen see I feel like that line in the
in the chorus there is probably what
started the song some would relay
thought of that nice line went let's
expand from there that would be so hard
are you kidding nice high notes see I'm
like I'm like wouldn't it be so funny oh
that outfit and now they're swimming in
water this video actually feels so
Australian every single Australian has
done something like this no lie I kind
of like that shirt that's great
I like I like seeing like a musician
diamond we could table like that
obviously an inflated with tide and
think it was a real good table it's such
a nice room I'm a little confused as to
what's going on with this music video
I'm not really sure there's a lot or if
it's just a bunch of engaging visuals I
don't mind them that's just engaging
engaging visuals but I just like to know
if there's meant to be a storyline I
love those shots like from the bottom of
a pool
if you've ever like laid down on the
base of a pool like underwater and
that's looked up it is beautiful
it's weird because the solar seems like
it's supposed to be sad but they're
having such a good time maybe that's the
point
oh they're feeling sad while thinking
about all these nice things I get it
probably because of a breakup or what
happened definitely cause of a breakup
my child is another role student I've
actually seen those stickers I like
these camera shots the blood lights at
the in the background look to rhythm is
nice that's also really lovely shot that
should be like an album cover if it
isn't already I can honestly see why
that was so popular it's got a catchy
chorus and memorable chorus with lyrics
that seem to actually come from a
meaningful place I mentioned before that
I don't like when lyrics seem to just be
vague or written with the intention of
just being relatable but I think the
music video helps kind of show that
that's not necessarily the case for this
song because as I mentioned they could
have easily made that music video
instead about like you know a couple
fighting or hanging out or breaking up
and shown these just really sad visuals
but instead they went with happy ones
and I think the point of that was to
show how like even all these happy fun
memories that you have can be spoiled or
ruined I guess in a sense when something
bad happens in the relationship or
friendship and I think they break up or
you stop being friends you look back and
they all seem to have a negative light
add to that generally I would encourage
people that are going through that to
understand that that feeling is kind of
temporary you know after a while you
could look back at those positive
experiences still as positive
experiences and then all like tainted by
the memory of your of your ex but how
you have been there and I definitely
felt like that for I did mention a
couple of criticisms I feel like a lot
of that has improved over time because
as I saw her on the upload date of that
video it's like three years old they've
had a lot of time to grow
develop as a band and I really believe
in that shows and I think even though
that's technically me saying that before
they won as good as they are now that is
a good thing in my opinion if you're
developing growing and getting better as
a group or even as an individual artist
it shows that you're still learning and
there you will continue to get that so I
guess that could be a little
motivational thing for you as well if
you draw or you sing or you make youtube
videos and you think you're not quite as
good as it could be but you can see that
with every little thing you do you start
to get better that is a good thing it is
also great to be aware of your flaws
because how else you're going to be able
to fix them it's unlikely you'll just
accidentally fix things
at any rate let me know your thoughts I
want to hear what you think of the song
and what you think of 5 seconds of
summer in general please don't forget to
give this video a big old thumbs up and
as always have an awesome time until I
see you next see ya
