hello everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
as always I'm pretty excited for today
because we're doing a song that was
requested by a lot of people and that
always makes me really happy
to see what you want me to react to and
when it comes time for me to sit down
and listen to these songs I'm just
always so over the moon when there are
ones that have been requested a lot so
if there's something you'd like me to
watch please try to comment down below
and let me know because what you want I
do my best to deliver so today we're
going to react to if I could fly by One
Direction now so far I've done quite a
few videos reacting to one direction and
some of the members solo stuff so now
we're going to go back to the group as a
whole now as a forewarning if you
haven't seen my previous One Direction
videos while I did like some of their
stuff a lot of it wasn't for me and I
really like giving honest genuine
feedback and criticism so don't
necessarily expect me to say only good
things about this song before we start
if you are new here make sure your head
down below click that subscribe button
and enable notifications so you get a
notification
anytime I upload a new video let's get
to it so what I've done is like a
fan-made video with a bunch of lyrics
and pictures so now things aren't even
diving into some fandom videos that's a
lot slower than I sort of expected
oh I do like Harry's voice and he hits
this note so cleanly
Wow interestingly I think that I think
Liam sounds better here than in his solo
stuff seems they're trying to go for
sort of a slow melodic song see the
lyrics quite nice the only thing is that
they feel a little bit I guess V and
maybe a tiny bit generic that being said
III enjoy oh hello movie he has a very
different voice to the rest of them and
it's not something I've really been
noticed until they're all singing
together cleaning like this I'm hoping
that in like a chorus or something they
are not all singing together in unison I
feel like that it's a quite nice that
guy that was a little bit of it good I
think I was a smart decision
someone composition wise
I'll so some of these lyrics that are in
the course were actually in the verses
before it's kind of kind of a sweet
sentiment isn't it like that you but
like the you know really you is for
their eyes only it seems like a sort of
point about what it's like being in an
intimate relationship the way you kind
of know the vulnerable self of your love
your partner so far all of the the notes
have actually been quite pleasant hasn't
been a single note or a lyric that
hasn't really felt like it's been hit
wrongly
I feel like it would have been maybe a
little bit nicer if they introduced some
more instruments in that second chorus
maybe a nice like slow drumbeat or
something I heard some violin going
though there is a bit of violin but it
didn't really need to begin so so I
think no nice I thought it's gonna be a
nice instrumental outro well that's cool
because it goes back to lovers at the
start and that yeah that's softy melodic
like piano playing you're heard or a
single voice I was kind of sweet wasn't
it something I've kind of lacked in this
series particularly in regards to one
direction and learning about how they
create this song so you really don't
seem to be afraid of mixing it up you
know varying their style trying a bunch
of different things because I mean the
worst that's gonna happen is that it
just doesn't quite work that well and I
definitely think that song worked the
thing is that a lot of artists and this
isn't even just for music it's for
everything film TV authors even
youtubers they create something and that
something works really well for and then
they just keep doing that exact same
thing over and over and over again for
years and years it's not really
branching out or doing anything there
from my perspective it's quite admirable
to see a group that you know is labeled
as a boyband go hey we're not just gonna
do sort of overly poppy song that's
designed to get into your head and
listen to it on repeat we're gonna do
something artsy and we're gonna try and
mix up our sound and mix up the style of
our content overall that's really cool
and it really shouldn't be undervalued
for how sort of brave that is so well I
thought that song was composed well and
performed well not really my cup of tea
and I think that's tennis from the fact
that I haven't really too big a fan of
love songs or love ballads and I think
that's mostly because there's only a
limited number of ways for you to sort
of approach that subject
it's sad but generally
more depressing lyrics that are just
about horrible things happening to
people and exploring the various ways
that people react to certain terrible
circumstances but that just comes down
to personal preference anyway I hope you
enjoyed this video thank you very much
for watching please don't forget to give
this video a big old thumbs up let me
know in the comments what you want to
see me react to next
as always have an awesome time until I
see you next see ya
