hello there everyone my name is Mehta
mechanic and welcome back to my channel
I'm pretty excited because today this I
am reacting to has been requested by a
lot of you especially when I did that
recent video on Louie Tomlinson so for
those of you that are new here I'm a
grandpa so I don't really know anything
that goes on in the pop music industry
but that puts me in a great position
because I can look at artists and songs
from quite an unbiased perspective so
we're going to be reacting to miss you
by the Reed Tomlinson before we start if
you are new here make sure your head
down below and click that subscribe
button and enable notifications so that
you get a notification any time I upload
a new video we're going to be doing
things a little bit differently today
because a lot of people have mentioned
that they don't quite like the fact that
we sort of cut and edit around my
reaction they just want me to react to
the entire video or the entire song then
give my thoughts in total at the end so
we'll be trying that format today so let
me know your thoughts on that and
whether you wanted to continue no a lot
of people have wanted the I think it was
X Factor performance so let's check out
a live video now in the last video I did
about Louis I was actually a little bit
disappointed with the live performance I
watched it was a live performance of
back to you that wasn't all that great
so I'm really really keen to see what
everyone is saying isn't really good
performance especially it was something
haven't heard before let's do this that
is a lot of happy screaming fans I like
when people incorporate lights to make
it fun concert seems a lot more on John
Key than he did in the last one
I think I take the melody
yeah there you go
I'm loving the guitar & Drums put
together I like pop that in cords pink
that incorporates like classic
instrument tickets maybe I miss you I'm
sober
I must define self is it over maybe I
was lying when I told you everything is
great ever ever food is great
and all the fees god it's like semi
talk-singing right
yeah I like I like how clear his
pronunciation I like being able to
understand what's being said also if you
dig that hoodie it looks so comfy it's a
good evolution bringing in the backing
vocals to
although that might be the crowd to see
ya rap rap Louie oh wow how respectful
of these people on middle HD
I really appreciate when Singh is like
get incorporated incorporate the crowd
and get down amongst them that's really
cool
that is actually ridiculously bright
gosh can you imagine being there
those people should have turned down my
headphones a little so I think probably
what I'll do to started listening to
that is I'll go listen to the studio
version because I'm very curious to hear
the differences but overall I actually
enjoyed that and it was really nice to
see what I think is a good live
performance because the only time I've
watched a live video of his like I said
was that performance of back to you
which just wasn't really that good which
was a bit disappointing because I
actually liked the way solo stuff I've
mentioned this before but I really like
when songs sort of have an evolution
throughout the song in and of itself for
instance that song started out as just a
single voice progressed to bigger
choruses with more instruments and then
it became a chorus with those same
instruments but some backing vocals
included than just a random rap verse
which I think actually fit the song very
well and to be honest I mentioned at
some point there that it was almost
talked singing for a little bit but the
rap part of that made perfect sense to
me and I think that worked really well
actually think chucking him a little bit
of rap was a very good decision I also
did like the tune I don't really think
it's something that I would add to my
playlist to listen to but I'm pretty
sure after I listened to the studio
version and learn the words a bit I will
be jumping and dancing on tables when
when the song comes on that's today's
video I hope you enjoyed it let me know
your thoughts what do you think of a
song did you like it do you like Louise
other solo stuff as well I'm always keen
to hear your thoughts also let me know
if you prefer the videos to be played
out and all like I did today because
that's something that has been talked
about a lot on my channel please don't
forget to give this video a big old
thumbs up and I hope you have an amazing
time until I see you next see ya
