hello there my name is Matthew McKenna
and welcome back to my channel a couple
of weeks ago I did a video reacting to
BTS because I'd never listened to them
before it went really well and you
people seem to love it so as the sign
says that I've decided to do BTS -
electric Boogaloo before we start make
sure you head down below and click that
subscribe button and enable notification
so you get minification any time I
upload a new video
that way you won't miss if I react to
your favorite artists now further ado
let's jump straight into this so the
first song I'm going to be listening to
is called I need you man already
straight away so visually beautiful this
just looks like a short fit from what I
know of BTS the music videos are
essentially short films that's really
really cool this seems to be the first
music video I've watched of theirs where
they're actually separate usually all
together in a group and ready to go this
seems to be fun more emotional than the
other songs
I really like this surfer the tunas is
quite cool and interesting there's a lot
more low-key than the other stuff of
theirs that I had listened to and I love
what artists are able to mix up their
style do I appreciate hearing them do
something a bit more relaxed I guess
see what I'm already noticing with this
one is that the other ones I listen to
when they had that drop that was like a
dance routine and a big show worked out
this music video definitely seems to be
focusing more on this story which will
may not necessarily be as over-the-top
and visually engaging I think is
actually more interesting very keen to
see where it goes
I'm not quite following what the story
is which is kind of frustrating to me
that's all me not them of course because
I know they're supposed to be a story
here when I first saw the title I
assumed it was going to be about a girl
but it seems like the song was kind of
about the band is it like maybe about
the band and the fans I may be used to
they are talking about a girl sorry I
didn't I didn't see that translation I
need you go now kids no matter what
happens no matter how high tension gets
never what smacking some one of the
things I mean unless they're doing
something that's gonna harm you or
someone you love oh Jesus okay I just
happened why I was like always punching
it because surely he's not stabbing him
no stabbing him nope chucktesta duck so
I'm sure that guy did something bad but
I have no idea what I'm gonna need one
of you in the comments to tell me what
the deeper meaning of that video is
about cuz I'm kind of just a bit
confused I thought it was a nice enough
song and I thought it was very visually
engaging but I'm just I don't quite know
what happened move along to the next one
which is cold wrong that's pretty
similar imagery there at seeing he's got
that like lollipop like he didn't laugh
music video I don't know that's the same
constant but I think it is
actually like the sound of this one -
this is better wait okay so these are
all very similar seen from the law so
actually kind of feel like maybe I
watched these are the wrong I feel like
this one was meant to come first because
it looks like they're connected I don't
know I'm just reading too much into
something here oh that was really cool
it was wearing a varnish it was floating
in the water like in the Motta's very
famous uncle
I'm starting to doubt my idea that this
is the sequel I think everything was
just so very back imagery maybe that was
cool again it's really interesting to
see them do something that isn't
necessarily very heavily choreographed
at least I mean dance wise wasn't
probably you young and there's still
like two minutes left of this music
video service Carl oh it's like credit
that's really cool didn't really like
the actual song as much as I liked the
last one but I still think the story
element of the visual element is really
really cool and props to them for
killing us and now we're on to a new
song called semi-log young forever hey
it's the birds again those birds are so
fun bin and I think both of the other
music is at least the one wasn't to last
marking literally all of the songs I
chose in the last BTS video for such
upbeat crazy songs have been so
different accidentally chose all the
songs these lyrics are very clearly
about their careers and what their jobs
calling and I can imagine that if you
were performing in front of thousands
and thousands and thousands of people
you'd be a little part of it about what
they write that's another people they
can't hold the applause forever
essentially worrying that one day your
fame is gonna drop this sort of about
the band staying together and how they
perform together and staying the way
they are
this is sort of a sweet song I thought
that was nice I also like that it was
kind of Shoals we feel like a danger
with a lot of music videos and a lot of
song is repeating things and kind of
drag in the mouth too long can I don't
really feel like BTS do that because
they seem to know when to end things or
know when to switch them up whether
that's visually or actually the song
itself they're able to make them
engaging so that they're not sort of
repeating the same thing over too much
that becomes boring just a talent in
itself okay so the last one we're gonna
be listening to is I think it's called
no that's a creepy classroom okay so
have a pillow so clearly there's some
human tree going on about conformity and
lots of stuff
man that's really interesting so it's
like pretty complicated maths coming up
I wonder if this is always sort of
written from a place my life maybe
people criticize them for sort of being
a band making music making instead of
focusing and getting a real job people
in the creative industry very very used
to hearing that's such a cool line
because I feel like a lot of kids are
probably on depression mostly from
parents and family oh yes you know being
great or being exceptional is not enough
you have to be the best I don't quite
like the tune and the sound of it but I
do really do the underlying message and
everything that's going on with it but
don't really know the backstory of the
band but just based on this song I'm
assuming they were really discouraged
for me performing the band baby by the
parents teachers friends etc if anyone
could shed some light on that I'd
appreciate it so that's all we have time
for today make sure you let me know your
thoughts down in the comments below I'd
love to hear your take on the music
videos and the songs and BTS in general
and also information on the bed
you know I asked a few questions in that
video I'm not asking them rhetorically I
would love to hear what you have to say
because last video people were really
really passionate about the band and I
love seeing people show that passion and
rest assured I read literally every
single comment I get please don't forget
to give this video a big old thumbs up
thank you so much for watching and have
a great time until I see you next see ya
