I don't know there my name is matthew
mckenna and welcome back to my channel
I'm a grandpa when it comes to what's
popular with the young ones and I pretty
much live under a rock when it comes to
pop music as such I've been doing a
series where I start to listen to a
bunch of pop music maybe expand my
horizons so today we're here to listen
to some Shawn Mendes so how you say it
Mendes Mendes strong Mendes I'm gonna go
with Mendes I'm pretty interested to
start listening to some Shawn because
being on YouTube I've heard so much
about him you know he's also all over
Twitter social media and there are even
like a lot of YouTube accounts that have
names like Shawn Mendes fan or I love
Shawn 20:17 so I'm very much aware of
his existence Before we jump right into
it if you're new here make sure you pop
down and click that subscribe button and
also enable notifications so you get a
notification any time I upload a new
video so let's get into it first song is
called
there's nothing holding me back sorry
there's nothing holding me back so
uncool Wow their voices go really well
together I like that a lot overall the
song I'm not a hundred percent sold on
yet but they definitely sounded good
together
I've been sick you go crazy you think
you take me places that Sarah manipulate
my decisions that course isn't bad I was
not really sure what was what they were
gonna go into generally I can get a
pretty good feel of a song but this
house like I got no idea I like songs
that have really fast lyrics I think
that's one of the reasons I enjoy a rap
not that this is anything like rap but I
like I like quickly delivered lyric so a
chorus that has those lines coming at
just so fast I generally doesn't like
that she says that she's never afraid
just picture everybody naked see the
whole thing of oh if you're scared of
going on stage just picture them naked
that takes a concerning turn not that I
think it's his intention but it sounds a
bit worse when your fan base is like
thirteen-year-old girls I don't really
think they filled that line through
anyway moving on
I actually this is this might sound
really weird I can't decide whether I
like it or whether I hate it she's got
one of those voices that like could
really go either way I feel like it's
also a place that might grow on you as
you listen tomorrow but I guess I'll
probably be able to have a judgement by
the end of this video that made a pretty
good impression on me just because I
feel like the songwriting and and the
music there was pretty good even though
I'm not 100% sure if I enjoyed the sound
of it overall I just feel like it was a
well written song which sort of scores
points at the start let's move on to
aftertaste I feel like this is gonna be
a slow song right I bet I'm wrong that I
was very long about the turn of the song
it's funny looking at him his the voice
he sings that doesn't really match his
face it almost feels like it's just not
him singing does that just mean does
anyone else feel that way that it feels
like Sean's voice isn't the voice that
you'd expect from him I hope I don't get
shredded in the comments for this but
I'm gonna say his voice when he sings
and hits some of those higher notes it
actually kind of sounds a lot like
Justin Bieber that's not a bad thing of
course he's got a good voice but that
also makes sense because when I googled
he's Canadian and so is Justin so you
know I guess that makes sense
Similac same access
when Lucas Izola teks is what he said
reminds me of Eminem when he tries to
rhyme II like stretches out the
pronunciation of things
that actually sounded quite pleasant the
I still don't know what that cold
exactly but the way his voice cut went
up and then down like that and had this
little vibrato as it went down that
sounded quite nice for those who don't
know who Brad I was like when you sing a
note and you sort of go like kind of
wait for it a bit that's the best
representation right you kind of waver
it
and there she is I bet oh never mind
what she ate go so this next song is
called mercy oh yeah some adrenaline is
the sort of tone down or depressing song
that I said expected aftertaste to me he
keeps tricking me I keep getting
bamboozled I'm just gonna say one thing
that I don't particularly like and maybe
it's just I've picked three songs that
happen to be about it but so far all
three songs we've done have been about
like a girl presumably we have had
different sort of takes on at web as
though oh we've broken up there's
they're always so in love and then now
there's the I think another broken up
like a kind of go easy on me sort of
feel though I'm hoping that some of the
other songs I've chosen I've got about
three more I'm hoping that some of them
aren't just about sort of relationships
and girls like that because I'd like to
hear him sing about something more
varied
he sings he plays drums and he plays
guitar does he do most of the
instrumentals for his songs if so that's
pretty impressive
so far out of the three songs of listen
dude this is probably the one that I've
liked the most I'm not really the
biggest fan of it I'm impressed by the
general musical composition of his
solemn they were deeper and more
impressive than I sort of expected which
is always a good thing I like being
surprised and I like being impressed but
I don't quite think anything so far is a
song that I would add to my playlist and
listen to when I'm just doing things is
he like a cat does he have extra lives
wait but if he's a cat he has nine lives
I mean they prevent the sacrifice two of
them it's not really about not really
that big a sacrifice then is it unless
he's gonna go to cat lives left in which
case then then it is let's operate under
that assumption Shawn Mendes is a cat
and he has he has only two lives out of
his nine lives left and that's that's
why it's such a big sacrifice to
sacrifice himself twice
I do have a particular thing to say that
I'm actually I like about him a lot of
pop musicians tend to drag out their
songs by kind of repeating the chorus
over and over and over again that song
just then was probably the longest that
they've dragged down a repeated chorus
but he hasn't really seems to do that
that much which is really cool because
it doesn't make you kind of tired of it
or be like oh it's all gonna end soon so
I'm moving on to stitches before but no
one's ever left me quite this so this
seems like it's gonna be another song
about relationships I'm still happy to
listen to it I just I would like to hear
everything about something different
before this playlist is over you just
got punched in the face by nothing maybe
it's like I'm fighting with himself sort
of scenario
so far I don't really think I'm a fan of
this song actually kind of don't really
like it I think the pacing of it and the
general feel and sound I don't know it
just doesn't really do anything for me
that comes down as subjective I don't
think it's a badly written song or
anything like that I just I don't know
I'm really feeling it alright so now
we're watching something big that's a
pretty cool way of introducing a music
video is to have it as though it's a
song playing inside the world of the
music video that's pretty cool idea
plays a lot of you my weenie it's like
25 laps to bust at a prison something's
in the air I think this might be a song
not about a relationship like to be
tried to be swaggy but that some other
dude have to convert it for him this
music video is kind of fun circle I like
that they're just like collecting people
as they walk along reminds me of the
minority by Green Day weather unlike the
parade and they just slowly gather
people as they go pause I'm just gonna
point it out that's what was being
played on the guitar was not what he was
strumming just yeah definitely not I
love all of these costumes man some of
it is just so ridiculous and so fun
there was a kid there dressed like a
wolf I don't know why but you don't need
to know why out of all of them that was
probably my favorite song I like that we
finally got to hear him sing about
something different and you could just
tell he was enjoying performing that
alright we're on to the very last song
which is called treat you better
I can already hazard a guess as to what
this song is gonna be about and if I'm
right I don't think I'm gonna like it
and the reason is I actually don't like
songs at all that imply hey you should
leave your partner because I am better
for you because it's like oh I know what
you want you don't know what you want
you silly person be with me I know what
you want anyway I hope I'm wrong about
this song but listen
right I'm gonna call you and you could
tell me if I'm Bob but I see it on your
face when you say that he's the one that
you are it seems like in this video the
guy's is an abusive man when of course
you know the woman shouldn't be with the
guy if he's an abusive man that's
absolutely correct but I feel like the
problem I have with this is that people
who watch it especially if they're kind
of young and impressionable they don't
necessarily make that connection that
the reason they shouldn't be together is
because it's an abusive bad person when
you have concerns about someone being in
an abusive relationship like this or
their relationship is bad for any other
reason like toxic and terrible the
concern should be hey you should leave
them because that's that's bad for you
not hey leave them so you can be with me
it shouldn't really be about you you
know soon baby just don't wake up with
you when his voice is more relaxed he's
not trying to belt out notes or anything
like that that's actually what I like
his voice more he seems to sort of let
out his true tune a lot more during the
course it kind of feels like he's
straining kind of really force those
notes out which I mean is the particular
sound that you can go for when you're
singing but generally it sounds better
to a lot of people if you kind of if you
let go of that tension all right so
that's all we'll listen - up Shawn for
today overall like I said I think he's a
good singer I prefer his voice when he
does get a little bit more relaxed with
what he's singing but I definitely feel
like he's a talented singer and some of
the songwriting they're some of the
instrumentals like I said I quite like
those overall though I'm not really a
fan and I don't think I'd really add and
I think if that's a playlist that I'd be
listening to none of them really sort of
hit the sound or vibe that I tend to
enjoy and the music I listen to but hey
that's just me let me know your comments
have you ever listened to Shawn before
if not what is your reaction what did
you think let me know in the comments
down below also each time I post a new
video on Twitter what I do is I go
through the retweets and I shout out and
follow one person so now I'm gonna do
that for the last three times I tweeted
out a new video so massive thanks to at
Michaela 13 at always underscore yours
xox and last but not least Ashton O'Hara
13 thank you all so much for retweeting
and supporting my content it really
means the world and also thank you to
everyone who watches and supports on
YouTube and any other social media I
have I also followed all three of those
people if you want to get a shout out
and a fire make sure you follow me on
Twitter so that you know what I'm doing
there is a little giveaways also don't
forget to give this video a big old
thumbs up and subscribe if you want to
see more of me also enable notification
so you get a notification any time I
upload a new video thank you for
watching and until I see you next have
an awesome time bye bye
squeak-squeak like chefs are
