that's for one he's really a nice idea
it's like you have an intro like she was
gonna say hello and then the only
introduce yourself um no you're gonna
introduce me I'll let you do it step
your channel branding is still hanging
yeah that's how each other okay so it's
heavy
I'm Thursday I'm paying there's only me
I'm hanging I'm making hot you know
g'day g'day Holly 3 2 1
hello everyone welcome back to my
channel my name is max McKenna and today
I am here with hey I'm Miss Holly up
hello everyone I get it right yes you
did funny about that have you been here
more than an hour yeah Natalia hey hey
hey hey hi a playlist is playing well
that's just a little bit much isn't it
listen I'm just so excited gonna get you
to be like okay today we got to be
listening to one direction for that's
it's a full album no we're gonna listen
to two music videos anything about three
songs we just went there own pick what
we thought it sounded awesome so if
you're new here make sure you head down
below and click the subscribe button and
also enable notifications so you get a
notification anytime by uploading your
video and also make sure you head over
to Natalia's channel there will be a
link in the description and a carnival
of click that she's amazing go subscribe
and also enable notifications thank you
thank you
cool so let's just jump right into it I
yeah I'm actually really excited because
I haven't listened to one direction such
a long time and I want to listen to any
of this stuff so I'm pretty I was about
to say did you like do you like one
direction yeah I used to be a massive
One Direction fan girl and backing like
what makes you beautiful I'm like boy a
real Austin and now I don't know like
I've just kind of stopped listening to
them so I'm excited to see my source so
the first video that we're gonna be
starting with is called night changes if
you've watched my previous videos
there'll be a card up above if you
haven't you'll know that I've actually
listened to this song but Natalia hasn't
oh yeah I've seen like the video briefly
like you know we did we will get to a
shelf in his like TV and they're playing
new fears but I haven't actually sat
down and like
thoroughly enjoyed the beer so it's
certainly an interesting why do you say
that that's kind of pretty
I'll be real it's quite pretty I'm so
jealous of people who can have facial
hair you couldn't Rock it's a via dude I
can't like this I'm not even joking
this has been about five days I he was
my favorite at the beginning mmm but now
I don't think I like they people here
know I'm a hairy fell really out of all
of the One Direction
I'm like yeah how are you parents my boy
why is it music I think that he has a
nice voice his solo stuff is really good
actually I quite like I liked it go
check that they are too bad you know she
don't know anything yet what do you mean
I don't know anything yet I do not
notice this when I first watch this
what's up with that trench coat of the
color topic quit physically oh I know I
said something else
though it's good
I think this is the one video where they
don't really dance yeah because there's
a running joke the half that they are
such awkward dances no way really walk
like I started not in the loop oh look
at Niall in his hand is really big so
I've always wanted a really really
ridiculously cliche lame Christmas with
him yeah right do you have one no I
don't have one but what I was thinking
about this clip was that they play
monopoly like if I always going to
relationships on them and hopefully that
relationship would be over competitive
I've got not that's it I've got a go
it's Christmas is ruined Christmas is
canceled there's a fireplace that
conveniently so that when you get angry
enough just toss monopoly in the
fireplace right and I feel like I'd get
over this sweater quite quick as well so
I've done the sweater yeah but if
someone like nineveh themselves yes I
mentioned it before I love pigeons yeah
yeah buleria adores pigeons yes sorry
I'm sorry I'm sorry sorry
you just might you gotta tell me why
pigeons up
I have fun and smugly go
I mean I exams the one that's grown-up
like in the face there's no really baby
face still it's yeah it's literally just
they have facial hair that makes them
seem not oh boy with men I'm European
okay Dwayne the rock Johnson what is
happening here I think it's like an X
you don't be upset okay we have some
spaghetti thank you
that stressed me out so much Oh God if I
learned anything from the movie blades
of glory is do not do that stuff did you
see that the chick get the Swan around
what the hell
it's literally like that move from
blades of glory that's not real people
thought that someone actually died when
I showed the video of it yeah so don't
stress it's fine I still wouldn't spin
like that it's like the dress for
anybody else but but those blades on the
ground yeah yeah
Thank You representation of me you guys
giving all the dates are going badly
come on now don't ruin this for me no
you sure you did it oh maybe that's how
is that something sneaky insane did
nothing wrong like he literally was like
an innocent bystander the situation I
t's a I want inside so now we're moving
on to Stockholm Syndrome this isn't a
music video I just listening to the
audio I'm actually getting kind of like
excited to watch the last music video
yeah I'm like because I haven't seen
another music video in quite a while
so yeah alright so Stockholm Syndrome if
it's gonna be anything like the new song
I might be down this is more poppy yeah
I think I like it yeah I'm on the
opposite I'm not sure well really yeah
I'm such a pop fangirl how do you people
anything wrong from the right here I
will be listening to that honestly I'm
not against it we were hanging out here
and you're like can i play this I'd be
like - oh yeah I wouldn't be like please
talk I feel like it's this is kind of
like a song that you could play like
velocity like in the summertime joking
would you be noise down with your
friends like I love that kind of doing
doing these things
is that Louie I think I might be Louie
is it Louie or Lewis thank you
is Louise okay because we had that his
name's Louie I've been my head up and
calling Louis this whole time really
good old Louis
wait have you not said that out loud in
camera this I didn't know what I didn't
know and ride you are the people who
watch me is so nice and it's because
like Tina and I think that especially
lenient because I'm like a grandpa I
don't know anything
yeah I'll be like Louis Tomlinson and
they're like W feel sweet yeah it's
Louie yeah let's just move on to the
next one okay markers yeah I feel like
I'm into this
and yeah
I'm not sure how I feel see I like it I
love like guitar that does their like I
really like the way that they rotate who
is featuring ya reckon in throughout a
song so like they'll have everyone doing
back with backup vocals while ex person
sings the main bit yeah right and like
then I guess what that kind of lets them
do is when big chorus has come they can
just all jump on board yeah and that
just like exploits the sound
this song is go painting how old is one
direction they're like 24 something
earlier I'd say 20 18 it buddy's getting
now aged maybe why are they doing that
and I'm doing those come on I've loved
you since I was 18 about 25 that's like
seven years that's a while nice you know
I've been with my girlfriend before
years old doubled me charts the
Englishness is coming out yeah well
pretty UK ish this because that one was
Irish right yeah you said before like
why are they performing and doing all
this and we're sitting here on YouTube
and it's like I don't think Niall knows
either
is that if Sheeran cuz that yeah it
sounds like him that vocal client
sounded like it yeah I was just thinking
that it was written is written by
engineering it was hairy but that climb
all this what I guess with them break
them all having the similar accent maybe
made it because it was the song has been
built off by Ed Sheeran yeah performing
it with that accent are you proud of
this that we all like that sounds yeah
like that we were right yeah I'm not too
into the chorus like so like to be
honest really yeah no that's the best
bit of the song in my thing in oh my oh
I like it I like it I really like that
that was around the song overall I would
say I liked it like I didn't dislike it
of course but I really liked the
acoustic a low-key stuff oh cool so onto
the music video the loss the last one he
lost you minutes yeah and it's a music
video I haven't seen yeah I know
everything either no how do you know
that song I know this song haven't seen
it do it steal my girl breaking down
right oh I'm pretty sure it's a Breaking
Bad reference cool hmm where's the
director who's the director he's the
greatest artist of his generation
apartment maybe he's like so England I
love that either be a gentleman
why are we here we're here you're not
thinking the same
like that yeah
see this is the song that sounds like
it's um
sounds like it's a big sound but it's
really actually pretty simple
yeah that's something like what drums
maybe guitar and piano playing there um
and I feel like it takes a lot of
musical talent to make a song but yeah
that sounds like this so much going on
but is really when you break it down
there's no luck yeah like you did it
just pop a cheeky dye family show the
monkey offensive doesn't know what's up
alright alright I feel like I've been
converted that's like because like now
that I've listened to a couple of songs
I want to go back and listen you got to
go back to your one direction so I I'm
never gonna be like in the same way that
it was before but I feel like I'm gonna
give them more of a chance I don't know
about any of them to my playlist best
I still think like the talent behind
them honestly yeah I'm kind of upset
that's the moment I'm making music
together who knows if they will start
doing music together but I'm glad at
least they're making music I'm sure
gonna be a reunion at some point that
would break the world would be normal -
thank you for watching don't forget to
give this video a big old thumbs up and
remember subscribe continue here and
also don't forget to check out the
talia's channel we're gonna do a video
over there which is we are going to be
playing google feud so we're gonna see
how well we can assume what people on
the Internet are good and sometimes get
really weird so we're gonna go do that
thank you so much and until I see you
next time
have an awesome time that's weird a good
time doing life I'll see you later
Oh
