before we start if you are new here make
sure your head down below and click that
subscribe button and enable
notifications so you get a notification
any time I upload a new video what is up
everyone my name is Matthew McCullough
and welcome back to my channel today I'm
actually pretty excited because this is
the first time I've done a reaction to
an album that is just dropped today
we're gonna be listening to Flickr by
Niall I've done quite a few videos on
one direction and I actually ended up
quite liking Harry's music so I'm kind
of curious to see what no I was like
this is also gonna be the first time
that I'm doing a full album reaction I
usually just pick a few songs off the
album but I thought hey because it's a
one-off that I'm getting to do the album
as its release and listen to the whole
thing we're gonna have a grand old time
now as always I'm gonna be honest
whether I like it whether I dislike it
I'm gonna tell you and that's probably
gonna vary from song to song so don't
get angry at me if I don't like
something you like we're allowed to not
like the same thing so because it's a
really really new album there's not
really any music videos or anything like
that from they react to so we're just
gonna be doing the audio of the album
except for the title song flicker I know
there's a studio sessions video of that
part so this first song is called on the
loose
I'm digging the intro god she's like sad
like the problem with that voice was
that I actually misheard those lyrics
for a second I thought he started with I
know what she slices you know what she's
like just beat you that nut pick it up
I'm really keen to see how the chorus
goes with this but so far this isn't
really my jam I can understand why this
would be popular because it does sound
kind of Pleasant I know she's not really
the kind of melody I sort of like
normally I'm gonna give it more of a
chance though of course I mentioned this
when I did the video on Harry Styles I
always feel like if you go from
performing with a band performing by
yourself it must be absolutely
terrifying but just based on that first
song so far Niall is a good enough
singer that he is able to perform well
by himself I was a little bit worried
that he wouldn't be able to hold his own
when he was singing alone but that
worries been quelled even if I don't
really like the song so far I can tell
you that I think he is singing well so
that's something
I am a sucker for layered vocals like
that it seems like he's essentially
harmonizing with himself as a backing
singer I mean that I like that as a
technique in music so that's got some
points for me again I play drums so this
happens a lot but I know you could just
hear just then but that this sound that
was my foot tapping a lot is on to the
next song this town
waking up skews you're nobody's there
yes I quite like I really like that sort
of softened vocal sound and especially
when it's paired with a simple nice
acoustic guitar scores massive points in
my books I'm pretty into it so far it's
funny yeah there's a little bit of piano
laid in it that's nice that's very
subtle and very nice his notes well
doesn't he I think one of the reasons I
prefer songs like this is because not
only do you have to be a good singer to
pull off a song like this your lyrics
have to be pretty good too and I'm
always a sucker for some awesome lyrics
so I think that's why I prefer these
sorts of songs because artists are sort
of forced to write meaningful lyrics and
I want to show you everything words I
never got to see the first time
I'm literally gonna click this at the
playlist catch 50 that's my playlist I
really really like that song it's funny
because from those two songs
I actually am not really enjoying his
voice that much in this album so far but
that song his voice really really worked
for it and the lyrics were really well
written to listen to singers that I
didn't even like the sound of because I
think their songwriting and now lyricism
is amazing so I'll happily all those new
things even if I don't necessarily like
the sound of their voice it's not that
his voice was bad than everything just
maybe not exactly my cup of tea let's
move on to seeing blind again that's a
fun change and I like that this sort of
intro comes straight after that's sort
of sad melodic guitar I have seen seen
it all in pay dreams I also quite like
this one I like songs that introduce
elements of country that don't go like
full country I remember mentioning this
band in the Harry Styles video but it
kind of reminded me of bright eyes /
Conor Oberst who is the singer of
Friday's that has his own solo career he
really really really likes to introduce
country elements to his songs that
doesn't always go like full-on country
that's sounding really good together
they meld together very well
I very much like this song well I'm
actually adding two songs in a row to my
playlist that's very good I can already
tell you hey I really like when singers
that bring on featured guests on to
their songs give the guests a little
solo time to really showcase their
talent I think it's really awesome when
people do that and not just bring them
in as a backing voice I really liked
that song I really did I actually kind
of went into this album with sort of low
expectations
I hadn't heard nyle sing at all by
himself but I have to say so far with
these three songs I'm pretty impressed
so let's move on to slow hands I have a
slow man's consider language well that's
different I have an inkling that I'm not
gonna like this song I'll have to wait
until he sings and the chorus comes in
but I'm just sort of feeling that right
now yes so so far not liking this song
at all I'm not quite sure what it is I
can't my finger on it just yet but I
will try I'll try to tell you what it is
I like listening to singers sing
I understand there's an artistic element
to adding effects and all that sort of
stuff and they don't hold that against
anyone who does it but it's just not
really my thing I think I just don't
really like songs and have this arrow
yeah let's do this baby
maybe I just feel like that's been
overdone and I'm unfortunately the kind
of person there the song sort of gets a
little bit ruined when I realize that
that's what it's about which might be
why I don't listen to that much pop
music and the pop music that I do listen
to has sort of stepped it up in the
lyrics department does that make me
sound really pompous
that bad line who kind of made me shut
up like sweat dripping down a dirty
laundry is that is that what he said
surely not right thanks fetch up and
down that dirty laundry Oh God all right
fair enough with that lyric we're going
to move on to the next song too much to
ask
it's got an e parent leads explicit
it's a nice leading piano all right I'm
intrigued waiting here for someone
that's a different kid the last for
Solomon's he hasn't really hit this sort
of sound so not only am i digging that
piano but I like the pitch of his voice
more in the song do you feel this road
this is really nice I like it I don't
know if it's something that I'd add to
my playlist but it's very nice like a
really nice song I know that nice just
seems like such a cop-out compliment but
I hope you understand what I mean so far
it's well written it flows it sounds
Pleasant and it's just I love this
course I said it wasn't my playlist but
it is now I didn't expect that chorus
and that's a really nice course and
really I think catchy chorus this is
really weird for me because normally I
like the more toned-down
sort of stuff especially like turning
down vocals but they're turning down
vocals at the start I didn't like as
much as a sort of more emphasized than
stronger vocals through the chorus and
through the second verse this so far
might actually be my favorite song that
would listen to the whole flow of her
from start to finish was just really
really well done and I appreciate that
sort of stuff so we're now past the
halfway point of the album and we're
moving on to paper houses do it
I like this I'm not even being silly
when I say this but that like 10 second
intro if the whole song was just that
looped I'd be happy this house of bro
yeah hi
you see I can see why someone would
really like this but I just don't it's
so hard with nyle cuz I don't know what
it is that's throwing me off but there's
just something about how his voice
sounds in this particular song I'm not
really a fan or I'm gonna hook the
chorus redeems it for me I'm gonna move
that because I think that's gonna burn
my damn hands down I can't even pick it
off that's bad
alright what so if I can get through the
rest of this video without causing if I
don't want this place to burn down like
a paper house
it's really weird because I can
acknowledge his voice sounds good I can
acknowledge that I actually like the
instruments by themselves but for some
reason when it's all put together in
this song I just don't enjoy it that we
didn't like all the individual parts of
the soul I quite like just not when
they're all put together let's just move
on to since we're alone I don't know if
it's a weird thing to say but I think
Niles voice sounds a lot better when
there's a drumbeat behind it I don't
know I've noticed that that might be a
trend with my taste is that I like his
voice a lot more when he's got drums by
I actually quite liked the intro but as
the songs kind of gone on I've not
really enjoyed it as much it's all right
just not the best thing in the world
yeah overall I'm not really sure I was
sold on that song I probably need to
listen to it a couple more times to see
how I feel about it but first
impressions didn't really enjoy that
that much I'm actually gonna leave flick
until laughs because I want to watch
that video lost to go to more songs fire
away and then you and me and then we
will watch the Flicka video too
fire away fire away now you keep saying
that - all right back to country Donnie
you don't have to water you don't have
we say I like that there's so many
different sounds coming out of the one
album a lot of people seem to like when
albums have a consistent sound
throughout a little bit I prefer when
people mix it up and play with that
sound especially when you're a
relatively new solo artist like Niall is
play around find your sound and see what
people like see what you like that
chorus is killer cell just flat chorus
I'm gonna add it to my playlist so
incredibly chill I love it it's a very
nice song with a very positive message
to I think and what I can gather it
feels like a go ahead you can talk to me
about anything
fire away and I like that very good song
very very good so listen to the second
last song we're gonna listen to you and
me I got a young and it's while three
this voice sounds different yeah I don't
know what it is it feels like they've
upped the base on his voice to make it
sound like that we had sort of vibrating
sort of voice but I'll get back to you
and me
this is totally a soundtrack song Matt
so that song sort of stayed the same and
sound and everything like that would
have repeated the chorus so we're just
gonna move on from there now I didn't
enjoy it though maybe not quite as much
as a couple of other songs in this album
but it's probably up there in the tops
all right let's find Flicka I'm actually
kind of excited
when you feel your love's been taken
it's a really nice soft acoustic sound I
like this so far in the dark my god he's
so close to that microphone it's a pet
peeve of mine when like singers and
comedians and whatever have them
microphone like on their lips I know why
it bothers me but it does well I really
like this song and I like the sound of
it I don't actually think this is
something I thought to my playlist I
think of this stuff the really
interesting thing about this is there's
only two like instruments violin in the
piano and the music still sounds very
full very engaging and his voice works
very well with just those two
instruments and that's no small
achievement that's off well that was
certainly a weird varied musical journey
overall I thought the album was pretty
good there are a few songs that you saw
that I added to my playlist I don't
think I'd consider myself a fan of Niall
but I can appreciate the talent that he
has and there's a couple of songs I
added will probably be in my head for a
while but about you had you've listened
to any of the songs on that album before
what were your thoughts did you like em
did you hate oh did you wish there was
something different really really keen
to hear all your thoughts please don't
forget to give this video a big old
thumbs up and subscribe if you're new
here I got a lot of cool videos coming
up for this channel I'm really excited
to experience some new artists with you
speaking of which if you have any
artists that you would really like me to
listen to post it down in the comments
below because I do take requests but
obviously I won't do a reaction video to
them I've already listened to them thank
you for watching and until I see you
next have an awesome time bye bye
