hello everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be doing a reaction
video to Harry Styles and some of his
solo songs I'm actually pretty excited
pretty interested because I've done two
videos on one direction I knew people
have seemed to love them so I'm really
interested to see why one of the members
sounds like by themselves because I have
mentioned in my other video is feel free
to check them out of course at I feel
like even though one Direction's not
exactly where a cup of tea they are all
incredibly talented and they can all
hold their own as singers before we get
fully into the video though I've been
doing these little like shout out things
on Twitter where I choose one person who
retweets my last video to get a shout
out so we're going to do three shout
outs for three awesome people so for the
support you give me and for being an
awesome person thank you to Brooke
underscore Grealish Cheyenne on this
board Patman and heavydirtysoul at table
ends at and if this is your first time
here make sure your head down below and
click Subscribe and also enable
notifications so you get notified any
time I upload a new video that way you
never miss anything alright so the first
song we're gonna start off with is
called
two ghosts this one came out recently
and it's actually a live in studio
recording you know me I'm always a fan
of those
but voice and guitar parts out I didn't
expect that from Harry either like his
voice actually sounds very different in
a good way I think actually I prefer
this I like the sort of really slowed
down chilled vibe I think one problem
with pop music is that as maybe too much
going on which means it's really hard to
focus on the talent of the singer
because there's just so much to be
distracted by but in these sorts of
things where it's a bit more
stripped-down we've just got like a
couple of guitars and a bass guitars and
backups and you know pretty basic stuff
for a band
it really lets his voice sort of shine
through so you get to actually really
see the talent that he has you know
which is to burst and the places
I'm really really liking this
interestingly one of my favorite artists
is bright eyes / Conor Oberst if you
haven't listened to them you really
should have been just amazing I love
them so much but they often have this
sort of like slightly country vibe
sometimes they'd open to like a full
country but they have that sort of
country twang and they layer it in with
with clean singing but not like big
singing and that's the kind of singing I
like which kind of ties into the point I
made just before this is definitely
going on my playlist I really like that
song well done Eric that was a good
start I'm gonna be a little bit sad if
the next one I don't like as much let's
choose something called Kiwi Kiwi oh man
another live performance alright let's
do that the sound is very reminds me of
an artist from like maybe back in the
90s 80s but I caught my finger on it
he's certainly one hell of a performer
isn't he whether or not you actually
like their music I feel like whoever it
is you need to acknowledge when someone
is just an awesome performer and they
have such a good stage presence because
that in and of itself is a completely
separate skill it's that bad we actually
have some cactus out on our balcony you
know we are we doing something wrong in
life cue the awkward dancing
so with that I will say I didn't really
like that song and that's okay there's
no problem with that but I think that
even though I don't really like the song
that much they I was in a Harry Styles
concert and that started playing I don't
think I could help but just like jump
along better be fun but really
definitely not something I would listen
to myself
I don't think but I think that's maybe
just because I've veered away from that
more heavy sound recently in my life not
for any particular reason it's just that
I
I find myself enjoying softer music
these days because I'm a grandpa so this
one's just the audio called sweet
creature oh my god that's a sample from
another song oh I can't think of the
song right now oh my god that's gonna
drive me crazy now it's gonna be so
crazy had another talk about where it's
going on I prefer this to the last song
Kiwi but I think that plays into the
fact that I prefer the softer music but
I definitely preferred it was a to
ghosts I preferred that one more I don't
really like the sound of this one so far
but that could potentially change once
we hit the chorus
Kreacher I feel awkward staring at this
image I think I definitely prefer when
he goes deeper that sounds so wrong
owner mmm
rephrase that I think I definitely
prefer when he hits those deeper notes I
guess that's why I liked to go so much
it was definitely a lower pitch all
right on to the very last so the song
that I know that people have watched
this video being like when is he gonna
react to this song I need to hear this
song so yeah we're gonna react to a sign
of the times
full disclosure because I like to keep
things very authentic I'm pretty sure
I've heard at least a couple of lines of
the chorus so I have heard that line but
nothing else really yes this is an
example but a song where he doesn't go
for a deeper pitch but I still like his
voice I'm really not sure what it is
that that throws me about his voice
sometimes I know I like this top
floating man he's hidden that falsetto I
don't usually like falsetto man I'm
making it sound like I hate when people
are super large or something but I I do
like various ranges I mean if you ever
listen to Sophie on Stevens that's
really really high pitch and I like that
but I'm not usually a fan of that high
full Center who sound but it actually
sounds quite nice here and I don't know
it's just that combined with the actual
instruments that's kind of making it
sound good but I don't know
I really like that with the backing
instruments there when it came out with
that large full sound basis he's
definitely doing well to hold his own as
a singer I feel like what would be a
massive fear for him is like going from
having four other people seeing with you
or you know three other people singing
with you in recent times to just relying
on your own voice to carry a song would
not be terrifying
I'm gonna be honest and I'm going to
point out a little bit of something that
I don't like this music video to me is
actually is actually kind of boring I
like the song I'm really really diggin
the song which is I guess what matters
but yeah I don't know there's something
about the music video that's just it's
like doesn't feel like there's any real
proper flow to it and there's not really
all that much going on not the biggest
deal in the world obviously and we are
here to critique the music but I did
want to point out my thoughts on that
right there can you imagine if you had
the power to do this fly around look at
the wall check out some waterfall this
feels like it was filmed in like
Scotland or something though oh my god
it was filmed in Scotland I am amazing
Wow I'm genuinely impressed with myself
right there I promise I swear I did not
know that and I did not look that up I
just went based on the scenery oh my god
I'm a legend
if you were flying across Scotland would
you just casually have your hands in
your pockets I feel like it would be a
weird mix of excitement like whoo and
also
and away he goes he's out of there so I
hope you enjoyed my reaction to Harry
Styles solo stuff the first and last
songs I quite enjoyed those the two in
between you know they were okay not
really my sort of thing I feel like I
will go and listen to the other songs on
the album unfortunately doesn't really
work to listen to literally the whole
album on a youtube video so I will go
away and listen to the rest of those
songs the two that I liked have dragged
him in enough that I'm interested to
actually listen to the rest of it let me
know your thoughts as well did you like
those songs
if you've already listened to them what
did you think when you first did if you
haven't what do you think now don't
forget to give this video a big old
thumbs up and subscribe if you haven't
already and let me know in the comments
who you'd like me to react to next
thanks for watching and I hope you have
a great time until I see you next see ya
hey all of the shades of industro quick
I bought this at oz Comicon it's
squirtle
but like cuz he's number seven Pokemon
he's double-oh-seven
it's got a gun in the boat I thought it
was cute
