before I start if you're new here make
sure your head down and click that
subscribe button and click that little
bell so you get notifications anytime I
upload a new video hello everyone my
name is Matthew McKenna and welcome back
to my channel I live in a pop music
bubble so I've been doing a series where
I react to artists that I've never
really listened to before so I've
noticed they didn't a lot of reaction
videos when it comes to pop music people
sort of just really rip it at the
artists say how terrible they are
although music sucks that's not what I'm
here to do I'm just here to give my
honest and fair feedback criticisms and
just general impressions on the band and
their music videos this week we're doing
Justin Bieber so obviously I've heard
one or two Justin Bieber songs I mean
pretty much everyone in the world has
could maybe name one other than baby of
course which is I think called love
yourself a home listen love thyself baby
you should go and love yourself so I'm
gonna avoid those two songs we're gonna
listen to some other stuff so let's jump
right into it as always the easiest way
to do this is just for me to type in
Justin Bieber so the first one I'm gonna
listen to is called as long as you love
me featuring big Sean and know who Sean
is but I'm glad he's big not small
I wouldn't tolerate him if he was small
that sounds dirty
no no no listen kid lens flares off the
chain
it's funny because like lens flares are
really really cliche but I can't help
but love them is that big sean by the
way I'm guessing that's Big Sean no
that's not big sure but Sean is someone
completely different I'm such an old man
that means this sofa is incredibly
dramatic I feel like I'm watching the
trailer for some suspense drama movie
that was not the music I was expecting
to come out of that I don't know what I
was expecting but it wasn't that took me
off-guard
I feel like it's maybe been too long
since the whole person singing and
dancing as the music video was really a
thing I can see this music video was
uploaded like five years ago but I cut
it to get I feel like so many music
videos kind of put on this whole facade
and alike oh look how artistic we are
sometimes I just want to sit here and
watch someone sing and dance you know
see that has a little bit of auto-tune
in it normally you know I don't really
like order tune that much but I feel
like there is an acceptable way to use
it and when it's used that way it can be
very interesting in that chorus there I
think I kind of liked it I'm on the
fence about it I don't know whether that
use of water to know like overall the
chorus to me was a bit a bit mad because
it felt like it was meant to be a lot
more epic than what it felt but you know
maybe that's just me
anyone else feel like Justin Bieber's
trying to be like a bit like Michael
Jackson though he's dancing in like a
car park and he's got one glove on
was it one blue I feel like it was just
one glove no he's got two okay I was
wrong I'll admit that that reminded me
of Gangnam style the whole dance there
someone needs to dub Gangnam style over
those dance moves that needs to be done
what bun gotten I'm stars that's Big
Sean found him he's in the music video
imagine if the dad from this music video
just came out busting those raps I would
be so goddamn down for that
I'm not a fan of this rapper at all and
anyone who knows me knows and I am a
huge rap and hip-hop fan but ya know I'm
not I'm not I'm not into that at all
fight fight fight fight fight
Jefferson just got punched in the face
man that older man punching the teenager
or whatever he is in the face that's not
very good look all right let's pick a
let's pick a difference so this one is
called what do you mean wait geez this
has like 1.8 almost billion views good
lord
right that's a huge water cache do the
thing of that like American currency you
could make a water bills look so huge by
just stacking it with once you couldn't
do that in like practically any other
country in Australia all our bills a
color-coded so if you just stacked it
with like five dollar bills people would
be like well I mean that's only like 500
bucks I'm calling it now if that clock
turns into the beat of the song I will
be one happy camper yes see I play the
drums so I really like beats I'm not
even kidding you when I say that my foot
just started tapping along to the doom
by Calvin Klein product placement I have
to say from the activity that I see on
social media as well as like you know
this music video and the sort of
reputation he has I feel like Justin is
usually pretty eager to take his shirt
off and that's fine but it's just a
comment if it's gonna be a jump and
they're gonna fall while the beat drops
yes do it that's not a drop that's a
little disappointing
I'm so confused
did he pay those guys to kidnap him and
his girlfriend so that he could make her
think her life was in danger and then
take her to a party but his house just
happened what I don't I don't combine
this kechi is Hillsong confusing itself
video the name of this song beauty and a
beat now I really I really don't like
Nicki Minaj but I will click on it just
because of that tile
I love when music videos put like old
footage of the artist into it we saw it
in the One Direction video I did with a
music video history where they had a
bunch of old footage of the band as they
were kind of growing up now this music
video has done something similar which I
like the feel of but it feels like a
couple of those clips work was set up
and recorded specifically for this music
video I'll be very impressed if they
keep this going in a one shot for quite
some time
there could have been a sneaky cut in
there maybe but I'm gonna say that it's
still one shot for now there yeah
there's a cool transition though I love
when films and TV shows and even you
know music videos do one shots for those
who don't know it's like a continuous
take where the camera doesn't cut if
you've seen the movie Birdman that was
filmed so the entire thing look like it
was shot in one take
it wasn't obviously they put in sneaky
cuts between pans and stuff
but it's just such an amazing effect to
me
I could see the Justin in the recent
years at least seems to have taken a
path down kind of introducing a lot more
electronic elements to his music and I
personally think that so that's a good
thing I think it really really works for
his sound his voice just just seems to
work with it so I think this video is
like really really well shot and the
chorus is catchy
maybe not quite as catchy as the last
song though damn see how I was expecting
and hoping for like some massive huge
finish but it just ended with people
screaming I mean fair enough this is
from a year ago called company Wow his
pets are solo pull up up boy I do turn
into a grandpa don't I put on their
pants Sonny but again Calvin Klein
product placement right there it's
really cool the evolution that Justin's
music has taken like I mean how
different is this to baby the song that
really I think put him on the map I
don't know he's just really kind of
grown into his own as an artist and a
musician I think he's taken a more
active role in the creation of his music
and everything a lot of pop stars when
they're young kind of have everything
written for them and dictated for them
and all they got to do is sing whereas I
feel like a few years ago Justin really
started to want to create his own stuff
and take over a lot of those creative
decisions
the quick cuts to all the different
performances and everything that's going
on in his life I really really like that
I don't know if it's just me but I'm a
sucker for behind-the-scenes content
footage and footage of concerts that
just feels so chill to me some of the
shots in this are really really cool I'm
diggin the camerawork I think I quite
like this song so that's all for Justin
Bieber music I'm going to listen to
today final thoughts he feels quite hit
and miss for me some of his stuff I'm
just like nah I really enjoyed that at
all others kind of get me to have a
little bit of a groove I think I love
all the ones we listened to today the
one I enjoyed the most was definitely
the last one company I feel like that's
something I play while I'm chilling
around the house she's got that very
like relaxed vibe to it so thank you so
much for watching make sure you go check
out the other videos I've done reacting
to other artists and let me know down in
the comments if there's any artists that
you'd like to see me react to don't
forget to give this video a big old
thumbs up if you liked it and subscribe
if you'd like to see more of me I upload
once a week every Tuesday and I hope you
have an awesome time until I see you
next
bye bye
