hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
so it's finally happening I have had
this comment so many times since I first
uploaded a reaction video like a year
ago it's been there on my list this
whole time but I've kept on reacting to
other things whether they're artists or
albums or songs and now today it is
finally happening I'm reacting to right
now live from San Siro it's happening
let's do this before we start there if
you're new here make sure you click
Subscribe and turn on notifications so
you get notified any time I upload a new
video you know what'll be embarrassing
is if this is the wrong video but I'm
pretty sure it's right that's a lot of
screaming oh my god okay first off this
seems to be just a ridiculously huge
concert
Louie's voice is just lovely
this almost seems like there's saying
all this to the crowd
Wow they've got like 1d going on good
lord the coordination
man I loved that look that they just
gave it was just like they're just
admiring the love oh my god they've got
the Irish flag colors and the British
flag colors
how did they organize all that I'm
assuming the One Direction fandoms like
kind of worked together to do this right
it's gonna be a big project see why you
guys wanted me to watch this now
lilium hit them notes and look his
they're pointing out to the signs now
they seem so taken aback
looks like Harry's about to cry
Nyles just loving it
I mean I'm really diggin this song like
aside from the ridiculously cute stuff
that the fandom has done here and
they're hitting the high notes nice and
cleanly despite being quite emotional I
think that's really cute
oh well that just cut off I'm assuming
they were just gonna thank the crowd man
I kind of wish there was like more for
me to see there I'm sure there I'm sure
there's more videos around I'm gonna go
check that out cuz that was ridiculously
cute I've got to say if I'm totally
honest I was like wondering why everyone
wanted me to watch this video so badly
because I was just like I mean it's
gonna be just the live performance right
what's gonna be particularly special
about it I mean obviously I'm happy to
react to live performances but it was
just kind of struck me as we and I'm
like why they so intent on this one live
performance but now that I've watched it
I totally understand what's amazing to
me is just to see how much people can
bond and come together over like one
thing whether it's like a singer or a
band or like a game or a movie or TV
series it always just like fills me with
joy to see people really group together
and band together to do just amazing
things I'm a relatively cynical person
but seeing stuff like that is just like
wow like humans can do so much that was
just really beautiful to me and I think
what's even more lovely about that is
that I genuinely don't think that that
crowd was doing all that being like you
know what we're gonna like do this and
then there's gonna be new stories and
videos and people are gonna love us no
they just did it because they wanted to
thank the band you know I feel like a
lot of artists don't kind of realize how
close to home this their music and their
lyrics can hit for some people and when
one of us as a listener he is something
that just really reflects our in
thoughts or means so much to us there's
always this level of like gratitude you
know you want to thank the people that
created that and to watch a video that
is like one of those rare occurrences
that's caught on camera that was just
really cute I'm so I'm honestly so glad
I've watched that and like not gonna lie
I'm in a really good mood no I'm like
all smiley and sappy cuz I just think
something like that's just just just
beautiful and what's kind of sad to me
is that I think a lot of people would
kind of trash that be like oh wow
fangirl scarred that just that just
bothers me because honest to god that's
just beautiful one of the most beautiful
things I've seen anyway I guess we
should move on before this gets too
zappy thank you so much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed watching this
video I know it's a short one the video
was quite short but then I rambled on
for quite some time so I apologize that
like my rambling was nearly as long as
the the live performance with everything
that I just said I would love to hear
your thoughts do you agree with me do
you think that's beautiful a lot of you
are involved in the One Direction fandom
were any of you there because if so tell
me about it I want to hear that
experience so thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video if
you did please don't forget to click
that like button and as always have an
awesome time until I see you next see ya
