if you are new here make sure you go
down and took that subscribe button and
click that little bells will let you
know when I upload a new video you get a
notification straight info which is
awesome hello there my name is Mattie
McKenna and I'm glad that you've joined
us today I really enjoyed the video that
I did where I reacted to one direction
because I'd never heard that before so I
thought hey let's do another one of
those if you haven't seen that video
click the card that's gonna be above you
can go watch that
long story short though I live under a
rock when it comes to pop music I don't
really listen to that much of it and as
such I haven't really heard a lot of the
famous pop artists that are currently
out there so today I'm going to be
reacting to twenty one pilots
I have not listened to any twenty one
pilots except for one single song and we
all know what one that is Givens
obviously so I'm not going to include
that song in this but without further
ado I'm gonna pick up the laptop it was
quite a stretch to get to it literally
just gonna type in twenty one pilots
well the very first video that I see is
called
stressed out official video over 1
billion views that's amount of views
this look is this the shining is that
this is like the shining little suburban
streets I wish I found some better
sounds no one's ever heard I wish I had
to bed - voices sang some better words
first things first I love rap I listen
to all sorts of rap that didn't really
expect to hear that straight off the
back but you know I'll roll with it I
know that there's gonna be some rap come
along I wish I didn't have to rhyme
every time I sang I was told when I get
older all my fears would shrink I love
when musicians write what they feel and
don't necessarily care about rhyming
structure so that line about how things
that have to rhyme that that's really
cool in my books that's a good way to
win me over no joke I literally did
almost exactly that handshake for a
little short film project that I was -
when I was in university I don't okay
not maybe exactly the same but it was
very very similar and that whole little
complicated handshake thing which might
come back time
did the good no oh that's this song I
had absolutely no idea that was twenty
one pilots oh my god we have the same
nose same clothes homegrown a stone's
throw from the creek we he's a very
talented rapper actually the way that
his lyrics flow just is amazing like I
said I honestly didn't expect that yeah
that was a pretty bad sign my sister is
I guess you heard it too and put it out
on iTunes and suck we hated listen to
one song here so far but the funny thing
is I've been sitting here trying to
think of what genre to call these guys
cuz they're not quite wrong they don't
really pop they're not really like
hip-hop I don't know that is a song
that's gonna be in my damn head for so
long just tunes like that I own up
singing them all the time and it's funny
because the only other song I've heard
by these guys heathens doesn't get into
my head at all I'm gonna set up another
toy line pilot song heavydirtysoul well
this one's got only 45 million views
only 45 minutes but compared to 1
billion 66 million that's that's
ridiculous dude
but that was not the drum beat I
expected at all
some of you may know this I actually
play the drums and that was just that
that that took me off guard I was
expecting either like a heavy intro or a
real slow style thing not that quick
paced jerky car chase scene music this
feels like it's out of force or
something
was this enforcer I'm gonna google it I
bet this must have been in something oh
I was so close
who is used in WWE and Madden so it was
in PlayStation and Xbox games he said
this is not round this is Bobby hip-hop
he's right it's like a rock rap sort of
thing I tell you one thing I am going to
learn this song I'm going to wrap that
so I love quick paced lyrical work and I
love wrapping that sort of stuff I
listen to rap to Eminem all the time
that's my personal challenge
about that transition again they keep
really surprising me with what kind of
music they're transitioning to because
that's just not what I expected after
that weird
rap intro it's just interesting how they
can swap from really really different
styles that usually don't work too well
together but just make it work
like look at that that's another awesome
transition that's exactly what I'm
talking about
they went from like heavy dirty chords
to something more weirdly quiet with a
piano in the background and to the
drummer playing like a marching team and
that's what if we had an electronic wow
I spent like a middle-aged man trying to
describe dubstep
he can hit them hi I'm gonna move on to
another video let's go I chose that one
because it only had like 45 million
views now let's do the opposite I'm
gonna choose this one right because it
has half a billion these are like more
views than the one that actually music
videos I reacted to right now I've only
listened to like three of their songs
total but I wouldn't be surprised if
this insured from like if that
transitioned into like some full-on
reggae song go on twenty one pilots hit
you with some reggae
he's pushing before me like
there we go there's the rap that I was
expecting they actually have turned it
into like a reggae song so I wasn't very
far off
okay that's also being added to my list
of will learn that rap that just mellow
down like crazy I genuinely thought that
was like a guest singer I thought they
got some chicken to like do some
ridiculously high notes but no that's
the same guy all right I'm gonna move on
to another song and this is one that my
lovely headed of Billy has chosen for me
to listen to he really likes
twenty one pilots if he wants he's gonna
put his Twitter handle on the screen
right now aren't you one of the ones
he's asked me to listen to is car radio
now this isn't an insult this is just an
observation this guy right here looks
like the generic lead male actor in a
bromance me that's not a problem it's
just a look I ponder of something great
my lungs will fill and then deflate they
fill with fire exhale desire
I know it's dire my time today I can
already see this is a very different
sort of era Billy said this was that
bilious stuff and I can understand that
to be honest it kind of feels like they
haven't really understood their own
sound yet I hate this car that I'm
driving there's no hiding for me I'm
forced to deal with what I feel of what
I've listened to honestly this is my
least favorite and I think the reason
for that is the the lyrics to this just
reminds me of all of the really really
emo songs I used to listen to when I was
in my teenage days I'm not saying that
that's terrible it's just not what I
like if somebody stole my car radio and
now I just sit in silence
it's pretty cool doing something so
low-key and chill because that's very
very different to a lot of the stuff
that you see being released these days
that is this popular you know like a lot
of artists have these huge bands behind
them all these new massive electronic
tracks going I'll give it to them they
definitely try to like focus on the
music and the message that they're
trying to get across
that's one of the weirder things I've
seen in a music video
now they've transformed again into a
heavier sort of screaming band so that
song was definitely not my cup of tea
now I'm gonna try listening to one of
their covers my girlfriend valaria is
Walter say she's a big fan of My
Chemical Romance would be a huge
understatement so she suggested that I
listened to their cover of cancer now I
really liked the original so I might
jump this quite harshly I mean just
didn't those first two words he actually
really sounded like the wrong way cause
the hardest ooh I actually really dig
this I was really worried they'd try to
turn it into something it's not one
thing that I really really don't like
when it comes to music and covers in
particular especially when they're
written from such a personal point of
view I don't like when people take that
song and especially like turn it into
some I'll be crazy anthem or even worse
a dance track because that to me just
feels like it's sort of a slap in the
face to the source material I could name
so many instances of that but we won't
get into that here I mean that's a
really interesting cover because they've
just sort of redone it in their own
style but also while trying to keep
through the style of the song which is
really cool it actually kind of feels
like it's just expanding the song not so
much like a remake personally I still
prefer the original version of cancer
but I didn't take that and apparently
it's growing through the comments there
a lot of people did not like that at all
so all up it seems that 21 pilots is a
very sort of interesting band is what I
call it but never have I listened to
like five songs consecutively by the
same band and have thought if you just
told me this was five different bands I
believe you
so I think it's kind of cool to see an
artist be able to happily vary the kind
of music they put out and do so well I
definitely definitely think they did
some styles of music better than others
guys are phenomenal rapper they do write
very catchy choruses very good singing
around relatively impressed I don't know
about actively putting that on my phone
but I will probably learn the rap bits
for a couple of those songs especially
for heavy
that was awesome I really enjoyed that
so thank you all for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video please give this video
a big old thumbs up and hit subscribe if
you're new here put out videos every
Tuesday let me know what bands you'd
like me to listen and react to because I
would very much like to expand my pop
bubble so that I'm not stuck under this
tiny little rock and I hope you have an
awesome time until I see you next
the bye now
