I don't really like boxes on my face
especially feel insane vagina yes you
got it okay how long is that my name is
Matthew McKenna also known as many human
today I am here with I sounded like an
enormous wrong thing like this video
isn't happening anymore
today we're going to be doing whatever
this is since we're taking pop songs and
then we're gonna substitute the lyrics
with Fifty Shades of Grey sentences yes
some really dirty ones that we found
here on the interweb I hate so let's
just begin move on son you're gonna go
first
hey okay should we put a disclaimer this
isn't it yeah leymah um this video might
be inappropriate in some bit so just day
one you know this is NSFW and people
under 18 so peace I wonder here you do
single movies okay so Alan is gonna sing
single ladies using this one but she
still likes the idea of silver balls oh
my god the court has like a name to it
so these name is but she likes the idea
of silver bowls in naughty places he
holds out his hand and in his palm are
two shiny silver balls linked with a
siik black thread inside me I got and
all the muscles deep in my belly clench
my inner goddess is doing the dance of
Seven Veils or my or my it's a curious
feeling once they're inside me I can't
really feel them but then again I know
they're there oh my I may have to keep
these they make me needy
me for sex
I think it'll be super bowl's although
I'm not gonna lie what are these silver
balls talking about actually when a man
and a woman love each other very much
they have silver balls okay so next
quite a few like that oh it wasn't
really good like it wasn't really dudes
gonna get more steamy okay okay okay you
have to do that one you're doing that
when you doing that whenever okay so I
challenge you to do it what called
things get kinky between the dominant
and the submissive with the song uptown
funk dun dun Oh certainly he grabs me
took me across his lap with one smooth
movement he and glossy body so my torso
is resting on the bed beside him he
throws his right leg over both mine
implants here's the four I'm on the
small of my back holding me down so I
cannot move he plays his hand on my
naked behind softly fond Ling me
stroking around around this flat palm
and then his hand is no longer there and
he hits me how was that yeah it was
great we are not condoning violence and
if this has ever happened to it's not
right are you okay though but you know
what every day should be every day is
enough are you okay are you this one is
entitled Anastasia's reaction to
Christians erect penis I like how I just
was like to study a lot open your life
okay that's oh you feel me wait that's
not a frame when I do this isn't it by
the way me holding a laptop is anyone
who's wondering
when I say fiddling it's innocent
completely innocent yeah yeah and you do
have a girlfriend
so yeah let's hope she's not watching me
she will be you're gonna do all about
that bass okay and you're gonna do it
too
Anastasia's reaction to Christians erect
penis holy cow
do you need some backing I'm gonna dance
in about suddenly he sits up and tugs my
panties off and throw them on the floor
pulling off his boxer briefs his
erection Springs free holy cow he kneels
up and pulls a condom on to his
considerable length and tada I was
trying to come up with a pun like all
about that dick okay Matthew I'm gonna
challenge you to do a quote called
Christians dirty talk makes us turn
fifty shades of red and I'm gonna
challenge you to do it to the song um
cheerleader
show me how you pleasure yourself and
keep still we're going to have to work
on keeping you still baby let's see if
we can make you cut your some
deliciously wet god I want you I'm going
to fuck you now misty hard come hard for
me and up who and that's where it ends
really interesting place in that quote I
like the like the shimmy I'm doing yeah
oh wow if there's anyone here what his
name is Anna yeah all the Anna's cuz he
could be what you running actually
comment down the love your name and I
karma if you're watching we do love you
and
we are very sorry about anyway thank you
very much for watching give it a big old
thumbs up if you enjoyed it isn't that
right look at this gorgeous face
speaking or just face if you enjoyed
Alan with you let's let's be honest you
did I haven't over to his channel
there'll be a link right on his face
actually right there click that go
subscribe didn't we did a video over on
this channel as well yes we need all
will look this video is about to show
more than just the faces that I showed
you so make sure you check it out
we're like insane yeah so until next
time guys have you have a wonderful week
day thing life if I give you never come
back she might not live so I have a
great life say hi to your families from
us and hook until next week yeah
