don't so much told me no put a pillow
under my butt didn't really do it give
me the bamboo one it's stiff as fuck
hello there my name is Matthew mechana
also known as many human today I am here
with all right hey we're here to do the
what's in my mouth challenge the idea
Matt's gonna shove some stuff in my
mouth and I'm gonna have to guess what
it is well I'm not wearing this is in a
decoration this blindfold this is not my
accessory he just had I fedra hahaha
it's my ninja garment I bet he's pulling
like a disappointed look oh he's your
rubbish bag if you made it and i'm just
showing the camera now what this is so
here comes the airplane
is that that slimy what no I haha just a
wipe it and then I'll whole I have never
been so uncomfortable in my life is it a
toy oh so yeah it's a bigger rain you're
just gonna work out who the figure in
here haha okay I'm sorry what why is it
got a hair on it yeah is that I don't
know that you put that on or maybe it
was off the floor sorry whats in my
mouth a pubic hair you are getting a
saliva all over me okay is it a
superhero something well you know what
many people around the world would say
that is it Jesus did I just take Jesus
in my mouth you did the holy Thunder
have entered you today darling oh ok by
Jesus is that the few yeah regular
number two I hope you can see what that
says it's not Matt will just sprout on
the screen because he's about to find
out where he got that bag ready oh I
mean yeah open wide but what is it the
opposite a Cesaro I know that taste yeah
most would
it tastes like something like fun in
pizza possibly okay so i might find on a
pizza yeah it's like a topic yeah it's
literally so bad i have no clue like you
know it's caramelized onions you legit
look at that it's not even like a brand
it's like onion Jack what's caramelized
onions on a pizza no actually I know you
can get them on like burgers at
McDonald's I'll just like yeah you can
get still do that yeah Oh like thinking
you create your taste oh yeah give it
all filthy motherfuckers you ready for
round three this one's so easy is it
yeah i'm showing the camera what it is
once again don't know what don't know if
you can actually see this but i don't
actually usually like gag foods but
those onions made me gag that's open
your mouth and just be careful because
it's just pure liquid it's no solid so
wow what is that soy sauce yeah ah-ha i
had to give you one easy one oh no no a
couple my hand in the burgh it's just
wet why would you want to put your head
in the bag okay ready raffle I'm gonna
hate you for this yeah but wait around
five let's say the vet still ours oh I
should have thought about this actually
what why nothing mmm you can't see okay
Emily's gonna fix this up for me a
little personal system just gonna fix
this one up she hates this shit you
needed it all do that is not a good sign
what's really
I love it it's what my favorite is that
no oh thank you are smaller system are
you ready open open open open a banana
hmm true oh really really really okay
yeah we thought we'd the build-up we get
you but obviously I even brought tuna
for you nothing I'm just smelling it so
funny collapsible no I hope this works
oh my god i just i just got a whiff of
everything that don't know and I am
literally on the verge of fucking
passing out caramelized tuna sauce haha
just need to look at the top here just
those top two words now this you've got
to keep in your mouth to save I know
what this is why it's veggie mode don't
take the line photo you're still gonna
do it have you got to pretend like you
didn't ok and pretend like you didn't
let me know I don't know what this is
good open wide ready set go mmm that is
not veg amount motherfucker what the
fuck is that well that's the point of
the game you've gotta get sorry that's
something spicy oh that's hot yes radish
what's that mean yeah there's just one
main ingredient what do you think it is
killing you got it babe ah just need a
second and spices like my one weakness
it's like my kryptonite except when it
comes to the Spice Girls no not really
have some of my spit on it as well as
some sauce I mini not gonna wear this up
oh my god my scarf smells like Gina
hahaha like oh my god unlike
backe kuchen right thank you for
watching me get traumatized everyone me
love it you want to see more of this
head over to matt's travel i'll put a
link here you should subscribe to him on
his face BAM look at that there'll be a
video that we did over there the exact
same thing except i'm in a fuck with him
this time I don't know if stuff that
does that mean to you you just literally
told me before we started you guys I'm
gonna fuck you over I went and got worse
things that I forget that I could fuck
him up first and obviously it didn't
work it did work why did work but it
didn't work for him thank you for
watching I'll see you guys next time bye
bye is anything you wanna say before we
go no penis what was your first car the
first car ever actually owned is the one
I have right now which is the 1999
toyota corolla hell yeah yeah just
imagine me like bouncing up being like
yeah girl getting my ride
