hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be reacting to
Khaled I noticed that I got a lot of
requests for colourless specifically
after I said that I had no idea who he
was in my last video on Billy Eilish so
now we're gonna have a link from Billy
Eilish to Khalid
I've actually heard quite a few things
about coloreds so you know I'm kind of
keen to jump in before we start there if
you're new here make sure you click
Subscribe and turn on notifications so
you get notified anytime I upload a new
video all right let's do this
the first song I'm gonna listen to is
called location well I mean it certainly
looks like a nice location that hair is
amazing I thought you was wearing a hat
for a second I don't know if it's what
he means but when he says send me your
location I just think of like messenger
or Instagram or whatever and how you can
share your location like that little
drop I've said before that I like music
that is relatively minimal and a song
like this that kind of feels like it has
quite a bit of substance but still uses
like not all that much is really
impressive to me
I'm loving the backing vocals - I don't
know man his voice just sounds so
relaxed even when he goes to like higher
notes which a lot of people strain their
voices with feels like everything is
doing is just so easy I've been trying
to like bring out some sort of meaning
I'm not entirely sure what it is like
send me a location I'll come chill we'll
have a great night that someone was like
equal parts interesting engaging and
confusing it felt like there was so much
cred into that short time and I enjoyed
it I think hearing songs like that just
immediately kind of relaxes me a little
bit I don't know if that's just me but I
already feel like a little bit chilled
like my vibe has just been mellowed
which feels really nice and he's got a
really really lovely voice and quite a
range as well I'm really keen to see
what he does with Martin garrix who as
far as I'm aware he's an electronic
artist I know I sound like an 80 year
old saying that one of them electronic
artists and I've heard some of his work
with like other pop artists that I've
actually reacted to in previous videos
so let's see whoa
but did not realize that that was a
reflection don't trip me out like that
that was a cool intro man if you're so
it what a change from the last song so
this is published recently it was like
we're seeing an evolution of an artist
hey it's the books like in the Billy
Eilish video
you could
this reminds me of the really old song
that was like if you need me call me no
matter where you are like this whole
thing of like nothing can keep us apart
both like emotionally but also literally
physically a huge massive ocean or
valleys or whatever can't keep us apart
I mean that's the meaning I'm taking out
of it shadows
how's my sound loving the mirrors though
it was like a funhouse at a carnival or
something I'm sure that was the
intention he was going for right
still
choose a soothing voice there I want him
to sing me like a lullaby can we can we
arrange with that colleague do want to
come sing me some lullaby
you can put a wall I will burn it up
seems somewhat threatening
I'm loving the drop in with those
violins that's just really well composed
and it's actually really interesting
because as I was saying in the last
video colored like was doing quite a lot
with relatively little in regards to
music and this is probably the first
time I've felt like a drop that actually
still feels like a drop but really it's
just like one instrument I mean the
message behind that song was pretty
sweet right while I'm not particularly
fond of songs that like I just kind of
hey it's a love song or like I'll do
anything for you composition wise and
song wise disregarding the lyrics I
actually quite liked that it was just
nice and chill but at the same time
being quite engaging that song there is
something I think I would listen to so
the next song is called loves lies and
this one has someone called
normanni nominee I guess like Normandy
maybe I've got no idea who this is and I
feel like I'm finally out of touch with
just everything every time I do one of
these videos that like features someone
and I'm like I got no idea who that is
and all of you in the comments are like
Matthew how do you know who this person
is do you live under a rock and the
answer is yes I do live under a rock
another like slowish star and a time for
when the music video takes place
interesting whenever that means it's
gonna have like a storyline to it
are you down always
oh she in
Oh
I guess they I love that I emoji so much
oh my god that was perfect
I needed over to trust tell me
you down for the lies alright so this
seems like I sort of like spurned lover
love song right okay it's not like lies
is in like falsehoods it's like where
your love lies I'd get it I'm in the
know now it's also like a very
expressive voice huh and feel a lot of
emotion in that I just feel like a lot
of singers in general kind of forget
that there's a lot more to performing
these sorts of songs than just sounding
good and hitting notes there's like a
whole like acting thing to like a whole
voice acting thing to it a betrayal
motion and all sorts of emphasis she
like dancing for him maybe that's what
they were texting like are you down to
come dance with me in the room I guess
so melee that core strength though oh
that's really cute so it literally was
that she came over to dance for him in
the room that's kind of adorable all
right we're moving on to our last song
now which is called young dumb and broke
this has a lot of use like half a
billion views oh my god that was
released like only a year and a bit ago
so I'm surprised that I haven't heard of
Khalid it's school that was time to go
out into the real world I just want to
wish you all good luck that's kind of
what I thought my teachers thought about
me when I graduated
let's chill be I cannot give you
everything you know how it shot good
that's a cool sentiment like I can't
give you everything I wish I could if
you like that's shared by a lot of
people right yeah that's cute but young
dumb in Peru we still got love to give
kind of like I guess saying that love is
the most important thing yeah I really
like his like scatting when he goes
super high that's really nothing to me
I also really like the story they're
telling if like all these evil would
they what are they called like the
yearbook things most likely to X again
this is something that I've talked about
quite a few times on this channel but
like it feels like a lot of this is
saying like we don't need a rush you
know we're we're kids it's fine like a
lot of people when they graduate school
just feel like they have to jump
straight into being like now you are an
adult to adult things like you know
you've got time to chill and have fun
and relax right
he's kind of really showing off his
versatility in this song in particular
he's hitting quite a range of notes and
hitting them really really well this
music video is also just kind of cute in
a lot of ways right god that was an
intense day overall I think Kylie's very
talented like I said I particularly like
how kind of relaxed his voice is I know
it's just kind of like flow out of his
mouth and that's really beautiful it's
an awesome thing to hear in a musician
they're sort of like not scratchiness I
can't think of the word maybe like how
gravelly his voice is when he goes low
it's really nice to me and he also
doesn't strain when he hits those really
high notes so that's always a plus so in
the end quite impressed and quite happy
as always I want to hear what you think
do you like co-lead do you not like
Khalid had you not heard of him before
this video like me living under a rock
I'm always always keen to hear your
thoughts so thank you very much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video if
you did please don't forget to click
that like button and as always have an
awesome time until I see you next see ya
