I speak of revolution but lately the
only thing I watched turning 360 degrees
are clock hands I speak of revolution to
the rumble of empty stomachs of starving
children when all them words my plant
some seeds but not the kind i see now i
spare way to Gran's TV blaring in the
background / cereal bowls and in love
shopping malls where really Owen will
hear me even if it was quite how does
that thing in the forest go if I make a
call for change and no one is around to
hear it does it change the world no you
see I come to cozy in the winter routine
life spins me and never having to be
without without all the Monsanto
chemical news presentable presented as
their Jesta ball today everything they
feed you is big and shiny how else are
you meant to be distracted but I tell
them I tell them I am weaving myself
into a dream catcher so hey I can handle
my vegetables looking funny and the
truth in all its ugly I don't want you
to distract me I speak a revolution but
lately I've been trying to speak it
through poetry maybe here you will hear
me
myself into a dream catcher lately I've
been catching words like them now human
connection in the smaller student it can
be measured that moment treasured
between passing strangers at glance and
not a shed roster the fulfillment of the
sense of belonging that we all chase
after xenophobic adjective Australia's
refugee policy terra nullius Latin
expression land belongs to no one and
for the colonizer the affirmation the
reason for the invasion land belonging
to no one Plan B 1
for indigenous sprung from the land
revolution now the power of the fist
when it is not overpower a sister but
empower you sister sister na healer
mother thought dealer mother to the new
generation of children planters of trees
and saviors of bees who are dying tell
them sister the bees are dying plant
seeds in their minds the body and soul
feeding kind reminder that the bees grow
the world over once we've licked our
lives just like our hands
