bad
I represent more than the sum of our
parts I was just trying to keep you all
some on my heart through my la m√∫sica my
boy seer try to be a warrior like Queen
Boadicea a solo career no Savior just a
chain whip slave ship overseer and they
had no idea how I've got the real Swift
up tears left upward of fear I had a
mother told me question authority and a
dad who's only quest was of her that is
left me with an inner dichotomy in a
cyclone in a trance try stopping I was
the boy in the corner so dizzy but
where's the boy recorder so dizzy I used
to sit with my boys and Ross Iggy's I
used my real accent no Iggy
this will relax and no biggie puffin 98
are no biggie let us show the kid
thought some provocative see the store
roll in they install the linoleum life
like what the fuck is a lot of cut
filled up and the women Amazonian is
young it's your money is your right to
choose her what to do with your
fallopian tubes or your over rings over
these over this dude's control the head
of tubes telling you what to do Polly is
a little mannish in a behind a fucking
killer grab bricks at the block I can
undercut to the gathered up whenever run
amuck what is aa gimmick colonies
growing it all I've got going is my flow
in my wall poems Wilfred Owen no one
that they're powerless down sometimes I
want half wanna prom in the town
undoubtedly but I'm an abacus people
Cameron so a handle you don't want every
bouncing these beats while Ezio's having
me trying to get me shot up on the
boundary I see my peers all trying to
stun they want a car with a lady looking
fly on the front me may I try the mother
to send a bundle to my grand in the
jungle lands at least once you see that
bullet of me I'm trying to keep up their
poverty free sentences dollars to eat
I'm not totally there the same income as
when I worked at the back of Kingsley's
chicken in a can it's a camera to shrug
delicious question
yeah you see I'm the best that you never
heard of here screaming death to the
burn up press over the tips hit the
streets when swerve off sit everywhere
I've seen violence violence everywhere
markets started with invasion impacts of
Silas terrorist autonomous the theatres
of wool the guns war we can still hear
the applause as governor macquarie told
soldiers to March I kill a fella struck
fear in their hearts but hanging from
the trees so everyone can see the same
do we name a bank any Union for job
awards in the bottom drawer the
mythmakers of dictators and kiss takers
they've got a lot of gold when they
choose in orange and blue be juiced up
on a more the people who were quite
offer their lands back from the land
grabs rapes in the ransacks
let's go away another word for the years
who's in the bottom for the Empire eaten
up by the gunfire don't get me twisted
no disrespect for their swift perspire
and their bloodshed but we've got a
breach higher being knew our ship the
land speed brain and consider again stop
putting words into the mouths of dead
men for your modern a change one of this
they remember the diggers didn't bottom
of the banks to get married and Jack's
to be warned
I hope enough flags that we carry they
both were afraid of our right to the
equal and even
oh yes you know some people took the
chance to travel the globe a sense of
camaraderie and hanging with their roads
travelled and abandoned an unknown
bottom they fought for a nation that
divided up racism preach segregation a
placement it was cool to be Tijuana so
don't make up their morals in hindsight
celebrity was cheap see were hiding from
the history that makes us uneasy at
least question what we venerated poorer
350 million dollars to be memory
despite max Brendan Nelson would
commemorate the frontier Wars that
really made that see listen it wasn't
just Bush mr. other place for the crew
Captain Cook - in heaven take a look in
your books misshapen 500 languages kept
the lands managed
I'm reading dizziness but I try to
understand that they not just for the
fight for their left
the people tell me love it or leave it
have a lot of haters insane okay
they try to disqualify everything that I
say cuz I'm a big brown brother with an
Arabic name they call me ungrateful and
unpatriotic shear that attitude is
strength we honor the love of your
country means one change for the better
that means criticizing the ugly side of
society hey sir we've got a 17.5% gender
pay gap right now there is a pool of
dollars to the offices of operatives
shit a woman a week dies from domestic
violence if that is not a crisis then
what is it crisis mom
symbolizes a soy bolo - man over in your
pilot's countenance upon wreck still is
not my aim to claim that I never said
bitch in vain - main what disrespected
with an I'm a product of the system but
we've got to untrain that reins to make
it difficult Rousseau boots of bulls or
gropey of man jesus slut or don't be a
pussy brother told you cut a thoughts
reflect where we stand
you see our channel in LA but I'm
channeling anger I know that echo
chamber is always the danger preaching
to the choir at church of the converted
but should I keep my eyes averted what
justice is perverted you know we all
have the same kind of politics you don't
think that we all we all think the same
thing kind of nodding our heads in
unison sometimes wonder about all that
like maybe we're just sharing this
progressive lefty politics but at the
same time like what the hell are our
choices because it feels right now all
we have is our voices I'm trying to sing
like Venice if I said if I'm a nerd I
try to live by the tenant may change
make love make music with a message
get the picture like hold Bennett's he's
an awesome photographer picture live
girl Venice as long as there are menaces
and now roost I went back to reality
like their mother clowns do these
government has blood on his hands three
billion bucks in its budget and plans to
keep the hell halls open that's more
than the yearly budget of the UNHCR
globally I noticed about my dad
hello and no man is an island
but even continents will sink in a
changing climate the denying science
expires got the CSIRO but the clock is
unwinding but against all of that I find
solace in my pen my storytelling
spelling out my origins and ends the
profane and sacred the best means of
understanding ourselves to something so
ancient since we were animals Roman on
savanna became hunter-gatherers standing
up killing manners drilling holes into
ivory bones pentatonic tones as
expression to solve prayer to our
deities painting on the cave wall
pressing in a claim like death love
making calls language born turned into
cuneiform runes on stone in the pyramid
halls now we put it down over beats and
breaks as a tape cube base database of
cranks and other blood up in my veins
again ha subterranean bloom like the
reddest of geraniums and I see lights
appear before unseen every single one
represents a human being drifting
through time like a luminous dream maybe
one day we will understand what they
meant
