see it's my first time because I was
afraid afraid of seeing myself for who I
truly am by reading the words I leave
together on paper out of my tank I could
not release the stagnation of my
frustration from my past through to my
pen onto my page thus to cover my holes
for myself I would drink my heart cracks
and huggles away and before I
appreciated a drink there's a child of
14 I would leave the egg out with a
blade praying that these flames of
grades which were out of my arms like
the perfect slice of cake that I did not
eat no I did not eat thinking if I
looked thinner at the time I was sucked
in the mirror then I would feel prettier
and therefore believed that I was too
beautiful to feel this plane then either
carried away to starve until I lost so
much flesh that there was no blood left
to strain and cut out and drink I let
the people I thought were closest to me
to find Who I am I let the father who I
feared more than a daughter or to ever
fear from the men should have been a
first love make me feel the
worthlessness I carried in my dreams I
let my peers at school build my trust in
admitting that my sense of belonging can
ever be found here I let the boy I love
to walk away over and over again and
each time a new piece of my heart lost
in his hand until he was back for a new
game and I let the stigma of my
community how we believed that being so
different meant there was something so
very wrong with me
I found God again at 16
lost him repeatedly especially this year
because of the close-minded
discriminating harsh being my church
made him out to be my insecurities began
pinching their fists around my throat so
felt forcefully my struggle to breathe
caved in on my ability to see or hear I
was trapped in this doll room with
nowhere to release and then I started
coming here and I'm not going to lie
this place it's safety you all taught me
how to regain my efforts by releasing
the toxins of my depression after the
beginning of my hot channel under my arm
and let it travel to my fingertips to
create a page of reasons as to why I'm
still here these last few months I've
become so sick of visiting doctors to
determine the cause of my chest pain and
palpitations when all along it was due
to how I mask the toxins of my emotions
by using a laugh or a stick of butter or
a drink but that power painting pain
that kept me up all night gradually
subsided with every page of anger and
 I provided which I had once
suppressed in my cage I was once afraid
afraid to write in case anyone found my
journal and introduce themselves to the
secret alleys of my soul because my
words be on an x-ray that makes me
transparent and there for a week and
then I realized maybe it's time to move
the on so here I am this is my
first working work
