give me an L give me a G give me a B
give me a tea chocolate an i
occasionally in call the community so
with impunity we love together a handful
of sexual orientations and gender
identification to transform them into a
single acronym but instead of embracing
them as part of this community all we
did was draw a line in the sand
segregation we pretended a handful of
letters to the counter the bigotry over
nation is still debating from the
validity of same-sex marriage in the
21st century society it all the stands
between us and progress is a handful of
letters and not seem to know what they
mean like whenever a celebrity comes out
of the closet is news across the nation
is every news station depends i could
newsworthy information and so in place
its burden upon them to come out of the
same closet that we buried them in but
did I become out of the closet about the
fact that I prefer brunettes over Blom's
that I'm in since me and rather than ask
their note the definitely sexist I
denied they taught at the high decatur
acceptable home and someone with my
preferences then straight towards other
males then the obstacle between myself
and marries a number of days between a
theta my incredibly unsuccessful love
life decided to turn around I don't
understand a thing about transgender or
transsexual that has difference between
ur to explain to you multiple times both
first ten into wikipedia i still find
the entire thing stranger confusing but
why should my inability to comprehend
something impact somebody else's ability
to be something i think it's time we all
see something more akin to a man with
the king did when you freed something
inside of us and breaks humanity no
longer sit upon the sidelines and its
own history or because one man had a
dream well i am one man and I too had a
dream that being shared by other men and
women and men who identified it when a
women who identify as men in sunder
don't really fit between of your tune
with the date of ohms like leaves will
it become obsolete until the day that
arrangement riding become the symbol of
an acronym put up a human race would you
ever date every closet we destroy every
bigger relegated to avoid dream of the
day that will know to have to dream our
dreams because they will live them
