humbly months top woods minaret his
science class it's way out of the pulpit
inside of his hands our prayer works
without warship he has open with an with
pages talk my wife is afraid of his own
patchwork come ask you where her borders
lie
blue is maximum sky torn asunder
she is eyelash hornings collecting storm
water and used bullets when she cries
the awnings bends and she rains let her
go
my husband is a decrepit school he is a
class schedule that lost track of time
his mind is a hallway full of open
lockers that used to house memories
legend is painted in blood on
whiteboards a tale of two cities that
knew the worst of times
my wife is standing at the terminal of a
long abandoned Airport waiting for the
best of times to walk through those
doors broken records playin like rusty
steel and soundtrack to suffering
my husband is broken aspects gardens on
his fingertips green tulips or the
cement slip between us my wife is the
tool of the missile mist mascara
appliance every petal to make her feel
beautiful again she weaves cities into
the end of her friend Michelle minarets
sawn between the scenes where mine he
won't tell me stories of what it was
like
he won't describe the colors to me I
wonder if you watched it burn I wonder
if he burned my wife could spot a
neighborhood by the taste of its a lake
me it all tastes like yesterday but she
can still smell tomorrow's freshly baked
bread there is social what am i bouncing
between oxygen molecules she finds home
in the 1000s of mothers yet to come my
husband is grand awesome an abandoned
palace monument built in his courtyard
the saluted savior now with broken
kneecaps and pious frustration and
ancient air trapped in a frosty city
streets she used to be he told me what
color is the orchards burned he didn't
burn the tulip that breaks the violence
is always the puris she was always more
beautiful without makeup the voicing
marriage now reconcile rebuilding a
nation is like raising a child so we
adapted soon yet another man our newly
formed family will pick up the pieces
