alright next pilot Chris sulfur it's
always been flexing to me that wealth
means an accumulation and attachment to
material things and success just means
gaining more money it's as if that's
what we've been conditioned to see
tunnel vision entropy manufactured by
corporate and governmental entities
youtube twitter snapchat Instagram
instant messaging facebook with its
endless distractions is hard to filter
through to the reality that the junk
food for the mind has got the wool over
our eyes and it feels like we're losing
our kinship to one another and linked to
a spirituality tell me where is all the
empathy when I can walk down pit street
and see the homeless struggling starving
trying to make ends meet begging for
some spare change for a bite to eat it's
a strange time we live in when Hugh
Jackman Miranda Kerr can you can what
any other equivalencies if this status
of celebrity has fans rushing to get the
autograph but the man on the corner were
holding his jacket and assigned pleading
his case gets sentenced to a life of
nimble being erased by the collective
consciousness of the human race it's a
strange time and a sad time when that's
a simple truth we as a people faces
that's why I always try to remember to
treat people like they were yourself
living another life because it wasn't
too long ago I was in that position
having sleepless nights on cold streets
park benches and train carriages trying
to move from the station a station in
life finally get on the right track and
make these right as a high school
dropout I didn't get to have a proper
education growing up in a broken home
did that had thrust me on the streets
into bad situations watching junkies
trying to find veins to stick needles in
their arms getting high smoking weed and
ice you name it I've come a very long
way since those days but I still
remember the time being held at gunpoint
in a home invasion staring down the
barrel of a gun at the dub dub balaclava
wearing man robbing me at only seventeen
I was already broken beaten and jaded I
asked myself why God why me but my faith
in God had already been shaken when I
learnt from a young age that we live in
a cult of personality where people
equate the value and worth of things
according to
they see famous people haven't do on TV
and magazines we live in a time when
gods have been replaced by celebrities
looked up to emulated praise the worship
where's the hope for the youth of all
this mass media misleading your
brainwashing bullshit because now we've
got charlatans and shysters Jersey Shore
a young money cash money billionaires is
our role models and young girls are
having body-image problems I'm
constantly trying to keep up with the
Kardashians it's kind of sad I thought
my generation growing up was bad with a
thug lace fuck the police in that now
it's all about the motto Yolo and who
has more swag now it seems like having a
social life means getting wasted up in
the club every weekend misspent youth
hooked on the top 10 music staring each
other down in the club waiting for the
other guy to do shit and saying you only
live once is people an excuse to act
stupid it's kind of crazy to see young
male personal growth has been sapped by
mind-numbing thumb down consumerist
monotony call of duty calling young boys
to the duty of leveling up their online
lives and virtual reality life
experience is being replaced by
experience points entertainment means
killstreaks 4m sticks teens providing
joint elation for the youth of this
generation fast becoming more connected
yet feeling the polarization of being
lost in the matrix emotionless
desensitized and isolated it's time to
switch off the Xbox go outside and go it
get a taste of reality because there is
a war on consciousness that we are
failing to see it's prevalent in the
culture and on our streets the cool kids
who own snapbacks today that reader babe
it's ironic that the principle of
Shepard Fairey's clothing brand obey was
based on practice in phenomenology which
means his street art scheme was intended
to get people to question their systems
of belief billboards companies marketing
your shit you don't need all the while
the masses of you for lost in
translation to what all of that means
because it's a trend swag popularity and
status is now what's direct is derived
from the message that is clearly missed
so we've seen that message being there
is a war going on for your mind and if
you're thinking that you were willing
nah fuck that due to the haze and the
fam that comes with being a celebrity
it's all about the money making game
sliding drugs up your nose in the club
and living those coke dreams
alcohol-soaked debauchery drug-induced
chemistry acts of competitive greed
backstabbing rivalry fake people with
fake personalities and fake schemes to
manifest big paper man we need to
redefine what success means because
wealth is of the heart and the mind not
the pocket people are not finding peace
with themselves so their surroundings
and serve ourselves with things that
make them happy everyone's jealous of
what everybody else has an upset for
what they have not we really need to get
passed down realized that I don't need
be jealous of everybody else has because
I'm Google what I got and in a
capitalist society growing up whether
you have stopped thinking outside the
box and it constantly trying to be
something bae or not I'd rather be
conscious awake Chris sulfur born with a
hole in the heart I rather be my past
regrets heartbreaks and insecurities all
the battles they fought and all the real
shit that experience taught I'd rather
be my aspirations goals and dreams I'd
rather wear myself with pride not with
selling it stores or what's trending
because i am a canvas of my own
experiences not what society tells me
I'm meant to be you design yourself
that's my mentality I'd rather be real
I'd rather deeply I'd rather be me not
some blindly consuming self-conscious
carbon copy zombie I'd rather be the
books I consume the movies I watched the
music I listen to the people I meet the
conversations I have and what I take
from them I'd rather live in love in the
present instead of constantly stressing
about when i'll get my next paycheck or
wondering if my sister will ever get off
the heroin i hope that with my strength
in this lifetime i can do enough to
prevent seeing her in an early death bed
because you decide what battles you
choose and what battles you lose even if
they seem to be never-ending blood is
thicker than water and it runs deep
deeper and stronger than that poison
she's injecting into their bloodstream
I'd rather immerse myself for the best
that has been thought and said not what
some propaganda pushed in the paper read
I'd rather be proud of what I am rather
than desperately try to be something
that I'm not just a fit in and whether
we
death or not that's what this culture or
i should say lack of culture is feeding
us because we deserve the right to
pursue the goals of our lives without
being manipulated and controlled by the
agendas of media industrial complex and
i sincerely hope you all heed these
words be the messenger that makes this
particular message Fred it's time to
create more and consume less because the
job is simply what get what you get paid
to do while you're calling is what you
were made to do and you for this
generation they do it yourself
innovative the entrepreneurs the poets
the lovers of all kinds the dream chases
we have a voice had changed not caught
up in our ways unlike those before us we
have the power to make a change and pave
the way to a new state of being and
living so don't be dismayed because your
words are made of matter they are made
to matter they hold weight and an open
mind is an open heart as they say you
were the universe but society teaches
limitations ignore the media and all its
limitations because within me is the
universe and the same can be said for
every single one of you begin to reframe
your minds because we're not what we
sippin think say or do we are boundless
imagination born from the mind ether not
victims of our circumstances afraid to
go far as we part I'd like to recite a
favorite proverb let's be straight to
the heart be humble you were made of
earthen you noble you were made of stars
you
