Nancy Luca hello Ben Stein hi so i write
this once and never read over it but my
friend ever convince me to share it
tonight so i will i got an SMS last
night from my friend sister my friend
had passed away about nine years ago so
the SMS was a bit of an emotional moment
because nine years had passed and it
kind of still feels like yesterday my
knees have passed 24 and a half since
you breathed your last one year shy of a
decade one quarter to 25 24 and a half
balloons take flight at the Jews bonfire
Honor made emotions oscillate between
memory and pain on each flame I still
keep your number in my phone so when
your sister SMS is from it I enter the
freakout zone there I feel transported
and I feel your presence for that iota
of a second seconds of images believes
through my mind school grounds
shenanigans apples orange peels objects
you name it it was pelted Colorado shoes
shoe laces way too long late-night
McDonald's Drive thrus post mechanized
Atlantic's antiques pickups here and
drop-offs their backyard parties tellin
mama that you're drinking milk AKA
kahlua dance to that song Ling's in
lockstep circles is you'd feel far nice
shot glass room in South Ella Tommy
cielo Tommy I want you my knees have
passed 24 and a half two days before
that that wretched phone call we stood
fighter I Colorado shoes long shoelaces
of insight you're on your bikes for a
late night ride be safe Tommy our last
goodbye 130pm and the phone rings
sisters of a kindred spirit reunited
los explained six degrees of separation
when you breathed your last did you have
to derive I don't like bikes much my
first and last double was with you and
you gave me your helmet 24 years have
passed I'm sorry nine years have past 24
and a half one more to 10 and I still
can't comprehend the intuitive secrets
your vivid smile revealed a soul
destined forever young okay
