is mohamed el head there hi this is this
is a love poem and after this poem
you'll realize i figured of bullies or
calls or cheese is gone use ball of
cheese here love love is such a powerful
feeling that started feeling realizing
the being in front of the unforced
life's meanings my D when I'm around you
my head hits the ceiling my tongue lucid
is killer speaking in my eyes with its
collapsing I'm striking eyeglasses it's
hard to recognize the face without these
specs it will be hard a foul blind
giving up my knees and hands fall into
the decks feeling hopeless by my God my
goals don't lie in the darkness so I
thank God I can see the light her like a
richness and if my D if you find my
words uncle'd and let us sit down we'll
drink some tea whilst I write you a poem
leap into your e let go of all your
fears what I what I have to say you must
hear sweet like honey fresh from a
beehive she flush to the rivers of the
Green Valley terrains just as how blood
flowed through my veins she keeps me
alive we're far apart with a smile i
will remember you when close together
with my arms i will show to you i went
to i want to sip from the same class as
you and eat from the same spoon as you
three words at the tip of my tongue
spoken sung and whispered not to anyone
but you this is all pure this is all
purely purely from a heartbeat I be I
don't want to hide so you so when you
feel my heat look into my eyes can you
see our future ties I'll row how your
woven into my soul
anyway and if my D by chance we were to
be separated for the moment I wouldn't
write because you are my source of
energy my every element the wind that
whispers to me as I walked the lonely
night the stars that shine so bright
just like your eyes I want to save that
light they steady fire in my heart that
keeps me patient until we were you a
night when whenever I become blind
consumed by darkness and anger I stop
and take a breather for you cross before
you cross my mind my dear you are the
cold water that runs down my spine and
when were together we would try
compliments like how I'm the Sun that
shines her back world like how she's the
moon that lions wide not my night sky I
looked after she's buck with a couple
times you'd have to agree she has a
difficult time explaining her lines like
how I'm her flower like how I'm her tree
but my dear you are the roots for birth
to help me go the Legion the leaves and
petals to make them glow without you I
just it just be Hollow it's Trudy if
your demons are knee and you're drowning
in tears there's a kiss for every T that
runs down your cheek and for you I would
build you about I would build you about
just to keep you afloat if there's any
of the waves force us to hold into the
sea I'll be your climbing you be my pill
believe me the purest of pills that show
on the back of the darkest parts of the
deep ocean sea without you I'm less
valuable without me you're more
vulnerable drifting deep in mint
condition protecting her the clam his
mouth shut tight not even Poseidon can
open holding her on holding holding on
to each other tightly and sinking into
the unknown not recklessly nor
thoughtlessly forever expecting both
happiness and hardships until the last
bit of meaningful words are spoken from
their lips until they hit the bottom of
the sea together meaningful words spoken
like I want to be with you forever and
in the end in the Hereafter
