Lauren Reed has come down all the way
from Wollongong to cross why she's
absolutely amazing so I really hope you
guys enjoy it i'll just read her bio
quickly so Lauren's a spoken word poet
and co-founder of the monthly Wollongong
poetry slam at yours and owls she's
creative writing and journalism student
and likes to tell stories take pictures
and spend hours learning the lyrics to
rap albums which is like a gangsta she
was highly commended at the Sydney head
of the 2012 Australian poetry slam and
won the September 2012 word in hand slam
in blame a true supporter of spoken word
culture she performs from Sydney to
Canberra secured her first feature slot
at the poetry in Wollongong slam into
that in 2013 April this year and as an
upcoming feature at word in hand in
August so please do check her out and
sport I met one of those asylum seekers
from the sinking boats and when I saw
him it was from behind a fence and he
was standing there grabbing at his
throat because of all the water that
he'd swallowed and all the lives that
has been fed that are slowly choking him
from the inside in a sense an innocent
prisoner but we've crushed his pride and
no one's trying to listen as he stands
there trying to speak trying to say how
much is missing his firstborn child for
those who've come across the seas we've
boundless Plains to share just make sure
you don't actually come across our seas
because our mottos aren't quite fair
I've seen people tying knots in their
kite tails to remind them not to sail
because the winds of Darwin the
darkening in The Wizard of Oz might not
let you in she'll choose not to grant
you your human rights don't intrude
because lately our planes have been
bound and there's less space here to
move or to be moved or to feel emotion
I've a notion that politicking is just a
cover-up for time ticking and each
second we wait another life considered
second-rate just because
we were blessed with being born on
different soil blessed with a lack of
physical turmoil and left with that
subdued sense of guilt hidden belly felt
given respite in the thought that these
people are illegal just our
justification for the damage they've
been dealt and please forgive my stub at
the controversial but history tends to
repeat itself so it's no wonder that the
white people here are scared because
last time someone came here looking for
a better life that was us and we stole
and massacred from the people of this
land so maybe when we see asylum seekers
seeking peace we see a little of
ourselves reflected there that same fear
and desperation we feel when we're late
for class or misplace the keys to one of
our four cars that's the same fear
instilled in them because their father
was just murdered by the Taliban or
they're choking at sea or they're
choking on air behind an electric wire
fence praising their foreign than
terrible gods for bringing them here and
he sends me letters from detention where
he never fails to mention how maybe one
day and aussie girl will fall in love
with a Tamil guy is that just so
impossible for two born beneath the same
 sky and he tells himself it can
be true it must be two cultures
complementary cuz he he left his girl in
Sri Lanka and he never wants to see her
again no thank you because he doesn't
want to know the woman that would emerge
from that kind of trial her head
submerged beneath seas of policies and
papers and laws and if she ever made it
to the shore with peace of mind and he
welcomed her to come and share this
peace of mind he couldn't bear the pain
of forcing her to learn to swim again
freestyle arm over arm playing it by ear
hearing past the cries of babies who
cannot be here after 14 hours of
treading water in five years behind bars
after all that he still thinks it's
amazing this country of ours
thank you
thank you so much that poems called
choking on air and it was inspired by a
true story of a guy I met at villawood
Detention Center and the conversation I
had with him was really humbling because
i was there writing an article and so
the questions I was asking him were kind
of like Oh what was your journey like I
can't believe what happened tell me why
you left Sri Lanka and the other side of
the conversation was him asking me like
what do you do on the weekend for fun
and what kind of music do you listen to
and it brought me straight back down to
earth when I realized in that moment
that he was a person pretty much the
same as me he wasn't an entity and he
wasn't a political idea he was a human
being and he's since been released from
Villa woods which is really cool so my
name is Lauren Reed I'm from Wollongong
thank you so much for having me here
today all the posts that have got up so
far I've been freaking amazing yeah i
co-founded the Wollongong poetry slam
which is the last saturday of every
month if you ever done in the area
usually we catch the train up but
tonight my mom is in the crowd and she
drove
I don't have a poem about mothers but I
thought I'd dedicate the next one to her
so she doesn't feel left out and the
next thing I want to do for you guys is
called church and I'm not a religious
person but I think i'm a bit of a
spiritual person so this poem was kind
of thinking about you know the bumper
sticker slogan god is love sometimes on
the back of cars I was thinking about
that in some of the more spiritual
moments that I've experienced in my life
so this is church if God is love then
I've never felt love before I've never
raised my eyes to the heavens or watched
my knees hit the floor my face rests at
the waist level of the devil but it's
kept out of trouble by pitchfork and
high-pitched treble apparently death
comes in three years belief prayer and
loyalty please God forgive me for I know
not what to do most of us seem lost
amongst the few cradling pages of a book
between the pews empty views and hollow
vessels mortar and pestle a couple
grains of what is true mixed with freeze
frames of mind games rendezvous and
bathroom floor tiles cracked into now
love love is a word I seldom use in
poetry because it's cliche at least the
version that is known to me and I don't
want to repeat my lack of wisdom like a
rosary but a rose is a rose you know and
any other name would smell as sweet so
God or love push or shove worship the
lover as we hide beneath bed covers from
this God lying above us the silver cross
around his neck lowers its chained in my
chest because sometimes I confuse love
with something less and confuse God with
just a man dressed in a robe barefoot
into the bathroom he strode floor tiles
cracking beneath his toes book of Job
and tap water splashing the crown of his
frontal lobe a sliver of mirror from the
ceiling falls as God calls from the
ensuite not why do the righteous
sufferer but how did we first meet and
from that splintered glimmer of
reflection I met my former dereliction
and realized that love has always been
inside of me see I know
the color purple in a field of green and
I feel the energy of the congregation as
they sing we have solar's of people but
controlling the people is like creating
the Apple and then suppressing the fall
or as a testament meant as complete
metaphor do your sess some more I need
more to work with God hear me roar from
the curl of my toes where honesty and
loving shows and a sleeve worth
scrubbing clean of emotion once warm
there but worn down now by cautious care
love growing between sheets of paper and
cotton caught up in that tangle of
pillow talk and prayer and on the
seventh day I was caught unaware by the
room service ladies food tree vulnerable
and malleable my thoughts were like soft
clay and his arms were out envelop
impale raised at the railing of a
balcony scene matinee and she can't see
him but I'm left tongue-tied so I bare
my wrists to her guilty call it a sin
it's suicide cut my clay with fishing
line and watch as God and love flow as
the artery sprays mahaffey to rhyme is
my artistry creates a situation out of
two words two ideologies two birds with
one stone and if both of them fly away
then were left alone and I cannot I
cannot press my palms together like
we've all been shown instead they press
against his chest written in stone any
raises one eyebrow as the clock tower
chimes but church is in session now so
we've got to leave to be on time
the first time I ever heard a spoken
word poem I was studying in the united
states where it's pretty big spoken word
poetry and i was studying with this
lecturer who said guys i'm going to let
you go early from class today i'm going
to give you some money and I want you to
go and see this film so our lecturer
paid for our whole class to see a film
he went off back home to his family and
the film was louder than a bomb and it's
about youth slam in Chicago it follows
the story of four teenagers who write
this freaking amazing poetry and that
was a first time ahead slam I sending in
the cinema bawling my eyes out and i
love that such a small thing like a film
can change someone's life path so
drastically and that is what I love
about things like bankstown poetry slam
that's bring in all these different
members of the community together
because I know that one single line from
one single poem can change someone's
whole direction in life whether it's
only by one small tiny degree of
difference so they saw a body builder I
thought I'd do a poem about my time in
America so I have this really short one
it's a sonnet which means it has i think
it's 14 lines I mean I'm not to glue on
the specifics but um it's called Harlem
shakes because when i was in new york
city I lived there for about four weeks
at all up and I stayed in Harlem some
people reckon that's like the dodgy area
of New York City where I had a lot of
fun there so the sonnet Harlem shakes
the hostels were cheaper in Harlem with
card boarded windows and cereal bowls I
was told to fold into the arms of Harlem
where food stamp signs stuck to shop
fronts frosted over with cold my bed was
a tattered mattress on the floor and
dinner was with extra hot sauce the lost
remnants of a renaissance that the
chicken wings guy left in a takeaway box
outside my door now door never once
opened with his key but the passwords to
pass through Harlem flowed through me as
a polo kicked up this storm after a calm
and said words words are the baseline
rhythm of second Avenue in 116 and that
explains
the spanish hymns that have started
walking through my sleep and when the
hurricane shook Harlem I saw an old man
trying to rake the flying leaves down in
the street I told you that was a short
one so he didn't believe me this is
gonna be my last poem for the night and
I want to thank especially Ahmed happy
birthday and Sara for putting on this
amazing swear I haven't missed a single
one since it started up and it's just
been growing and it's so amazing and I
love it so thank you thank you to every
port that's got up so far and every poet
who's about to get up I know you'll be
inspiring is the first half this is a
new poem i'm going to do i haven't
memorized it yet so I'm gonna have to
read it so sorry about them it's it's
the ex-boyfriend love poem I think we
all have to write one eventually yeah so
thank you so much fab meats it's been
amazing come and clean
I didn't believe you when you said that
she fit better in your arms a girl more
comfortable in her skin one who knocks
and then lets herself in she was perfect
I agreed tracing the Lifeline on your
palms sometimes I get scared that I'm
not smiling because I'm happy I'm just
smiling because I'm numb I've misplaced
a couple feelings and lost the feeling
in my tongue and when words are all I
have I need to speak to loose the
stitches in my lips to come undone we
used to sit on the edge of the bathroom
sink after barefoot beach walks talking
about how amazing sand is and stick in
our cold feet into hot water faces
candid and so close but only our
kneecaps would touch and that was enough
now I fall in love with people I don't
know on trends that are usually
traveling in the opposite way my lips
are cracked like the pavement like
pepper like parched earth parting to
trap unwary prisoners my cheeks are
aching and my eyes are dry trying to
keep up appearances that day I cursed
myself saying I'd never love again and
then split my heart into infinitive
'he's a million different fragments that
i spread across the land so i'm looking
for someone with some sticky tape and a
fossicking pan to sift through my
memories and pick out the ones i've
hidden and to understand that i haven't
cracked in 4 x 365 days so please
forgive me if i do now i loved how you
were brave brave enough to hold out your
hand to me unsure if I could take it all
the forced smiles and turn to styles
hiding kisses and abstaining but I did
and when our fingers locked your thumb
always went over the top because
otherwise I felt weird I kept every
single movie ticket stub and then I
swapped them all for a plane ticket love
I thought was smaller than a wingspan
thought I could outrun it because I can
sprint faster than most boys can and so
I ran to Brazil the land of romance I
promised myself to keep still and wait
for a second chance with someone 10 *
bed
look in the new because you're the only
person I'd ever lain with and I needed
to prove that I was lainla sand that I
didn't need you so Jeff with his
washboard chest serenaded me and made me
feel something again for a week or two
but he didn't have an alcove in his
shoulder blade carved in the shape of my
forehead where we fit together like the
hinges on a folded chessboard and pawns
were sent to die for our love and people
played trumpets in the street and cover
that same refrain mixed with catch a
second liquor that circled around again
Lee the gain returning to the same story
that same day you started smoking
cigarettes spinning ash what the hell
was that about staying in the words that
came out of your mouth a different
pigment I didn't know you anymore and I
wanted to wash clean of it so I stand in
showers waiting for poems to come while
masturbating I'm waiting with bated
breath for someone has saved me from
this mess I mean I know that I'm an
independent woman blessed to stand on my
two feet and marched in my own drum I'm
not a damsel in distress but I never
said it was painless it rains less on
this side of the last four years but I
still feel fear dripping from the deep
and increases that corner my eyes nearly
70 kilograms worth of me trembles at the
thought that I've pulled the short straw
that other men will only ever i mean my
cellulite thighs and sometimes i smile
cuz i'm trying to hide behind words that
rhyme i don't really know anything
besides the seconds of time that have
passed by and I'm ashamed because
despite every bomb blast war or
injustice it's just this feeling I've
claimed love I say that's certain to
make me cry you had a rope swing in your
backyard tied to a trunk up high that
swung out across the stream and stringy
bark trees to freedom and then swung
back into your arms every single damn
time once you asked me to kiss you when
she was in the room and I turned my head
embarrassed like a blind eye to receive
my abandonment on cue but you were right
she is just like you and I'm forgetful
and forgiving I swear
despite this poem I care about your
suspended truths like in cartoons the
Coyotes gone and flipped on my road
signs but it's ok this time when I run
off the edge of the cliff instead of
trying to stay and scramble I'll take my
leave I'm coming clean
