in the 1800's Chinese miners arrived in
Australia for the gold rush they came
out of the desire to create new lives
new opportunities mines the land for
gold in return Australian mines their
culture porcelain and gold straight from
the source
people in culture possibly diseased up
to boss no fucking recourse pseudo
justice dish out over Twitter discourse
cheap power for your prom dress kimono
Beauty hot mess this is cultural
appreciation it's progress the Lord is
testing me my brothers and sisters we
stand oppressed undressed model minority
picture of immigrant success reaching
for some kind of coexistence the poster
children of cognitive dissonance don't
bother trying to assimilate getting
comfortable with the once you want your
yellow erased getting okay with being
reduced to kpop and anime fuck this
weeaboo foreplay we are just yellow
buddies buddies for your white boys
white films white men bodies for your
consumption bodies to us ways your white
guilt buddies for your Instagram look at
this orphanage I built body in the hands
of a boy who does not see me as a girl
but only as a body buddy crossing your
mind
exotic Mochaccino type of sexual damn
fine I am conquered land to you stripped
bare of my minerals for you Arab
submission for you to bullshit of my
wealth just some earth to be mined I and
not for you I am descended from dragons
I am the children of Fae they can not
take away what is written in my blood
woven on my skin
oh no oh man yet the Laureus am and why
we kissed by the sun honey I've been
told that fortune favors the bold and
baby I am yellow but baby I am gold
