for the people that love people with
depression she says deep breaths
whispers soothing sounds in my spinning
head speak I am choked up with words
like a moment I regurgitate metaphors
made a glass that cut me on the way up
she tells me to go go forced it out or
sit all over the place depression is
deciding who I am without my permission
in its heart pain and maybe or shell has
a talking to get to her five minutes
late on paying is made writing a
biography and taking bets on how it will
end
depression is a take away she is holding
down the parts of me that steal when I
run them under cold water she is a cruel
mistress a direct-to-dvd commentary on
my future she decides if I get one at
all depression is pushing everyone away
it is not me I swear it's not she
doesn't go away when I think positive
thoughts
she is hidden behind them she pulls the
strings like a horrible puppet show her
photo bombs every event no matter how
happy no matter how pristine a smile
like comments are no really I'm having a
good time depression
made me a bad life she is speaking tips
birth on a curling iron checkmate in a
game I will never win
she keeps challenging me anyway I keep
fighting with her anyway she's still
there when I'm happiest I still have
depression last time we said I looked
happy she was sleeping on my couch not
paying anybody living in different
pieces what we tried to make together on
a bathroom floor she's a terrible
housemaid she says makes it to my
parents ignore the phone calls can't
keep a job or a friend or a promise on
the floor of my shower in the back seat
of a poetry slam surrounded by all of
the people gracious enough to love me it
is still there she says take a breath
she keeps pushing and pushing and
pushing and when I'm ready and all my
hometown's I push her back
