when people ask me around from I tell
them punch bowl more often than not they
smile and play no where are you from ice
I roll my eyes in an exponent return say
punch bowl
you know it's near banks town the city
where mouths do not EV the flow of a
welcome in over sixty different tongues
where over 100 nationalities are housed
under one postcode this is my ode to the
only place I know where no one is taught
to go back because everyone understands
this is my ode to home my Australia is
walking through the streets of punch
bowl with the smell of freshly roasted
Lebanese coffee kissing the Asian bakery
is good morning the eucalyptus towers
overhead and the frangipani scent my
breath as we sing the unofficial
national anthem I come from a land down
under living from beat to be bumping
down the streets with to pack on our
tongues and we're headed for the beach
water so unapologetically salty to the
eyes but we take it in our stride
remembering all the lessons at Greenacre
pullin at school when chronology at high
tide my Australia is barbecues or as my
dad still says barbecue me chilling on
the fire
homemade tabbouleh and tomato sauce
pavlova cake and Neffe the perfect
culture and economy and it's not hard to
see no matter our Creed we always rep
our team hashtag Wanderers FC this
country will never be tainted by cafe
sieges we will always write together
from the mountains where the bush fires
rage we stand together down to the shore
where the lifesavers age under that
great Southern Sun my Australia is one
where women wear their sarees and their
colorful hijabs proudly men don't sweat
stain colors like wore badges you can
get the best fur in Sydney
realist Lebanese and Chinese a new Fela
is because no one judges your garlic
better the tabbouleh stuck in your teeth
it is a place where you can get the most
authentic spices in shops where foreign
science sit like George crowns atop
their doors
it is neighbors passing barbecued meat
over the fence and always saying hello
it is all the stoic traditions it is
stoic a community that's been hardened
by media headlines it is targeted it is
judged it is 3:00 a.m. sirens and
perceived thugs but it is also where the
call to prayer
gently interludes with the ringing of
church bells
it is coexistence artistic resistance
like the four elements hip hip hop
festival and the largest poetry slam in
the country it is my dad's voice 25
years on accent thick with resilience
warm like an autumn breeze smelling of
petrol and truck smoke and all the
Forgotten things all those art are in
detainee and the crushed petals that
were once dreams saying to me we are
lucky it's not perfect but it's home it
will never be perfect but it will always
be home my Australia is home when the
rest of the world
there's no
