just great content warning some
references to self-harm yep I know a
girl resulting this shortest person in
the room she barely escapes 5 feet pole
since most of her life looking up at
people because the world and that's what
the crowd once in a while I know one
girl has a ha ha ha conversion she walks
into every room like an empty Cup
waiting to be filled and boy she filled
him I know her God where is his skin
like a jacket she's zippers on her
thighs he tries to open herself up when
things get too warm inside the beige it
always took a blade her skin was the
first time I ever cursed at God because
it was emotional mr. tonin convinces the
oceans apart itself I know a girl this
biggest person in every room she's been
at least five people but she has a
personality like an ocean has never
asked her well perhaps because she knows
she's exactly as cold as she needs to be
learn to wear her skin like a jacket
because she found out the hard way how
cold the world could be so zippers on
her visor because nobody showed that
they were less painful ways of letting
the heat back up again because nobody
had told her she had a reservoir inside
her chest and if I could I would love
all the sharp objects away from her skin
I would wrap her in the mountain
everyone who would never care for anyone
who's been lucky enough to witness how
well she catches the sky I would tell
Moses himself put down my staff is an
ocean if you're prepared to walk around
and you better learn how to swim I know
a girl who loves writing about the color
yellow she wears her skin like a
cardigan these days and Danvers did look
good on her keeps things just warm
enough inside
faint outlines trace advisor zippers
used to press against her skin but she's
not trying to hide those long ago I know
a girl who is the strong
was person in every room she barely
scripts five feet tall but she wears her
waist like victories and every time I
see her I'm reminded that God does exist
and the God promotions on this earth so
that we always have more questions to
ask and God or one of those persons my
friend and I call myself lucky I know a
girl who is often the shortest person in
the room but she walks in like the
brightest summer I have ever seen she
holds out her hands and I see oceans
catching the sky and the Sun and more
than one occasion me
