so basically like everything else in my
life I'm forced to do this by my wife
about three months ago so I I just
wanted to write about how I will never
forget that first day we sat talked
shared beneath the spiritual mistletoe
that we know as thanks town central my
body reflecting the cosmic immensity my
body frozen in your presence from head
to toe my garlic breath permeating deep
into your nose onion and barbecue sauce
run to my woody as I thought about the
many adventures we would have heat meets
beaches and Friday night flee through
Cypress lovers we were as we strolled
arm in arm although you're scared of my
parents and I'm terrified of yours we
can share all our stories outside the
toilet on the city bound platform
whenever you spoke my ears and eyes
transfixed I understood for the first
time what is met when love is compared
to heaven as we stared into each other's
eyes outside that 7-eleven I remember
how you stole my heart took me all in
your moods as I stood motionless
paralyzed by your beauty in my like
tracksuit so my Rapunzel come down from
your tower I cannot that you work
see them together we shall travel to
faraway lands share over the time but I
don't have a car so where would we go to
Dubai the bankstown man so why do you
ask
why don't you even bother to question
whether you or the Navy chick from in
Stars Hollow
you know sometimes what I think of you I
cry and I know that sounds silly but it
could also be because when we share food
you just add way too much chili
astronomers do despite that - sooner or
later I will make you my wife or
princess of Greenacres it will not be a
royal wedding I spent all my money on
these shoes so there it won't be
anything there that sparkles and I know
I don't know Harry but would you be
money good mark
