to get the most out of this poem I'd
encourage really to listen with an open
mind but more importantly with an open
heart when we were young my boys and I
would ride the night like subway surfers
now we write the night ride we'll have a
reckless on the surface three pills deep
breath
boys don't weep huh
one cuts back one bitch muttered some
shit about the absence of a mother drunk
and high I didn't stutter don't be
superficial look beyond the lies read
between the lines and the headlines take
the fucking time to look me in my eyes
excuse my hyper-masculinity insecure
about my emotional for did't seein ya
with volga jamming loud with just a
bunch of fuckin clowns look beyond the
rugged surface my boys and i smartest
fuck we just need a place in purpose
it's of Cairo I'm a stranger streets to
Sydney I'm a danger no place to rest my
head like Jesus Christ where is that
manger why the gangs cuz I've been
roaming I've been alone and my brother's
shoulder bones of the closest thing to
home I've ever known man I'm a porter in
the cockpit diaspora call me Bora if you
can't pronounce my name's I'm trying to
tell my fucking story I'm a shout out so
loud you can't pretend you with mommy
louder than the fucking powder they body
what should we raise my voice and raise
my people put Mount Druitt on the steep
below P below the equal the elected seem
dyslexic so I represent myself for my
family no Prada but they're proud of me
fine for the three
Sabine's and Joaquin to dream in a kiss
Joseph its Josephine
except we Poe like Edgar Allen monster
cars are only talent and P me Marco
polar fuck a Member of Parliament
puppets masquerade as though they
understand us don't you think we know
that you can't fucking stand us I have
to learn my rights just a week of
chilling peace don't like the lease turn
off the silence sometimes we crave the
sound of silence don't look at me like I
need civilizing you can't colonize my
soul muthafucka Ryan elegant and
eloquent bordering on Heaven Sent angel
shining ever vessel watch the throne we
are only present in this booth I am the
youth my very presence is the truth
Pauline pushing segregation Paula
pushing education free my brother's
Liberator no more pushing we've upgraded
turning ignorant to love like water to
wine we are the Roses that gruesome
concrete and on two o'clock we will
shine
