hi Hawaii today nope all I said was
hello do you work here
yes huh good no you don't have free
Wi-Fi I can't control that you can't
relieve yourself of that device of mass
destruction even just to fulfill your
role as the customer feeling supposed
satisfaction so no we don't I'm gonna
need to speak to your manager so they
can say the same thing as me but get
paid more to do it sure it's not
scanning that must mean it's free ah ha
ha ha no just because you're the buyer
doesn't make you my better Mia
stop that you're embarrassing mommy Mia
put that down Mia oh and that's not
broken spending days in a
climate-controlled hamster wheel
we're buying things as a sport and you
can disregard my being and now for the
opening event of the tween SHOP Olympics
first up we have how many mecha price
lens Sephora bags can you fit on each
finger and later today we'll be covering
the competitive hnm sales rack speed
challenge we shot them young and Tatian
they the things they acquire more than
the things that inspire them one day
little ones you'll own your very own
credit card and you can go looking for
fulfillment in sales dockets these
shelves are our home turf mistresses of
a mystical out the back where you think
we keep everything you could ever want
also if the doors are closing yes we are
closed now if you work in retail you may
not agree but sometimes just speaking to
people to real people that's my retail
therapy more than the squawk of plastic
hangers the dirge of pram trapped
children oh my god I can't believe they
make them wear that like it is so hard
today on you like so hot in that
honey I'm hot all the time
I see you shame and shackles on your
ankles slave to product placement I'm
done being patient some of us want the
numbness of shiny new things want more
than we need need less than we admit dry
your tears twice as fast with tissues
twice as absorbent on sale today and
although there is so much to hate we're
all part of this tempest we've worked to
create with so many items at an unfair
tax rate adding to the news I wish I
could fabricate we still would not leave
I have a friend let's call her killer
braids let's call her no you can't touch
my hair let's call her resilience I want
to be there when she forgives the
customer who asks to speak to someone
else they mean the white boy again and
again when she gets caught up for being
too loud let's call her the cadence you
wish you had in your walk the music you
wish you had in your voice let's call
her you have no idea what history's
these bones have carried let's call her
the customers not always right if the
customer is racist defending our rights
we write for the rest the never
voiceless just too exhausted but then
this woman smells hurt orders ghosts in
my shop puts glitter on her grave every
year so I cried on a daughter this
stranger and she thanked me and said it
was time her life smelled like smiles
again we understand the weight of our
work so no you can't touch her hair
don't ask her if she's hot in that like
you care try being just a little kind
you can ignore us all day we'll still
choose this day
