I had to learn to love where I was from
from the shovel of Lebanon to the France
of banks down to the depths of my
mother's words to play the game of
keeping my dignity while I'm not
fulfilling the role of the angry Arab
stereotype you so want me to play to the
firm that I won't turn down my skin tone
so that I may blend in with your
classroom photos because when I speak I
don't have the accent or at least not as
much as the rest of them at least I'm
not as rough around the edges because I
trim my beard I don't wear my cultural
gear and when I tell you the proper way
to stay for laughing it falls on deaf
ears because of my lightest skin despite
my ethnic origins I'm easier to swallow
to consume a walking talking confetti of
culture pristinely packaged for you to
tell your friends look I caught one too
like I'm your Pokemon you're fun
size diversity package keep my identity
in your pocket till you pull it out when
it suits you really don't understand
what discrimination feels like how it
tastes bitter
on your tongue like biting on the
forbidden Apple much like Snow White's
evil stepmom you'd the problem
disguising yourself as a solution you
truly do still desire to be the fairest
of them all even when you want these
melanin features it only looked sexy on
ivory skin big butts look disgusting on
us but they look
sexy on Kim bullets too much but when
Kylie doesn't it's trending if my
identity was a commodity it would be the
Froyo flavor open month take what you
want
strip the persecution away like a manic
and paper mache and control the body
into the shape that you please that you
so need to have strip it of the language
of the oppression the discrimination the
history to all that you have are the
superficial symbols that they represent
but know that when you walk down these
streets we all can see
