my husband EP you sure I recently came
back from visiting my father's soul and
so so thank you finally one of my
writer's block from that trip I got lost
in the streets stuck between tattered
buildings trying to stitch themselves
together like mama LeDoux my child I got
high on the fumes of cremated hopes in
the air above buried dreams of top of
memorialized models of their perpetual
remembrance eternally shown on the old
ladies in constant black I'll see their
faces edged with discipline lies like
their sons at war bespoke hence the
cheeked up the sounds of gunshots
celebrating or wetting down the street a
wedding their sons never got to meet and
yet they welcomed me a homesick bar to
the land with swelling tea you say you
would have been perfect for my boy
sounds so tainted but is the highest of
compliments are totally our city the
other would have been mine but there
isn't much I can do besides write these
words down for you and this land in
hopes of showing my yearning to be a
part of it I'm estranged with my mother
left the land of my mother the land of
my father trading in his footsteps just
to feel his presence the game calls of
Prayer sound in the early mornings of my
early morning rituals to call for help
nothing a hot tea
this Earth's roots can't sue I'll spit
on you snore crepe instead taking sweeps
of my teeny and puffs of my education
one of the my one neighbors pour into
the yard like grandma calls tea for one
two thirty three strangers becoming
family before the pop turned cold and
for a bittersweet moment I feel at home
they tell me I remember your father he
used to help my family you have these
eyes that your mother's smiling
jealous mama become Drake the arms over
my shoulders means smile and say my
daughter will always be more beautiful
than me she has in her eyes the
reflection of the cedar trees and her
smile smiles for her family so upon
parting ways there is no better welcome
than these welcoming Sam
so I say until next time my homeland the
cedars reply ahem
