this is the Molly and Thomas yeah you
chill it's fine that be a time to look
straight at the camera so you can show
this to your mother my primary school
had a teacher that loves to blow little
pieces of dandelions and watch them
drift away she never seemed to have any
other free time told us all she needed
was a moment with each of us so she
taught us to hold that moment in our
hands and cup it like it might drizzle
out if we weren't careful hold it tight
for 13 years and when you let it go it
will fly from your hand like the same
dandelion each moment of my education
flew out of me like pollen bursting out
of my pores and planning itself along
the road my life would someday take I
never thought I'd go back to school now
I wish I was there to dedicate dedicate
every spare second I have to help
pollinate the classrooms and they hope
to grow or at least that's what some
politicians would have you know I'm sick
of hearing all the about the
education system from people who have no
background in education like you can't
pull the wool over this girl's eyes I
grew up surrounded by sheep farm wool as
far as you I can see don't think for a
second you can fool me politicians who
aren't teachers have no right I'm taking
on behalf of teachers like the
educational system doesn't have time for
your opinions sure there are always
problems that need to be fixed but
segregating kids who are on the spectrum
is not the way to do this
I wouldn't call myself an egg but in a
million years but at least I do my
research and learn from my peers
standing up in front of kids and telling
them they are lesser is not the way to
save time let me explain it's better
Maps is not always the most important
part of the curriculum one nation to
nation 3 nation what's this occasion we
are pulling kids out of mainstream
education in order to stop holding our
kids back hold our kids back do you want
to be responsible for that it's not then
someone's got to be responsible we all
got to hold someone accountable
discrimination is something we're all
knowing how to talk about it is not
something we learn on our own
I'm really halfway to being a teacher
and anger at that now I'm not one to
name names because unlike others I don't
want to place blame that someone wants
to blame our children our most
vulnerable for not learning fast enough
for holding everybody back for taking
that extra moment to grip our education
before it escapes after 13 years I think
if you met my primary school teacher she
might teach you a few things to slow
down pauline take a moment to call away
pieces of a dandelion you would have
never got to hold a boy and maybe you'll
learn something and maybe that would be
something I'd be happy to be responsible
for
