this is titled daddy's essence and Lord
forgive me for I can't sing so here we
go
came into this world daddy's little girl
daddy made a soldier out of me daddy
made a soldier out of me my father my
father didn't teach me many lessons but
that'll never let him lessen his father
ego my father never taught me how to
ride a bike never heard about my
schoolyard fights never cried in delight
at my presentation days my graduation
days my formal days my father never let
me step on his toes to learn the tango
never taught me all the ways to let that
man go never put band-aids on my elbows
my father didn't teach me many lessons
didn't have a fatherly presence didn't
have answers to my questions my father
left me looking for him he could
probably give your father a run for his
money in hide and seek you see my father
leaves me counting to infinity I'm kind
of scared to peak because I know with
his deadbeat dad mistake that the
chances of actually finding him are
pretty bleak in fact sometimes I feel
like though I feel like life has made me
a meme hey char how do you spell dad g
om e in fact I got a tat of my dad on my
forearm it's just like him you'll see it
eventually call me Luke Skywalker
when will my father claim me he'll my
father has never spelled the name he
gave me right that's why I stumble when
I write my name on a page that's why I
stumble with my words on this stage
that's why I write to be right for once
in my life you see my father didn't
teach me many lessons
but he taught me to be patient he taught
me that sometimes my love will never be
reciprocated told me that I can be too
much too much daughter too much woman
too much love too damn much my father
taught me to be unapologetic for me
angry for me lateness for me excuses
taught me really bad excuses like a baby
I'm sick like I can't hear the ticks of
a car ignition in the background my
father taught me to pretend for me what
it's like to be in second place and
still act like I won the race my father
taught me denial but unlike him I guess
I can admit when I'm wrong
so I guess my father taught me many
lessons and I know nothing will lessen
his father ego you see I came into this
world daddy's little girl and daddy made
a soldier out of me
