boys don't cry but let's be frank our
sons our daily drowning in the oceans of
masculine silence and boys don't cry
just means that boys do die not all
stacks of fun the male rate of suicide
is three to one and let me tell you why
because at the tender age of five
freshly stung by being hive I could not
divine that my hero my king and father
my barber could tell a lie
voila he bellowed as he stood towering
you are not a fucking coward so why are
you cowering wipe your tears men don't
have to be as I wipe my tears ashamed
and scared because barber said I ain't a
man since then my tears ain't seen the
light of day always got to be joyous gay
but God forbid my son be gay what the
fuck would Jesus say not all facts are
fun a boys tears are betrothed to his
pillows but years beneath the star so
bright so meek I stood and they could
fool to weep but I am wiser now I've
learned that man is most like animal
when you bruised his ego and the boys
that never cried it became the men that
beat their wives because why would they
give in you taught them weakness with a
thin so black boy don't bruise that
officer's ego because ain't we've seen
the brutal white treatment of heroes
they trigger-happy and guns as lethal
each night it's blood on the pavement
another sequel and ain't Netflix the
shit we're so deep in this shit each
night I lay my head down aboard with
wounded wings I long to sing with a
murdered melanin king let freedom ring
let freedom ring let freedom ring but
Lady Liberty lies and so the innocence
die have you ever wept with a mother in
a Syrian Street apple of her eye newly
deceased what is patriotism
other who has lost her son war is
primitive when will we evolve I'm
dreaming of resolution to those white
men in suits even deserve an absolution
all I know is the revolutions got to
pump from within and so I stand and
proclaim without a shadow of shame that
I am a man and I feel so much I am a man
and I stand vulnerable for vulnerability
take strength I am a man and I reach
through poetry for bravery and silence
are never synonymous don't you
understand I am a man and sometimes
these tears I weep are a testament to my
resilience and the failure of your
repression because boys don't cry men do
when will we cease to misconstrue the
harm we do watching our sons to dress in
blue and don't you ever dare to ask me
Paula why you got the blues
because motherfucker it was you
