shoofly what don't bother me shoo fly
don't bother me shoo fly don't bother me
cuz I want o company because I'm still
trying to make peace with the beans the
same ones to keep buzzing on about being
free the ones do what you bothered about
being the bee's knees they forgot about
the beans needs remained s to the bean
fries about the BBC fatigue detrimental
to health the B's hospital fees after
the unpaid death of the beast college
degree to pay dr. training from the B's
university that crammed educational
magnanimity in a bolide indentured
spikey in slaves to the pain rate of an
expired Queens molecule but how does I
still cut to be and arm and well Annie
legless they run with wings pinned back
wings they have never even known this is
to hide my mentality of the unwilling
drones so why do you feel as though you
can relate surfing through the interwebs
unable to escape but once again you
would suck at work til a snail tired
bored and unbothered to certain aid you
find yourself prey to the mass debate
about witches of millions of 30-minute
videos you watch for about 30 seconds or
do self satiate so why my friend do you
feel as though you can relate you see we
live in beautiful peril
I mean what time the system attempts to
bailout another one by applying extra
interest to with depth because they are
an alphabet short on their credit run
the world's economies bank on bankruptcy
and then they plant stuff is still
gained by taking on dismal depth in vain
let me to publicly share their burden
sell short and their future earnings and
to corporate balance who market their
green without a shame by offering up
self fulfilling prophecies sold by
self-proclaimed Pharisees whose eyes
renew annually as their products by
constantly to make way for next year's
brand new smarty which develop the
technology that certainly transcended
expectedly but still suffers from
shoulderless country impermanence has
defined this world of taking consuming
and self gratifying in editing wicked
learn from the beam whose careful
expertise produces the only consumable
item that may actually last for an
eternity truly honey is a wonder of the
age the original embrace feel the nectar
of the Gods the wine of the pauper and
the purple likely have the one thing
that can cause honey the spoil is the
very essence of life water and thanks to
our own atmosphere actually found me we
may witness our own oceans drowning as
we sit back and read about it
feign dismay or small streams hit like
hashtags disavow at the Mundell s
indignantly
still allow it and strange as it may
seem
but these angry waters when mixed with
oil make campfires that keep our
democratically elected Liars warm in the
Twilight hours within the vault solar
cells constructed from the stairs of the
certain powers what world worthy they
brought mock life in essence but Greek
ostentation an excess mine from desert
steppe bore roots whose seeds grew
nations but germinated war as economic
perilous beat their chests and political
spheres where up the institutional raw
claiming the sense of people but all the
miles exploiting the poor and taking for
granted that the masses would hear their
call to sing the best science and media
system genuine funeral had sweat stop
building crops in Bangladesh and drug
babies water up and Turkish people
thought but alas he was well fed and
will drip so apparently it was his
parents greed for a European life that
saw him dead
that little Euroskeptic politicians
they're outraged or not what were you
doing when all was said and done
catching up on The Bachelor
or which MasterChef competitor had been
central deciding on week's new
celebrities let's take the download
googling which of the latest
over-sexualized music videos apparently
support the feminists to and fro
watching another fertile house being
renovated without its owners even
needing to know checking up on which
Real Housewives called another a home or
listing to the last fall on another
stupid mindless talent show when will
you will realize that as you make time
to watch their lives you're only wasting
your own we certainly do live in
beautiful Paris and quite frankly you
have time for flies that stick to the
walls of these manually constructed
boxes we call home
while the bees continue to work for
brain-dead drones who could let their
rights a long time ago so shoo fly don't
bother me shoo fly don't bother me shoo
flies do not bother me because I don't
want your capitalistic your exploitable
ego whiskey cannibalistic an
environmental istic myristic
miscegenation anomalistic homophobic
racist bigoted fundamentalists of
criminally carcinogenic Pharma freaking
certified encompass tearing we're
altering divorcing and proper wise to
professionalize pathetic most of organic
symbolic demonic economic gastronomic
ludus losing irreverent
ignorant uneducated cheap offensive
make-believe Hollywood McDonald eyes
laissez-faire mark is written child
traffic sex place website
