in this in expressway I reference this
Palestinian poll called Mahmoud Darwish
it's not a poem about Palestine but I
just reference him so I thought I just
you know like shout out some Ahmed
Edwards I think that wish said I do not
sleep to dream I sleep to forget you I
think he also would have said that we do
not just write for pleasure we bleed
these words to purge to forget or
remember I will remember mama taught me
to remember mama also said we do not
have friends in this house and it took
me 15 years to know that what she meant
is we will only ever have family
brothers in faith sisters in calamity my
slam early barber showed me that yes
water is thinner but sometimes blood is
too thick to swallow down water kept me
up right when I was about to drown my
sisters taught me that the fire within
me was not anyone's to ever put out and
such do get lonely too but we will
always be soldiers my mother taught me
to pity soldiers my faith has taught me
what it meant to really be a soldier my
judo taught me war I don't know how he
did it but he also taught me how to
yield tenderness in that hands he also
taught me that there is such thing as a
good man men have taught me to feel
disgusted at the thought of any woman
ever loving herself men taught me
insecurities insecurities fed me my
first licks of anxiety a long time ago
when I didn't know what if what I was
saying was ever right it's left a bad
taste in my mouth and made me the
quietest loud person ever I've never
felt so sure like I have when riding in
rows when painting my world in poetry
and prose I do not just write for
pleasure
I believe these words to purge I
remember that there wish also said and
screamed that you may know your
still alive in that life on this earth
as possible this is my screaming I am
still alive I will remember I will
survive
I was asked recently if my fashion was
old-school inspired I automatically
became confused was at the color of my
hijab or the style of my shoes Becky
with the good hair better back it up
with an excuse she said why do you wear
that scarf around your neck it's sort of
old-fashioned I didn't know what she was
talking about but she looks scared of my
reaction oh you mean this I asked she
didn't stay for long had to go to her
next class
you see I brought this out because it
does get cold sometimes but how do I
tell her that it's been winter in Syria
for a very long time that there's been
rough for 69 years in the occupied lands
of Palestine blood too has stained the
snow-capped mountains of Lebanon since
the dawn of my time that you've tried to
make our resistance beautiful that
you've tried to make our freedom
beautiful that this cold is never
beautiful stop making al cafe is your
version of beautiful stop making our
beautiful expired our beautiful has
always been something your people have
admired swallow our beautiful up but
spit us out it's time that you knew that
Alka Sayers are the stitches of our
resistance against youth the Alka
failures are the love their revolution
can't be spelled without they always ask
me where I'm from and I struggle to tell
them that eyes and Cesar on eucalyptus
lands are I am from the land well one
day consume our bodies Six Feet Under
that I am from the land that today
consumes me because it makes me wish
that I was six feet under that I am
transplanted hearts in rejecting bodies
that I wish you knew that I am somebody
that I am a rose in the barrel of an
k47 and i am inspired because I am only
ever exotically desired and only as I
really requires to fill a quota they
asked me where I'm from and I told them
that I am fully sick what they don't
know is that I am also fully sick and
tired of people seeing this page AB this
melanin this name I tell them where I'm
from but all I get in response these
hipsters trying to claim my sub bully my
hummus my friend laughing you will
gladly swallow up our culture but speak
me out because I make you uncomfortable
because I am just as Australian as you
are and just as immigrant as you are but
you are still uncertain of where I'm
from they asked me where I'm from when I
told them that my first breath of air
was in a hospital rooms on Eldridge Road
in banks down that my foundation I
smoked up Lebanese mountains and the
rest of me you've only just perish a
blue I tell them that my first breath of
air should have been Mediterranean Sea
sand and stars but you pillaged my land
and then let people like Peter Dutton
can play el flee from your terror with
terrorism so now I can only see the
stars from afar they tell me it's cloudy
because I live in the city I tell them
that I can't see the stars from here
because you close my curtains every
night I guess it's really just because
I'm not white they ask me where I'm from
and I tell them that I live on the red
land this land makes me feel so alone
but I somehow still call Australia home
now just before just before I like rough
this whatever this is up I'm so grateful
to be on the stage tonight you know this
stage so many of my inspirations have
stood before me here so said left um so
just before I start this I always feel
like I'm riding in this riding this like
constant circle of I'm going to write
but I want to try and be different but
then I got stuck in writers love because
it so has made a difference to be
different like from what I usually write
and I think it's because like it's hard
to write what I don't know and all I
know is that my existence in this
country is political and so many of
yours are so I'm going back back to
where we started back to where I came
from back to my foundations back to
revolution back to revolution ain't no
revolution without woman ain't no
revolution in this man's man's man's
world without woman the woe of men the
burden of creation we are the givers of
the next generation we are the Queen's
of the nation I am no longer
assimilation I am innovation in a no
revolution without woman the words I
yelled out and repeated on balls how can
they not see that this world will not
heal without us all in all with a peace
sign in one hand and a pen in the other
I shall write this down because in flesh
we are brothers don't ever think of my
melanin at the tone for melancholy and
don't you dare think of my womanhood
detrimental II I should never have to
justify what happens in the streets and
don't you ever tell me that I don't
dress for me and for God's sake as
the woman I never won pity I just want
an apology for all that they've wronged
me because I am power and I will bloom
and I convert the revolution in this
very room
television and film has taught my
sisters and I that they don't want us to
know heed this for El misrepresentation
is annihilation then this very
conversation is a cry of desperation and
demonstration of resistance on how a
world built on injustice is the world
that is poor see you better believe me
when I say that my very words are a
revolution in this ending this war for
my mother's veiled mine nurtured mine
before they could a songbird never heard
emerging from these burning brilliant
ashes in a plume of resilient red she
drove away the centers who could not see
for I am she and she is me so I a
civilian a martyr I call again for our
revolution out in sea father I plead for
you to read to respond to sing along -
despite songs so strong for you to take
a look at this earth so sick and
diseased that the life lost because
others mislead we must intercede for our
distorted bodies can only be healed with
one solution and is for everyone to
finally recognize that ain't no
revolution with our woman
