running banks down what understand is
called let me just tell you that mullahs
and readies tight shirts tank tops and
town bodies guys checking out those
hottie easy cheesy combos guys relax
legs and guys with like smanos wearing a
button-up polo Sheik screaming out Yolo
and you know them girls without laugh
though which equals a because last week
not happily ever after well he thinks
he's the headmaster talking like a bull
semen oh my God he's such a son now when
they barely know each other or her
mother and father hey them guys call my
son believe me bro she's easy and her
girlfriends co-host lobbying to
her she thinks that very funny using
guys for free credit and extra money he
calls her my lb she causing my happy be
she says she loves him a million times
he gets the flowers on Valentine's she
plays it to her even though the people
stare she doesn't really care just as
long as she's nowhere but we can right
there because she's accustomed to this
there's returned back by her glare its
complete as you've a some would say we
don't help them from going astray
inside this mine their own way but not
when they go outside to play they fight
and swear an actual gangster year but
when they're in trouble they say their
it care we don't know their stories
those who've been through the mystic
violence and getting done by cops and
all the things that we thought are wrong
we don't know them we judge the
