sixteen years old I want to see how fast
I could go start stop on a stopwatch I'd
spend hours trying to work up the speed
going click click click click until I
had it down to two hundredths of a
second my thumb moves so fast that I
felt like a lightning click click when I
was 23 years old I wrote a poem called
stop what is enlightening because I kind
of like the sound of that title but
unsurprisingly it ended up being another
poem about you unsurprisingly this poem
right here is just another poem about
you I thought I was done with this but
click click I be writing poems about you
if as long as I've been playing that
game with a stopwatch it make me feel
kind of like a 16 year old kid with a
stopwatch click click
I feel like lightning there's a tumor in
my chest that Google tells me is
something called a heart though I think
you must have tampered with mine because
it goes click click whenever I see you
the tumor in my chest goes click click
whenever I see or hear your name I
thought I'd cut it out years ago but I
told you a joke the other night and you
smiled and click click there it goes
again this love is like a Hydra every
time I cut it off it grows back twice as
much the doctor tells me that I've got a
case of you symptoms may include a
tendency for overly dramatic statements
symptoms may include converting the
years in today's because saying 3252
sounds so much more dramatic than simply
saying almost nine years symptoms may
include just about anything really we're
not really sure it's been so long now
it's been playing their game with a
stopwatch for so long now no one can
really remember if the click-click in
his chest always sounded that way
symptoms may include writing poems about
you symptoms may include a little click
click you know that I've always been the
all-or-nothing type so as always either
all of you or nothing of anyone as a 16
year old kid asked you to have lunch
with me and you said yes and my heart
went click click this love is like a
Hydra it comes back every time with
twice as many teeth I should have lunch
with me but you dug your teeth into me
instead please be gentle missus 16 year
old kid playing with a stopwatch I want
to ask you to make me feel like
lightning click click I promised myself
that I was done writing poems about you
but all my attempts to turn you into
literature keep falling short I promised
myself I was done falling back in love
with you but I'm really good at it I've
done it so many times now I've got it
even faster than my fastest click click
I had a dream that I wrote you a poem
far far better than this one in that
dream you were listening and everything
was just stopwatches and lightning
Thunderbolts and lightning very very
frightening me
Aleya Galileo Galileo Figaro Magnifico
I'm just the poor boy tell me that you
love me he's just a poor boy this Hydra
is his family spare him his heart from
this click clicking monstrosity thank
you
