I was at uni and I talked to a first
year he was 18 years old fresh out of
the selective school that I was expelled
from I asked him what he studies
Commerce do you like it I hate it quit
while want a job go work the McDonald's
or what an income get on send a link but
everyone else from high school is coming
in commerce if everyone else from high
school jumped off the Harbour Bridge how
long has your degree three years imagine
a trough a feeding trough that is three
years long and is full of you have
a teaspoon put down the TSP it's easy as
ABC Australian born Chinese it is easy
as 123 three years to get a job one
doesn't like I think Chinese kids are
like racing greyhounds but instead of
money riding on their backs it's the
hopes and dreams fears and worries of
migrant parents who worked such hard
lives for their children wouldn't have
to and sometimes a child can't carry
that inside them my high school ranked
second in the state that year and there
was only one suicide children who grew
up in cages only to run races next grade
next award next achievement will run
past life I used to be a young boy with
a voice as high as my self-esteem was
low I used to be a greyhound who became
too tired to run I broke down much like
this metaphor because when a greyhound
breaks down it won't tried to put itself
down because I wasn't a greyhound I was
a scared boy who just wanted to slow
down so I walked away from that life I'm
now a man with dreams of high as my
voice is low I play with other dogs now
go doggies
one day I'll be dead and before that I'd
like to have had a good run
