videogame look I know what you're
thinking you're cooking 25 years see I
spent the first eight just admiring the
graphics I spent the next 10 years
trying to figure out the controls like
why would I press this button right here
does it hurt
I spent the next seven trying to collect
everything how many friends I need to
unlock the happiness level
how many hobbies don't need to purchase
contentment where do i purchase
contentment perhaps I missed that part
of the tutorial level can I go back to
tutorial please I'm not ready to level
up what level to have to be for
contentment anyway the instructions on
this game weren't very clear where's my
objective marker was I supposed to get
like an arrow or something just point me
in the right direction tell me how far
away I am because I don't know where I
meant to go the instructions on this
game weren't very clear like my money
back please never mention of decisions
you made at the beginning could affect
things later on I didn't realize it
control I thought this was a cutscene I
was still admiring the graphics this
isn't the game that was advertised I
think you must have given me the wrong
one salesman to be on level 25 by now
but I keep getting stuck I think this
much must be a glitch I think I must be
a glitch because they never showed this
part in the trailer they never told me
about this part looks so much easier
when that guy on YouTube was playing it
where's the pause button and how do I
adjust the difficulty settings I think I
must have accidentally clicked X
purposely I'm no expert I never played
this game before I keep dying and I
don't know how many lives I have left
can I just get my money back please all
I wanted to do was in my other graphics
more why don't I admire the graphics
more I wish I'd mire the graphics more
why does this boss look exactly like my
anxiety why do these controls feel like
my anxiety why is my character's name
anxiety or why couldn't this be a video
game I'm good at those thank you
