I am your true Shepherd I will lead you
there beside still waters come and meet
me in the middle of the air I will meet
you in the middle of the air i'll lay
you down posture screening when i was a
kid i thought falling in love how alone
i will make them anything name it Lord
is gracious our bodies were a mountain
Tom to me skyline the middle of the air
a tattoo of a piece of New Zealand on my
shoulder to know I can always have
something beautiful to smile at when I
look backwards in the mirror this room
there's a lot like newzealand feels like
mountainous hills and crystal blue water
all of this everything is so
breathtaking there is nothing man-made
for thousands of kilometers but ashphalt
and car and sunshine breathing through
the wind blowing us along winding roads
from tourist spot to tourist spot and
radio stations and terrible sing-alongs
my heart belongs to New Zealand it
belongs in these days agreeing that you
can't really distinguish between waves
or rolling grassy space i am a tiny
giant and i see this entire world from
this car and i am a small
small can be my heart belongs to you
Zealand it belongs to a stage in
Christchurch a mountain in Auckland an
airport bar this heart belongs to this
space this vast space this already
dented tiny car that my tiny patchwork
family squeezes into the backseat of we
are close enough to share our words we
argue and speed around corners and love
one another for ten days straight and I
wouldn't change it for the world my
heart belongs to this mosaic family we
are all ripped from different pieces of
cloth that I come together like a
fragmented piece of art we hanging on
the wall in Auckland art gallery next to
the other piece of my heart that belongs
on these walls I tattoo a piece of New
Zealand on my back so that I will always
have something beautiful to smile app
when I look backwards in the mirror but
more importantly when I walk away from
this
they will all see a piece of my heart
lost somewhere in New Zealand in my
house you'll do well forever or you
shall not want for care surely goodness
and mercy will follow you come and meet
me in the middle of the air why we'll
meet you in the middle of the air
