I'm not a grandmother yes thankfully um
but I have a mother and my son inspired
this poem so I have a couple friends who
are expecting their first babies any day
now and since I was there in their
position 17 years ago they keep asking
me for advice so let me try I know you
have an ever-growing list of questions
about how to be a good parent you've
read the books on everything from sleep
training to natural birthing you
actively avoid soft cheeses and
processed meats and you talk to her
doctor about breastfeeding and birthing
plans but none of this truly prepares
you for Parenthood no one tells you how
you'll try to raise your child to eat a
variety of foods from me Goering and
Malaysia to fondue in Switzerland but
then one day with lowered expectations
you'll take him to a Mexican restaurant
in Sydney and you won't understand his
horror at reading the menu until you
realize your child has confused and
shilada for a kid now
no one tells you how you'll teach your
child to be politically active from
young age you'll explain to him why
you're on strike and he'll play
solidarity forever on his trumpet
outside your Vice Chancellors office um
when he's 10
you'll take him to see Noam Chomsky and
he'll be really bored by the talk of
industrial capitalism and libertarian
socialism if you tell him that one day
he will thank you and no one tells you
how you'll try to teach your child to be
inquisitive and to ask questions and one
day he'll find himself in a year five
sex ed class and he'll be staring at a
diagram and confusion but because you
told him there's no such thing as a
stupid question
he'll bravely raise his hand and say sir
what's an anus and you realize you have
failed as a parent because you always
called it a butt and no one tells you
how yo child will have a sleepover for
his birthday one year then a couple
weeks later you'll find yourself in a
doctor's office we realize that in
addition to birthday presents his
friends brought over at nits and scabies
but then you'll confuse scabies for
scurvy and you'll mentally berate
yourself for not buying more citrus
fruit no one tells you how you'll try to
raise a good feminist and he'll talk to
your child about packing his invisible
knapsack and understanding privilege one
day you'll overhear him talking to a
transgender friend about his own
positionality as a cisgender white male
but you'll still have to explain to him
why he can't buy that shirt from culture
Kings that says bow down bitches
no one tells you how your triumphs and
your failures as a parent will be
realized in the small in-between moments
and no one tells you how you must accept
your child for who they are and said who
you accepted them to be and don't tells
you how your heart will be laid bare on
a daily basis and no one tells you how
from the moment your child enters a
world and you grasp that tiny slippery
body to your own you will spend the rest
of your life
learning how to let go
