I was inspired to finish writing this
from a workshop early BC with a milk and
banks sample chisaem runs monthly
workshops every month so check it out
they're super super awesome d-stick
senior on me
don't pop that pimple do sixteen-year on
me stop chasing that guy no seriously
don't pop that pimple
it really does leave scars see 16 year
on me stop chasing that other guy he may
have a sixth I can be into core music
now but he ends up addicted to six-packs
dealing drugs and obsessed with really
bad dubstep see 16 year old me don't
worry about what really bad dubstep is
right now just keep vibing to the
strings and snares that make you happy
remove Led Zeppelin they laugh at you
now but they'll be buying their shirts
in JJ's amenities these 16 you're on me
your teachers are humans to be nice to
them you want to be one one day on that
note stop hatin poetry
you'll start performing it in time no
keep eatin poetry so you'll be inspired
to spit fire and bring tired poetry
alive dear sixteen-year-old me I've
learned your curriculum there's more to
life than the colonial stories out soul
more history of us untold these sixteen
year old me learn your history take
pride in the roots that raise your roses
learn the language that laughs on the
lips of your grandparents these sixteen
year old me visit your grandparents
savour every spoonful of your Nana's
pill of like it's your last
it'll do you know it will soon be your
last ask questions about their life
maybe this poem wouldn't be so long dear
sixteen-year-old me it's okay to read
Harry Potter again
all right now it's magic is the realest
thing you notice 16 year old Mireille
will come in a way you have no idea now
real friends real aspirations real love
by God a real love will come barging
through your door welcome it
the doorbell is already ringing eg
sixteen year old me answer the door let
yourself in the real you is waiting to
be loved you sixteen year old me stop
worrying stop stopping stop listening to
people to tell you what to do especially
if they claim to be a wiser version of
your older self do sixteen year old men
you keep dreaming keep questioning keep
keeping I know it's not so simple but I
assure you the only thing you need to do
right now is to please don't pop that
pimple
