thank you he said thank you for their
sharing the stories of our people as
though I had a right having never lived
under the constant strain a fight or
flight as though I had expressed
something his own local courts could not
wrap themselves around have you been
back to the motherland
I asked yes he replied in 2009 when the
Israeli Defense Force around my brother
over he was standing at a checkpoint
waiting to go to work when they drove
straight over him like he wasn't my
brother like he didn't have his own
family like he wasn't a human being
like he didn't even exist I imagine his
brother's vocal cords stretch them
snapped blood spurting from mouth his
tire pushes into neck
this man's vocal cords get tangled now a
strangled sigh as he closes his eyes to
stop tears falling he won't cry in front
of me strangers though our blood stems
from the same ancestors and historical
tree I can't put my hand on his shoulder
me a young woman him an old man is too
much to stop us too little between us
just some words I wrapped my vocal cords
around
I turned to give him privacy in his
grief and listen as he shuffles away I
want to turn back and say those
perpetrators of violence use their vocal
cords to lie they have no humanity left
so whilst your brother is dead and many
others too we have to use what voice is
left to spread the truth he doesn't want
to hear that he knows it already Who am
I but an impostor in his sorrow these
vocal chords of mine are too often
prostrate incompetent
confronted by a pain that stretches over
multiple generations of genocide later
he will pack far too many sweets into
containers and give them to me finally
we will have permission to touch
momentarily as our fingers brush without
eye contact he asks if I've ever been
there no but it calls it calls even
though it's vocal cords have been
severed by decades of violent occupation
the world calls it a war because it's
vocal cords boy utter the words murder
I hear the collective clamor of vocal
cords resisting knowing that their
voices rise through me my ancestors gave
me this battle cry so whilst my own
vocal cords remain free I am obligated
to tell their stories in the world it is
obligated to listen then join in until
all our vocal cords chant in unison for
a new history to be written
