I'm really sorry
I wanted to die so I imagined the floor
was a collection plate for the ferryman
and of do coins of my fair
I lay across our I shot and dreamed my
bed as a cockpit something to die I
decided that I'd wasted enough of the
world's time and probably took the
phrase get busy living or get busy dying
a little too much to heart I wanted to
see the world but with only a pen at a
page i decided to create my own between
blue veins contain of an a portion and
for a while showing that we live from
behind a mic was the most alive I could
be I wanted to live so I wrote my pole
so I worked my death wishes in a book
with a spine because someone had to have
one and it definitely wasn't me I wanted
to live but living and loving two
different things I wanted to be loved so
I attached myself to her stayed up
nights trying to write poems in her
honor but ultimately let the page is
empty I sought to me to myself I want it
to be fixed but left the hard way that
she she wasn't my fix I wanted to be
home because I said home is where the
heart is and I hadn't felt my bait until
it started beating me up and I thought
that was normal because under the roof
that raised me raising fists and voices
want me Joyce is so if I was her I must
have been doing something right right I
want it to be all right so I told the
world to go itself decided I'd take
all the time I damn well pleased and
didn't give a if to death I was at
ease it was high time I appeased myself
i wanted i wanted i wanted i wanted i
wanted not to want so much anymore so I
cost wonder where I learned to see the
world
to live in it I'm still searching for
home everywhere I go and still learning
to love myself but I'm trying I learned
to feel there's something genuinely
peculiar about feeling a lack of regret
it tenses the muscles hold firms the
heart its stomach flipping it's someone
new she showed me her music up time
today it ticked to the tune of here
comes the sun and I'll be honest I've
heard nothing but the Beatles ever since
thank you
