I had an accident slipped and fell my
heart chuck between a rock and a hard
place
you were my rock and I know that sounds
a romantic it sounds ideal as it should
be you were my rock and you were the
rock that trapped me in this impossible
situation you were my rock unexpected
boat a sudden surge of pain you were my
rock and you were my hopelessness left
without a choice but to fall for you I
was in pain and terrified convinced
myself it didn't matter I knew the risks
I willingly chose to go climbing through
your crevices the depths of your
insecurities two broken people trying to
heal each other
pouring our love into each other's
cracks because we were just so for
disasters I willingly chose to explore
the wilderness of your mind body and
soul to give myself to you to our
adventure I willingly chose our
impossible situation to hold on because
we know how stubborn I get when I'm
challenged everything about you hurt but
there is something beautiful about
falling for the tragedy of something
that'll never eventuated Romeo and
Juliet had nothing on us novels and
movies yet to be written and made about
us and happily never after you made me
forget consequences you made me forget
myself and wants to be everything for
you bend over backwards for your
happiness you made me forget that I'd
have to live with the Phantom of a body
part that I no longer have for the rest
of my life and I know time heals all
wounds but time takes time and I'm too
impatient for that you were an unlikely
incident that has become a part of my
story a part of me I asked you to love
all of my paces but instead you became
one of the many those scattered for
people in the hopes that they'll figure
out how to put back together what you
forced me to rip apart I slowly dull
pocketknife myself so that I'd give you
something to remember me by
now I avoid being a liar and so don't
have to confront the PTSD you've left me
with keep my self-destruct
convinced myself none of it was real
that it never meant a thing but I end up
masochistic ly reminiscing the bitter
sweetness of us I struggled asleep at my
and I see no getting out of this abyss
heavy medication the only way to deal
with the pain of us being reduced to
dramatic and sensationalized farewells
unable to cope with a deafening silence
of our drumming once was questioning
whether I'm really alive because how
could it be possible to live with the
hollow chest missing the heart the now
bait between your rugged hands with
swollen eyes betraying the pain of my
soul when the truth of my nights with an
occupied mind of which you've legally
settled locked forever in the hunt that
I gave you for safekeeping
I will now be whatever you please
because despite all of that it's you who
am I wrong
