disclaimer I can't sing so it's gonna be
a problem
mean Habibi Ana did die lady who is my
sweetheart
answer me and tell me hot one the
introduction
dial tone one ring to ring three ring
four hi dad how are you fine look I
can't see today because I'm sick I hear
if you fake coughs in the background I'm
sick I'm sick I'm sick I'm at work I'm
working I'm talking to a worker I don't
feel too good
I'm under the weather next week next
week next week
you see I've heard these words a hundred
times let's read between the lines I
can't see you cuz I have better things
to do I can't see because I have the I
can't take responsibility flu I can't
see you because I can't I can't I won't
this poem is for the kids with the
deadbeat dads this poem is for the kids
with broken hearts lost childhoods and
dreams of what daddy should could and
would do forced to grow up bottle it up
and tough enough dad this is a poem for
you and all that you've put me through
hot-too daddy issues mama always told me
to give others the benefit of the doubt
but this is the same woman who's been on
her defense for 15 years I've wiped her
tears I've seen the depths of her soul
I watched her become my damage control I
deal with over protection and an
interjection oh because of your
rejection dad mama didn't raise a fool
but I began using excuse making as a
tool I became such a expert
I could compose a book titled how to lie
to yourself a guide for your survival
I'll create an encyclopedia of I
hear too much it goes as such you're
just like your dad why you aside why
don't you call me anymore I was waiting
on you at the doll you have all these
questions in this poem here is my answer
in reality I'm scared I'm daddy impaired
hello I'm broken I never wear hot
patterned shirts because these sleeves
are far too outspoken and when someone
tells me that they love
first I think they're lying then I think
of you I think I'm not good enough maja
always cuff I think they'll leave I'm
already ready to grieve sometimes I want
to run away from me and daddy when
someone's kind I wait for the punchline
to misery I've been confined I'm in a
depressed state of mind but mostly I'm
scared that one day I'll become you but
I'll leave those that matter to me and
I'll ignore my child's plea for love
part 3 the message I was once your
sweetheart many moons ago but now you're
just the character in my tale of woe I
Know Who I am now
and this is my vow to stay true to those
who love me
I refuse to be you I refuse to be you
and don't misconstrue my words dad for I
still love just the old you for you say
this promise for the kids with a
deadbeat dads this poem is for the kids
with healing hearts and dreams of being
better dads this is a poem for you and
all that you've put me through
