don't people just do the same damn thing
in the shower cry a lot harder
productivity lives you now you may think
you have seen this exact same outfit in
Dubai you may think that but you haven't
comment below saying you haven't today
is Saturday today is Saturday that's
really really really fun planned today
which I'm probably gonna die literally
today when you watch I'm pretty you're
probably watching me died today this is
my funeral welcome here's the mission
what today's you give a hair makeup done
didn't some hot ones and dye do some
closet organization another chance I can
do on this Saturday but I am a little
bit jet lag so we're gonna make a
countess called Haley tell boom-boom
Haley tell boom-boom oh thank you so I
step out of my house and all you smell
is like fire in the air because the
Californian fires it's so sad so many
people had to relocate had to leave
their house I can't even imagine what it
feels like to have to leave your house
and then see that area go up in flames
like a home is a sacred place and I my
heart and soul goes out to everyone
that's been impacted there's so many
ways you can help up with the links down
in the description
literally the air is just it smells like
I'm in a fire right now I'm not
fortunately and I feel bad for everyone
that's doing with us both like hard to
breathe
oh we're here we're here okay so this is
what I'm doing I'm doing hot ones with
complex which is essentially eating hot
wings actually a range of vegetarian
wings for me and they get spicier and
spicier and if you know anything about
me I actually am a horrible Indian
person I can't handle spicy really
goddamn nervous to do this because I
want to be cool but you know me I gotta
front you all might kill this you oh
he's so easy okay so here's what we're
doing today as I'm with Sean he's an
expert when it comes to eating spicy
things he's done this seven seasons
seven seasons in 130 times
god damn so here's our variety of spices
we got vegetarian wings which thank you
by the way got you got you I'm going
right along with you I love it and I'm
gonna die so where do we start on the
center doesn't we're gonna end up
starting on this side and we'll end over
here I'm estimating that I'm gonna start
getting a little stressed over here
the first one you wouldn't be the first
okay it's okay
hey dude I'm not gonna tell you what
happened you're gonna have to wait to
watch when will this be out does anyone
knows Oh Thursday amazing stay tuned
because honestly I'll be the heart I
would say the hardest thing I've ever
done in my entire life
today in my life straight up without hot
one from like a hundred out of 10 pain I
was like my vision was blurry I couldn't
it was I'm gonna be pulling a lot
literally but they also gave me the hot
sauces so you already know your team's
gonna be doing a blog segment this is
5:11 oh this I can't stand Jay light
savings time because he gets dark so
quickly and I get so sleepy right off
the bat like I honestly have done
nothing okay I did one thing today one
thing but like I haven't done enough
everybody sleepy and also Michael my hot
ones Michael Moss moment bobble big
knock so the jet lag was starting to
catch up with me you know I was starting
to fall asleep and I'm like nah nah nah
we gotta be productive so I've tried on
every single pair of pants in my closet
to see what fits me what doesn't what I
can donate what I can tailor cuz I want
to get this organized my ideal scenario
is that every night before bed from my
phone a database of my clothes I can
pick my outfit my mornings can go that
much smoother do something today ed your
tomorrow so well thank you for what you
do right now is stop and give me bonus
points cuz not only did I go through my
pants
and organize all the Tings but check
this up the shoes have been organized -
I also got all this stuff to donate and
all of these hats to donate I'm still
keeping some snapbacks cuz you know og
og but I'm like debating if I should
give the hats away to yall should I sign
them to a contest I don't know comment
below let me know good morning happy
Sunday something amazing is happening
right now but the question is how many
idiots does it take to book a flight to
treat a head for Carnival you gonna find
out right now hey India boxes this is a
Trinidad crew what try I estimated an
hour and a half to figure this out what
I was if we want to go see Trinidad one
month after carnival right okay right
okay carry the one
carry the one what date what's the
layover 15 hours this one this time
we're finally flying when we're supposed
to be there we're going for Carnivale
this time get to it come on Elly squad
let's do it I mean I'm sure on the squad
but first of all Toronto has direct
flights we even got in LA
come on come on come on come on come on
come on
hi TV where anyone has any work then you
help with significant be for the last
year you buy me on bed mode don't honey
oh my I'm so proud of us for booking so
much in advance we save so much money
and liable to get the accommodation we
want and we're so bad at this year's
easel pat on my back you bonus points
booked my tickets of Trinidad and Tobago
for Carnival 2019 gotta cash I'll do a
bunch of work but I thought segment
alert
apparently a shower routine is a thing
on the internet and so I was like don't
people just do the same damn thing in
the shower cry a lot so I thought my
shower routine because apparently UK
first things first I changed my towels
quite often I have towels of all colors
of the rainbow got pink I got yellow I
got green I got blue because it just
makes me happy having colorful tiles of
today it is pink
crucial life-changing information I
don't know you lived without this so I
get into the shower right I got two
options up in here and add this little
spray thing or this will spray thing I
only use this as I'm washing my hair
because otherwise my hair gets wet and I
ain't trying to do that hell mother
effing no I turn the knob when the spray
thing the water comes over I still
actually get in the shower and show you
what I do stand in the shower now
because it's a little low I have to do
this weird position would like to try to
get wet we told you heard here with me
I'd like turn the exercise chances are
I'm cold cuz I'm always cold so I stand
here in the hot water for at least five
minutes I'm just like and then I cry
what I do next is I use soap right here
this is my sole if your soap looks like
mine you have all those waste you pieces
there with the new bar I use a shea
butter kind of soap situate chin up in
this all by through the soul baby where
I go this home everywhere I wash episode
then I've been using this almond oil
shower or your situation after I saw
because at least my skin's super super
soft not a brand deal not a brand deal
everyone's room are like once a week I
wear one of these gloves situations and
I exfoliate my body because I'm really
into like soft skin even though I don't
maintain myself very well otherwise
really into like lotions and soft skin
that's why I do that after I exfoliate I
have mouthwash in my shower because I'm
also obsessed with mouthwash when I
travel I cannot stand where I don't have
mouthwash like with a mouthwash and I
stand the shower simpler than that cry
I'm kidding sometimes what you don't cry
in the shower because I feel whatever yo
cool alright another thing about the
mouthwash which just shows that I'm an
insane person is that because it like
burns a little bit I'll put it in my
mouth and I'll try to like test how long
I keep her something like over the next
60 seconds I'm gonna rinse my body I'll
have the mouthwash I'm so single to you
then I'm really like keen on the shower
being clean so I gotta make sure that
like there's no hair on the ground this
hair
in the Drowned rejoice means I actually
used scissors to make sure that nothing
goes down the drain then I got these
shower cleaners that I'm supposed to
spray every time I shower but it's to
keep the windows all clean it is like
that very often I'd be playing music off
this speaker so I have a shower speaker
and airy playing music now if you look
at my shower it's pretty decently sized
so I can like you hear that crack
there's a crime there's meat in the
shower and all that space just I'm not
gonna lie extracting the Shelf it's
morning pull my leg up do a stretch I'll
do some with minutes open someone that
anything to get me going crucial
question when do you get your towel I
don't turn off the water I get my towel
first that I can hold it here continue
getting the hot water and I turned off
the water and I wrapped myself in my
towel I get out of the shower
Scarborough is usually right here to
greet me to lick up all my wet toes and
drive myself with my finger down what
about us then when I'm supposed to be
doing but I don't do all the time is I
put a little bit of bio oil on parts of
my skin that's like could use a little
bit of loving and then I'm supposed to
put on lotion and coconut oil this one
right here is yeah it's a do it
sometimes I don't do it as religiously
as I would like to we're off I'm
deodorant
lady speed stick mine is called power
because I like to boost my self-esteem
even with my deodorant then I definitely
don't put on a bra I brought our I put
on some pads and I go and conquer my day
for you is your shower routine like
different in some way then my let me
know just finished shooting my video for
tomorrow it is a special video to say
the least I don't want to tell you what
it's about no see no I main channel just
know that it's very important is a very
important video and I hope it doesn't
upset you but there is an important
video coming my main channel in a few
hours
check it out you know I just killed it
went through my inbox sent important
emails and did this task that was on my
list literally for two months now I'm
deciding to do a white-shoe haul if no
wife with the Soler's wives I got this
little spray off Amazon we gonna see if
it works
ok so this is the unclean sneaker right
here and this is the clean one pretty
good I think
Tagg not an ad just impressed pretty
good so doesn't make it perfect it makes
it pretty clean I gotta wash these laces
it really did a good job on these shoes
though these be looking brand new right
now I'm making an adult meal consisting
of fish sticks chicken strips and french
fries all vegetarian Cheers
boom also forgot to mention yes we have
hot ones I definitely got at least cool
water point time is 11:15 p.m. I picked
up my oppa for tomorrow I have like five
pitches tomorrow that I gotta keel put
all my energy into so I'm gonna watch a
movie I need to watch the research and
then head to bed super productive
weekend let's see we did reminder at a
very important videos releasing on my
main channel when I tell you that I love
you look at me I love you
you
