there's a show called Keeping Up with
the Kardashians what do you think it's
about maybe it is with fashion since
fashion show maybe they make Benson do
you know Kim Kardashian's yeah yeah
she's good
what did she do soon as a socialite I'm
not very sure what she does but she's
just famous just ready to con us when
she last selfies actually few things as
teenagers we have to strive to be like
the Kardashians you're a fidget spinner
anything yo that like you just spin it
around when they like hate each other
then it's just fun than the kings over
scarce cute yes yeah what does it mean
to say your stand like I stand you I
hate you I'm better than you
I don't know I support you say I love
you is like telling someone to stop it I
tell you knowledge I don't know I've
been seeing that on social media and I'm
like wait I understand doesn't mean I
understand you if someone says my wig is
blue what do you think that it is good
or bad but badly your wig was being
blown by the wind and just so excited
and they blown away that I can aw
do you know drink yes yeah yeah and does
Kiki love him no she has to love me
there's a champagne Buffy I really don't
know there's never an answer to that
question if keke palmer loves Trey
and I know kiki is the same to be honest
what does it mean if someone's looking
like a snack I don't know they're
looking nice like okay looking like a
snack they look absolutely beautiful
yummy what does it mean if you call
someone Bay isn't the person that you're
dating or something boyfriend/girlfriend
it's like your companion when my friends
are always called them Bay which means I
have a close relationship with them like
my mates my dad's bacon and eggs there's
an app in North America called tinder
I've heard about it
yeah gender what is the force in a book
sufficient like a dating site it's a
dating site right Wow amazing
you wanted a B it's a dance obviously uh
you see food in Canada people take
pictures of their food before we eat
what you what do you think about that
that's the weird that is real okay what
does it mean if you say I slay well I'm
the bomb calm
