could you open this and demonstrate how
you think that's you welcome back we off
the harder productivity lives here my
tripod is kind of sort of fixed it's
still very broken I'm just hoping it
doesn't fall it is Friday today which
means that we're heading into the week
end whatever that means we're gonna do
some work where there's some meetings
with all the damn things but great day
it is date number two for my period I
know you were dying to know men I know
you were like I wonder if she's on her
period yes I am day two I'm dying
here's the measure for today I'm meeting
one with my head of development for
unicorn island meeting - with misako
meeting three with Kyle meeting for with
Kyle and my cycle meeting five welcome
blob stuff ready I do some writing and
then we gotta figure out some video
shoot stuff all that and more because we
gonna kill it today why because every 24
hours has to count and this one is no
exception let's do it are you gonna
drive you're gonna drive us we're gonna
see if I have a scratch for because this
morning this young boy heard the garbage
truck for the first time I guess cuz
they started to come into my complex
freaked out just attacking the carpet
then he got so scared and mommy had to
hold you rights okay we'll get that
stupid garbage truck next time okay Oh
not gonna lie fumble first of all words
don't watch that so what are we up to
ladies what's our meeting about what
their meeting about huh a little back to
school merge festival Merchants even out
yet and we already working on
back-to-school I'll release a date soon
for festival emerge but for back to
school we are working in advances we
want to make all the things we want to
make possible and some of those things
take time so come below and let us know
what do you want to see for
back-to-school marks when you walk into
that hall after summer what do you want
to be bring it rocking backpack jeans
jackets socks undies pop sockets comment
below masako's gonna read every comment
every single comment she's gonna read
your chance also hit on her get reward
and I'm officially done all my meetings
for the day so productive so many team
meetings and my team on the same page as
you already know I love my team my team
is full of dope people they're all
phenomenal what they do so empowering
them to do even more is my favorite
thing on the planet let's go check in on
David actually how the graphics going
before tonight buddy oh pretty good
right now I'm rendering out all the CG
asses yeah yeah CG assets I do that to
see Jesus yeah totally yeah and then you
use the the calibrator on the Photoshop
the thingamajig yeah whose are Watson
yeah it's a 3d wall yes it is entirely
3d once everything is basically done
rendering then I'll just slap that on to
the video footage and we will have
become like Pink Floyd and built the
wall
we got patio furniture being set up here
oh my god are the instructions garbage
Rogan what these days with things and
garbage instructions so many times I
order things online and all the reviews
are like instructions are trash pool is
the instruction industry that I need to
sue wide understand I think this goes
like that yeah
I think I assemble the table all right
II just finished tweaking a script one
of the first projects for unicorn Island
Productions is a horror thing I'm
working on and I wrote it and I'm also
gonna direct it which I'm very excited
about that's all I'm gonna tell you for
now and finish tweaking the script is
version 5 of the script it's a short
thing but I'm still very excited about
it stomach is killing me day 2 of my
Jack damn period and it sucks but that
gave me an idea today because my office
is currently filled with a bunch of guys
a lot of the girls went home I want to
find out how much they knew about period
so I'm gonna call this segment here what
guys think periods are like and you're
like all right I have a list of
questions I'm gonna ask the three guys
in my office right now some of them I've
completely misdirected them cuz I want
to see if they'll believe what I'm
saying such at what foods should you
stay away from how many tampons can you
wear and the funniest one what type of
patter tampons should you wear on an
airplane I'm gonna see if they think
those things are true let's do it let's
get down to business show you can I ask
you a series of questions answer
honestly of what you think there's no
wrong answer so I'm kidding there's many
wrong answers in tune you have a sister
right yeah sisters keistered that I have
sisters thank you how long do you think
periods typically lasts four to five
days usually one sentence probably like
three to five days bout maybe five days
what do you think the worst day of your
period is whenever the flow is like the
heaviest thing and whatever then present
day three I would say maybe the first
because you realized you have your
period again but then it depends on how
long cuz sometimes they can be like
longer than other ones
am I being wrong yeah probably the day
right before it started it's like the
calm before the storm what are some of
the signs that you're gonna get your
periods and your boobs hurt okay usually
if things are being thrown at my head
ramps mmm spotting growth is a
significant deal of pain involved some
emotional swings but I don't know if
that's no PMS is post menstrual syndrome
right
I think I
I read an article in Cosmo that said you
get extra frisky not first given pain I
don't know I assume pain well if your
friends that you hang out with a lot get
them that's when you know your why does
it happen because y'all sync up with
your pheromones
okay what do you think it feels like can
you and detoxify know what you think it
feels like to have your parents I'm sure
it's foul and disgusting
you said knives stabbing you so I'm
gonna Rico with knives stabbing you like
some part of your soul is leaving your
body like when you eat a bad burrito
that's probably what it feels like Oh
something right down there if you get
diarrhea I'm going to assume it's just
painful in general mmm the blood is just
kind of like it's happening I bet you
don't feel much of it like coming out
like I don't think that like when blood
so it's coming out that's like all this
is like the most painful part what's
been done has been done I've known girls
are like oh my god I got my lady juice
on underwear like how do I know if you
have a really heavy flow on a certain
day how many pads should you wear at
once at once what about how many tampons
at a time Oh obviously one I'm know
can't you only wear one pretty
confidence a one a done deal at all time
or can you put him on it and wear it now
that if you have a heavy phone what
about how many pads would you were at a
time just one any more than that oh it
imagine would get really uncomfortable
like you're basically walking around a
giant diaper pads or externals you kind
of just keep layering them up I assume
extra protection let's go with three
lucky number three what do you think the
experience of sneezing is like when
you're on your period
it involves like a lot of abdominal
clenching I've heard the phrase walking
on eggshells but I don't believe that
sneezing on your period should be the
phrase that replaces it it's probably
not great I don't know but I imagine
it's similar to sneezing when you really
got to go poopoo get tense it up keep it
elevated
I don't like season general honestly I
don't
I think sneezing and driving his telling
people don't talk about it's very
dangerous you close your eyes you're
driving what foods should you stay away
from when you're on your period
maybe they expects the food general
greasy fatty food you know sushi meat
but really fatty foods probably not good
more iron ore like make your low lots of
salt poison probably poison
what is your period like in the shower
I'm sure they can murder scene it's
probably honestly one of the best places
to do it cause you can clean up really
quickly we probably don't want to have
the white towel do you know what kind of
tab pointer pad you have to wear an
airplane as opposed to not being in an
airplane air pressure I'm assuming is
the problem here mm-hmm that can soak up
more the juices something to deal with
the difference in pressure one that
wouldn't expand as much in the air
pressure mm-hmm because that would be
really painful right I'm I like
international fly or domestic and
international delight like a long yeah a
long fight ooh am I gonna get to switch
to help dinner do the affinor tampons is
that a thing
does the air pressure like make your
flow more or less if someone see my
exploded American describe a pad
lines a woman's underwear can you
explain to me how you think a tampon is
used pretty sure that you peel up like
whatever it comes in it comes in like
that plastic tube mm-hmm that does not
go in you you take that off I think it's
tear on your wear but the absorbent part
and the part of the string mm-hmm the
absorbent part goes up and your
fallopian tube from health they seem
like they're wider than what the
underwear that would run through that
area mm-hmm this was the fallopian tube
I have one here could you open this and
demonstrate how you think that's you
open it Yeah right could you demonstrate
with this template oh no this has the
plastic where's the tooth yes this is
good mine here because it's so big you
butterfly where's my little string guy
why is it so wide
oh no that rivet there's a sticky side
here yes see like the back of this
that's sticky it can't be back hard
peel it off like this a tampon ready to
go 10 hour the meet guard Wow
little winglets that probably wrap
around the edges are gonna take this and
put it in your tube first off like it's
the size of my face I'll just let you
just like on your big girl panties and
go on with the rest of your day
tampon time fits according to Taylor you
can wear three pads at a time
I know alright just went through my
inbox at a 7 p.m. on a Friday it is a
sunny sunny day Joe so I'm going to head
home now I got a lot of cleaning to do
in my house because basically I don't
know if you notice but through the week
I destroyed my house because I'm like oh
so hostile head down can't don't I put
this away I gotta throw this shirt here
at hustle hustle
then I spent the weekend resetting for
the week ahead so I can get back to
hustling so the hustle hustle rejuvenate
reset clean hustle hustle baffle fuck
and I also take a moment to say I will
never get sick of palm trees like the
sight of them just makes me so happy
not as much as the sight of you
baby boy ready to go home back home got
a deal with all this and there's still
paint on my counter my mom would slap
the F out of me I'm gonna deal with it
boo dick all right so I did all that
stuff I have a show idea in my head and
my brain is so like used to doing by
YouTube skits and stuff that I don't
really know how to develop shows
otherwise so I kind of teach myself so
I'm gonna spend the rest of the evening
there's a sting online called master
class where you can learn about like
auditions and writing and stuff I think
this one for writing I think I'm gonna
take that online class right now and
kind of study it for a second and watch
some shows and like take notes on the
story structure and stuff and then I'm
gonna take some jabs that like coming up
with a log line and a look a bullet
point brainstorm about what I want my
show to be that's the one to spend the
rest of my evening self educating all
right it's 11:00 11:00 make a waste just
kidding
work for it which is what I've been
doing for the past 2 3 hours I wash a
few classes then it got me thinking and
brainstorming so I kind of broke down a
pilot episode into like five acts and I
feel pretty good for a first leg
stabbing and I feel pretty good what the
concept and what's happening obviously
gonna take a lot of revisions and
fine-tuning but like I'm really happy
with how much work I just got done I
want you in my room okay are you ready
for this this is not a brand deal this
is just something cool not I'll hook
this up for me she showed me and she got
me one it's a personal thermostat let me
explain to you apparently this device
goes on your wrist like a watch and it
will control your temperature as if you
were a house so you know I'm always cold
and everyone comes to my houses look
it's so freakin hot the story of my life
I'm always cold
apparently this fix is that it's cold
amber I don't know like that's what's
that's what's called this hold on what
is this what is the deal I don't believe
it hold on normal risk BAM that provides
thermal relief at the touch of a button
when ever you're feeling uncomfortably
warm or cold so B hold down the light
bar for a session of cool or warm what
I'm not trying this right now but I'm
gonna have to I just don't believe that
I don't believe something on my wrist
could cool me down or whatever I just
don't understand well I got this thing
I'm gonna try it eventually like I said
not a brand deal it's a cool thing I got
it could be a complete scam or it could
be
we're gonna find out but cool as hey oh
what's that
I'm gonna call him Knight I'm actually
gonna watch some TV before I sleep and I
probably fall asleep while doing that
because now I need to like analyze the
TV shows based on all the things I just
learned so it's kind of like a
productive thing but I think we killed
it today let's see how we don't need the
points whatever so why wouldn't you look
at those points know that behind the
scenes I'm being some more age 12
you
