I feel like the coolest mother effin
person in the world it's all happening
it is all happening welcome back we
hustle harder productivity lives here
today is the big day where we are
shooting our big fort night video so the
mission is real simple you get the
studio shoot the video kill it let go
that ammo case oh my god we're pretty
much almost packed into the car packed
for this young boy who did not want not
two but three turns this morning how
those haystacks you drunk I didn't get
it she's like do you get it I'm like no
hey is it haystack not isn't Hey but
like hey cuz it tastes that I get it now
I got it down after the diagram I got
hay haystacks hey hey because the
haystacks in her drug that's what
they're saying it's got coffee coffee
God please don't let any of this yellow
paint get on my car please
Godspeed Godspeed Godspeed
get in the vibe oh damn we go old school
oh damn y'all here's the vibes here's
the vibe left leg piece my little wrist
pad which is actually a blood pressure
monitor dogtags way to do the third if
the landing doesn't look good stops were
so desperate I am getting rigged up
because we're getting this shot from the
rear angle of kinda looking at the games
like elevators that's gonna look like
the game was starting I feel like the
coolest mother effin person in the world
like nothing is topping it's really fun
I never even go pro here's my question
how will the GoPro footage hold up next
week okay it's the same es porque go
yeah yeah be careful it's in the virtual
world now breadstick so the hard thing
is about this I can kind of it's like
kinda moving like the video game but
kind of also breaking the rules so with
the act it's hard because basically they
have to be like when they run and then
also when I run I have to do a lot of
leg like a natural movement I'm gonna
make so much fun
okay cool fact we only bought the
haystacks like this this this all of the
rest of the stuff is just in the studio
by chance in the studio guys like hope
you don't mind there's like a lot of
junk in our studio today in the alley
like really messy and we're like it
looks exactly like the game let's go
inside this shoot Taylor the stars are
aligning for us today yeah we are really
lucky the stars are aligning for us
today
so basically have like this and get rid
of the axe behind my back but Taylor
don't stab yours honestly whatever stay
tuned it could be a viral vlog you never
know the time I died maybe take one
clear and action
why do you look like a fake person no
that's so good I'm channeling the game
look what I'm channeling the game we'll
go show you this pictures of this
picture I look like I'm animated into it
but we just took it I'm just channeling
I'm channeling the game see not flexing
like I gave Andrew a group brain strim
throw any words associate relationships
relationships love anything like that
date dating no wrong answers tinder
loving friends Friday zone yes Netflix
and chill oh my god just single mother
late working on set okay it's before
cessation myself because when I run is a
love yourself it's fine fortnight
realistic body parts
alright so our good friend David visual
effects extraordinaire he's already
working on the graphic right now I don't
understand this program he's much more
talented than I am but I believe this is
the beginning steps I'm building a wall
correct yes that's correct
he's gonna make me look great cuz I'm
gonna do nothing and you can do
everything thanks Paul thanks bud Wow
MAGIX cover was a weapon no you're not a
whipping Union you're whipping your
sweet boy you guys notice Carver and I
are matching today come on hey Lily how
does it feel knowing your fans like your
dog more than you
wait they turn into a bush in the game
oh my god I don't find him attractive
there was oh I guess we're reshooting
The Shining action right the shoot is
going great I'm like so self-conscious
of my belly I keep make comments about
it I'm joking because I'm trying to like
become better at I'm trying to like I
know about the most fit person a lot
likes extremely not fit either but like
I'm trying to make jokes as I want to be
less serious about it like I don't know
it's a big deal I do so love myself but
I don't you do that when you're like two
mildly insecure like let me just keep
cracking jokes about it because like I
don't want how we serious about it it's
like an insecurity thing over there dude
right when the good news is my bulbs I
think it'll be really great it's so much
fun and it's like and I can't express to
you how many things are in the studio
that are in the game that have just
showed up with a shopping cart shopping
cart forget there's a shopping cart in
the alley next I'm like what how many I
mean we have a lot more we have a lot
more to go but you know my spirits are
high okay farmed a white girl but y'all
are killing it because I love this is
such a cute date it's not one J garbage
pellets $10 hay bales
it's organic yeah juice gives you feel
okay so you drink it and then you're
protected against gunshots so it's very
well that's exactly what sounds like
exactly what it sounds like
all right David what do you got so far
uh well so far I have the wall modeled
in 3d just there's some basic wood
looking textures on there a next step is
to animate it and hopefully try and make
it look like it came straight out of the
game sleep it's not sure at all it's
meant to break stuff that's what it does
to be fair if I took these off and I
hurt myself by simply holding it I
deserve to die I'm a moron I'm Lily
proofing it make sure it doesn't happen
Oh me first of all why does there no
information on water bottles eight
bottles no 4 bottles 4 bottles in one
day Oh howdy balls you think I'm
terrible how the truth comes up now
anytime thing that was happening like
it's my brain we have up to shoot well
for the day the final shot but it's
actually one of the first shots of the
video at sky dive through the air
important IQ jump on the bus and skydive
so chart several series covers eyes
we're arting and action
okay check your wrists and that's a wrap
our night Freddie up everyone sits car
we'll just drive the whole thing
everybody's talking about it if you talk
scarborough said mom I'm gonna just sit
on the sweater on this suitcase this is
mine now I have earned this beyond
burger I'm gonna sit here watch an
episode of shameless and just relax
cuz momma work hard today I don't even
know how there's any more water left in
the ocean cuz I'd done drank it all just
took a quick shower Scarborough is down
for the count me too sudden me to a
secondary role my feet are just the raw
being like throbbing I'm a little
massaging my feet as I fall asleep
boy killed it today amazing she probably
the most exciting I don't think one of
the most exciting shoes I've ever done
if not the most exciting like I was
really happy shooting this any just been
a long time since I've gotten to do
something like this it was a lot of fun
and I think like creativity-wise like
productivity wise and how much we
accomplish in a day one of the most
exciting shoes for sure so I'm really
happy right now really tired but really
happy it is better than being bored
let's do it okay
until tomorrow super Thursday stay tuned
for a new channel video Oh
you
