do this okay even more so that your
heads they my crotch
all right let's go for one last ride
it's like fast and furious because we
returned this baby Gracie by a
smartphone to a friend
oh right II just finished another
meeting and I realize I never told you
my mission cuz I've been killing the
mission already but here is the rest of
the mission for today's students they
get my hair and makeup done and I'm
doing the impact Theory podcast then is
a crapload of pre-production for a
fortnight video that we're shooting
tomorrow when you're watching this okay
today it's gonna be on time you ready
you ready you ready ready I'm a head but
something that never happened this is
not a thing I'm usually driving a broken
driving but today daddy and spray paint
me okay so this place for driving is
literally on the top my ears are
plugging they're so high up I mean I
wasn't like literally our vibe right now
um yeah
wait you start hitchhiking hello you
will provide sexual favors anyone going
this way know what time it is
I just did something awesome no it was
awesome but they gave me free water and
you know how I feel about free things
look at all these amazing people right
here that are taking pictures of this
moment please introduce yourself what's
up everybody I'm Tom Dooley you here at
impact theory and we just did an amazing
episode where can they see you when can
I see it tell me all the things you can
find it at Tom Dooley on YouTube so
YouTube port slash Tom bill you it's be
i-l-y yeah you and I'll put in the
description is what word word and it was
honestly really thought-provoking all of
you team super og said like oh did you
ask her why she's called superwoman and
no it was none of those questions it was
all like really this guy and dissected
my book and really got into like why I
wrote things and I wrote things so if
you want to see an interview where like
I or a podcast or discussion about their
discussion between two fond friends yeah
like that then really watch this cuz I
say things I've never said before so you
should definitely do this he's awesome
and all these people are awesome look at
all them say give yourselves a round of
applause all of you amazing job amazing
and there's blue lights and there's the
whole thing okay so that was dope and
also this house is incredible this house
is like on the hill obviously what it's
like I mean how many bedrooms is it I
want to see like 15 bedrooms it's like
massive this room right here I love this
little decor like always be learning I
love it my fabulous house you know your
fabulous house when you have that thing
that's in the Titanic this type designed
that's a Titanic you what did you think
Kyle's just things up stopping him back
safe in a blog come on I was just saying
that I was actually astounded by the
interview like team super will love that
because every question is different than
I've ever not even just like it's
different in its nature like he asked
you like deep
how'd you say things that I'd like never
heard about your book about my
everything from personal and
professional too like your I don't know
it was just crazy I was like enjoying
the entire thing oh yeah yeah before we
go home just gonna stop by having real
quick
how you have never looked so attractive
I'm holding that big bag of the Patil
cepat song don't mind me just hella
hydrated what's happening as I'm
teaching the noobs on the team episode 1
game before night kiss tomorrow true
before tonight buddy own already
sleeping
um where's no AG and I'm not not trying
to have it so you have to watch one game
and I'm gonna tell you what's up okay
that's not black panther no geez we have
three guns we never paint them so right
after that we find a mason jar didn't
have any on it okay old mason jars have
that like designers oh right the team is
off to the races getting props and stuff
for the fortnight video I'm here on the
interwebs doing other video stuff I have
noticed this trend online I think I
think
jenna Marbles started it but I think
Lauren has done it as well it's frigging
genius it is transforming yourself into
your dog so like doing your makeup and
transforming yourself into your dog's
I'm so jealous of Matt I do not think of
that so now my goal right now is think
of a popular video format and apply it
to my dog Barry okay okay okay I'm not
sure if anyone's done this or not
hopefully not if they have I apologize
for not knowing or not giving credit I
am going to recreate you know you could
recreate famous Instagram because you're
a couple Israel I am going to recreate
my dog's Instagram pictures what do you
think let's do it okay so I pull Kyle oh
my pants because I need to repaint this
picture right here we're all my carpet
and I'm biting your hand I need your
ring finger almost rattle you Wow I feel
like when you have your head in my lap
so like your whole body needs to like
shift and then you nee lay your head and
do this okay even more so like your
heads there my crotch looking that way
like crazy because small and cute he's
in this picture oh my goodness look at
him
have anything small on my last paycheck
you know bank either you're better in
this photo my whole body's in your lap I
need to straddle you really hard he's so
cute okay I'm dizzy I lost all situation
in that one what do you think oh it's
just a regular day I work a half in half
out of bed easy
what happened it's not hard to tell us
all this right okay as a as this I'm
gonna this one because he looks ok look
good boy oh wow
Wow and things I'm about to do for it
absolutely ridiculous it's gotta be
accurate that period of time I didn't
wash my bed sheets and so I had no
better cheese I remember this so going
to three weeks I'm sure this has been in
scarborough's welcome anytime something
good fun your mother's love you hear
that but what is really really hot
safe to say I nail that now it's time to
get to work I'm clearing off this whole
counter this is gonna be the
pre-production work station painting
gluing cutting all the Asians gonna
happen it's about to get brown I'm
making the breakdowns of a costume so
tomorrow everyone has these sheets like
this one date for bunny skin John we
know exactly who's gotta wear what
organization pre-production is key for
how I said that they wouldn't send any
guns to LA California while water guns
air games get you a team that's willing
to drive around like this because
fortnight has haystacks I love doing
projects like the arts and crafts of it
all I get to spend time on it I'm so
excited it's like this fantastic beast
the tour release was another one like
every once in a while I get to do a
video I'm like the drake
trick-or-treating where i'm like oh this
is my dad like I don't even care it as
well and I just was so excited
also notice that my team is killing it I
could never do this on my team they're
out every two minutes someone comes
drops a load of props goes out to get
more stuff they're just killing it all
so anybody order a crossbow it's all
happening here it's all happening trying
to like obviously is not the exact same
guns as for tonight but um first coat of
painting it's gonna happen and I'm gonna
show you the final product I'm gonna end
the vlog soon and not show you any of
this stuff so you have to wait until
tomorrow and then eventually when the
video comes up yeah until then don't
want to paint that yes I do whoo my
hands are cramping I'm gonna end the
vlog here because I think we killed it
today mad meetings we're gonna recreate
it scarborough's pictures a little fun
thing I got a lot of work left to do in
my call time tomorrow was 9 which means
I have to leave here like 8:00 it is
8:30 right now I want to get to work go
to sleep the best view shoot I can
possibly do tomorrow let's see how it
tastes
and gel tomorrow where our passion
continues
you
