Lily's in the car behind me right now
miss she is driving the sickest old car
well Tibetan I think those a we also
have a Productivity live here it is
Monday summer Monday which means a new
video
it is a jam-packed day from my schedule
just the way I like my baby boy oh thank
you
I'm gonna go pick up a crop for a video
have meeting one gotta get my hair and
makeup done meeting two then I'm doing a
Google shoot for mercy then I got a
meeting with Taylor I also got to
release my video all that kill it today
you would've killed with me let's do it
hustle harder are you gonna hustle
harder to baby I little bananas on my
Cheerios if you've never taste this by
the way a bomb is it okay so when you
don't prompt for today's video shoot for
our merch and the vibe for the merch is
like festival festival forever that's
our vibe no summer vibes Music Festival
things I'd be loving on them I've never
been to a music festival is what I'm
assuming it's about here's the proper
you ready it's an old-school vintage car
now I'm gonna show it to you but you
should know that I don't ever think
anyone actually knows this because I've
never sign up with one of my dream cars
and I want to buy one day is an old
school like candy pink convertible
Cadillac like a blue or like a yellow or
like a pink just really vintage I go
today I'm gonna get a chance to run
something like that and drive it around
for dad I'm stoked
so Lily's in the car behind me right now
I know this is her worst nightmare but
also like the biggest dream if she was
driving the sickest like old car
I'll show you guys didn't want to tell
you what it is yet but I'll show you the
car is like so long literally it's like
a three car lengths long and she's
trying to drive it doesn't have any GPS
never radio she's like it's too nervous
like hold anything so she's just driving
by me
I'll show you guys she's looking all
cute back there she left her blank her
on her blinkers been on for like 10
minutes made it to the office oh my
god that car is an experience an
adventure to drive it's so old so it's
like give her turn the wheel so many
times I turn I was like stress it's so
long it's at the length of two regular
cars but your was so much just finish my
meeting it was really great and oh my
god this one was actually really good
this bottle there no I said water's
becoming more delicious really changed
person
Anton is here he's about to do my makeup
right now cuz we go into well merge
video shoot for this summary of video
shoot and the photo shoot photo shoot
your DC video shoots gonna be late and
I'm just gonna take my braids out or the
video shoot for your time good time and
a half are you gonna be in the video
shoot some thinking like up but if you
look at festively much a little more
funky I'm gonna put my gold temporary
tattoos on me something more funky like
edgy I'll be edgy pull some of the
colors that are in the wardrobe what
happened was I was driving the cars no
GPS or anything so I'm like I'm
following Brogan my phone decides to
freeze at that moment God a bonus track
so I'm driving
following Brogan and this cars brakes
are like okay she like quickly changes
lanes because there's a group of pylons
ahead of her and I'm like what the f I
slammed the brakes on and literally all
I hear from the car behind me as my
heart stops
please please don't give me the car was
so close to you because apparently the
person front of Brogan also did the same
things and she turns in the pilot
something oh my god in five minutes I'm
like it's been five minutes we're
driving this guy's okay if my heart was
in my tongue honestly I'm wondering it's
not a cat what I want to get a catalyst
I saw the rest of their cars to at the
rental place can you bring out a brand
new everybody's bringing on a brand new
so we please might emerge might emerge
because I want to get a leg thanks do I
have like I mean I love your eyes yes
well yeah because your eyes like if such
great shape
I look at my eyes I they didn't mean all
those I'd say well you know some people
have like like less eyelid or like they
have a lower brown eye you know like
they have like a smaller there's less
realistic
what you're saying is my eyeball to isla
de Mayo is really you have you have
square footage can play I mean when an
Tom kills it it's not fast for the funny
part is this is so festively and thank
you I stopped one more meeting to do you
know we're walking on black oh just a
normal day I know you I don't work with
me second meeting done let's go dude
issue
look at the size of the cereal opens we
take a moment it's the size of my body
let's good be like tourists moaning girl
so we out shooting this merch video
shoot also breakfast queen is wearing
mr. Kate's freckles mr. Kay you know my
good might assist I love her she's
wearing those reckless carbo's out here
having a good time
got the merch much all the fans really
love the merch by the ways guys because
you guys are modeling it so well we're
shooting this thing at the car it's
pretty baller it's the live it's a vibe
honker Oh uncle bunker bunker bunker
conker trying this little new ting feels
like I have constant boogers okay so I'm
gonna face to my mom and I'm gonna fully
make her believe I bought this car first
off she's gonna see this and hateth and
say we'll start with what I hello stop
what's up guess what I got it don't be
mad it's not their story it's not are
you ready
fake nose Jesus more mad about the nose
rings whoa and that is a wrap it's like
you'll be gone rent this car we're gonna
do as much as possible with this cars
pretty cool you are pretty bond how
blessed are we last life that I'm so
grateful I catch I rent a cool car and
do cool things in my career I'm very
very grateful right Bubba cuddling with
the blink why not kill his dog every
time he was in a shot like Scott riles
like this truck he doesn't describe a
look here he does he's so chill he's
born for this life this bag of telling
you okay it is 10:30 p.m. just finished
my last meeting of the day I had to
powwow with tail figure out how we're
gonna shoot this for tonight video on
Wednesday my head is killing and I know
I have a lot of tension because my jaw
hurts when my tension gets to my jaw
level that's when I know that issues
tense right now so I wash my hair try to
massage all this out right here and then
go to bed after wake up so early to
return that car in the morning that car
you know I used makeup wipes before took
a shower I rubbed my face
hard on the shower with cleanser and I'm
like there's no way you could still be
makeup on my face then I got a shower Oh
me yeah it's not punched in both minds
how are you still here welcome to a
business meeting with Lilly and Lilly we
have a lot to discuss today just one
thing you know the thing I don't think
today's vlog title yeah well I rented my
dream car rented yeah but that's what
happened I rented my dream car uh-huh
okay I hear you
what about bought my dream car with the
money I stole from a bank but I didn't
happen
say what that's not true that didn't
happen I don't get it what I mean look
that title is not true interesting I
think that's okay let's negotiate here
do you want the news okay so not read
bought your dream car
no stole no he finally said what about
what about just my dream car introducing
my dream car
whatever yeah I know I should put I
bought my dream car I got my drinking
but I did it okay fine I won't use right
I'll just say introducing my dream car
or my dream car or something god damn it
why am I so ethical I mean that's not to
say that people who click they are
unethical no I mean I've kind of clicked
made it before I just don't want to do
know of my wall I want people to know
that when they click on my blog like
that thing is actually happy if I said I
met someone I met them if I said
something happened like it had been
that's what I want you believe there's
some thirsty again I'm gonna have
another glass of water you really have
to give me the point since I won't show
too much do it for myself I'm gonna go
through some of the pictures we took
today and probably fall asleep while
doing that he killed it today let's say
we did
hey shouts everyone that watch my main
channel video today when you're the DD
oh my god based 100% on a true story and
tell tomorrow keep puzzling bang
you
