are you ready to see the festival
merchants two hours photo shoot day up
in Austin 3:30 photo shoot day March day
here's the thing though y'all gonna see
the new merch today I'd like to keep
these secret photos just might let them
see it I know they want to peep it early
really want to start asking their
parents are saving up you're gonna see
the merch in this vlog so stay tuned
oh my son is not even where is just
coming up I've been up for hours
oh but I'm not complaining coz busy is a
blessing we gonna do the damn thing do
the photo shoot then we got to come home
do some product shots actually I got to
write one script damn it other than that
it's not ever doing that i won tomorrow
i'm also do well if i want it's the
weekend
here's thing with the merger there's
gonna be a back-to-school line but this
is to hold y'all down hold y'all over
for the summer vibes I know y'all wanted
some crop top some cute things your girl
got you are you gonna model to
Scarborough mm-hmm what do you think
poor boy I know you're sleepy sweet I
gotta learn to sleep without mama no
mama no I want you are you ready to see
the festival Mirchi we go boom up first
we got team super conquer t-shirt also
comes in a tie you know what something
so soft he's so soft look at this detail
that we got so harder mustard tea also
and black no big deal no big deal you
want to look this face you want to look
this much like a snack gonna look like
this ladies I know you wanna crop tops
we got the tie-dye stop hand go why we
got the black the white tie-dyed crop
shirt and we got this one right here
team super
prop long-sleeve the team super right
there it's a whole mother-effing vibe
right yeah hey hey hey don't you I just
feel like better people you feel smarter
your students clear your digestion is
better all of these things because
you're wearing because you're all black
a little white shirt I was wearing also
comes
hello sir my mother sky is having the
time of his life here at the beach time
of his life
good job buddy and that's a wrap on the
merch photoshoot we have to go men do
product shots double team killing it
killing it killing it killed it the
guard will you killed it I mean the
details the tie-dye the crop top it's a
vibe
I got Palestine for 30 minutes I need to
fix my makeup under the product shop the
struggle is real right now throwing this
really can see the pillow and we're done
and it's that beautiful time when Oh
today we took 1795 pictures now it's
time to go through all of them okay done
all the product shots I mean a little
bit of break I'm so tired
you know I can address something real
quickly and have a critical conversation
because you know I love growth and
evolution and real talks a few weeks ago
I tweeted something remember exactly
what it was but basically cardi between
something like why is it that everything
I say is taken out of context or like
people won't forget my mistakes or
whatever it is what guys can do all
sales ratchet stuff in rap music but
when I say it as a woman yeah yeah and I
quote Twitter face to be like y'all it's
the patriarchy you do it like guys do
see a lot of ratchet and stuff and rap
song someone girls tend to say the same
things like oh they're do is I tweeted
in defense of her not even defense it
wasn't defense as much like
encouragement or and ever since then in
my Twitter and my Instagram I'll be
getting a whole bunch of comments being
like I can't believe Lilly support
someone that is against lgbtq+ people
and I'm just like stop I know the
Internet has made you believe attack
people and judge them good you're
offensive I know that's the trend of
2018 but I just address this real quick
because I think it's important for us to
remember what I'm about to say and that
is that dude people make mistakes
okay the creation of the Internet and
you having internet access doesn't mean
that you could never let people forget
about the mistakes everyone's made
mistakes if you stopped talking to
everyone you know that I made a
politically incorrect comment at one
point another you would have no friends
and no family so be real and stop acting
like you're perfect on the Internet
because an unhealthy mentality that once
upon a time yet cardi B used some
politically incorrect term since then
she has apologized many many many times
saying I didn't know those words were
incorrect I was raised around people in
an environment where I was never taught
that was politically incorrect or
offensive since then I have learned and
I am sorry cardi B has gay relatives
that she openly supports and every time
she apologized and I just relate to this
on such a personal level cuz like if
you're any type of famous and you
apologize for anything you could
genuinely be sorry but everyone's give
me like oh you're just apologizing cuz
you want to solve records did you want
people to watch your videos it's like
there's no winning what if someone's
actually sorry I just want to say like I
believe people can make mistakes and if
they apologize are trying to grow like
that's all you can ask from humans no
one is perfect and the reason I also
bring this up cuz I'll never forget the
first time my mom and it never even
occurred to me it never even occurred to
me that my mom didn't see a black or
white or any other type of person that
wasn't Indian and tell she moved to
Canada so until she was married in her
20s and moved to Canada she had never
seen a person that was not Indian so she
had no idea what the politically correct
terms are to call people she had no idea
what was offensive or not offend her she
wasn't raised about that so like we just
gotta remember that everyone's growing
and everyone's learning and we should be
trying to teach and educate people with
compassion not be like we have internet
access so you made a mistake and I'm
gonna hold you against you forever and
Lily you supported cardi B so Louise
also against gay people half of my team
is gay the team that I employ and I pay
so please stop trying to be woke with
internet access it's not doing anyone
any favors and I mean this with the most
compassionate education I also know this
little rant is not gonna change the
minds of the people who do this but I'm
just like letting y'all know that like C
Yellin no I gotta get back to work
so I fell asleep on the coach and then I
woke up and then it was not it was still
really tired or super shower and do a
few emails and probably fall asleep
again today we did as much work as we
could with the two hours ago we gonna
call it a night so we will see you
tomorrow good morning my love why do you
look particularly cute this morning you
want to go on the roof
huh you wanna go on the roof your
favorite place let's go it is hot as
hell
scrubber does this cute thing or if he's
going up the stairs and see he slips a
little bit he'll stop on that stair and
be like I know bitch it's okay and he
wrote a few smooth after go down put him
at the bottom of the stairs again so he
can start and go properly he's so scared
when he slips he's like mom stop eating
leaves please I know you're eating
leaves don't do that
hey don't know did that also do this
weird thing we're like under the
umbrellas too cold and then here is like
blazing hot and I can't see my screen
like when you're sleeping you don't know
if you should be in the blanket or like
on top of the blankets I'm just walking
around like a just finished
my fortnight's script officially give me
the point is gonna be a complicated one
to shoot it seems and I are gonna like
pull through and do it but I'm so
excited because as you know a lot of my
videos I do like to videos in one day
and I love doing that it's cool but like
every once a while I'm like I'm gonna up
the budget take a lot of time and do
this one passion view of mine and this
is it all right so here's a little mini
mission of what I want to happen right
now we're dope grocery shopping for food
for me you can go to a pet store for
food for you and maybe if we have time
we're trying to get your cars clean okay
my car is our hot FMS right now what do
you think Mama's gonna pack her back
we're gonna go whoo thank you whoo just
got my car clean while waiting for it to
get washed Scarboro made a new friend
and I was so proud because first he was
scared and he kept playing and he made a
new friend
didn't you buddy didn't you buddy all
right let's go shopping look at this you
can actually see through my windshield
y'all set drink water bought this water
bottle and a leak in the bottom all over
my wash car inside and all over my pee
pee and now my pee pee is soaking wet
and my pants something when everything
is soaking wet
drink water they said this is what you
get right here ahh oh my god good job
buddy
last thing and they were done you know
I've said this so many times before but
I'm so lucky to have you you're so chill
and calm all the time mommy appreciates
you mommy appreciates you Bubba
only in LA
oh look how clean but also ah clearly a
night King got to my joke arse
yeah I gotta say men living alone is
pretty hard like grocery shopping taking
care of Scarborough cleaning the house
maintaining it's like hard I don't carry
those grocery bags on the stairs I'm
like god damn I'm gonna do it but it's
like it's a struggle y'all did that the
sink is cleaned out which means
sweetheart you know what time it is it's
time for a bath
Oh done nothing that a little treat
can't help now mom and you sit you
herself without I'm starving I'm gonna
look rude right now once I start being
this productive I'm like guns-a-blazing
mother bring it to me
Oh what's this my glass of water can't
come to the phone right now
why because it's dead so I am working on
getting my costumes and weapons for the
sport night video and I always like
doing this because I'm pretty frugal
when it comes to stuff for two reasons
one because I'm cheap but to also
because I like to see how creative I can
get with like I need a treasure chest
start me buying a very expensive one how
can I turn this cheap one into an
expensive looking one so it's gonna take
a couple hours but I'm excited it's
several hours later get fit I spent all
this time putting all the props into my
Amazon basket right I go to check out
I'm like you're freaking kill the game
we're all these like toy guns that are
like clearly toys they're like say nerf
on them and stuff and then I go to
checkout
it says Amazon will not ship to your
address and I'm like what then I googled
it apparently Amazon will not ship any
toy guns to California like guns that
look like real guns and like I get it I
get it but also hashtag America it's not
a but now I'm gonna start all over again
so I'm thinking like water guns okay
it's a 1:00 a.m. I'm finally done I
spend way too much might not even that
much honestly if any other person
probably shop with this video the
publisher spent like four times what I
spent cuz I'm mad frugal like I said but
I did it's done I just up do some emails
but I'm good and the vlog here and do
those in bed so merch is coming you got
to see it I'll let you know what its
gonna go on sale ASAP it's on sale
yet I'll let you know when it goes on
sale but you got first love cuz you team
super oh geez and I love you of them
that hold on
might as well give me the points that's
yeah we did today and he'll come I'll
roll where what am i doing spiral oh
yeah it's so Monday how fun
you
