good morning India
getting in a cab good morning look at
the roof of this place job girl because
we're starving and I've been craving it
that's what we're doing the time is like
1 something I got zero sleep last night
zero zero I literally got 45 minutes of
sleep the exact 45 minutes for 5:00 a.m.
to 5:45 46 people you have 46 minutes of
sleep last night
basically is what happened we're done
mad cuz we gonna work today I'm going to
left me fashion show with a member
excited about what I'm more upset about
the spin-off door right now
okay so jazz making fun of me because
it's a clip of mute vlog where I live I
look so horrible I look like I just gave
birth to collect quintuplets I look so
bad and then we're going to drinking Red
Bull yo you want any more chins with the
only homage as you'll never stop me so
just let me do this as long as I so
please unless I do this hour now and get
ready for the fashion show yo so I'm
already got my outfit on point hanging -
luckily Fashion Week with summer um I'm
gonna go over here where the Lighting's
phenomenal I'll show you my outfit it's
a long good thumb and the back of it is
still cooking - see it's like it's like
yellow and red and stuff it's cool oh
yes away from blue I'm gonna pretend to
be fabulous and be an adult for us that
evening I know nothing about fashion all
right we heard the luxury fashion show
let's check out all kinds of my baby bro
looks with his
pockets leg and his swags my baby
brought us what's up on some years
chillin and I'm playing wait is this
passion weird of passion when does a
passion happening so on the terrorist
it's so pretty because everyone's
treating me so wonderful
I'm very very excited and then I'm a new
when it comes fashion but the end is
also a showstopper just like a Bollywood
star so wait you're Travis to me whoever
that is fingers crossed for like Deepika
someone loves that nature but yeah
excited you know spend some quality time
liberal it's detect some one-on-one time
I bro sometimes the best moment the best
memories experiences love it
just log for five minutes the number and
press record basically sorry saying that
we loved the rune show is so good it's
so good I was going to actually need a
hammer head rapping instantaneously so
good but let's be real I'm a male model
ain't nobody mad about that I can go
home with one of those right now right
now
situation
what I said - yo yo I'm feeling all the
ways right now all the way feel like I
love you though I love you too I figured
look at you understand me I just think
we're gonna be Kareena Kapoor meet us um
what I totally
the backstage it's also exciting so
everyone is so much more fabulous than
me right now that's the situation and
more fabulous the number so much we
dressed up for this one occasion
otherwise we'd be in our PJs exactly
that's a situation shorts and a t-shirt
that's right I win same shirt every day
I do it I do also sneak peek of oh snap
is like VIP issue right here sneak peek
know sneak peek sleepy go and with the
wonderful beautiful Kareena Kapoor I'm a
big fan I know from China have you ever
been to try it oh yes yes in fact well -
I think a couple of years ago with
Hrithik I you know I think especially
rock stars well I was actually at that
show rock stars for sure these are all
the people right now and she's super
sweet alumna so basically have this
Twitter mirror that you don't want to
and you sign it and it tweets
this is boombox dicta Crowell cuz I've
never heard of this don't take so
clearly everyone knows except for me I
don't know I think you have to sign it
this is freaking amazing technology we
in Canada we don't have those Olivia
yeah still turn F up got the zircon and
candy ice cream and I'm a bunch of other
stuff a number is getting waffles and
all the love handles are happening right
now all of the love handles are
happening right now no dirt so the
beauty of the signature by selling one
person one sees Deepika I called that
and she's here at the Fashion Show I'm
looking at people thought right now
rotten bra stage wish was here same
icons here
I'm a fortune-teller from a genius I'm a
genius
every life
 nine Englishmen were gone up
okay awesome so we're finally back to
the hotel I am so tired no it was like
dying it was so weird like doesn't
mention before when I came to India the
only person I was like I really want to
meet difficult this trip and you get to
meet it but it was so random and let's
shut up of the fashion show was like
destiny and fate she's so freaking hot
she's but I feel like so bad because
like as soon as the event was done the
paparazzi was like boom on them and I
was like oh my god that's my biggest
fear in life or like paparazzi they
don't care about the well-being of the
person if they're traveling then there's
on it she like disappeared like this so
it's pretty bomb I'm about I'm about and
now we're back home to the Familia and
that's what's up
I left my child no no he doesn't know
okay so well they slowly okay fine the
first thing we met here you know that
everybody knows Sonakshi Sinha's
probably not okay you know we like
before that Clara Kapoor
it's fine okay gray smoke of war safer
gun Deepika guess what's happening right
now the same thing that happens every
damn night no I don't make me sleep
right now forcing me to play signal you
can't play signal with two people he's
fallen in defeat
all right so we want to and then they
want to and then we win last one which
means anyways we went to bed tomorrow
have a press conference for a trip to
unicorn Island from 12:00 to 3:00 and
dismantle courts and videos gives 0
wolves anger that's what's up
we've convinced Armour to come to point
out with us I'm sorry mom and dad for a
while
photo shoots um if you liked it
subscribe comment know if you thank you
subscribe down below subscribe go still
they dad you guys not subscribe if you
like it
