my life is a goddamn shambles welcome
back I suppose we have a water park
Jimmy lives here my tripod is very
broken so I've keep lifting the camera
it is Saturday how are you take a moment
hello Martha Claire how are you how was
your day going it's still weekend I hope
you are well hope you're reflecting hope
you are growing hope you're creating it
to doulas and doing the things on said
live that's my plan for today why
because my life is in shambles here's
the missions you do laundry unpack my
suitcase go through my inbox eat some
delicious burgers give sky rush hours
clean my house come on have a little
date with Rho and everything else is
actually let's do it this is currently
my room
this is the thing with traveling you're
grateful very blessed not everyone gets
to travel I recognize how lucky am but
because I'm done traveling this has
gotta happen to happen so often my room
is always disoriented my bed sheets
aren't even washed yet because before I
left I've been sleeping on a mattress
yes your moussaka came over and she's
like what the hell is this because my
sheets are still just in the washer and
like a week ago so I figure this out
my bra probably doesn't go there I just
let's do it here's the thing right I
know people when they watch my vlogs and
people that know me personally they're
like why don't you get someone to clean
your house or why does this stuff
frazzle you I'm not frazzled I just it
would bother me if this stayed like this
for a while more oh my god I am my
mother but the reason in me to be the
productive hustling person I'm required
to be I just can't do it in this
environment like I need to feel like
alright my issues taken care of my
laundry's done me I can't be hustling
her and writing scripts doing my inbox
knowing that like my clothes are all
dirty like I just can't do it you work
well in an environment that is just on
point and that's what I'm trying to
establish on point
right sweet boy right sweet boy which
means that you could help me by not
missing the pee pad like that okay okay
what are you eating what are you eating
what are you eating
this little guy has got me a little
worried because yesterday and - Thank
You bub yesterday and today he like
refuses to go on a walk which is because
he loves walk but I've been taking him
and he just like puts the brakes on with
the leash and he refuses to move and he
looks so scared so like something is
scaring him about taking a walk and I
was at Google
like oh maybe it's like something
happened on the last walk that you
didn't pick up on so like we gotta get
this guy back to walking because he just
looks so scared he just like stops Neos
look what's wrong I have no idea so we
gotta figure it out oh wow are you
helping mommy empath
thank you so much thank you thank you
baby
i boo m-- unpacked all the Scarb Oh
slippers that he stole from me lined up
not that way laundry's in the washer
we're on our way Bobby's gonna come over
again we just want to like chill this
weekend cuz I'm like Johnny some
friendship town I just want to chill him
by about me get some beyond burgers
which if you haven't had them beyond
possible burgers they're like amazing
veggie burger so pouring into all that
if you joined the live stream ministry
you know this will want to tell you
again I want to just have a moment to
talk to you teams who president
Instagram post as well I have a 50% sale
all members up to fifty percent really
Singh Kham so up to 50% off until May
30th at midnight the sale ends the code
is team super og why is that the cold
why's is to merge let me just I want to
just have a little open letter to you
right now I've been doing a lot of
reflection recently and I do this often
if you know anything about me you know I
like to like think a lot and write a lot
of like reflect and grow I'm all about
those lives I don't like to consider
myself lucky like it really annoys me
actually if people call me lucky and I
think that's because people will see
like awards or like things on Forbes
listens because she's so lucky and that
bothers me because I don't think I'm
lucky in the way that they think I don't
think I'm lucky because I had awards and
I get money and I get all the things
that people like to think are important
I worked really hard for those things if
you follow this vlog channel you know
that I have worked really really hard
I've pulled all-nighters I have failed
and failed and failed I've continuously
stepped out of my comfort zone that's
why I get a lot of those things however
I do consider myself lucky for two
reasons number one is because I
recognize the privilege I had right from
the get-go in order to work very hard
you know I had part of parents hired
parents that could provide for me I was
born in a country that allowed me to go
to school I was born healthy I was born
capable to do all the things I needed to
do so in that sense luck my hard work
has nothing to do with where I was born
that I'm very blessed and lucky second
reason I'm lucky is because I know there
are people out there and hope pray and
hustle just as hard as I do and still
don't have fans like you for that reason
I am also lucky because I could have
worked
very hard but still I could have had
fans that are you are so uniquely
special to me where I truly believe in
you can ask any of my friends and anyone
I talk to I am so adamant on this I say
yo I know everyone has fans but Noah's
fans are like my fans I don't care what
so no one's fans are like my effect the
way you know me well you support me the
way you say yo don't make videos just
take care of yourself like I don't know
many other fans that would talk to a
musician and say don't make music we
don't care don't act we don't care you
care about me and I recognize that and
I'm so grateful and appreciated abuse
and I said this on my Instagram posters
all but I want to repeat it here you
never have to apologize for not getting
merged or not tweeting about my videos
are not doing those things I hold no
expectations of your support in any way
you do it is perfect and beautiful I
know a lot of you were not able to
afford merch if that's the case it's up
to 50% off for the next couple days even
if you still don't get much I don't care
look look at me I'm a bad business
person I don't care if you buy my merch
I don't think of you any less
you're still an amazing fan but in case
you wanted it it is up to 50% off right
now listen calm the court is team super
og until May 30th I freakin love you oh
it is going down as a vegetarian or
vegan as was long as a vegan
something that doesn't happen often with
our food is that sizzle right there you
know I'm talking about a little pop that
little snap crackle pop right there
gonna be cute it's gonna be huge I was
like um I would like to sit on the
tables to work cute so this is so cute
he spoke chill he's like this is fun he
get to the super submissive position he
lets me do it today because he's like
this my mom he's backing up so we're
gonna give you a clean bum bum okay what
do you think well by you know fine I
know the ladies all the men whatever you
wanna win wish it did so good I'm so
proud of your buddy
handsome yeah I think you know yourself
also drink this whole glass of water
even good points and with that good
night to tomorrow did its morning took
on my braids my head is hurting so much
I hate when I wake up with a headache
it's like the worst thing ever because
nothing I do will get rid of it because
it's like pounding all night took the
advil did the tiger balm did the
stretching still hurt so much I tried to
take scar before a walk again this
morning also and he's scared I don't
know what happened or what in his brain
his associated something negative with a
walk but he used to love walk now he's
like no I refuse so I don't I don't got
it I'm taking him to kindergarten in
just a little bitch means is it baby
crying and scared but he's got to learn
so we got it we gotta figure it out the
head hurting who see if this helps we
out here trying fam so I don't know what
this boy's confidence is gone he's so
scared of the stares of walks of other
dogs or the dog smaller than him today
you're still skids we have to work on it
buddy I'm committing from this point on
mom we're gonna work on this every day
with you buddy I got you I know what
you're scared up and I figure it out
okay mommy dark you mommy gotcha bubble
I feel a hundred times better cuz scar
rose with his friend cookie and he's
playful look you're not scared
hi hi baby hi baby
look at this good job buddy good job
i'ma try are you with your favorite
auntie hello Santa looks bad fabulous
role looks at my house of me I'm mrs.
role just shows up with her son wearing
a skirt Oh fabulous oh my gosh okay I
have a blemish here it has been growing
for the last week I can't stop it I have
given up your fabulous everything about
you just cover it like this stop it
you're fabulous Oh cookie right on my
boobs again Oh got the oh my uterus
these two lovebirds right here
Scarborough and cookie are in love with
each other in love Wow buddy
you sniffing the booty this that booty
yes
don't even buy her dinner yet
Scarborough be a gentleman here
gentlemen oh good girl good boy look
good our kids wrote get in the love so
fast all of cookies confidence has
rubbed off on Scarborough Thank You
cookie I know so much better Scarborough
cookie gave him so much confidence he
goes up and down the stairs now get
buddy I knew you could and he was
playing so nice for anymore dog
playdates that's where there's more dog
playdates all right
so star burrs new confidence that's
resulted in a new thing to stress about
I'm doing the dishes and I'm like oh I
haven't heard scarf in a while no more
on this lummox Scarborough freaking out
went upstairs couldn't find him anywhere
homeboy went up two flights of stairs by
himself cuz I don't have gates at the
bottom at the top so it doesn't fall
down because he wasn't able to go up the
stairs one of these stairs and up the
other chairs at the very top of the
house he can't get down so you just
stand so now that I block him from going
up certain places he got get down but
look at you exploring on your own mama
so proud of you buddy
and you're very tired cuz you played the
whole day and mama needs to go put a
face mask on give it a voice I freaking
love ro she's a gem a mother effin jazz
a genuine human being I love spending
time with her tomorrow is a holiday
Monday so I'm gonna still work but none
of the team's gonna be as like a half
work they kind of got a little emails
and stuff to catch up but it's also
video nasal stay tuned for today let's
see how we do
stavros barking I wonder why oh is it
because you're up there don't know how
to get down once again buddy what do you
think is gonna happen if you go upstairs
you're gonna be trapped what are you
gonna do now I can get down you think
you going up the stairs
you
