what's your partner's favorite basic
color red because we love a harder part
if he lives here it is Friday I just
landed from Toronto back into LA not
gonna lie hella tired the good news is I
discovered a way not a way actually I
just learned the rule of travelling with
a pet and this young boy sat on my lap
the whole flight takeoff landing
everything so traveling with him has
become way way easier also like flight
attendants fall in love with him
instantly here is the mission for two
days you do ask superwoman live oh my
god I gotta go through my inbox and then
honestly I'm gonna leave it at those two
things because I just landed and it's
Friday and I wanna do some leisure
things I think Masako is gonna sleep
over and we have a girls night it's
gonna be late let's do it
sweet boy I know you're busy destroying
my backpacking pillow right now but do
you have a good time in Toronto if a
good time in Toronto hello hello hello
that's the vlogging camera and I can get
out here who is the sweetest boy that
ever did exist are you ready for your
first asks of room in life a little bit
oh thank you for the kitchen thank you
for the kitchen oh my goodness look at
this look at this girls girls girls all
right so here's the deal you know if you
know anything about anything if you're
watching for a while you know straight
up
I hate ask Superman live i despise a
suburban life it is so annoying to do
and the technology is literally rocket
science so that's why I hire
professional whenever I need to do this
Tony why you looking so sweet today oh
you know just for you oh thanks Donna
and I've decided to do it because I've
seen all of your tweets asking for it
and I thought yo y'all have been so
supportive in so patient I'll give y'all
a superb emoji style no theme no guests
nothing just me a Geno's popcorn let's
do the damn thing oh and you knew you
nothing new uh y'all why here's things
so funny I bring back of course we won't
be late for the technical difficulties
not really kind of we had to bring the
monitor back from the office it's in the
office but we forgot the mouse so we
just got the most now and it's four
minutes on the stream so we gonna be
late because you know why
fermius purse but it's okay it's okay
because you're gonna do oh geez sorry
I'm surprised you see that we just see
the beach ball
I'm sorry team super won't be on in two
weeks
we're gonna do a skit with hot a live
stream on YouTube and the whole team do
something a little bit cranky Rubio
Scarborough just make I mean I know how
to livestream okay you just have old
people on our team
oh you're right what do we learn saying
live streams aren't evil that's what we
learn I don't know why I just assumed
you I don't know how okay why don't we
try it
something always goes wrong I'm gonna do
asking for life from my webcam right now
because this all of this that's
happening over here is not a vibe right
now see hi booboo yeah what's your
favorite place to visit Singapore
Trinidad but some other guys are not
some so it's kind of like a bittersweet
but I'm gonna say I'm the same like the
solve America's okay that's not like a
country but the South America is I'm
gonna steal I never been but I'm just
assuming Jamaica I like a dark chocolate
man you had to date another youtuber who
would it be
we're gonna be really honest I fear that
I will drive myself into insanity and
loneliness by just working and working
and working and believing that I can't
do anything unless you know that there's
two people in this frame right now I
think we come with the older men
mother interchange right now look at all
of it happy we're answering the
questions we're giving out discount
codes we're doing a damn thing and y'all
send me pictures of spiders y'all need
to stop look at you look how beautiful
y'all look you can even facetune
yourselves look at you oh my goodness
I'm gonna try to figure out and this
room right now I know it says and
screamed everything I click down but
computers gonna blow up so we hope we
did the light and mother-effin happened
this is what I learned I learned no that
one question is are not literally
everyone else in a relationship except
for us I think we should be in a
relationship yeah what do you think Oh
I mean honestly I think battable yes -
we check let's do it let's go to the
Internet the best way so we're doing
about a buzz Qui buzz queen above 20
questions all couples in a strong
relation should be able to answer I'm
gonna ask them for us to massage against
them here we go relationship and you're
pretty happy right we're trying to be
well it's time to put you both to the
test and see if you really know each
other okay
part one partner a Lancer part 1 of the
quiz but themselves and then then we'll
see the number partner B will then
scroll down as far to the quiz my
partner what I guess about me part what
about myself okay what is your favorite
basic color like it's a basic Oh pink
I like pink what is your star sign Oh
God Libra cuz I'm so balanced what do
you think is your best physical feature
okay where are the testicles get come on
my hair what is your best personality
trait
definitely not patience kindness I have
a moment's humor
loyalty I think I'm a very loyal person
what would you be famous or what okay
when he's in the first record so easily
you should get this so easily what is
your favorite sex this your oh my
goodness gracious
I think if she knows me well she's gonna
know I'm gonna feel awkward to put
something else how do you sleep on it my
back on my side on my front on my side
what is your ideal age get married I
don't want to get me great what say I
love you first I'm gonna say she did
favorite type of holiday she knows me
she knows I love the Sun what's your
favorite type of chocolate white
chocolate you could redo the first day
what would you want to do something
food-related favorite season some
pairing part of house I don't nothing
about Harry Potter we'd do something
like Harry Potter I think Gryffindor's
the cool one so I'm gonna say that what
do you think your partner's favorite
part of you is my chest
how many biological cousins you have
more than I can count
they have a hot drink hot chocolate
would you do if you found money on the
floor I find the person that dropped it
do these common beers are you most
scared of heck come on Spike I believe
in God yes absolutely
I got 66 do you mean it I see 6% a while
himself or that even mean they know you
well enough their number should be
pretty close to the one you got what's
your partner's favorite basic color red
star sign what do you think I think my
best physical feature is if I select oh
your hair you should click you think I
wanna say your loyalty be famous for
their sake we talked about married
milk chocolate sundae they then change
it
what's your partner's every season
summer I don't watch Harry Potter but I
know the best one is Griffin girl I
think
Gryffindor's the cool one so I'm gonna
say that one
man your smile okay more than they can
count such they don't know I think you
would at first try and find the person
that dropped it fighters is your partner
believe in God
okay so now the idea is you got a number
okay
your number is 64 yeah okay if you are
number is close to my number
that means we're compatible okay your
number was 64 my number was well build
attention 66 oh if your number at ten or
less point from each other person B
knows person a really well and passed
the test we're within two of each other
the link is in the description if you
want to take in I dare you to try to get
a better scarlet oh wow it's supposed to
be a ladies night it's 11:15 and this
girl out here tapping out hard not
because she finished her lying dirty
away do you want you art I'm trying to
get her to watch Game of Thrones it's
good so why are you sleeping ladies so
we are on we just finished episode 4 of
season 1 of Game of Thrones I just want
to know your predictions what do you
think is gonna happen with the
characters the brother brother the blond
one the sheen that Facebook she don't
know his brother okay yeah I think he's
gonna die cuz he's been acting way too
brand-new okay I don't know I think
someone's like gonna kill the mom
because she's like way too private
investigator and like really trying to
crack down on the Lannister family okay
I think that chubby guy that just got a
jadoo Sam it's gonna die main character
wise oh it's definitely going to be the
brother and the mom so do you think
anyone else is gonna sit on the throne I
think oh he's gonna sit on the throne
wait like not immediately yeah not
immediately but I think of
it's gonna be her so you think the two
people that are gonna die are Cleese's
brother yes and Ned starts wife yes
are we talking about I'm talking about
season one mm-hmm
and Sam that new character that was the
people you thing here died yes she just
said I know I'm right they're not gonna
kill the boy after all that he's been
through Bren yeah well ladies nice
ending before midnight because both yes
do better I'm gonna sleep in you better
sleep in my girls I'm not sleeping over
what was sleep over I had to be my
grandma's at 10:00 yeo-hwa yeo-hwa let's
get a drink
yah
you
