yeah yeah I guess what time is it out is
this the time it
that's am headed to an interview we're
in Toronto let's do it
just finish my interview and he was
sitting on my lap the whole time and you
wouldn't even know such a good boy you
are when you think buddy what do you
think hair makeup done luck Oh welcome
back Lizzy buzz we have harder practice
believes you here's the mission for
today's you better do a phone interview
a TV interview a TV interview go to
rehearsal and then I'm done around 4:00
or 5:00 which is not too bad we go I'll
go as pie Yard House we already did an
interview and we got a hair and makeup
done so points points points points
points though I just released a bonus
video give me the points and I'm so
excited to tell you about it essentially
is my first major initiative as a UNICEF
global goodwill ambassador I know if
you're in India you probably know about
this because they talked about at fan
fest but here's the deal last year I
became a UNICEF global goodwill
ambassador and I've been thinking about
ways to make an impact on the world
during my field visit to India I noticed
that everyone regardless of their
financial situation had cell phones like
it was so common to see people on the
streets of a cell phone that everyone
used YouTube it was like such a common
thing I also learned that one of the
biggest issues in India is that they
can't communicate information the mass
is because 1.2 billion people so there's
a hotline a helpline for kids 1098 it's
free it's confidential it is to help
kids against violence a lot of people in
the country don't know about this
helpline so I partnered up with YouTube
and created a PSA a public service
announcement that will run as an ad in
India letting people know about this
hotline so hopefully kids can see it and
if they are facing violence they can
call along with that I launched social
graphics on my Twitter on my Instagram
all that stuff please share them I know
sometimes you're thinking like I don't
know what you want in your like I got
chain of reactions the beautiful thing
with the world you could post something
so where else could repost it somewhere
else do we post that and there could be
a chain reaction to someone in India
getting this information because the
post you started so the graphics are
available I've posted them please share
I don't care if you use a hashtag that's
not about getting a hashtag to trend
it's not about like a publicity thing no
it's literally so more kids just know
about this resource that is available to
them if there
violence oh that's my lunch today I'm
really excited I hope you guys will help
me share it awesome awesome awesome what
do you think Scarborough boy when you're
a nasty little boy small a small
something I hate her man roads to
disperse to interview with et Canada how
was above a brick how'd you do I agree
you know that he was soaked it wasn't he
so good he's so good when he was so good
right there on that journalists first
interview you're so famous everyone's
talking about it
oh did you second interviewer you talk
Wow I wasn't I wasn't everyone's talking
about it buddy I was talking about it
price right straight on or that way
the serious matter there's no laughing
here in part two what you doing no no
like that no no don't be a lady the only
lab back home each one went on stage and
YouTube help you two bathrooms presented
here today because my channel has a
small set of subscribers oh my fuckin
that sounded like the F word but I said
freakin God this stage and venues where
I rehearse 482 you I I didn't realize
that don't humble just came here and
told me but oh my god I've got some down
time so we're gonna do performance you
can remember the words to lab which I'm
pretty sure it will not be a lily let
him not thousand dollars on a purse left
still got to wish impulsive pay less
weapon daggers Clark uh left sweet mouth
like being hurt oh my god okay mom
good say you hate mama cuz she's dumb
let live you're free and good food
Norway say you take drama queens like
your friends but girl you don't want
with the crown on your head oh gee lol
oMG lol you gotta say let you would let
me fifteen will forever be known as oh
my god you're so skinny go back and
watch later' IV i v-i we watch them both
we sleep were so skinny now we'll just
on it a chubby old mountain segment or
$300 headphones always been in now you
the Jewish deaf around them in your mama
car yeah but you probably like it's
y'all trippin gas money thinking you
would give to women
laughs it's an it the only wishing
infinity only way you're getting a
little you really really thinking that
the Pippen boys cuz you got a haircut
from Mad Men voiceovers for tomorrow to
let people know to put the booties in
the seeds is very official business
right here hey everyone
the show is about to start the doors are
now open so get inside and we are
finished rehearsal humbles I just
included him way more on the show I was
like you know I want to write you in
here and like you in yourself clear weed
up I love being on stage with humble
it's a good vibe so this little boy is
so well behaved pride and joy so first
of all check out my hotel room like
YouTube done spoil a girl I mean look at
all this look at all this look at all I
walk in and look what I see my homegirl
killing it Hoopa core big off your folks
is so much natural I like killing the
game to even keep Scarborough some
treats it's a dog friendly hotel you
loves you get to run around everywhere
theme some treats right like come on to
the game Scarborough she gonna walk
that's not how a leash work silly come
on obviously Tim Hortons tell us about
try his first ice cap it's a monumental
moment with soy milk though it's all
good I don't know how to do soy milk
it's very good oh what's been going on
nothing I just beat Taylor and homo
monopoly deal two times whatever give me
pause repeat that three times I was like
I want you guys to know but you see this
okay tonight there's a new thing to have
a life aside it's called pulling a
little Eagle it's called winning two
times how many times did you weigh how
many times I what do you think about
Toronto I love it it's all time so nice
it's awesome yo ass bro I'm gonna go to
bed it's late
hey tell tomorrow where I am hosting
YouTube
you
