it is Monday super Monday we go do the
damn thing everyone grows up thinking
that Monday's of horeb we gotta go back
to school I'll go back to work I love
Monday I'm like yo I children the
weekend all right get back to work I'm
excited to make some H happen here's a
mission today you have a meeting then I
shoot video 1 video 2 after two another
third video for my channel but a thing
that you don't know about but I got to
tell you about and then I think I also a
recorder went oh my god those four
videos also not focus focus
goddammit then I got a pack because
tomorrow morning we are heading to to
run on all that and more we gonna kill
it today to get it that's the one young
boy what do you tell all the puppies out
there on Mondays
say on Mondays we hustle harder right
baby what you can do
you're gonna play catching and catch the
toys you're gonna run you can do extra
poops today everything on Monday right
humble Monday's am i right
just finish my meeting also leftover
popcorn from yesterday for breakfast
it's a bull goddamn bag I'm so babe do
you do any physical activity do you not
see all the stairs in my house I do
right now
no someone do physical activity with me
Brogan do physical activity me and no
one know yo Scarborough come here we're
gonna do a some exercise exercise
Scarborough let's go meet you
Scarborough oh thank you Bubba but you
and Trey doing some yoga with mommy I'll
take that as an overwhelming yes let's
do it these all look very hard we're
gonna go first with the boat pose which
I don't even think a body could do that
I think it's photoshopped personally but
we're gonna try it's like I need a lot
of core what do you think like a boat
pose here we go
nobody child ok child pose essentially
me lying on that's what we're gonna do
summer sit sit you said it are you sick
are you downward dog happy baby pose
yeah knee to chest pose okay but over
there Wow
good boy burning my invisible AB we're
gonna do bridge pose oh wow extend one
arm one leg stretch K that's a very do
not creative name and I'm sweating so
much scrub okay I can't throw up in my
little bit I might shoot a video
go make a little mini hospital
alright so today's video is based on a
true story okay it's about food babies
and this is the creation of the food
baby this is so exciting every other
video I've ever shot at them all this
makes me so happy the day old movie
popcorn got a Big Mac that I obviously
can't eat but the other person was we
got dog walk and you know was that way
this was extra wasn't it yeah when I
type with the budget we got Cheetos
Chipotle chips Brogan's favorite not cut
legs we got we got cut towels
we got Tim Rogen brought these veggie
chips so make sure you put top comment
in the video be like what the f that was
sort of places all her whose interface
the inspiration for this video as people
like me that will likely never get
married and have kids or just have kids
so we only have food babies because when
they're so full and you feel like you're
pregnant that's my autobiography of my
life I'm like the before and after
pictures if it's always after but I mean
always before but I don't even need to
stuff anything I'll show you why she's
gonna open flat with my grandson closest
I am getting two grams of Scarborough
Jeep
how are you let's do interview with
Scott Brody Scott what is what do you
think about being doctor or lawyer you
want to be engineer - that's my good boy
could you could you could you could you
tell me what you think about girl before
marriage that's right the coupies that
shame shame the bom-bom best hide that's
right who's your favorite in the family
huh
not me me oh oh so cutie so cute why do
you think your mummy so dumb because she
never clean room you right you like look
right now look like look this look this
there's a bloody house there's a bunny
pen ha that's right I am your favorite
okay giving me very clean don't touch
but give me very clean very clean give
me don't that third is this this don't
don't touch now don't that don't that
with your peepee don't touch that oh are
you giving me slap on my face
okay peepee thank you finally I am
looking for wife for my grandson makes
your high education not talking too much
make sure dog clean like this one and
make sure very good at doing dishes but
I am believing in a quality thank you so
this next videos lazy things we all do
and it's a list of thing that I do every
day in my life this is another bad you
think that comedy but no I'm just
telling you stories from my life I'm a
hotter than this I'm so not put together
but yeah take it well for the next video
I'm not gonna tell you too much but I
needed a hospital bed or a small
inanimate object and this is what I
created it's a hospital but the pen is a
placeholder I made it out of an eraser
for a whiteboard paper towel and Kleenex
time with nine both video that's what I
do a rant and do another video for my
channel record those music do my makeup
again which is by far the worst part of
the whole scenario because they're
recording I don't mind the doing of the
makeup that I mind Rajan's here Roach
and I just side in unison same time I
guess because we have to leave for the
airport at six which like is really soon
I feel that's kind of soon I feel so
there's a lot to be done still you guys
you have to see how Scarborough sleeping
right now it is the cutest thing in the
entire world
all right just for writing to rants and
one other things about YouTube shell so
three things number to record all the
days right now let's do it but first and
foremost look at this sweet boy right
yeah you me schiavelli let me see baby
oh I want belly rubs mom video 1 video 2
video give me all the puts give me all
the points put them in the bag time
life's a lot give them to me I said lock
not not but you know what I'm talking
about this by the way is remainder I
didn't ask if I could do this but he's
taking pictures of me he's from Banga
studios they're awesome
they did my pictures for 82 you on the
plane and all that stuff he's doing a
day in the life but what have you
learned for the day in my life what am I
so pretty much I've learned maybe
slightly crazy slightly she's a
workhorse that's pretty much where of
course completely safe now I am going to
do my laundry and pack you know we did
we encouraged those be encouraged and he
did let's try to capture it well you
want me to do it again
all right is the one we kind of hope you
right now we're proud of you there's a
lot of progress today a professor an
engineer a lawyer an architect is my
side my side neither genius person is
every immigrant parents dream
I swear Scarborough has more stuff than
me odd I just drink a glass of water now
I'm gonna go to bed I'm so tired it is
like 3:00 a.m.
my laundry is still in the dryer but I
can't finish this until that's done but
I'm gonna go to bed for a little bit and
then maybe wake up and do that or just
and the wall the point is I'm going like
my I'm done it's done let's do did made
you love to everyone I checked on my
video if girl talks I don't like guy
talking if you haven't yet check out my
main channel what you doing here go
there right now
you
