any other emaze okay I woke up quite
early because of jet lag and I'm mad
about that I'm mad waking up right no
what a mad about that but I'm like in a
state of like excitement and nervousness
and like just a whole bunch of things
for no reason like I'm not even doing
anything major I'm not presenting up
before minute we I think I'm just going
and it's such a like being thrown into
this really freaking cool environment
not knowing what to expect that's why
I'm nervous it's like I don't know what
to expect it's outside of my comfort
zone something I'm unaware of but I'm so
excited to like learn new things
hopefully meet cool people I'm just a
feeling it oh my god I need to go get
shoes though for my outfit so that's
main priority right now let's go find
some shoes we're on the journey together
team super family Tom high-five what up
t-shirt reference site you know how to
rock my Nicki t-shirt at some point I'm
a little shopping to find some shoes
right now
Nicki yeah I'm so excited to see her
live on stage I don't care where nobody
up and say I love me some Nicki Minaj
okay I love her energy I love that she
has like a carefree vile
I know y'all can say a lot of negative
things about her I do not care I you
know let me tell you why don't kill me
break this down for you this is mad
sentimental for two minutes stay in the
washroom right here we have sentimental
moment you know some people has comment
to the YouTube views but you're saying
real music they say whatever whatever
people need to realize all that is their
opinion because like one day two years
ago and it's a true story I sort of got
to two issues but whenever Nicki
released Roman's revenge
I bought that CD and I remembered that
day I was feeling really down I was
probably like coming out of depression
whatever I played her CD for whatever
reason it might not have been because
the lyrics were so meaningful or
anything it was just for some reason I
played her CD and I remember that first
track you know what it wasn't in Romans
ranch it was like Pink Friday it was
that that that song called I'm the best
I remember listening to it and it just
so emotionally changed what I was
feeling like I remember feeling so much
better
something about to be something about
her attitude in the voice something
about that song just made my day so much
better and I'll always remember
listening to that CD for the first time
for me
yo heard songs have like done some ish I
don't know for what reason just that
overall vibe she has like has done some
stuff so like I dig you Nicki I will
support you Barb's her life no worries
bottom on Tings I need to go find some
shoes now Nikki Nikki Nikki from
chemistry look look at all the MTV EMA
signs so excited this is mom
no there you go this sweater right here
I thought it was cute so check the price
128 pounds is 128 pounds
I don't care how much money I'm making
my life like like really and truly be
smart commonsensical unity Tory well
brands and expensive things honestly
just what would you like even if you
like stuff that's expensive bomb if you
like stuff that's not expensive bomb but
just don't buy things solely on brands
you don't need to do that trust me one
day I told them of one day if I ever
become really famous and I have to walk
a red carpet a really big important one
I'm Miller onesie I'm gonna make a
statement where onesie and we could ask
me what am I wearing I'm gonna say
Walmart I'm wearing Walmart I'm wearing
a onesie
that's my goal mark this mark this day
one day we were a onesie on a red carpet
until then I do find some real lady yo
so the coolest thing just happened so
rad so this whole entire Street were
just in the shop in the whole entire
Street they really shut down for two
minutes and was completely silent for a
remembrance date like though all the
shops turn up in music all the shops
everyone inside one quiet everything so
inquire for tumors from everyone's day
so rad I love when like there's that
like pride and my passion about things
that's really cool also I have to say I
was reading the comments from
yesterday's vlog I owe an apology I
understand that Lucky Charms and
leprechauns are not Scottish I know this
I promised my stopover was an island so
the miscommunication so when I was the
commercial go I have my stopover in
Dublin first and then went Scotland so
my brain was like I'm gonna Ireland it's
Colin so when I said that stuff I think
I was subconsciously think about Ireland
I know that leprechauns and Lucky Charms
are not from Scotland so to all Scottish
people and Irish people I apologize for
that confusion I love you team super
don't kill me you made Sassoon you're
amazing soon is literally everywhere
everywhere look at this
welcome look for example I'm vlogging
right here there's a sign right there
let's talk about the EMAs every store is
like welcoming EMA's it's just like I'm
so excited what would happen if I was
actually someone important I mean and
not just like
pretending to be Zulu bird I'm getting
my
I'm so classy
I think I'm also eating my hair
yo some back home this girl's real cute
my hair is totally gonna fall out by the
time the show starts out month ago their
kids that went to recut of do a touch of
my hair I'm gonna get ready you just put
a base of makeup on and then go there
and someone's gonna do my hair and
makeup and hopefully my nails we get
time to do nails this is what I do so I
do why there's doing elle's and events
why did I leave this until I I don't
know why do this there's no time I am
going to charge all my devices right now
and like maybe lie down for a minutes we
all know this is a horrible idea and I
shouldn't do it but that's not bitten
and run away and trackpad to the image
right now we're gonna get this all song
as soon as I get there with my hand my
makeup and the dress um but let's just
forget hope I didn't forget anything
so whatever's all know you press record
it's according us but if I go like this
sorry Bertha mostly this is the camera
not this time we couldn't visit us to
watch this is the camera but this is the
blog I'm gonna put this right now
because I know many people like think
they're recording me and I'm standing
over there like no this is recording
what's that Wonder Woman Lily's thing
superwoman damn girl ready dough so red
nails on the nilly did she laugh she
literally laughs I'm also about three
people working on my hair right now my
red carpet time got moved up so now
we're in utter chaos
this is what chaos looks like at least
I'm wearing fabulous rings I borrowed
these rings from them there was another
one I wanted but Ariana took it
which I guess is more than acceptable
Oh
your uniform
yes Hollywood uniform tell me
yeah
I'd be a very important for movies all
right so the show is about to start we
are heading to our seats it's called the
glam pit crossover between glamorous and
watch
Award for Best Song
we don't
beside me issue engineer may not
tonight delay starting just one honey
thank you so cool because I'm so
fascinated by it okay some question for
it I consider myself a unicorn oh yeah
I'm good
I need me to every sit it would call it
with your unicorn tell me lavender
lavender yeah no one has ever responded
with really much pink fuchsia so you see
that I see that for sure
so weird is weird thank you yeah so I'm
back in my hotel room so many thoughts
are going through my brain right now
what is my like well we're gonna talk
about this tonight I had to come home
the after parties happens I've had two
that I change into my combat boots
because like yo my feet was broke my
feet were hurting so badly so um but
we're going to have to party now I'm not
gonna take my vlogging camera but I'll
take my phone
hopefully just I can't care there's
nowhere to put you and I don't want to
drop you and lose you if I get turnt and
I mean I love you um yeah
what is life yeah I'm back from the
after party today was surreal I don't
get it
my brain doesn't get it I don't get it I
didn't meet Nikki I didn't meet her this
is literally like the second or third
time I've ever tried to meet Nikki once
back in the day I also went to a club
and like waited hours and hours to meet
her I didn't meet her but I say she's
worth the way I'm a huge Nikki fan I
will wait and wait and wait until the
day I get to meet her and take a selfie
with her and like become homies with her
it's fine everyone I met with so super
sweet and I'm gonna go back to my point
of when you hear crap well people do not
believe it about them being rude or
stuck-up do not believe it until you
meet them first time I met
Ariana she was so sweet I'm an IDI was
so sweet my soul people are so sweet I'm
confused I feel like I cannot properly
address this day because it's too
overwhelming I need to sleep on it and
address it tomorrow I don't get my life
I mean this whole after party I've been
mingling with MTV people I'm tee pees on
my vision board like I don't get my life
right now
I actually the entertainment industry is
crazy experiencing things firsthand it's
just it doesn't make sense seeing Ariana
the way she interacts with people seeing
the way that Nikki attracts people
seeing that their business strategies
seeing it all firsthand it's just it's
crazy I'm so incredibly privileged and I
just the main thing I take away from
today is that you all have legitimately
changed my life if you told the five
year old version of me that I be able to
go to the EMAs and Scotland I'm in
Scotland if you told me this I'd be like
shut up I just genuinely want to say
like you guys you guys have given me
like my entire life of dreams that have
ever dreamt of and like things that are
beyond my imagination you've given to me
and I want to spend the rest of my life
being grateful to you I swear to god you
guys are giving me I'm at the emails you
guys are tweeting me saying so proud of
super Matt the emails you may like that
that stuff means they gotta mean
something to me you guys believe in me
you are there for me I just can't
express enough gratitude to you thank
you so much you guys are amazing you're
phenomenal I'm really emotional right
now
I've had enough phenomenal day I need
tampons tomorrow because I I'm just
gonna start crying you guys are amazing
you've made some girls dreams some girl
who's been through depression who goes
who's been through so much stuff for a
Charlaine like who wants a 1-point take
her life when you guys have given her
all this stuff it just doesn't make
sense to me
doesn't make sense to me so I just can't
even address you guys right you guys are
amazing if you like it subscribe you
like it if you do like it subscribe bye
