my mom Beetlejuice and I must English
but yeah this morning what's up the Sun
is not shining because it's right here
hey you need to humble yourself what
today is an exciting day this Friday's
missions you do matter make up guy thing
governor met I'm gonna host a Q&A with
Jesse ray as a fellow Torontonian then
have a styling appointment Ben's gonna
browse the training and then Friday all
that everyone is doing apologies I talk
really really fast but maybe you just
listen slow no I talk really fast I'm
sorry I will slow down now so excited
during myglam the following happen early
everyone is here Brogan yes we got a
tweet about someone think you're hot how
do you feel about that
how do you feel about wow right is the
tomato dish stuff is he believe it or
not actually knows how to use all of
these things what is this brush for okay
sleepy boy so yesterday during glam I
drew some pictures knocked back pretty
much Picasso door amazing so I'm like yo
let's step it up during glam instead of
meeting I mean I'm sucking but let's see
if I can guess what's in the bag bro
again can you put some a random crap in
a bag and meet me here it's urgent stuff
everything else are doing all right is
there random crap in here lots of rain
and lots of random crap but do you think
I could guess what it is the looking yes
okay I mean I can guess because I looked
at it oh yes that makes a lot of sense
okay let's do it alright I'm not gonna
look there's nothing like gross in here
is there like moving you know your jobs
on the line it's wrong it's harder than
I thought oh wait wait this is a pepper
what kind like a like a look of green
pepper right or red pepper it's a pepper
as this damn and this is pepper her
yellow
I can't I can't feel the color okay Bell
bell peppers are huge
yeah well it's like one of those long is
arm that just called peppers are the hot
peppers
okay member this is a remember it's a
jalapeno Oh what did you laughing oh
okay up next ready he's in pencil okay
that one was easy okay I'm amazing
my holding one thing or two this is how
the bag is open apparently that's felt
like shells yes my car Wow
yes come on avocado yes good I'm so good
yes the trash is trash it something
knitted well I know what it is oh oh I
know what this is it's a knitted scarf
my dog oh yes okay I don't know what
this is it's a little bootie how did you
not know what that was uh he'll really
do another booty booty I know was
reeling from this isn't a toy like a
bobblehead type of toy like what I
specifically know what this is no I mean
you're pretty much right it's a ball yes
this is some sort of candy oh no baby
other thing I like it's something a
bunch of pop my friends talk about these
all the time yeah they love war doesn't
happen yes okay comment below let me
know
I'm challenged as clearly I'm just the
master you are okay Masako hasn't seen
Scarborough yeah haircut Scarborough was
that glad you come boy sweetheart I'm
out of breath so I definitely thought
fast bad bad I'm so excited about life
one of my favorite Twitter fan accounts
is here her name is cosmic crouton I'm a
zoom in on her real quick
y'all need to sit down if you're
standing sit down cuz you're about to
meet a queen right now and if you've
been living under a rock or the rock
lucky you for a second
her voice is like you're gonna be shook
mother-effing shook when you hear just
your insulin Jesse double Scarborough
already and the whole thing she's
Toronto's sister yeah you can tell right
there because common wretchedness
so you're gonna see it before man
doesn't be the best moment of your life
for right here talent thank you for the
intro but for you my career because
anything I will now be I you know I
respect that and I respect that also
humbles here
I just ate seven personal pizzas so what
was the inspiration behind the glow-up I
see you're rocking some original threads
here how much did that set you back how
do you deal with the pain of your mom
ignoring you
never so just for the viewers if you're
trying to figure out where his line of
sight is it's that all that as you can
see this Q&A and here the best voice in
all the land alright guys so we're about
to watch a series
and Louis and I find is machetes 30
million people wanna strike how much
would it take me to spread those legs
apart
yep right yep
they are scheduled as open up you could
be famous if you can't help anywhere
else Molly which drink nope which we
guys they're pretty bad cases don't you
know don't you know I like drive on it
cuz I'll remember and I'll like fix it
every time your family like in like two
years time when you go there no one's
gonna be able to tell you like and we
spend time here I'm gonna end it off
well the question I think is really
important so I have a initiative called
girl up and it's all about women
supporting women because I feel like we
got a pooch about the sisterhood I feel
like you know the industry and society
they always try to pin women against
each other yeah they make you believe
there can be one girl that successful
wrong girl at the top arms like nah the
sisterhood collectively can be
successful together email being a huge
se zoom is the other yes whatever is yes
yes right now want to be there for my
Ronald sister and I want to help her and
I feel like it doesn't have to be Jessie
really said these two sisters can
succeed together in and that's what it's
all about that's what loves about so I
want to ask you in your life whether
it's professionally and personally moves
of woman who is really champion you
across your mother of course and are you
probably assume up is there someone in
the industry I guess I'm trying to say
there's many women in the image yeah he
says Nokia
if you vocal about it same thing
preaches the sisterhood preaches how
important that is preaches how it's an
uphill battle
just a little Kalani to come on open up
our three minutes that means so make it
rain like honestly it's a blessing to be
here in this atmosphere and this climate
because it's not like the problems are
solved it's not like we do have issues
with obviously obviously there are still
problems obviously there's two issues in
different city we got wakes if y'all
like the song you need to tweet a body
you to post about you to let people know
what happened on the concert and genuine
and authentic this Queen right here and
finished my styling and they're very
cute outfit fat my butt looks great and
 with that fat burgers I'm tryna be
fan right independence terrace here's
why he is so good at training today's of
genius isn't he super smart he's super
smart we also both got milk humble
this is for you from me you're like
fiend with the fiend
yo just spent some time eating watching
some stuff playing some monopoly deal
tune out a little bit tomorrow
I'm sleeping in so hard and I'm so
excited but for today I think we killed
him let's do it
until tomorrow good night good morning
good afternoon wherever you are
cover your wee-wee Scarfo no dirty
varies
you
