water productivity lives here happy what
day is the Thursday Thursday there is so
much happening let me break it down for
you
cactus Cairo to get groomed for the
first time tweak a script going on to
Kimmel release my video guide and a lot
of things everything else is bonus for
you that's what it's about making 24
hours counted I gotta make it count with
me let's do it downstairs look who's
home look what he's doing
I've created a monster a monster okay I
just dropped Scarborough off I am having
such a mother Moen right now because I
know he's gonna be there I know he's
scared and he crying for like two hours
but he needs to get his haircut ain't
Nisa groomed his hairs too long I see
well exactly same but felt oh my
goodness Scarborough looks completely
different before oh good boy you're so
much lighter you look like a little
puppy careful careful oh yeah what a
good boy
Wow it didn't need a handkerchief I know
you're really scared but you did such a
good job you get so many treats let's go
oh he's so much smaller and some he's a
completely different color so before
that first coat was like his puppy hair
and I didn't want it to be so short I
still want to be fluffy but his hair was
so nano's irritated him so I'm like
whatever makes him feel better and I was
so smooth so SOG and he looks like a
different papi
are you such a good boy he bit up the
groomer so better when you were so
scared but you did such a good job put
your handkerchief oh my god you were
ready for Kimmel and you were such a
good boy you know that you still love
mommy I guess your mom I guess you if I
kiss your belly will you showcase my
voice what do you think thank you mother
your nice shirt papi damn Oh a little
baby snowflake Oh on my left I'm like yo
I feel like don't you guys think that
first of all what is it like working
with me one sentence each awesome
incredible you're like I'm so annoying I
like to make up you know I'm not eating
praying for tonight
good night pop is sitting on my lap also
can you maneuver around my puppy and I
always do so many things so today I'm
going to decide to like why some
challenges will I do my glam what what
does it come up with don't come with
other dream my glam guru challenges okay
I read you can use a pencil crayons and
paper bread bread bread okay you heard
me oh yeah I'm gonna try to draw things
while y'all do my hair and makeup yay
yay yay professionalism but the thing is
I cannot really see I always have to
look up and I close my eyes I'm gonna
try to draw things I'm pretty sure you
friggin nail this okay while I draw my
first picture what are you gonna do I'm
gonna line the inside of your upper
eyelashes okay sounds good I tend to
draw myself okay
still not dangerous
you got the boots try to do we should
give the boobs like we didn't do out
looking okay with that look like a oh
yeah all right perfect
I'm gonna hat on you real quick oh good
actually really good laugh out of the
brown marker but version look inside
wait my boobs are this size I was okay
come on come you know what I'm fact fit
sighing this for one y'all and you can
find a way to win it on the fan page
okay this is art right here
one-of-a-kind you're welcome alright
next I'm gonna draw Scarborough mother's
love right that's a bugger gonna sign
this one so it's the frames ready in
your house homes because if that doesn't
look just like if he ever get philosophy
just put this up on the pole literally
sniffing he's never gonna get lost but
I'm just saying so he asked on the fan
account what I should drive next I'm
newly zamars that humble space when you
lose the knobbly deal so humble in
general I'm honest I'm like yo this
right now just
not only am i drought home bitch we're
just some props to humble jinguk that my
eyes are closed right now okay get this
looks wrong but my attack these are
green bananas with humble I thought it
was better than humble in real life I
would just think he looks hella cute is
beards on point guys sure I got the
green bananas got the what the app I'm
gonna go ahead and sign this too and I'm
gonna humble to sign this as well so he
knows and you want to win this round
small releasing fans yes it's alive on
Twitter and you could win one of these
runs no big deal I think it's safe to
say you guys cake tomorrow meeting my
glam gun again bring me some new
challenge bring me something harder
because clearly about favor doing a high
ponytail yes we are running agendas
do you like how mommy looks come on
there you gotta get your outfit to take
off something top shows and 30% of is
what you're saying other stress over 70%
of Congress City the whole time with you
my sitting properly my feet okay the
posture okay I'll outfit look it's just
did you hear
I just I'm single it's you that's single
single all right yeah Jimmy couples form
on there let's do it
similar starters videos have seen more
than two billion times now humans to a
slightly bigger screen Canadian cracked
open to Tim Hortons or something
fuck you I'm gonna say I'm gonna hope
for no so I'm gonna go with no flannel I
would think that's a yes you say yes yes
it is not Candice from Wales
Wow nice tone of your friend William H
Macy oh oh actually I'm gonna hope yes
is what you made so now you're in this
HBO movie which is very very exciting
oh boy it's really rare I think that
somebody will make the leap from YouTube
to like HBO which is about as good as
again and it was a cool set I mean there
was a lot of fire
a lot of flamethrowers right yeah that's
always the hottest thing on set
important well you have a lot of
celebrity crushes don't ya as a Canadian
do you even know what Fahrenheit means
baby
I'm the worst Canadian done and I didn't
cough i was suppressing that honestly
I'm like kind of embarrass us bad kid in
my defense those are tricky all the hell
you talk about I didn't add ink off it
was great and it was fun and I'm trying
to like anyone that knows me knows if I
were done talking back and advic
stressing and prepping in front of my
eyes I was like no I'm just be myself
and be me it smells completely just me
being like yo yes I talk about the rock
like this yes I have crushes yes I'm
thirsty you know what's not the
reflector that I make fun of you guys
I'm going to show a little bit and not
to take it personally and then I say my
parents are awesome right after so you
know I'm joking
he was like okay I'm like do your
parents come visit and I'm like yeah
first I'm thinking for a week second
time they came for like two days when
they came like a hope that trend
continues like I'm kidding my parents
are awesome I still want to come visit
it was the show I have to be fun okay
guys Scarborough just went up the stairs
I won't try again no we can there's I
take him all the way here we'll work on
it baby we'll work on it
yep dinner is served
are you a happy boy with your new
haircut huh you know it's a little short
and everybody said you look so cute
and I'm sure he's probably so much more
comfortable I'll be less hot his hair
was so tangled this bird was so long I
was so smooth and it's not irritated and
you can actually see because before you
hear you suck on your eyes and your food
you happy boy are you happy boy I'm too
busy eating your sweater right now to
address these issues
wonder what colors furs gonna grow in
like it's been part white part black
part gray just a mix just a cover you
Lele got a cover you II could be your
weaving what are relaxing few hours I'll
watch some TV pay some fortnight doing
the damn thing with a productive they
never release the videos but we can miss
them every news about Ashley straight up
actually I love you but crystals smile
Ashley and cut all the props miles with
most the crystals were piles just to let
you know let's get ready today until
tomorrow when more stuff is gonna happen
because stuff happens every day why
because we feel every day is still
you
