whatever when it's a girl superwoman and
welcome to a very special vlog available
blog here on super log's so those of you
have been following me for quite some
time know that last year i was on the
set of my first feature film called dr.
cabbie it is coming out tomorrow
september 19th 2014 and I'm so excited I
actually did vlog during that whole
experience last year and I'm gonna share
some behind the scenes with you that I
took all my camera and I was so excited
to show you and yeah I just I was
editing it and it was such an emotional
roller coaster because so much of my
life has changed since then and to see
where I was and where I've come this is
absolutely phenomenal make sure you guys
check out the movie on September 19th
grab your tickets in theaters it's
absolutely phenomenal starring brave
Romani Kunal Nayyar Isabel Kaif it's
just wonderful I have a small role in it
and but doesn't matter how small or how
big I'm very excited it was great
experience just before I show you the
behind the scenes know that this was a
year ago so like I didn't know how to
vlog also I was using my iPhone 4 and
the quality is really bad but forgive
the quality forgive the sound call you
might return the volume up and down
forgive all that and kind of just go on
the journey with me so I present to you
the official superwoman
behind-the-scenes making-of dr. cabbie
going on I'm honestly so humbled and so
excited and so blessed if you have this
opportunity I feel really really nervous
but I feel really good inside because I
feel like I like this like I feel like
you know someone just is my hair and
makeup but it has nothing to do with the
prestige of those things so to say more
so the experience like I feel really
blessed and I feel really like yes like
I like this I like this feeling I like
acting I love where this is going I love
it so this is my first day on set I
thought I would vlog it um so we can
enjoy the experience together and I
can't wait for you to come on this
journey with me I'm so excited my
character's name is Lilly my real name
is Lilly except her name is spelled with
less out what okay see you soon
this is my
forty
both day of shooting I have two more
days left on Friday Saturday and Sunday
I love it I love the sex this is my
trailer again and my experience so far
has been totally awesome having such a
good time the cast is so so so nice like
I I can't even believe how nice their
with their exceptionally nice people so
I'm very class and the whole crew is
awesome like you're a vlogger by with
them I'm going to do see them and my
experiences as far as the first couple
days I was nervous and obviously I would
never show it but I was a bit nervous
inside now I'm like totally comfortable
and I love it I love being in front of
camera I love Appeals I love being able
to like bring something to the character
and I'm learning things every day I
learned so much things that I'm just
like oh my good so such a great
experience and I'm standing on the couch
but I wouldn't introduce you guys to my
future husband you may recognize at the
Mortal Kombat whose name is Liu Kang we
dumped you babies right yeah Fung
they're dancing party babies is that
racist I think it's a good kind of
that's what it would be and that's mommy
been on set for 14 hours now rock star
lifestyle
I'm ready getting ready listen I'm
getting ready to go home an awesome day
on set yeah
freakin love it the weather's kind of
crappy but I'm hoping tomorrow I'll be
okay and we should have a good time and
good in this is me without makeup and
howdy news dinner make me less fugly
and look what T I bought one because she
knows there are love everyone fix my
fugly hair Oh beautiful hair awesomeness
as probably still wet as well so we can
take care of that too fabulous miss
because she's fabulous all hurts it's
all her it's all now I would go sleep in
my chair
two dopes all right check it out and
ready to go on set I woke up from my nap
my hair is kind of messed up but I'm
gonna tell them that the wing did it and
then
this is not looking to do with supermuc
have a yeah to set what up as you can
see we're all working very very hard we
work hard it was one and cool all there
so friggin competitive for no reason
right now hello hello hello Lily
are you
one went back into hair and makeup
they've decided I'm ugly again record as
you see the hard work is continuing
she's so this is this is Giselle she's
the brains behind only record we're a
film crew this is this is my vlogging
what I love it oh okay finished shooting
it's 1:30 a.m. too bad not too bad 13
hours you today
no complaints love in what I'm just do
that Cosby no loving what I'm doing
still Corbin a still has to stay there
for several several hours but it's a
wrap for today thanks for joining me
everyday clothes
this is me how she's my baby
she chose me and she's been messing with
master of putting faces and that Kunal
is trying to like photobomb us right now
cuz he's jealous guys my last day on set
are gonna miss me
oh yes yes it's Warren blast you to warn
your head with the 24 pack of ABS
Omega did matter no son
okay I couldn't give it I could still
get this poker ooh
take a minute no group you know with
nibbles the big balls poke ooh just man
played poker ooh Oh guru poke every this
is him whoa crazy here
yes my hair just came up I'm crazy
looking I'm a wrap I just finished my
last day of shooting and it was amazing
I feel amazing such an amazing feeling
even though I look like I just got
electrocuted but it has such a good time
and I'm so sad to be leaving the set but
I'm gonna come back and visit them next
week anyways but I'm still so sad have
such an awesome time and just accept
that I look crazy right now house let's
deal with this first I had an awesome
time such a good experience and I'm
feeling so blessed and gonna miss so
much everyone so much emotional my name
is everyone so much and everyone has
been so awesome and I've learned
so much and I feel so honored and
privileged to a book with every single
person on this film so you say but I
will when I'm more calm and collected
and not emotional um finish this off
hopefully I walk into another filler
soon just like this I'm gonna walk like
this put my bag down sit down girl I say
I'm back hopefully that happens
if you watch loose in the future and you
become an actress or did anything
entertainment wise this right here is
your first ever trailer of your first
film and I am proud of you
and you did awesome and I want to remind
you that you are so thankful and
grateful right now this opportunity
