zero sleep achieved all right so oh geez
last night was just one of those
situations where I could not fall asleep
and I kept waking up one minute before
my alarm like I just I didn't sleep and
today it's little longer shoot day and I
didn't sleep really good bye goodbye
forever just put your hand up and wave
I'm believing and now I'm in LA I'm
gonna be another foot what my blue a
mine I would anyways I'm gonna be here
for two months in hell alone I'm gonna
be here for two more days and I'm gonna
be here alone so I'm live leaving people
are downstairs I need to go let's get
the day started
alright so today is the longest day out
of all of our shoot days we've got a
bajillion things to do I'm really tired
and I actually know I'm really tired
because I don't remember what I said in
the beginning of the vlog I know I
recorded something but I have no
recollection of what I actually said
because I wasn't fully awake so how's
that for some own natural rawness and to
be honest I do that really often I'm the
type of person I'm I'll have a full
conversation and someone will told me
something very important but again okay
you know how you know a very detailed
calm woman remember nothing from you
slavery is very dark these rare
occasions will get to the studio and no
one else will be here in the breakfast
won't be here so the only thing left to
do is this good night
well that lasted 30 seconds did they get
my favorite breakfast so I told him that
before I leave I want my favorite
breakfast which is the pancakes eggs and
the hash brown combo that they get and
did they get it yes you see how they
love me they specifically asked for this
are you ready are you ready are you
ready are you ready look at this pretty
lips the pancakes
more food burb BRB how do we feel about
me like that and sleeping well people do
my hair and makeup any takers
she's gonna do my makeup today okay are
you seeing my nice girl no this is
Rachel she's so good July me and she
listens to like ratchet music just like
me and now he's gonna turn this place
into a gem just like me I'll show you
Kaitlyn later she's in the middle of a
conversation kidding I'm gonna
interrupted
this is Kaitlyn good oh wait are you
doing hair makeup today oh my god she's
doing makeup today wait why did you
correct me Rachel you're doing my no you
also do the makeup are you doing Matt
I'm asleep right now
I must leave right now
sorry I said anything No
happy birthday Caitlin happy birthday
Caitlin hi Deemer Nikki its Caitlyn's
birthday
okay new bunny heavy muddy I didn't wash
my hair and my hair is dirty and now
jessica has to touch my gosh to hair
I'll start in my life in dijanna
look who I am again you're picking up
scenes from yesterday and they seize on
the place Anaya prospect that's where
we're at right now
time to learn some lines my legs are
stubbly you can't tell on camera alright
if I may say so myself I am nailing
today I'm on fire today the scripts like
this photographic memory and some Tings
look there's so much stuff going on over
here
I don't know what are you doing Who am I
what's going on yes I think we're doing
John Esmond I can't tell you John I
something funny choked I took down a
pearl I love my job sin I love my job I
love my job
this wig is going on my bad day it's
been on my bad day it's gonna be real
good
this is Deirdre she's my fave my real
name is Nicole Nicole I knew this I know
she's one of them she's the main judge
on the show and she kills I can do a lot
right there's too many just too funny
and my mega means be touched up every
time she's wonderful wonderful garlic
sex a dad sucks it sucks a what I just
took a 1 hour nap so I found this
breakfast in the kitchen I think someone
didn't realize that underneath the
pancakes are eggs and hash browns so I'm
here you snooze you lose Doug that's
what's up or you snooze and you win an
extra breakfast that's
into the sound good we're get into a
quick interview with the sound guy come
on in frame what's your name Michael
great what do you do next question
so what positioning is the best place
with the mic get to get the best sound
well when your what's the best part
about your job alright so we're in the
confessional room this is where we do
the confessionals for the team's earnest
and this is the people this is Ben you
ever met him say taking his head off
this is Ben that's Justin you know
Justin Chandra is Ziggy look who came to
visit on sand who's who's we partying
with right now who's we partying with
okay oh snap wooden intro we became
really good friends right and by that I
mean I get to hold her like that he
didn't feel good about it
mm-hmm oh god camera I didn't look at my
oh god yeah so Lily told me that my
booty looks really good
come on so I was like I'm gonna say what
everyone's thinking that booty doe that
booty doe
Oh girls work work all right guys I'm
gonna fight the sound guy just let you
know I've been training as a box for
like six years
yep that means you by default have no
balls
is it over did I win like I think I lost
that's terrifying
this is no longer superwoman blog this
is a woman in her entire crew blogs
starring me sound guy this guy just now
hey give it
here's so scary so there's a chance that
after this shoot I might have to go
right directly to another shoot there's
a last minute shoot that I've got
invited to come easy said no super of
course I said yeah so after this 12 hour
shoot i might go straight to another
ship I'll keep you posted
because life be crying and you got to
try to get my wig on in it so this guy
is just slaying my life everybody shut
up
I would shut up I did two seconds I
can't even cry right now because I'm a
deaf of my makeup okay
Sain love this chick her youtube vids
are hilarious slash original and he
retweeted my mine and it's a public tree
it's a pump it's a it's a public tree
why might work right now because I can't
probably freak out why I'm like hey the
rock officially knows who I am
I need to go do this shot i'ma be right
back all right so finished shooting I
just have to contain my citement for a
little bit longer because I have to be
professional right now but I'm dying
inside I'm here to do a photo shoot at
the space just finished 12 hours
shooting what we're doing the photo
shoot at the space because we work or
work work work so that's we're about to
do and then trust me when I get home
tonight we won't talk we go more than
talk because I'm did professionalism
professionalism so we just finished
shooting and shooting stuff and the
production stuff and all these people in
the room I just in case their camera shy
went very quickly and very quickly but
you get out way I always finished
shooting back and tell you what say I
can't tell you about but it was super
fun and I wrote a super talented and now
I'm going to go home and awkwardly ask
John B to drop me home sorry I had to
find out this way okay so I'm back home
and on the way home the rock tweeted me
again no rock died when the rock tweeted
he tweeted me something along the lines
of like yeah before we continue I am
making a commitment to calm the F down
right now because as I explained before
I am more than just a fangirl I respect
him as a professional okay and I don't
wanna just in case he's watching I don't
want him to be scared I all fangirl side
fangirl get out I just want everyone to
know including Dwayne including all
people how much this means to me this is
like any other person who grows up and
has like a role model someone to look up
to a crush that is just like oh my god
this person is just that person well
freaking over and that is the rock to me
and because of all of you because of
whatever has happened in my life for him
to discover who I am I'm so grateful and
I'm so happy and it literally means the
world to me this little girl inside me
and the 26 year old inside me are
thrilled this is legit
dream come true I cannot believe I'm
tweeting back and forth with the rock
thank you so much you don't understand
how much this means to me I can I don't
want to keep freaking out and freaking
out freaking on camera and doing the
same thing over and over again so I just
honestly thank you so much this is just
amazing this is like a can you believe
it this is so out of this world right
now okay that's all the apartment feels
very lonely humbles not here humbo bumbo
who's gonna make me open you hello hmm
well the rock tweeted me I guess it's
okay for me to go get you Poli again I
have nothing else to knit and folios
only thing opening right now and I don't
need to justify myself because Shay was
a good mother a friend a you know what
maybe I should just eat what I want and
start working out thoughts I have every
day hmm
way to go get that Chipotle now you
watch took a shower wash my hair so that
my hair and makeup people don't kill me
tomorrow um today has just been I can't
explain it I'm in the state of floating
where I'm like I don't believe it's real
and I'm just instead of like literally
my emotion is because I don't know what
to feel I said it before I'm gonna say
it again you guys are the reason
everything amazing happens to me and I
want to commit to just give a huge shout
out to all of my viewers who take the
time out of their day to get to know me
because I know when people make videos
online it's very easy to go under a
video write a hate comment be judgmental
say something mean because you can hear
behind a computer screen but there's so
many of you who take the time to think
no this is the type of person really is
and this is really the intention and
it's because you genuinely care about
that that I'm getting all these amazing
opportunities so
this is Justin this is nothing I say
nothing I say nothing I say so when I
find the words I'll let you know but as
of right now I need to get to sleep
tomorrow call time as 9:15 so we just
sleep in a little bit and tomorrow's my
last day shooting and then the next day
we head home to Toronto so I'll see you
in the morning I'm gonna go lie in bed
now and question my life if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe it
