everyone crazy over Laurel versus yanny
or whatever I've not listened to it when
was the first time right now welcome
back because we also heard positive he
lives here he pooped her under the bed
again I tried I get putting you on the
mat he was crying on the bed so I can
put you on the mat he like head fakes
like a basketball player and my ankles
like break and gets under the bed even
was like no no it's still I don't know
the suggestion was to get like a spray
bottle to spray apparently if you spray
a dog they'll be like they don't like
that so we'll stop doing that my trainer
keeps being my positive reinforcement
only but he knows what he's doing now
he's specifically weights and then goes
into the bed so I'm like ok a little bit
of discipline eads to happen if you have
some suggestions on training a dog
please comment below anyways we're
headed to cows house because we have to
go to a meeting
alright so here's the mission provisions
of a meeting at Kyle's house then we
have video one shoot video shoot two at
my house obviously gotta go through my
inbox you're just soon that's gonna
happen every single day and I got a
tweet with one script I'm gonna try to
really watch a movie today cuz it's been
a second that's all the stuff and
anything else I do his bonus but you're
I'm feeling myself
I'm weren't kind of chewed out but today
I feel like I'm gonna drink water I
should not jinx it but I just feel like
today I'm gonna own the day and I think
usually the same thing you ready let's
go also Scarborough pooped on his walk
he probably is like mama give you a low
courtesy poop cuz I pooped under your
bed when she's domestic and hella la
yeah bye thank you
hello hello today we're shooting a video
a lot of my videos actually are not
scripts they're just things being misako
talk about like real life things I'm not
gonna say which videos but today is one
of those videos we're shooting which is
a conversation between us two phases
that happens even off-camera are you
ready to make a movie
I don't know over to make a movie right
but good boy good boy good boy
hey Jay Renta no no is that just the
video Glee's just boosting a saturation
mark alright so jokes aside this is the
dually so before we shoot a video we
should to add a we don't always shoot to
it we should to add it at this point
we've if you're much bigger like can we
shoot scenes from each video at the same
time so shoot both videos so not like
let's finish video one and then go to
video 2 it's can we shoot one two one
two and do it do it because
location so that's pretty much what we
do these excel sheets is figure out
locations for who's in inches and wheels
of extras that are here we don't them to
wait to lunch it's the whole thing it's
a whole puzzle the whole thing in the
line in the harbor oh yeah no need to do
some more water you like son like mother
continue so you're sorry about this
video this video is about like a naive
girl who like keeps telling people like
that's my man you go do you make this
stuff is rooted in carnival moves like a
carnival a time I'd like dad to the dude
which meant nothing right then that's my
man
and then I'd see you dance with various
like girls would be bent over here
whatever like that's my man right
in truth I ran this was Ali Ali what is
it like working with me is it like hard
because you get like mesmerized by my
hit Beauty it's like so hard I get a
lady boner almost every day oh my god
this is totally gonna get age respected
okay so apparently there's like an audio
version of the dress and everyone's
going crazy over Laurel versus Yanni or
whatever I've not listened to it I mean
listen to the first time right now and
tell you what I hear and y'all then tell
me what you hear okay that's 100 percent
Laurel house this is definitely Laurel
actually this is the actual clip which
what are you here moral question what
are you here Oh
Laurel now it sounds like what it like
normal
nobody here wait Taylor Taylor get over
it level with me what is this is
unpopular but I hear both I can hear ya
knee high and Laurel low yeah shut up
listen to the high thing doesn't do low
listen to the high morals like Laurel
and those like right now did you ask me
I cannot hear
Laurel I can hear that at all you know
just customer I super woman sports bra
that's right watch my videos on you
creepy boys okay would you have to tell
me okay
Scarborough says do better everybody so
great Scarborough could you act like
you're more in love could you win he got
it out over there could you be more
ended up negative protect me speak was
authority
speak with authority when you tell
something so good news because authority
like a boss okay do it here go okay good
boy we'll work on
yo Highline shut up shut up shut up shut
up MVP this guy right here get over here
this is the thing about my team right
your team couldn't mother-effing never
okay my team are deep yet to leave so
the person that operates the camera had
to leave so Taylor's not gonna assistant
direct he's also gonna do camera owned
above and beyond the call of you but
that's my team we're like oh you got to
leave okay we'll learn how to do lights
okay well do the sound you know well act
in it but will also record it and do the
sound and then we'll edit it at the same
time well that's my good never my team
was the best yeah done shooting give me
the points oh geez how tiring I gotta
watch I'm actually happy with my inbox
to it I also have to watch a movie
tweak a script to I was ever watch a
movie my homework is to watch this was
the big movie because we're working on
some project and I act and they keep
referencing this movie and haven't seen
it so so yo yo cuz I'm voting no this
cuz you professional mother effin
stalkers but tomorrow when you watch us
today I'm gonna be on the Jimmy Kimmel
show which I always call things like the
Jimmy Fallon show the Jimmy Kimmel show
I don't know what it that's what I call
them I don't know what they're call
because when I call them breaking up
sucks that I've never been on Kimmel
before I've been to the set like I've
met him before I've never been on the
shows a guest so we'll our Nets the
other guests gonna be me and obviously
talk shows make me so nervous cuz it's
like so many things like how I'm sitting
am i laughing too loud where I look but
i'ma just go I'll be myself do my bag I
think we're talking a little bit about
Fahrenheit even though I'm in the movie
for 20 seconds but don't stop but it's
gonna be great so check it out today
when you're watching this tonight it's
gonna air
just went through my inbox give me the
points get it cuz I'm pointing points
get it points you get it is 2 a.m.
finish watching the movie I had to walk
it watched my homework so I'm officially
bail on my work let's say we did today
thanks for watching my blog today you
know watching this it is super Thursday
and a new videos releasing so stay tuned
to my main channel on Talon bye
you
