I'm ready for the red carpet take my
picture
Hanzo diode can you see me sketching
above no okay then that's fine but yes I
gotta get up take a shower I head to my
hair appointment make an appointment
today is red carpet premiere day but
that's what I'm doing my whole days
dedicated towards trying to look
fabulous but his red carpet sorry I also
saw in yesterday's vlog you guys
commented thing you're concerned about
my sleeping and eating patterns I'm
gonna try doing better for you I'm gonna
go out breakfast right now because you
care about me and so I'm gonna care what
would you say and I'm gonna go have
breakfast I'm gonna make myself a
breakfast mom can you make me breakfast
can you make me breakfast
mama my respond clients mommy made my
pancakes thanks mom I'm so excited want
to eat the pancakes drink some milk and
then go take a shower and chain my baton
auntie it's like can you guys even
understand what I'm saying anymore just
a series of noises ping dang the bed pan
no yeah
yes I'm about to get my hair and makeup
all day lacrosse fancy look I'll do my
hair
there are samurai sushi in the beaten
area right here you'd be able to see how
fabulous she makes me look at all of
this is going on my body and things I'm
so excited
okay okay I feel so bad because my hair
so dirty you never get a chance to wash
it not just for her hands all of my
worthy here I hate so he say well oh
snap look at my hair all dude who that
who that i-g-g-y or the sweet little
furniture system work look Sarah Sarah
is making me all that and a bag of chips
right now huh now you took my face my
eyes are getting dead and Uncle John -
you don't know my life you don't have to
hide your face every time they see me
all fugly everyday your court isn't you
are just comment below saying I'm
gorgeous year ha ha ha
sjg stylist makeup artist everyone's
getting me dead who do I think I am
right now who I think I should go to
African pyjama right now does red carpet
I think I am so I'm doing my lips last
because she's something like everyone
that works with me they know I'm a hot
mess and I'm very unladylike and they
know that I'm gonna go and like scratch
my bum wipe my role was where my lips
and like just everything you absolutely
like right before you leave will do your
lips and then just they all just all a
mess since this really they accommodate
to that their combinative India homicide
I appreciate that yeah and now Sandy's
getting herself dead
back to Sandy's house and the limos
already outside and this is what I'm
wearing
so bye so is finally ready I can't walk
in this heel so I'm walking with no
shoes on right now because we keepin it
classy open her freaking classy I'm
wearing the dark lipstick that I don't
know how I feel about but I mean
everyone say it looks good and so we for
some reason are having a limo because
TIA things without fabulous so we're
going in a limo so that's what we're
doing right now just take your thing
that she does history stamp thanks Tim -
oh my back OH - pops oh oh the belt
dirty pop everything popped everything's
wrong
so sadly the wrapper just don't be all
of it I mean - speaking English okay
Morton's or nas right now because
daddy's makeup to use one's own mother
legs propped open
everyone's accounting is going wrong
right now is I mean
all right so they're in the movie
theater I move for the first time I mean
have a really small role but I'm still
really excited and almost like the
popcorn and the butter needs to be
layered if you come back at the butter
naan later I'll be pissed bro I'll be
pissed
ah baby seals off and they will after no
okay layered butter layer gonna be a
competition who gets kicked out of this
movie first okay
the popular will be Laird the Falcon
will be delicious as per will drive
double straw we're gonna get a big I
want to go to a two hands one had to
fail is that the only reason but not the
second given list if they have a small
roller like to have speaking lines
that's cool but it means a good
experience right yeah yeah my lipstick
don't you know really my mom usually
hates when we round up so I'm showing
you my mom with Julie for the first time
problems have take it all in folks take
it all in take it all in
sincere as well since those up he's
taking up four seats but you know you
look very dashing very good thank you
alright that's all it's time to assess
the situation so what I told the the
popcorn lady is my date is crazy
she'll cause a scene she doesn't have
get crazy for dating you if I was crazy
for did he crazy
good taste you're comfy in your ability
you've done this I wasn't paying
attention if she did it or not but she
said she did it I stressed it as trustee
immortal all right he did well you did
why ladies and gentlemen applause
applause good job pass hey I'm a
reliable good I really like the movie I
really like the movie like I do I would
but I actually really liked the movie
and at the end credits my name is like
second it says like super one I was like
oh my god it's so real everything's so
real right now what you see the movie
guys I killed it my favorite part was
Tia Lily thinking oh yeah kunal did solo
specific mention all killed it can all
killed it which think does sandwich you
think all the way up there hello movie I
enjoyed it really all she did a good job
oh thank you you're right here
first-come sim Bhullar they started to
move through
there it is it was like we'll talk about
this later when we're alone
real real Lily barefoot I'm not going
some french fries bring cross my legs a
burp a lot
I'm about to get real right now it's the
real me I cannot look these shoes I
cannot I cannot did you know that high
heels were invented by men for men yes
this is true he's angry humble is that
person just those random facts new man
other random fact carrots aren't good
for your eyes and cracking your knuckles
is not bad for you
you heard here first jazz doesn't agree
all right so we're heading to a bar to
eat and stuff like that uh flip-flops
out I'm so close like this yeah yeah no
the dogs we I just jumped in yes I said
I do going to a place called real sport
I said brah real sports bra going to
real sports I don't feel like that the
first time I've made that mistake you
know real sports bar they're made of
seasonal changes and it's closed
nothing I just let it see 200
are you thinking that it's my fish I'm
gonna get away from the door all
boyfriends and girlfriends whose parents
don't know let them stop holding hands
all right so now right Jack Astor's
which is around a restaurant and I'm
wearing flip-flops if I go south oh my
god I did that pal so pretty good so
freaking good bye jack actors we can
draw on the table and let's order some
food and some drinks come on yah means
so much there's jeongsu muffin me
anymore which is already the case but it
won't pick me even more than right now
really like jazz is very much going on
me she's so cool she's a little bit like
I'm sometimes hey one tasted like I
think you have really nice dad I mess
with a joke Hey oh I tell you something
I think you have
hello I'm chained in two comfortable
clothes I took my hair it was the best
feeling in the world when I was like
stuck in this form and it won't move but
it's so good for my hands man oh yeah oh
yeah so good I'm headed home now it's
2:30 a.m. I have to wake up quite early
I have a collab with ASAP science so
another night of not too much sleep but
I mean I guess I just just been used to
it by now tied home feeling very
overwhelmed I mean I knew I was in the
movie and you had a small role as
whatever but seeing myself on the screen
was just it made it so real seeing my
name of the credits made it so real and
I was like holy crap like dude like it
was just I can't explain it's just like
just to stop and kind of take a moment
to actually recognize and appreciate
what's going on my life was just so
awesome really I say I notice that every
time I say it again my friends are just
the best like the way they're supportive
what the theater I come on screen they
all start cheering I go to an event they
all wear superwoman shirts they make new
shirts for me ladies just they're just
they're so supportive and it means the
world to me because they don't gain
anything from that you don't mean
they're not gaining anything from me
being in a movie not gaining anything
from me performing at events but they're
just they're so supportive and it's just
literally sometimes like going with them
I just stop and think and I just go into
my little zone cuz I'm just like these
people are freaking phenomenal so thank
you so much many my friends are watching
this you guys really I don't know where
the to serve you both my friends and my
viewers I just don't know what I did to
deserve you I just what is my life what
is my life I don't know what my life is
but I met at home right now I need
mother for gas story of my life story of
my life um so I'm just about to edit I
didn't post today's vlog yet what am i
doing so behind what am i doing in life
um just going through my Twitter and all
that stuff just something interesting I
want to comment on that I continuously
feel but I've never got to express cuz I
didn't use to do daily vlogs any time I
post a picture of me dressed up there's
and full of people that say things like
and I quote don't dress up too
obnoxiously
it takes all the innocence and fun out
of your personality or like oh look now
you think you're famous and you're
dressing all differently and you've
changed I just want to make one thing
very clear I have not changed just
because I go to a red carpet event and I
dress like a girl a girly girl wearing
high heels and makeup
I am so the exact same person I don't
know why it is that people think if I
dress up I've changed I'm a normal human
being just like everyone else when they
go somewhere nice they like to dress up
just like you just like everyone else
you know I also do the same thing so of
course I love to be my track pants on my
frigging hat and just picking chilling
because that's who I am but if I go to a
fancy event I'm gonna dress fancy and
that doesn't mean anything about my
personality has changed or anything has
changed me just to get that out there to
me that's common sense but I mean if I
have to clarify that then that's okay
anyways I'm done for today hope enjoyed
today's vlog thank you for joining me
and one more thing and you don't forget
you like it's good
