I'm so confused because I just stopped
recording yesterday's vlog right now and
then I pressed record now I'm recording
today's vlog so like what day is it so I
haven't slept yet I got home and I went
to go into my driver's license and get
this information so I've taken your
picture from a health card driver's
license and 60 seconds before I've
checked this new picture a mosquito
bites me and swells up my face now my
face be looking like The Hunchback on my
mother effin face in this damn picture
you know what honestly honestly honestly
that mosquito was rude anyways it is
like 9:30 a.m. and haven't slept yet so
I'm gonna go to sleep but first I have
to do something really important
McDonald's cinema though and you've
never had one role yep you haven't
experienced life though okay goodnight
Julie's not here right now but please
leave a message after the pillow
so it's 4:30 p.m. and just getting up I
feel like my foot is broken on my toe is
broken and everything's broken you're on
you're really tired and everything just
broken everything's broken my everything
is broken I need to get up because well
first of all it seems like a gorgeous
mother-effing day outside secondly I
need to figure out what I'm wearing for
my event tomorrow and then I have a red
carpet on Sunday that I need to figure
out you know how to get rid of this
pimple and then I need to shower and
then I need to go to Rick's house to
keep working same clothes never change
okay so Jesus I've holded my day a bit
because my twitter has blown up and a
lot of people have messaging me because
as you may or may not know I'm hosting
an event tomorrow and Salman Khan's
gonna be there and follow me or they're
like who the eff is Salman Khan he's
really good but really big Bollywood
actor he's gonna be there and someone
has come to my attention that there's
this wonderful man who suffers from a
disease and I hope I say this right and
if I don't I'm really sorry I'm his big
night it's called cerebral policy I
think and he's someone's like biggest
RAM and people are trying to get me to
get him to meet Salman now although I'm
hosting the event I don't really have
like the ins with Salman I can't go to
Salman but you know made this meet this
wonderful person so I'm attempting to
work out a way with the company
production company Salman's management
in some way where I can take this man
backstage and hopefully meet someone
that's what I'm trying to do right now
and I feel weird vlogging about things
like this because I'm like I ain't I'm
not doing it so I can put it in the vlog
and like people can know at night it's
just I do daily vlogs down this is what
I'm doing so it's like but that's what
I'm doing right now
and I hope I can do it fingers crossed
that I can get him to meet Salman but
I'd be kind of cool to experience
together
do I ever change my clothes no no it's
the real me dag I'm shutting down I'm so
tired
I think I'm gonna head to Rick's house
and then my friend sandy skg my stylist
lady bow to the mob I she's can't even
function I'm just shutting down right
now I can't but John would need a
rockstar
Backstreet Boys on the radio best day
ever
I'm just parking so I just need to make
one stop forever21 one stop one stop
I just tried all not build you clothes
do I need any of them no am I gonna buy
them all yes okay so I'm gonna chop and
every freaking time how do I spend this
mud why buy so much stuff in the
extra-large bag and seven oh I'm not
gonna like one of the things didn't even
fit me when I was like oh it doesn't fit
me yet but after I work out this is
gonna fit me go why do I do that I never
work out I having this one item every
shopping trip I'm like oh I'm gonna fit
into you soon and then I go into pizza
do you do this is this is me why do I do
is why do I do this
daddy's house right now and she's gonna
dress me my Mac I'm in luck that I'm so
tired
okay what do you have for me you like my
leather friend
this girl got her business card look at
this look at this girl up in this
business cut it right up ah I got my
outfits plans we have two options for
Sunday because Sunday Ryan helped me out
it's all about which one shows the least
amount of muffin top oh so that's it do
the two outfits right here and then I'm
also picking up my over the streamys
because I think I'm going to that and
yeah just a whole lot about put stuff
going on I don't know about you having a
skanky
anyways tell me why so get this I locked
my keys in the mother effin car
I'm so tired know when I check the
flashlight in there there now we're
waiting for someone to come unlock my
car the person is doing miss Bendall
forty bucks to bring do I think
anybody's at the car oh my god now I'm
like oh no it's me what the hell it was
I wouldn't trying to put this into drive
past 50 minutes I can enter the camera
goes to drive why didn't go out here I'm
so mother effing annoyed right now this
this my day has just turned into chaos
first the keys in the car I'm just
losing my mind I'm sleep-deprived I just
realized I haven't eaten anything all
day and it's the first thing I'm eating
I asked for maple dip Dona she gives me
like this cream filled one that's not a
maple dip Dona it's not a make I always
order me positive donor I know what the
maple dip doughnut is I know what it is
that's not it Rick I'm stressed right
now the stress right that's my day has
just turned into friggin diarrhea poof
anyways this is Rick Hey we're gonna
work now so I'm just working I'm about
to start writing my cue card notes or
tomorrow I'm hosting the thing I always
my cue card notes even if they give me a
script or whatnot because I hate holding
like four pieces of paper and stuff I
need to hold like my little cue cards
and things and that brob so that's what
I'm doing right now I'm so excited
because Rick matar√≥ gave me all these
colorful pens to work with in our
editing and now I make you cry is going
to be an inquisitive history invention
masuo excite so excited I mean two
things today one
Asuna one to McDonald's combo ladies and
gentlemen this is how you get out right
here he's wondering how I get my finance
I fell into the bag I promise all right
so it's 5:00 a.m. I'm going home
how would today feeling productive very
productive so productive more productive
in you though oh so more progress on to
level number 12 going home because I got
a prep for tomorrow
and quick question for your for your
comments I read it on Twitter and I
think it's cute somebody asked what
would you rather touch Lily's hair or my
beard what kind of question is that
obviously my hair so it appears everyone
oh but your beard is be nice remember
that you've touched the beard now
all right so it's 638 at this vlog and
go to sleep I have a lot of things Heidi
I don't know why something you should
know about me I don't get nervous to
perform let me rephrase that
I do get nervous to perform the moment I
get on a stage I have 0% nerves like the
second I get on stage and I say my first
word I am floating I love it I love
being on stage
however the moments leading up to that
moment I've obviously a little bit
nervous and a little bit like today for
some reason it's like worse it's like
not even the minutes leading up to it's
like the day leading up to it it's like
I have some sort of anxiety and I
usually you can see up my nose sorry I'm
not doing this because in the light or
whatever um usually it doesn't matter
how many subscribers I have 3 million 10
million 20 million it doesn't matter I
will always be nervous about people
showing up it literally I'll always even
if I get a billion tweets saying coming
to see you I will be like no one's
coming no one's coming know I feel
really anxious right now I don't know
what it is or you know am I not even
ready do it small I feel like over the
past few days I've had this feeling I
don't I've had this like anxious bad
feeling I don't know what it is
I know maybe my periods not done yet I
know the point is I'm a little bit
nervous for tomorrow and I wasn't able
to sort out the whole bringing the
viewer to meet someone thing but I mean
there's still the red carpet tomorrow
and now I'm thinking because it's so
last-minute for today
I'm gonna see if he can be my date for
the red carpet that way you can read so
Mon I'm trying to figure it out okay
good night if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I
