one two three Justin Bieber Rihanna
lovely how's the heart of productivity
lived here guess where I am I'll give
you a clue
recognize this reason Arizona we just
landed for zeitgeist really early flight
that we thought was at 1:00 p.m. what
was actually at 10:00 a.m. I'll miss our
flight but this guy double-checked I
double-checked time zones
matter matter here's my side Arizona I
did it go through my emails and I have
the heart of me I don't know I'm not
gonna stack myself too much I wouldn't
do it do it yeah absolutely which bet
she wanted and she walked back to the
front door because this is her process
okay every time this is out Lily decides
what bet she wants which one
why though I'm naturally drawn to this
one that one feels wrong to me even
though I like this side and you think I
want this one just feels this is correct
is he like a correct path right here
this feels wrong I also find it
interesting that you had naturally
already put your backpack on there as
well
thus it was already predestined C was in
your coding all right my ultra
organization has kicked in unpacked my
shoes are lined up here papers manuals
your girls girl then I got all that boom
boom boom hung up got my steamer out
there because my tomorrow self will
thank me for that on my energy drinks in
the freight and I got my little ID bag
all riled up on my notebook ready to I
saw where zona and last year we'd is in
particular I'm hungry humble you know
what we got to do it right
I'm so particular about my burgers just
like my bed selection because condiments
should always go directly on the burgers
when they put the cheese on the top boys
like that flip it over and lettuce also
goes last hash it will last because
condiments fall off of lettuce
Harvey's work experience Pam you learn
everything is a lesson everything's a
lesson I'm teaching you about my
condiment ways yo I am learning the art
of the burger from the burger
connoisseur subscribe quick montage of
this dope resort
humble is really addicted to slow motion
so I'll put this clip in here as well um
what was the motivation for this piece I
feel the need to bring beautiful things
into the world ha ha and I feel like
many things are additionally beautiful
from cotton we're stopping again for
another fountain
and the Oscar goes to
the posture the form is you need good
lighting your best light source is the
Sun and you need something stable to
keep the camera on so I counted and
balanced a camera one of my
relationships we're finally back in her
room
just kidding we stopped again
feel that form oh yeah I'll get that for
him how do you feel I look like some
sort of adult person that was let into a
conference humble would sure chewing
today everyday humble wears one of his
shirts and I'm really into it no thought
my new merch launches by the way very
soon very very very soon I rock that
everyday I saw some tweets by the way
they were like Louise merch prices are
so affordable and they're like praising
me I am gonna warn you though like I did
before I have a range of merch my next
collection is gonna be some stuff that
is like super affordable super I was
like yo the t-shirt I'm not charging
people 50 dollars for a t-shirt but it
does go into the range where it's a
little bit like might have to save up
for a little bit but the designs I feel
are very very worth it like I said is
the least amount of money I could have
made that for what I won the design so
the rain the coins you know I love about
humble the other day we're just chilly
and he's like yo you know we should do
tomorrow do you remember what you said
no I usually put the vlog camera on him
I'm using yo this what I'm gonna say
anyway do it this time I was like he's
gonna get he's like no you said me like
guys we should do tomorrow get tattoos
we should get tattoos yes I love butter
we're both tatted how many's yeah a lot
do you know how many no yeah you
actually don't know me do you get to
guess I've had to get us a 12 we're
gonna make him count right now hold on
so cavus on your buck to me rarest ten
the he'll never even seen that one
you're 15 so you just learn this
information about yourself today Lulu is
realizing I do the last time I counted
ahead take seven we are going to guess
celebrity tattoo it's ten bucks I got a
folder full of tattoos we gotta guess
which celebrity it belongs to and you
guess along in the comments below one um
I think I know whose this is
take a guess on the count of three ready
one two three
Justin Bieber Rihanna
that's a white on the bottom okay
justin bieber justin bieber also I
already looked at this image as a test
because I was opening folder on your
side
the choices are Josh Hutcherson and Ed
Sheeran I'm gonna say yeah I'm gonna say
Josh Hutcherson Oh
demi lovato chloÃ« grace moretz ah I feel
like I don't know if that's Demi I'm
gonna say Demi Lovato cuz that word
doesn't look English I'm gonna go with
Chloe wrong Kristen Stewart Bella Thorne
um I'm gonna sense Kristen Stewart
Melissa Bella Thorne hey Bella Thorne
has so many tattoos that's why we all
the rooms Cara Delevigne or Iggy Azalea
that's Cara Delevigne
this is Ilya the freckles on her skin
get on my level
all right next WETA or Demi Lovato's
ducky that skin color looks like Rita
Ora no lo love all trust if you do wrong
and hahaha can I tell you a semi creepy
story about Rita were sure of course
so years ago I performed a Lollapalooza
it was the first time I saw Rita Ora any
Mo's celebrities I just saw her at a
party you know what u.s. in 2012
ya know I didn't know she was I just saw
this very attractive woman yeah that's
his party it was like damn that girls I
don't you took off her jacket and she
was just wearing a bra I think that was
her outfit and I think I remember that
tattoo if you're watching this we tour
I'm sorry I'm have my friend that has
memorized your tattoo verse every city
had a woman oh yeah yeah okay ready Rita
Ora one two three that also concerning
concerning exactly I remember tattoo bro
easy casual I mean I love this tattoo
I've wanted this tattoo for so long but
I'm like nah brave enough yeah I don't
know yeah yeah oh I know Briana yeah
handle p mm oh I know this is Katy Perry
probably yeah Katy Perry loves Indian
ish things uh
I don't know I don't I'm gonna say Lily
Collins a singer I think right is asleep
I think so I'm gonna say Miley Cyrus cuz
I only know Miley Cyrus party in the you
pass exact song I was thinking really
you see that where one can you get in
the frame fantastic
that seems are the kind of Tatiana
Gandhi it does seem she's very
minimalistic like this but I don't know
I'm gonna go the Ariana I guess Oh
when we wrong in Punk'd this is Demi
Lovato agree Gomez if I'm wrong about
this I'm gonna jump out this window by
the way is happy actually John Oates we
just a gulet Lena Gomez was that what
languages ever touch it yeah love
yourself first my girl my girl also
awesome person Slater Gomez my homegirl
going through some things it better take
your time I know
take your time at your own pace your own
pace is perfect Kyle Cody Simpson I'm
gonna say Harry Styles 40 sims in oh
yeah I don't know dump cameras I'm sorry
am i stupid I don't know that is you
that is no Emma Stone Emma Stone I'm we
say Emma Stone I don't think same Moloch
has attached you like this I feel like
Xena's more tattoos well you would not
see any of this type of action yeah
exactly exactly and then things more
Brown yes Brown doing O'Brien Wow
just kidding Jimmy's like okay I'm I
know I don't know who'd you know
parishes do it no no am i stupid am i
stupid person misses shailene woodley
your old shailene woodley is Bolton are
stars such doing walking are stars yeah
okay damn fail Oh Tyler hey I know this
because I met him backstage once and
he's such a character Jason Derulo yeah
yeah Jaden Smith don't got arm here like
that yeah what do you mean yet that is
Jaden Smith does me mmm this is not
English I don't think is it Victoria
Justice that's an uncomfortable room I
know
I might be Arianna Arianna
what's your secondary Arianna you know I
thought that could be chairs in a
ponytail I'm thinking how do you afford
it
well 13 years not covering her neck
behind her neck her hair would be down
her hair is in a ponytail
ariana grande where is it I do not know
human body I feel like this might be the
Biebs or it could be either actually I'm
not completely sure I'm gonna say that
Liam Liam part of that he's part of the
same group oh right I'm gonna say lose
Thompson whoa if he the British guy
played spider-man no he's also part of
pop culture here thank you for joining
us and let me know how you didn't
honestly did you actually know who these
people were all them did you guess the
tattoos right more fugly did you do
better than these people were you guys
even know how many tattoo she has leave
them in the comments I gave you don't do
you know each other say yeah how many
not enough and I'd get the real number
though you have one let me guess count
Dawson okay you have one two three four
and five five five tattoos final answer
I do have five died dude look at that
Wow
cuz you're with me doing every single
one of them except the first one maybe
okay so the Walking Dead returned a
little while ago I've watches your
episodes how many of you watched I've
watched zero episodes of The Walking
Dead we're about to watch the first one
back I have not that high of
expectations to be funny I don't know
what this show can do to redeem itself
right ass like it's just it's a
comfortable it's like an X if you once
in a while I got a relapse
that was a little too real the whole
episode helpful there I was like why
would you say that how did you get there
why did that happen how did this happen
this third this the writing is so
there's so many questions I'm like hot
well how did you do that why why are you
doing that well why why did you do I
just understand
actors directors look we did today when
your watches and new videos coming on my
main channel machine check it out this
Halloween theme is gonna be dump all
that and more so stay tuned
you
