I'm back in the office space I am so
happy get you a job where you're like I
cannot wait to go to the office because
I've missed this place
so myself you mister did you miss the
office you miss the carpet did you
really die you shook Shadid here's the
mission for today super small we're
gonna be feminist AF okay die
Scarborough has a play date with someone
very special gonna make a new friend and
release a video go through my inbox I
have a meeting I'm probably gonna
massage somebody's broke up and just
general is a lot of work to be done and
I don't know all there right now so I'm
just gonna figure it out let's go so
chill so chose like this is fine this is
fine mom yeah oh my god
little boy just finished a call so give
me the points about exciting neutron
production stuff I can't wait till start
telling you for all the amazing stuff
we're working on I want to my office
this young boys here and this is here it
says mom is this from you baby let's see
let's see won't this is about Lou the
details the details mom
thanks for wiping my Pufnstuf happy
mother's day loves bro
you sweet boy did you drive to the store
and get your momma gift I love my mom
did you do this did you go to the store
and buy this for me did you do this
come here thank you kind human whoever
drops Carver to the store I appreciate
it okay I got two amazing things in the
mail one mugger laurdiy sent me here
koala PJ said look at this girl billable
at our den look at this girl killed when
your friends are all bosses and then I
got this huge pizza box I'm like what
are this super snack time Epic Meal Time
course Harley since this dope situation
which I'm sure a lot of this is meat so
we're gonna go give away some to the T
what does this say no from the sauce
boss dear Lily you're all about epic
moments whether it's sharing the last
crazy thing to do with your followers
are getting all artistic with your bad
self we know you don't stop for anything
less than your best that's why we
decided to send you some meaty token of
our appreciation versions
parley I love you today one hardly knows
with vegetarian but is there just like
so would you eat me but thank you this
is awesome and I give to the team right
now
alrighty I've had calls and meetings
I've been sitting and working on a
script for the past little bit it is
6:17 p.m. my coffee is back this morning
I was like yo I'm finally gonna and it's
back what the f is happening so I am
gonna become some antibiotic and freakin
deal with that trash I have massage
tonight as well which I'm like hoping it
doesn't hurt because I'm coughing so
much and then this boy's been here just
living his best life getting a little
sleep on getting a little poop on live
your life boo live your life all right
done let's go home well done let's go
home home sweet home that's how you know
that's how you know just took
Scarborough on a walk he's in a little
more confident with stairs up down
absolutely no uphill like he'll try down
was that he'll mother knows every time I
go on a walk I try to go up and down
stairs with him not gonna like today's
Scarborough was misbehaving just a
little bit I think he hasn't been to the
office in a long time he was excited but
all over the place so it's okay when we
move past it but I would never
discipline you a little bit I said I'm
gonna have to be like Stern with the no
because the last thing I want is my pop
to be a brat he's so sweet to everyone
though and that's the thing I'd have
does anything wrong everyone's like but
he's so cute he's just so cute I dare
you to try to yell at him you saw
adorable okay I might be losing my mind
someone might have said they said this
to me but I really might remembering I
have to ask my mom my sister right now
but the anonymous gifts continue I just
got a gift in the house and the card
says Scarborough is so proud to have you
you are beautiful loving and a great
mommy may God bless you always my mom or
sister would write well it's this
blanket check it out I'm so confused
somehow I don't understand a blanket
with pictures of me and Scarborough like
look at this oh my god
Bubba bear it's awesome did you do this
did you do this
oh I just got the best massage of my
life I really need to say my masseuse is
fantastic not only is he just a
wonderful human being but he's so good
he like genuinely every time I was like
I'm gonna give you the best massage she
cares so much what doing a good job like
people like you I appreciate you so so
much I feel great right now uh so
Scarborough does this thing where he
always poops under the bed
right in the middle underneath like
candy does it every time even though I
put him on the mat he'll keep doing it
so he just did it and I had to sternly
yell at him I had to cuz he keeps doing
it and now he's sad and he's hiding
under the bed and I have to hold strong
all I did was yell he it had to be done
fine and five minutes all cuddle him
again but it's killing the insiders what
you're not just watch it up anyways we
did today
you know what tomorrow's gonna be
another productive day where we hustle
harder so
you
