are you ready love it welcome we also
hire a Productivity lives you is
Saturday happy weekend to you I'm gonna
sneeze in three two what are you
thinking about me check out this
involuntary bindi I have right now I had
its rejuvenation Saturday here's a
mission for today's you wash the dishes
breaking do my laundry clean my room
clean the floor a lot of house cleaning
things are going to happen we out a damn
toilet paper we need to undress the
situation we're gonna head to a party
later on I think that French Montana's
performing yet between them do some
inbox of work some stuff like one more
thing submission where take Scarborough
at his first walk how could I forget
this some monumental day Scarborough now
has all of his shots you can go for a
walk
so the past couple days humble and I
have been living in a frat house
straight up like no dishes no toilet
paper just out here struggling I swear
to God here you go Scarborough lose your
bed baby boy this morning Scarborough
pooped on the mat you should've seen
both of our faces
we were like nobody wants to be stared
at a lot of Putin speakers up anyways
check out this mountain I'm about to do
right now Oh scour your company over
babe what's going on in there what's
going on in there babe Bow Wow Wow
Scarborough meets vacuum it's okay it's
fine you can sniff its friends what do
you think smell it's okay friend friend
I mean come in good boy
it's okay come here look nice
come here the F is this allowed good boy
what is this let's see what how you
react to sound
hey we just got a delivery toilet paper
paper towels buddy keep my new best
second please how hiding strategic
heinie back to my dead body
I'm so proud that you're going okay so
basically I look right in the circle
like I did good mister
but y'all don't tell me you wouldn't do
that real life real life skills the time
has come for my baby King go on his
first wobble very excited are you
excited to explore the world let's go
are you ready love it oh you need me
please don't eat any cigarette points
okay what no first time is exploited
well come on boo boo boo
come on this way I need to walk by oh
what a genius boy look at the confidence
come on let's go Wow I'm a proud mother
you see that what if the cigarette butt
move away
Wow genius scholar dollar Wow smart boy
my son is a genius no big deal bye
Spence the Cheetahs a scholar
look at him forget all gets read just to
use the bathroom
you walk with purpose no no you walk
with straight purpose you show me who
have you mean business okay y'all just
dilly-dally you walk like yo I'm gonna
walk into this meeting like this scum
like this that's right just like this
like yo this is the agenda this is what
I want these are the terms my boy my boy
we're trying to teach government of up
and down stairs we can't go up and down
the house yet perhaps some Eastern you
can't go down and you get a treat for
that because you bought my little fan
you he has no idea with you two now look
at him you go boo boo boo so proud of
you goes on one walk absolutely neck
reduct its head above a very tired
don't you shame shame don't you shame
shame mommy don't look at my shame shame
please no look at my shame see mommy oh
I like to avoid ever Scarborough has
stolen all my slippers to his bed and
they weren't there they're over there
drags in there and one in his house do I
need to pursue my fear they all yours so
I got this flower delivery situation and
it doesn't say who it's from
all sizes for these flowers you can mix
them with the lilies when they bloom if
you like I hope to make you happy
sending you positive energy xoxo see the
gunshots in the background by the way
our humble playing for tonight don't be
alarmed okay well there was no name on
these flowers so if you send them to me
and you're watching this and I don't
know please text me and tell me so I can
say thank you those chocolate and like
lotions and stuff so thank you anonymous
person oh don't mind me my Instagram
stories just late on today's episode of
Hoarders we are scre for the top and
with all of my slippers and his toys in
his bed where you gonna sleep wait what
do you have to say his waiver what do
you think
what are you doing oh my god good job
good job alright so as you can see I've
made the executive decision not to go to
the party cuz I was like yo I don't feel
a hundred percent I don't need to go to
a party I'm gonna get more sick I don't
want to do that so I'm gonna go shower
and I see you tomorrow bye good morning
and happy Mother's Day
buh-buh-bear must know his mother's day
cuz he's being so affectionate to me
this morning well and also because he
probably sees this huge zit on my
forehead and goes mom I feel bad for you
he went for a morning walk and Putin
peed outside like a genius
look at these Mother's Day caches oh
thank you so much sweetheart thank you
so much you're the sweetest you all
amazing mothers out there freaking you
the greatest gift to the entire world so
thank you for all that you do we're
gonna have a very productive day chillin
with work and housecleaning and
rejuvenation is gonna see how humble
puts one banana on the stand like this
is quite possibly my favorite thing
about him he's going to San Francisco
for the next few days so we riding solo
we gonna get done clean clean clean
just call me god damn Molly made unpack
my suitcase back in the floor and two
things one I popped this pimple ignore
it I just had the biggest mother moment
ever so I'm taking Scarborough in a
second walk of the day cuz a mother of
the year I'm like okay let's go take you
on a walk and I noticed that he's like
limping and that he won't put his leg
left paw on the ground so I mixed rest I
carried him the whole way back and I'm
like what's what's wrong so I did some
investigating this was stuck in his paw
a little spiky plant thingamabob and I
took out I know he's completely fine
basically did surgery as a mother no big
deal also ran into Kyle and Stu on my
walk the first time ever in LA I've run
into anyone doing anything so I was like
oh
what we got here is we got chickpeas we
got fake chicken with a little sauce we
got some vegan cheese we got some sour
cream we got some sauce so we got some
lettuce for our own little without rice
Chipotle Bowl a hydrated queen and
another one this boy right here is so
needy and I'm just like you know what I
respect okay I'll be here doing my work
he doesn't do this to anyone else I'll
be here doing my work as I'm doing right
now which by the way game the points
went do my mugs and he's just gonna cry
not nothing's wrong
he got want to sit on my lap he wants me
to hold him once I said on my desk he
just wants attention watch it what are
you doing what are you doing god what
are you doing he won't want me to pick
you up
he won't want me to pick you up little
 he's exciting at the cameras I'm
just gonna this boy I tell ya Coon what
happen you when you blew me you pick you
up know me don't you forgot about me
because you were sitting so far from me
he's my favorite
don't bite my me you're alright honestly
I think you've stared at my face for
long enough it is 11 p.m. I'm gonna go
sleep in an hour at midnight tell them
I'm gonna read some scripts and do a
little more work very productive last
two days my house is clean my room is
clean everything is dope I'm unpacked
I'm ready to go I even signed my hot tub
for 20 minutes it's a welcome kill the
game right now coffee still here nothing
tomorrow I'm gonna get some antibiotics
so we gonna figure it out let's see how
we did
although when you're watching this it's
super Monday and there's a main Channel
video coming I'm sorry for not posting
last Thursday there will be a video
coming so let me know doing super six
o'clock shells at you Bay
you
