the engineers are so busy getting
offended by everything in the world
they're not getting offended by the
right things for example welcome back to
Mystic Falls we all fall harder
practically lives here and morning
puppies Scarborough is definitely a
morning puppy in the morning he has all
of the energy let me show you actually
hold on let's put him on the bed and see
what happens
it's gotta come here okay well I you
still have something energy lamb so much
energy why are you so much energy look
at this guy look at this guy look at
this guy
okay what a big boy oh my god we have to
say the mission for today okay we have
to go back to the window get my hair and
makeup done to video one shoot video to
go through my inbox very important do
not faint that's really the real goal
for today let's do it today is a special
day because my video should smash
mascara office and a makeup artist to
get me all dead so I'm gonna be all
relate and each is gonna be a time from
my channel for just my YouTube videos
okay Scarborough when I get your hair
and makeup done - what do you think you
don't need it you're so naturally pretty
especially when you do that
Lori Taylor Davis and on the global pro
lead artist at Smashbox and muli and I
are about to create some gorgeousness
I'm like I'm so fabulous for my cello
right now they're like McDowell right
now okay there's my hair just my sweet
spot oh this is just me me and a makeup
look
my biggest struggle drink any clams is
the fact that I want to eat when we make
them each awesome doesn't this happy
eating everything sometimes we'll be on
this stuff every night
we ain't been good today
super clash with my pink and my red
right now but I'm gonna change but you
know one thing this industry's not good
at I mean I love this industry I love
entertain one thing that's not good
that's not good at get people sick days
like should I do really want a rest but
I can't be like yo you got to take care
of you help of course I know but it's
like one of the few jobs where no one
can cover for you like I can't call in
sick Nolan can cover and do it I had the
two today so we're gonna push through
slowly I'm gonna push myself too hard
slowly and steadily it's okay if it
takes longer and get done so we can
arrest later we got a curl - hey little
bit and change the sweater you should
know though when my hair is curled in a
video it's 100% not curled it's just
these fun strands and the rest of it
it's completely not cold all right we're
cruising right along here Scarpa has a
lot to say so my heater is my Peter
my Peter it may be Taylor can you run
this with me mm-hmm
hey ready hey guess what okay I told you
I just like the way cranberry juice
tastes mm-hmm no one just likes the way
family's taste
shut up listen I have a date girl yeah
tell me everything it's in the script
yeah it's not up to me look if we just
replay girl yes five times in a row
right now for the vlog and go girl yeah
girl yeah girl yeah girl yeah girl yeah
ever an hour left to go the struggle is
becoming quite real quite real trying
but quite real Taylor Taylor how's it
going good
are we doing well yeah are we going fast
yeah that's enough for someone who is
dead yesterday somehow filming two
videos what you're trying to say is that
I'm your hero it's not just saying is I
try to say I said fastened up I try to
say that I'm your hero no I sure cause
it kind of sounds like that's what you
say no I didn't say that thanks Taylor
I got to bring out my crystal collection
for today's video may we're done
shooting two videos out by on my house I
hope it wears on dog number two well
here breaking records today hmm
so these two homes have a new rivalry
with the game call okay who's winning so
far you'll recognize the same behavior
from monopoly do you recognize the same
cell during a game right stand by to see
you win the internet are so busy getting
offended by everything in the world
they're not getting offended by the
right things for example this box lucky
charms what it's a magical unicorn
marshmallow would you like to know what
this marshmallow looks like hold on look
this is must be a unicorn look at this I
am offended you are miss respecting my
people what happened
who won i won but we don't usually count
town to kick rains because they're
stupid 51 I did normally if you weren't
here we would have kept playing it out
what started a new game played it out
question Scarborough I made you so cute
Oh make it you where's your monkey mom
you can make you so cute let me just you
cute forever
we should weep boys on stress because
like every second shows are getting
announced and getting not announced and
getting cancelled nah stuff so fright
futures I don't know what's gonna happen
I've already come to terms saying if it
gets greenlit I'll be very happy it
doesn't all be sad but it won't be
devastating I have a lot of things going
on through corn island so like I'm
hoping it does and I'll be sad if it
doesn't but try to put myself in a
win-win position we're like either way
it's okay but it could be any day now
because Matt is getting announced but
didn't do this it's a good emotional
support animal ooh you could move it you
your boy and you so much love I have a
question a question
who made you Cuba made you shook you way
where did the weight of this come from
wait where did this why is this we had a
very productive day I did just take it
easy for a little bit watching TV with
humble played some games thumb we'll do
the damn thing my coffee is still here
and nothing I do no medication
I took an axe with the dog sighs fine
nothing will solve my cough I don't know
what it is and today at some point I did
feel a little bit woozy again but I
think I feel better than yesterday so
we'll see I feel tomorrow as with me I
hope you have an awesome weekend
you
