welcome back flu thing though we hustle
harder productivity lives here before I
even get to the mission let me tell you
what's happening in my life so here's
the deal right I've been sick for like
over a week now since my last trip to
Toronto and I haven't been able to shake
it my nose is so very stuff I some very
congested call and I just don't feel 100
because since I got sick I'm doing
wedding wedding wedding Flav life like I
haven't had a chance to properly recover
and it's seriously taking a toll on me
now no tomorrow morning I'm flying to
New York City for the premiere
Fahrenheit 451 I'm in Toronto for one
day and I'm only in you are from London
for a fly back home to LA I still have
two flights to go while being sick but
48 hours until reunited with my baby
Scarborough and I cannot wait I miss him
so so much that's going on with me today
I have a call I gotta go to my inbox
today is a crucial Raptors game try to
get better before my flight that is very
early in the morning I'll have a new
thing where I just want my hair to be
like a crazy persons hair so this is my
this is my hair style let's go okay just
went through most of my inboxes off some
emails laughs I have starred some and
once I started ones that are like okay
way to go through this pretty good
halfway there let's go there is no
better representation of me than Toronto
radio if you ever wonder like why I talk
the way I talk why this is the music way
listen I'm at a red light also because
of Toronto radio look this is not a
special radio stations not satellite
radio this is a normal radio listen
I couldn't record all the jams I was
driving with just dancehall reggae
there's all the dams and vibes I'm just
like this is so Toronto like just so
Toronto so proud also I'm gonna do some
work right now and I have a call today
is a very important rappers game
essentially the series gives the Cavs
the Raptors are down three nothing if
they lose today's game they're out of
the playoffs in playoff history is very
unlikely for a team to come back three
nothing but I just don't want us to get
clean sweep I want to at least be like
you're with one and we're gonna give you
a child I want to get our select I want
win this game and I'm hopeful it's gonna
be intense and emotional just had an
hour-and-a-half call about all things
magical unicorn island and now time to
watch the game it's actually into the
first and we are losing my mom is sick
but she came home from Cancun pulled
baby baby we do but she said there's
medicine on her face in Punjabi know it
gets me and Raptors season comes to an
end Raptors lost very very badly but you
know what honestly I'm not one of those
people that's like their loss dude
Raptors played a very good regular
season they couldn't pull it off in the
playoffs but so my boys feel so proud of
them part of the city I'll get him next
year I'm still fan and I'm very proud
and still the mother at the North my
teams probably like thank God because
for the past like two months of like
schedule everything around the Raptors
games they're just like I I'm gonna go
to bed I have to get picked up for the
airport 5:30 a.m. so I'm gonna combine
both these logs together they spend one
day in New York
how about it it is a 12 noon my clan was
at 4:00 so have four hours I'm a nap for
three and he since the best and she was
up all night I'm like nervous so here's
a look I'm it kind of I'm excited but
I'm nervous for the fahrenheit premiere
because I have no idea what my character
turned into I'll give you the full
lowdown after I see you put a sin she
liked the short version is when I went
to set my character completely change
and so she was like 1/8 version of what
I had prep for so I don't know how much
I'm in the movie I don't know how much
she's in the movie I don't know what
Raven turned into I just so in the dark
with this whole thing so it could be
that on screens like two seconds I have
no idea we're gonna figure it out I
don't know but it's gonna be nice to see
Michael again and Mike Shanin and all
the peeps so exciting but we have our
nap sounds really exciting right now as
well outlets that are new your bed am I
in heaven
Thank You New York hotel alright my hair
makeup artists are here well but get
ready and count on me right here to get
my first of all look at this portion
size for 12 people okay so my out first
ones come to the room and it came but
then this mysterious package also came
so I look what the f is in there I open
the envelope obviously what anything
weird happens one person can be
responsible yes the comments below nada
is correct if you guys notice the card
said this elephant should be with the
same size as me not you don't get enough
light right so like the realistic video
take this home what is this and it's so
happy a gift for you Congrats Ali with
love nada what did you do nada it's an
elephant statue because it's so heavy
excuse me this that's polish how would
you know it's like 20 pounds well open
it before the night is done
okay so my dress is pretty cool it's
like to me very Indian ish but it's like
Island II kind of let me show you a full
body bingo on kinda sorta maybe
yeah it's a cool right I like it oh my
makeup it kills my hair I real I can
make up dope as hell
these shoes are gonna be interesting to
walk in the back like doesn't close look
at that this will have a back so bra put
a broke up the place for real guys it's
been so long since I've seen you that
Lily had to reteach me how to turn the
blocking camera on Lily did what did you
tell them about yet today I I'm Veda
we're going to the fair I prepared what
no I'm nervous about it I'm nervous
why I don't know I just know it's gonna
turn out baby's first very big premiere
well that's not true you had you're very
you're very very big first premiere did
you do it et tu I shot it represent this
is Sarah's log Channel well hold on this
I get let's talk some real talk with
anybody else offended that I'm not a
character in the vlog channel what you
can't be no problem what do you have to
say for yours I think that you very much
can be a character
star down there there's a TJ there
daydrian gang's all here I'm very
excited for her this is happening on the
big screen it's just footage from the
red carpet outside and there's Lily's
new boyfriend Michael B Jordan
I'm personally gunning for a celebrity
relationship so all right cheers guys
the best team ever I'm home my stomach
hurts so much just take these Spanx off
immediately my universe is being
squeezed so here's a load saw the movie
it's great it was so great to see all my
cast mates and everyone all over again
I am in very little of the movie so
don't get too hyped up about it but it
doesn't even matter because we're me
when he was like doing his reach and
like talking about the cast stuff he
gave me such a heartfelt introduction so
such nice things about me where it
doesn't even matter and I'm gonna climb
my way up like cameo for cameo we got
bigger and bigger and bigger hopefully
Bright Futures gets greenlit it's okay
if I'm in for a small amount whatever
Yatta Yatta Yatta we gonna climb our way
up we're not gonna give up we gotta pay
our dues so we're in the process of
doing that now I need to take these
spikes off in case you I don't know what
was in that box from nada is this giant
elephant that I wish I could take home
it's so sus hello control yourself
that I wish I could take home but I
don't know how it's truly the size of
not a good job all righty I'm gonna take
a shower
maybe we'll see my stomach is hurting Oh
hot water might help pack up my stuff my
airport pickup is a 4:45 a.m. home boat
can't catch a break but it is a few
hours I'm gonna be reunited with
Scarborough and honestly I cannot wait I
miss him so much
I can't wait to kitchen you know belly
and smother him with all my love I think
we killed over the last two days let's
see how it also before we do that I
drank at least two glass of water that
did not blog one per day just just
saying give it points and now let's see
how you did until next time where you
have no idea what could happen in my day
you
