welcome back we also heart a pirate TV
this year and my hair still looks great
from yesterday what's going on today is
Saturday second Saturday it's that that
it is the weekend my left eye is a
little swollen I know if you can see but
like when I was younger my I used to
swell up very often because these
because my ducks got like block for some
reason so I'm really hoping that's not a
repeat happening right now when I land
in LA on Monday I'll go straight to a
shoot here's a vision for today we are
going to shoot rent one rent two for
sure it's happening today I go through
my inbox and then I'm heading to another
one of armors wedding events boy really
out here just blocking up everybody's
whole calendar called a Sufi night we'll
see what that is a little music and
yadda-yadda will see and that's probably
what's gonna happen today all that and
everything else is bonus like you know
what's up let's do it this boy right
here he's turned into a little spoiled
baby from doing work or anything he's on
the floor he goes like he wants to be in
my arms and be on my lap am i
complaining cuz he's adorable and I love
him but I'm just saying you getting any
spoiled bum bum he biting mommy's here
he gave me a Jewish boy a bum bum shake
a mommy hug he's so sweet so it is good
light here here the situation is so
gloomy here in Toronto and have any Mex
your own lights so I'm shooting my rant
right here from their front door but I
don't know storm doors I can't actually
open the door Mesa gonna try and like
filter light through this door right
here that looks pretty down the block
camera but I mean we'll see the first
random shooting is how to be petty 101
I'm kind of playing this character where
it's like kind of Joanne this camera shy
all these don't have any of my props and
stuff sometimes do with my facials and
stuff the second round is when your mom
is obsessed with cleaning look at me
bank all the videos until I get back to
LA remember the old days what I used to
record the video editing right away post
it how we evolved course my tripod
doesn't have the plate
ah come on downstairs actually two
minutes
I thought if I feel maybe threw it away
so I don't know now how to do this huh
yeah mummy but you're cleaning my room
did you mind a tripod yeah I don't know
let's figure it out okay
well mommy record you take off the block
okay you go like this
okay finished recording rat number one
I've made the executive decision not to
do round number two it's just too hard
the light is not good enough I don't
have the things I need to record the
videos there's too many noises in the
house it's just a lot of distraction
that the first rent was a struggle a 500
is like a 20 minute clip of me feeling
wait no sorry
quiet it's just it's too much so I'm
gonna record the next run Monday that's
fine we have time I'll be back in LA and
hope that this one turned out well I
don't know I don't have all the stuff I
need like I said so it's funny oh please
not 100% I envisioned it but I think
it's I think it's still good I think
it's so good
I really got damn spoiled myself just
now left all Mashpee here from yesterday
VP Boston Pizza I roll got a little
garlic bread come check this Cup fries
and got some 7 cheese ravioli I'm gonna
eat for 3 right now f it uh went to my
inbox
give me the pause I think I can say go
for today's event I don't feel like
dressing up very much I've dressed up so
much for the past few days I makeup done
so many times hair done dressed up did
the thing on 100 today I'm like yo Marlo
Carr thought more kicks I don't care if
I'm underdressed i'ma do me right now
let's go God just a simple blackboard
the on jean jacket or shots wearing
these kicks they don't completely match
but you know what they will under dark
and I have limited clothes yourself no
big deal oh this know that and I'm ready
look at my son's shirt chicks dig me
he's here playing with his cousins who
vacuum the floor for him wow wow you
like that what is
you ready bubble I'm ready to check it
out first of all my dad looks so
handsome today over my mom smear
tingstings
my dad loves this kind of music he's
about to get lit and have the time of
his life
Phylis dog ever hasn't complained once
but just in case I brought him away from
the crowd you can't explore in the house
but that's not childproof but he's so
chill loud musn't care he like really
doesn't care he like has a great time
everywhere just like mama but just in
case we're gonna put you away from the
crowd for a second okay
just in case Bobo just in case it's late
I'm tired I'll see you tomorrow my oh
this is the next morning and I feel sick
my throat hurts so much my nose is
running which lets me know that it's too
cold here and we need to leave today Oh
whoo baby we excite to go back to LA you
had a good time with Grandma grandpa you
shaded right now we're gonna go watch a
basketball game it's not Raptors it is
Cleveland versus Indiana Pacers versus
Cavs and the goal here most people in
Toronto want the Pacers to win because
then we face the Pacers we don't want to
face the Cavaliers because a little bra
and James and they keep this on the
playoffs last year so we're trying to
get them kicked out right now so we
don't gotta face them that's the goes
we're gonna watch that and I feel the
sickness coming on strong
well the Cavs won we will be playing the
Cavs on Tuesday for Game one so I
already adjusted my whole schedule to
make sure I could watch it we tough to
watch the games when I leave for
Wednesday and go to Cancun but personal
problems I have a type of sickness where
tears just keep streaming down my face
and it's not cute and you can hear in my
voice now and I'm like soon as I land
I'm gonna sleep in the next more you
have a shoot so I can't be having
satellite
I've never felt more tortured to the
last five hours of my life
how's the worst plane ride of my entire
life my religion was crying like I was
legit crying I'm so sick and the plane
was so cold and I was like shivering for
five hours and then we landed it made us
sit in the plane for hour and a half I
feel so bad right now just take your
shower I just you know what I was
thinking the whole plane ride I honestly
I'm gonna try to be dramatic I can't
remember an experience in my life that
heard as much as that plane ride like
how much I was shivering and how sick I
was and just a confined space I was in
like my back keeps spasming my legs and
the whole time I was just like yo some
people are sick all the time like that
like some people have illnesses where
they go through that pain all the time I
just like at least I get to go home and
go to a shower humbles downstairs I
gotta go to a friend and I was just like
literally crying for the gratitude being
like this I do not wish anyone this pain
but some people have that pain and it's
very just be grateful for what you have
rough effing times my eyes are watering
just talking about it right now because
I have a so much pain right now Oh have
some soup and go to my Lord and Savior
humble the poet greeted me outside got
me soup real one and I hope I wake up a
new person because I have a hundred
things to do tomorrow let's see how we
did
please have me positive vibes I feel
better
you
