alright are you ready for the big reveal
what you probably already saw because
the thumbnail picture is probably me
it's 337 and I don't know what you're
thinking you're thinking why go to bed
so late but here's the thing I'm not go
to bed late I just woke up oh my god
wedding season so I just woke up for
this through 37 like he saw I am heading
40 minutes away to get my hair and
makeup done and heading to our house
this is my early call time earlier than
most should suck time for indeed wedding
season I'm gonna go write it up and then
have sister Louise do at his house with
the sister ring and the sister and the
pictures and let's go to answer your
question I'm here very early in this to
look very fabulous here's the measure
for today we are going to get my hair
and makeup done do the lighting thing
cord round one accord ran to watch the
game and do research with my aunts for
you to cry on productions those are all
things gonna do the first this is a very
wonderful human and your wonderful human
for waking up this goddamn early time to
sleep yeah I tried to sleep at like 11
it was Hamish
alright are you ready for the big reveal
what you probably already saw because
the thumbnail picture is probably me
this art of pinning this to my head this
is a scale form that I could not do by
myself this is the whole vibe right here
is the whole vibe still wearing my tin
so we're gonna change that hey thanks
for making me pretty
I guess hiding from the camera cuz you
think you look bad y'all look beautiful
shoutouts and by the way if you come to
blend let them know that you are a team
super member they say a lot of aunties
come and they're embarrassed admit they
watch my videos don't be embarrassed
she had the groom by me looking for me I
was not outside having a photo she with
Chase are you talking about they do not
do that the pictures are sick though
the ceremony's done okay so they are
headed to the bride's house do something
called the doily which is like you go
there and you pay the groom to come and
you play a bunch of games and I'm not
gonna go because I haven't record two
videos it is really late I have to pick
up Scarborough because I did not let the
person I was gonna be this late and it's
game and my aunts are coming over if
you're working on projects so many
things to do and also completely respect
everyone in the traditions by personally
don't agree with the tradition of adul
which is essentially like the groom
taking the bride from her family type of
things every whatever they want but I
great time I've changed my flight to go
to his last event tomorrow which I
initially wasn't going to do but I'm
going to change my flight to do it
because I should be here for all this
stuff so let's go back up Scarborough
finally home and I was so excited to
take off all that stuff my ears were
hurting and just everything is too much
too much stuff I'm about to have that
research meeting with my aunts I was
supposed to record two videos I'm like
running three hours late after the
wedding typically - so that's not
happening right now and then by the time
I'm done this means that some nights
gonna be gone so I don't know what I'm
gonna shoot those probably maybe
tomorrow my team might get pissed but
maybe tomorrow um or maybe when there's
no sunlight I don't know I'll have to
see but now let's have a smiie I'm so
tired I've been up since 3:15 a.m. so
yeah the Raptors need to and if they win
this they win the series and then my
life will be a lot less stressful
obviously they need to win this game if
not there's Game seven which is like too
risky here in Toronto on Sunday and I
just I just I just need them to win this
game to thing had a great research
meeting with my aunts and the Raptors
blood which means they won this series
and now I don't have to stress about
Game seven on Sunday I'm gonna fly back
to LA on Sunday today was a great day at
eleven o'clock so in a few hours I would
have been up for 24 hours as of right
now I've been up for like 20 hours
clearly you can hear to my voice as well
I didn't record those two videos thank
you for joining here today my baby
brother got married and I'm very happy
but it lets you know
also you eat I pop my pimples gobble and
put my pimples all right then
you
