weeds about to fall and rape all of our
Bowl welcome back to losing puzzle we
hustle harder productivity lives here
I'm in such a good mood today cuz I woke
up and my house is full of my friends
check it out
BAM
mr. yeah oh my god
oh these boobies are so nice oh yes my
bottoms I swear okay I didn't believe
the clock yes because that's so many
meeting but here's a flashback to what
happened yesterday / bad look at this
jacket is this jacket not look at this
Auto TV after Jackie got the white tank
top got the Tatas the jeans got the
wrenches I love myself today this stuff
an Instagram ad not gonna lie I am that
sucker we have a stacked day I know I
usually say that you're like the same
old stuff no today is a stacked day I
have to be on the entire day because I
have so many meetings and pitches also
for your reference general meetings in
like hey hi I'm Lily who are you great
let's get to know each other maybe we
can work together pictures are this is
why you should buy the show it's
fantastic pregame for pictures how are
we gonna tell them to show by this show
who this last meeting I just said was
like a therapy session people got into
my soul I was like I love that I'm a
Soul drawn to people who are literally
able to call me out and redirect me to
like a true or son for myself love that
love this jacket my instruments have
been popping recently they know my
fashion so well look at all these things
I have on my dashboard for meetings what
mean work all meetings done head to peak
or show like this week is lit Drake's
concert Whoopi cruise show I'm gonna go
to another show on Saturdays let
I'm a true freak show and I've been into
100 people I know everyone passes their
days if all of it was like that all the
people here at the main that we met for
the first time I come home and there's a
fan in my house
how'd you get in here good welcome back
my friend welcome back Kabu is your
friend back okay okay
I'm back to today where I have friends
did I mention that look I have friends
I'm in such a good mood
there's friend that I have to cry he is
the mission for today right script wanna
write script to shoot video on shoot
video to head to a party go through my
inbox burp all that was vitamin C what
finish your writing both scripts I'm not
gonna lie today I'm just a mood to like
not do anything which is not very me
because it might change gonna be
productive it's still gonna be
productive like we're gonna shoot two
videos I'm gonna happen but the
weather's like 32 degrees my friends are
here it's kind of like I want a chill
I'm actually like really happy huh
balloon chase they're really good enough
what I want to wait on I feel like
really happy humbling chase hair because
I like love them a lot but don't tell
them that all that yeah
yes sure what is that right oh I shut up
case shut up getting miked about to
shoot the video I have to shout this out
because a fan sent this it is a toy may
and it looks exactly like Scarborough
like Skaar come here
hmmm come here is your face I mean are
you kidding me look at my line of Io
team interviews going down right now go
reef reef what's your job what do you do
here what's what do you do what do you
make happen
I'm the cinematographer okay cool cool
take a picture is that like right so you
do all there's a sound and stuff yeah
just a lot of sound mainland sounds
pretty dope yeah stop people were super
super complimenting the last video did
you shoot it I don't remember that when
Shane Dawson uploads yeah yeah everyone
was like this is so good good job turned
rat buddy
here it it Cooper Cooper all right how
are you how are you my friend getting it
what do you do what do you want to job
here what
Oh more options right now in this we can
knock out we still haven't had a girls
trip mmm that is a wrap dudududududu
days I wrapped it dictated by Cigna this
could be nothing that is a refugee to do
in the record
wait for it wait for it wait for it wait
for it I'm so full I can't even breathe
the way back playback but I always have
you something sweet after I eat my
dinner so today I'm gonna try something
that one of y'all sent me my p.o box it
is unicorn cereal I've never seen
something more on brand choice check
this out right unicorn cereal magic
cupcake naturally flavored which is the
questionable limited edition door bag
whooping of sweetened but also naturally
flavored questionable smells like
plastic see now
we're addicted is we're going to taste
like oh wow that is really survive
smelling good just smelled like the
frosting on a cupcake kind of wanna
bathe in it Oh what the hardtack smelly
like like that it's wrong here you know
what you would think it was great sugary
dead
no but you know it tastes like cupcakes
but it's not as overwhelming as it
smells it's actually very pleasant it's
like subtle
yeah subtle but like completely like
Lucky Charms route loops visit top five
top taking out my hair and this boy just
like keeping me company here like a
sweet little boy you giving yourself a
bad boy by you go boy I'm getting ready
sometimes there just sits and watches
and you just like the cutest thing ever
I'm headed to a party I haven't decided
I'm gonna vlog there or not yet you'll
see momentarily
I just want to unwind a little bit so
we'll see new hairstyle you know three
braids there I took these two and I'm
like this is kind of a vibe like I'm
kind of super into this two braids out
one in this is an honor because name
just wishes birthday right now pump it
the good part about having friends now
you got drink alone apparently this is
humbles game bossy
ding-ding
are you ready
movies about to fall and rape all of our
bow
died
super dope party good vibes good and you
so many cool people were there got to be
uh sure that's a hug Beyonce I got to be
jay-z friggin it was vibes on vibes on
vibes and we like to dialogue skating
there were skating and everybody was
super super warm and super nice and they
were free fries delicious food very dope
day very grateful very tired
let's do we do tomorrow you ready for
this
your girl has a day off
you
