okay so get this one no true motherhood
lives in those we have the harder
productivity and adorable puppies live
here we're in Toronto there's still a
little bit of snow on the ground and I'm
just like what the f but it's all
because today is game game for other
rappers that's gonna take a majority of
my day but I do got other stuff to do so
here was the missions you gotta go to
the inbox like for real like I have like
a thousand emails i watch the game watch
some handmade till just chilled my
friend Tim Yan is mostly leisure day I
do have to do some poor thing just to
make sure the company doesn't sink
otherwise it's the last day of the
weekend it's Raptors day I get to see a
lot of my friends after a long time I
deserve to chill and sky Rose can do me
show many friends oh my god what is
sweet boy he's got a head butt and all
right so I got 42 emails in my inbox
doesn't sound like that much but it's my
personal business inbox that means every
email counts and requires work or
approval it's not just like a simple
email so 42 let's do it 9 Emo's left but
all night emails are starred emails for
me to come back to not because I can't
do the work right now I don't wanna
explain this to you but because they're
about meetings that are happening in the
future that I prefer to it not for me to
address right now so look at this small
boy sleeping on Mommy's lap are you
ready to watch the Raptors play Bubba
I mean I'm sleeping mommy you have three
chances now it's 4:30 of Mindy's just
played some for tonight obvious you know
brought with me 30 minutes left baby boy
is ready with his Raptors Jersey right
baby mom is right you got a rappers
Josie present ready for this north over
everything wrap it up we win it right
now
so that
whole squad squad sluts but the biggest
turn up right here getting some quality
Scarborough humble uncle time here also
the Raptors lost series now tied 2-2
which stresses me out but I am going to
the next game so my my charmed will
hopefully help them win Tatom
scarborough yeah i'm get what's yours
tell what's yours cover come on get his
beard
good boy
what a playful boy well humble what are
your thoughts on Tyrell Wow nobody nice
a nice good looking but crazy game a
fortnight the circle is so small it's
like non-existent like are you kidding
me right now look at that and these two
people are just oh god oh god I'm so
emotionally invested come on you can do
a person that killed me I'm rooting for
you do it okay look how small this
circle is what is this and neither of
them have like grenade launchers or
anything I've never seen this get okay
I'm gonna get them why how is this
happening there is no more circle Oh
what pop mean is very latest - I have
not adjusted my schedule to Eastern Time
yet I keep just pretending it's Pacific
time and I'm like I'll go to bed at 3:00
wake up at 1:00 p.m. it's look at this
guy this guy you're supposed to be tired
right now what a grizzly bear so vicious
just keep like in Scarborough - he's
just like going to bed late and then
waking up way what is it we're just
gonna pretend we still have any - are
you are see her when you just act a
party in - DJ say you got to go home
when you said nah still lit this is
that's that's what right here baby the
Perry's alone the party's over
okay so get this one know true
motherhood there was a spider in my room
usually I don't kill spiders cuz I
believe in like all lives and like I do
your life is not more important than
mine unless it's like a survival
situation where spider came down and my
baby is in this room there's no way I'm
gonna let a spider torment my baby I
killed it I had no choice I had to I
don't want to kill it but I had to it
was my baby mommy got you mommy mommy
guides you oh my god I honestly believe
like I'm a mother and I don't think any
dumb kids doesn't talk back no tuition
fees good really wedding I've gotta
confess I'm feeling kind of guilty
because I haven't done that much work I
know it's the weekend it's fine only
then we can have only done my emails I
have to read so many things and write so
many things and just do so many things
for tomorrow Monday when you're watching
this which by the way it's video day the
Hustle is gonna continue because we had
a weekend but we had a little bit too
much of a weekend even for me I think
that's the end of play let's see how it
until tomorrow where we got to go get
clothes for the wedding and we have
brunch with chase and we have dinner
with the girls I said I wasn't into work
I got I got to work in between there
somewhere have a call have a business
call I've got don't judge me I'm gonna
fit in work watch me
they didn't work just fit it in
you
