at the airport and Mama did a stupid
thing it's exam I just try to put on a
sweater while the hanger was still in it
so that's how my morning's going okay
morning this could do hair and makeup
all right we are ready scuppers ready
for his first we date he's gonna go
there and slay everybody all the girls
gonna be but scarf was first leading and
I'm ready and antennae pop you did the
things that go team is very early
when Jim's been here she's walking for
love she's really we're done with the
carpet alright so I just finished the
carpet and now here's the mission for
the rest of day you rescued one right
script to perform a tweet it possibly do
ADR for Bright Futures not confirmed yet
go home record rank one record rank 2pac
black shrug all of that so I have about
an hour break right now and I wanted to
sleep but I'm like no that's not the
responsible thing to do so I am going to
write some rants it has a little bit
cold so now I'm sitting here because
there's heat with the lightbulbs
hi
Judea the worst problems our
responsibility to open the doors for
everything from diversity to know
everything
electric death rolls never refuse to
sing songs that displayed or portray
negative pictures of where they so to me
it's the most important thing that I can
do
oh wow what is this right here release
video to super 60 right to rants record
to rands let's do the thing alright
right now school ten stages of being on
a diet I really like this video I think
it's very funny to do this funny I think
it's funny you think it's funny you
think it's funny I see it's funny yeah I
think it's funny
oh my it looks beautiful it's great
everything is great I love doing it just
said by the team I'm gonna miss those
guys I freaking love my team so much
Skarmory you just pee on the carpet what
is it Scarborough what what is that what
that was it Scott what what is it I'm
gonna record some rants now God do some
laundry gotta wash there's a bunch stuff
in a very limited amount of time so good
one ran down one more to go I swear to
God the days I'll be on a time crunch
I just fuel the pressure and I nail it
like just bang whatever Jesse begged
begged knocked out there's the word
knock down to read every muscle of
cinema said don't want this so I'm
packing rushing to death Scarborough
keeps crying I think he thinks like he
recognizes the suitcase he thinks I'm
gonna leave he keeps crying baby you're
coming with me
don't worry don't look so sad you're
coming with me this time mom I sure do
baby you're so sweet my love Mama's not
leaving you this time okay okay Bubba
time is not our friend today quickly
went to the store I want to gets cover
one more sweater I want to be cold look
at this boy it has a hood you are
perfect
he's so tired and mom I'm going to sleep
okay we're almost done packing no we're
leaving okay boy that is way too heavy
baby you ready to go for your first day
night let's go right the airport and
mama did a stupid thing
mama
forgot her wristlet at home and is there
any money to pay for scarborough because
I was so good at what job is that don't
have is mr. paperwork after my wristlet
and I'm wrong I have to go huge shout
out to Kyle's Beyonce Stu who was
currently putting it in an uber sending
it to me right now so I can make this
flight I'm a moron we made it and look
at all the new toys 99 Tina you bet it's
so exciting
he was such a good boy only a few barks
on the takeoff in the landing but
otherwise such a good chil boy cried
tears but he he's toughed it out like a
good boy now he's so happy looking above
I'm so happy now car bro welcome to
mommy's room baby welcome my parents are
legit the best like check this out
blocked up everything benefits of having
gas stations one of the blocks of the
Doritos bored I'm gonna end the vlog
here let's see how we did make sure you
subscribe because what we late with
Scarborough actually bordering
Scarborough Scarborough should we take
you Scarborough a concept
you
