so here is lesson for life if you want
something ask for its productivity lives
here look at me and kind of swag down my
silver shoes down my blue pants like
y'all girl love P love burning got my
business I just came back from a meeting
it was so great I don't dance now I make
money moves is all I will say about that
meeting it was about unicorn Island
productions and all the exciting things
are doing but other than that here's the
mission for today wash off my makeup so
I can do my makeup do my hair go to we
day were her soul come on recorder and
go to the we day party cuz I'm speaking
there come home and write some more
stuff work on my packing with all night
amore move oh actually one more thing in
the mission go Luke Skywalker on these
haters so I'm leaving for Toronto
tomorrow after we Day Thursday night and
I'm a loose trust is the first time I'm
traveling with Scarborough I think he's
gonna be fine he's like totally chill
but I just have this irrational fear
that I have all the paperwork I have all
the things take of a proper carrier I
just have some irrational fear that
something like sorry ma'am your dog
can't get on the flight I like having
nightmares of crap about it cuz either
if anyone said that to me a fool lot war
is gonna break I'm gay exqueeze me where
is your lawyers this hoping that
doesn't alright I'm talking about makeup
done by someone that she knows what the
f a door
we're here for weed in rehearsal and
Islita gomez just took the stage I
walked in I seen her on the green I'm
like let's go Bros you about to go do
her hair since God rose first week can I
have one of your amazing bugs
you're the best hockey girl mates wait
that's actually really young so here is
a lesson for life if you want something
asked for it I saw this car and I said
can I Drive it and they said yes
so which thing as I come out the side
yeah I jump off the stage we could dive
okay great but what they don't know is
what is it well when I do that you have
a specific section of shirtless men yes
we did
okay great and then I I dive and then
while I'm down there go you said this
segment was 94 minutes exactly the whole
show I got you at four hours so I'm
speaking at we day but decide on the
dress room was correct
oh that wine if am no x' what's more
important i take me to my trailer
already x-rated take it off I think you
just like so clue they say I want to
wear it and I want to buy one okay with
it it's too big for you well should we
try a tuxedo also if we talk about weed
okay let me check it out we day
rehearsals this little boy meets
Jennifer Aniston gets cuddled by
Jennifer Aniston as cuddled by Selena
Gomez just meeting all the Queens out
here stealing the hearts I got to see
Celine after so long
the heart is full I love her you know
this miss guy I wish she could know all
the babes I love him he's just like you
know you don't want shiny nice Jennifer
Selena just about a day's work
I genuinely love and I love you too
everyone I've worked with I have never
worked and I'm gonna get some good stuff
as well but just as people believe to
you if you know anyone who moving their
bomb back home I don't know what I have
done to deserve such a chill dog
he's just so well-behaved and chill and
sweet all the time like all it doesn't
matter if there's music as much as
people just he's just like I'm chill I'm
good with it he's just like great I'm
really tired a lot of things happen
today I'm going to take off my makeup
and then I don't know what induces them
but Oh feels so good to wash my face I
need to drink some water I'm gonna do it
I will get some water point people said
your dog take on your characteristics
honestly I feel like I also take on his
characteristic today I barked and Brogan
was like you sound exactly like him and
I think I do suck it so he does this is
just bark he works up to his bark he
goes like mom mom what's happening
what's happening mom what's happening to
me my sweet boy I think I'm going to
drink some water my comb his hair a
little bit and then we're gonna watch
handmaidens tail because I was called
hand-made still had meeting so had me
talk cuz I'm trying to watch new shows
every day so let's go dude a mm-hmm
brah the show's intensive genius I
freaking love it but 11:30 I need to go
to bed I'm so tired I have to wake up I
ready for this
at 5:45 tomorrow is we day I got under
the carpet I gotta go on stage you're
gonna hear a makeup done I gotta come
back I got a shoot to read I got a pack
and then I got our head to my fight yeah
jab bag day you know those moments can
you relate when you're on the couch
you're like yo it's impossible to go
upstairs like a lobster's I'm so tired
it's just the count of three Matt the
count of three just do it or anything
but one two three let's do it Oh
even Scarborough so tired he's not even
waiting for me to get my bed he's like
I'm asleep in my bed mom bye or so it
seems because loyalty would say that
even if he's really tired if I walk out
of this room he's gonna follow maybe
knives really tired let's see my baby
boy my lawyer baby boy
you so much I think we killed today
let's see how we did
thank you for joining us on la plus you
tomorrow for a jam-packed day
could you hush or don't stop please do
her sure to stuff
you
