what we thought the heart of practically
lived here before I even get to the damn
thing Shh that's why I'm telling you
case no one has told you today you are
beautiful and you are wonderful and you
are unique and known in the world is
like you and that's what makes you you
so you just take a moment and have
yourself what that it's gonna be an
awesome day today is a Wednesday I got a
lot of things to do today I'm also my
period all the guys are like a man we
relate I not know what to do I'm I feel
like I said but I'm a persevere I
persevered last night and hustled so
hard and today we go match that it sure
is the mission you gotta shoot video one
to video to go to my Inbox that's
awesome kind of I'm creative juices
flowing is that that's work to me isn't
they I mean come mom do it all so I just
changed I'm wearing yellow pen so it's
gonna be a great day they call me mellow
yellow Derr Derr Derr then they come
made of yellow dirt dirty
alright we're watching about pal a DS ad
you look really really handsome today
we're sure it's something good hair your
skin or what is it but oh I didn't even
notice that's a nice shirt
where'd you get it Melissa I'm calm I'm
just sure that unique market so it's
pretty good see that's why Taylor's
doing with the pol arena you could be
cute if you two could be cute if you
went to Elysium das gotta buy the right
shirt exactly man come on they just cut
in a plate of onions for your dinner
Ali's gotten the best of you it's a food
a dream came true today i impressed
Taylor with something I created this
magazine on Photoshop I did it an
impressive in like five minutes so
impressive this is my societal pressures
magazine just in case you can't see the
details of it in the video it has a
barcode it says the tagline is making
you feel like you have no choice and
then there's a food really that
important
banks that will cook and this is my work
of art three mistakes in it though there
are three mistakes by yes I will as much
that yellow this map yellow doesn't
match that yellow and there's a white
line there I'm done to the magazine to
tried check out our prop section right
here this looks like dope did Corella
saying I kind of just want this in my
house you didn't agree with me which is
very hurtful Oh No
did you do this prop section brogan yeah
you're a really great job continuing to
do a great job
hey Brogan hey Brogan hey Brogan hey bro
yeah hey Brogan hey Brogan hi Brogan
what's your favorite thing about working
with Lily oh don't worry I won't tell
her everything no pressure how many
times she had you like how many times
you get a hug today yeah really I do hug
you a lot do you like it Toni Toni
yeah honey yeah Toni what you favorite
thing about working with really I won't
tell her Dora this is just a
confidential survey we're doing here the
boob sweat a lot hey Taylor Taylor
Taylor come over here Taylor Taylor
Taylor Taylor hi Taylor
oh wait Taylor Taylor what's your
favorite thing but working with broken
Oh your prep to the dancer now you don't
have one oh damn Taylor you're turning
red we like the same kind of music so we
play oh what's your favorite thing we're
working with Tony okay
who's Tony again ah damn there's this
amazing things about you all the time to
Taylor like wait a minute they were
working with lily we want
her Lily god this is a really hard one
you're turning really red it's great
come on there's so many options back how
I finished scripts three weeks in
advance there's some everything's way on
time there in advance
we're very ahead of the game here okay
you know what I'm taking my sarcasm off
this Apple box and going somewhere else
I don't think a number from one to ten
you pick nine like a douche I'm gonna
see if I can go one after the other
eight nine skills in my mouth or at home
and you it was all done in post yeah
let's hear one from my time to make a
clothing store 20 hot she fire yeah
great well your outfits are horrible
yeah innocent son you could get it you
still write Atilla would you check out
Samuel come on man listen especially
since I did that all cool people do that
some night in it so good brother check
it out know what to do
okay ladies put your bids in or fellas
whatever you want right here's a sweeter
tin you like this yeah those shoes
oh snap sweeter ting stuff it's that
light honey come on
alright let's see a good 360 right here
yeah no it's really that means all the
way around okay props to our give us a
pose come on Oh ginger so we watched two
episodes of The Walking Dead and it
annoyed me I felt the need to show
Masako an episode of Game of Thrones
season 1 episode 1
tell me your thoughts it was good I'm
well confused I was asking question yeah
that's normal there's so many characters
yeah but it was good there's depth I'm
not gonna say it's bitter
that's fine it's not a competition isn't
that a competition it was good it was
good right sometimes eating thank you
how the end I was like I wasn't ready
for the hit
listen you liked it too right Scott
would you think I really liked the part
with the direwolf in case you had any
doubts that I'm a ridiculous human being
I thought I just proved with you right
now I kept a prop from today's shoot
this framed picture of McDonald's I
thought it was just really cute and I
want to keep it in my room like I just
want this framed picture to be in my
room so that's what I'm gonna do a great
productive day I love what I managed to
get two videos done in the day because
it does really clear up my week ahead to
work on other creative projects I'd have
some huge announcements coming up soon
as you follow me on my social medias for
all of that and tomorrow ok today when
you watch this it is super Thursday
here's a sneak peek of the video Lilly
Singh here's your diploma we'd like to
offer you a job here's a raise you love
a career now you're an adult it's about
school and degrees and all that jazz I'm
sure you don't relate to it make sure
dreams super 6 you let me know dr. blog
bam thank you you know the drill I'll
give you some extra let's see how we did
I wish I could capture scarborough's
personality on this camera but I can't
he hides her into their bed and when I
call him he literally looks like he's
gonna topical wolf please attack my head
he goes that's my hand it was like
personality quirks Bubba dam mommy love
thank you so much for watching our vlog
Thank You scrubbers and make sure you
subscribe please because the more you
subscribe and the more people watch the
videos the more toys mommy can buy me
so please subscribe okay bye
you
