I've never been talking the first time
hello I am Lily from the future because
Lily from the past forgot to do the
mission so even though I know what
happened today do my hair and makeup go
to Debbie Debbie hall-of-fame a lot of
junk food say hi to my daughter those
are all the things let's do the things
oops I'm in New Orleans what's going on
just landed but yours are so plug so I
get I don't know how loud I'm speaking
but our landings the plane was like this
I mean leaked footage of our landing I
swear to God I lost brain cells we're
here in New Orleans for Wrestlemania the
so excited were to head to the hotel
order some food get ready for tonight's
Hall of Fame I hate wait it's that car
yeah no no no I went over here excited
Kyle's favorite thing he's done with me
is WrestleMania that's so rad number I
love it I feel fun and he's like that's
mostly oh so I'm just saying two outfits
there's some of these people wear
when WWE is like we gonna treat our girl
real good with this room right now and
give it a view of where WrestleMania is
going to be WWE I swear to God if the
younger me had known you'll be spoiling
me and treating me like family and being
the wonderful people you are like Lilly
would still be screaming the young
Lilith so I was just telling Kyle when I
was younger I had to beg my mom to rent
the pay-per-view box for uh something
like beg her to save up money beggar
behave for monthly mom please you don't
get it life or death you have he's a
bagman all my friends are watching
WrestleMania was a huge thing and huge
deal to me I just think that I'm being
flown invited personally by the WT like
I cannot also Xbox just recognize me for
the elevator you know story from my
previous locker I waited like many hours
to meet him when I was young and he just
recognized me only eating healthy so I
can fit into my dress also just kidding
okay so I'm not flexible enough to zip
my dress but I'm going full out gown for
this hall of fame thing cause I'm back
my dress and hide my swag this is the
unzipped version of it though it's like
a gown is very pretty very pretty I
really like it I have decided that I am
over the glasses thing and I think I
want to get LASIK because like moments
like this I'm like oh I brought my clear
glasses and they're not gonna go with
this and no glasses will go this and I
hate contact and so I'm just deciding to
get LASIK done BAM you like it okay now
help me hide my Spanx on shake no you
know no damn carbs and calories
kyle is gonna be through at all i truly
have acquired a love for what i do
this is better than any Grammy anything
this is happening
I cannot believe this is my life sprayed
up I kept telling comic okay he's that
person right there I waited 10 hours
zoom in my choppers right there I also
waited ten hours like everyone that
passing by I'm like oh my god you don't
know this but I freaking waited forever
to meet your mind a long time ago I just
like crazy see all these people I
idolize walk around and deduce
themselves for me it's just I'm so
grateful I'm so lucky and I'm just like
such a kid in these scenarios it's so
excited to be here so thank you again WW
I'm so just honored that you consider me
cool enough to be here now you know
timeless because my Spanx be digging
into my stomach right now daddy I need
you to unzip me the two-hand job oh oh
there okay dang not so know where you
can see the specs but low enough that I
can reach thank you release new music
new album aivalis - yeah but Drake just
released a new song I did just let's do
it it's fire in other news this happened
right and then this happened this is
happening he can really see your to
change from the same move back to the
thugs so the last several moments were
spent with me and my daughter here
posing candidly to take pictures let's
never say it one more time ready do ok
wait 1 2 3 not here's the result of our
photo shoot
I also spent several minutes going
through vine compilations it's barely
that's what young kids watch and quality
yeah I do all of them
mine's dead y'all know that yeah alright
alright be ready to slay my daughter's
leaving me now mommy's gonna miss you
baby okay I see you see you soon so we
look alike like hey can we just take a
moment like could she not pass as my
daughter thanks Kylie you're not not old
you're right
she knows all the right things to say oh
did you go shopping would you get oh
this is just our trash from our two
meals today oh that's how much we ate as
two people shows in the bodhi that bump
is trouble alright I'm so tired with
your and because technically in LA
it's still two hours behind suck it's
not even that late but I'm gonna go to
bed because I did wake up quite early
for a flag but take off this makeup
we'll go to bed first night without
scarbrow I'm I really miss him like I
think about him constantly I really
really miss him but I know he's having
so much fun playing with other doggies
right now very leisure day didn't do a
lot of work admittedly but y'all I'm
tired I'm gonna do some work tomorrow
let's see how did and scarbrow if you're
watching this mommy's gonna be home soon
I love you so much and I miss you
you
