all right so lilies in the top ten but
as you can see she's just hiding in a
bush harder Punk'd you do miss your part
if he has not lived here thus far on
this Sunday afternoon because I legit
just walking from a two hour nap for no
reason I was like you know what I'm
mildly tired so I must leave for a
couple hours but it's okay because I
always think about those moments where
I'm tired and I'm not able to nap so I'm
like this is for you past-self take
Scarborough to kindergarten I did that
play about in a second read a script
record an audition go through my inbox
prep for meeting tomorrow and then I'm
gonna play for at night for the first
time in my life with Taylor here's the
thing about the kindergarten class my
young boy right here he did so good he's
a little nervous he's not scared of big
dogs but this class full of puppies and
he was a little intimidated by the
puppies cuz they were like so crazy and
wild and barky I think is he's the
smallest in the class and the whole
class he's the smallest by far so
although the puppies are like going on
the stair things and doing all these
toys and he doesn't know how to go
upstairs yet right baby boy he didn't
know how to go up the stairs yet but he
did in he's so sleepy but it is such a
good thank you he did such a good job
for his first day and he's almost
mastered to sit and we oh oh thank you
oh thank you so much
oh thank you oh thank you so much so he
did a really good day for day one my
baby you show came through the smaller
stone at your side oh thank you so much
it's okay right it's okay I love this
boy so much boobie boobie now he was
just a montage of mean Scrabble playing
Oh Oh casually scrip now and you know
how I know he's not scared of big dogs
yesterday guess who dogs at Scarborough
who rode in and her dog cookies very
much so bigger than scarf scarf wasn't
scared by shoutouts to roll for
dog-sitting Scarborough I didn't vlog
yesterday but I went to Tia's baby
shower and needed someone cuz Taylor was
my date for the night here's a flash but
by the way to use baby shower goals
check out this flashback from
yesterday's baby shower so 80s baby
shower and we are the most basic clothes
here because it's fabulous it's so nice
there's about to play this game or
either Superman is the light I love it
yeah
okay I have to go read a script no mom
no mom no mom no mom I don't want you to
read you skip I just want you to play
with me Mommy has to go read the script
mommy had to go read the script mommy
has to go read the script no mom no mom
okay Doug who just finished my audition
I actually didn't have the full script
so took way less time than required it
was really really short side so all
right give me the points and now my
backpack oh what's getting destroyed
it's so quick mommy scary with the
blogging yeah mom you crazy you were
crazy ho bye dude just went into the old
office closet forgot this sweater
existed in this color been it myself you
want
well this one is out available this is a
little ec exclusive right here let me I
have but this is still the best selling
sweater and the MER shop so if you want
anything calm is where you can get all
your merch and you know you weren't
coming soon oh ha shocking a printer
they actually printed I'm pretty much
done prepping for my meeting Tamiya
printed some is this is a really longer
angle we've gone Bukka top right now
almost ready for my meeting tomorrow
with my new hydrogen mapping introduce
you to for a while but I made it really
big a higher in my company the biggest
tire I've ever made and I'm very excited
about it cuz I'll make you some money
moves in fact humic
okay copyright I've been saying this for
four days straight but I'm finally adult
enough to do it I'm going grocery
shopping Scarborough's first oh he's
sleeping in his bag sky bro I'm licking
my paws mom stop interrupting me first
trip to the grocery store mom let's do
it
good boy I just had the most stressful
checkout ever at Ralph's and it's not
because of Scarborough actually I've run
all the employees security I thought
isn't you're stressing your Maggie's in
the store no one cares I'm they're
checking out right and in the aisle next
to me this dude
loses his mind and another customers are
swearing so loud I said dude stop
touching my cart it's like I'm exported
I'll throw you through this glass but
it's like making a huge huge see what
baffled me was a few things one I had no
idea what to do I wasn't in the same
line like I wasn't that close to him but
I was like I don't even know how to
react to a situation like of course I
want to help this guy blast the guy he
was swearing at cuz he kept his chill he
was like yo I see you're not in the
right state of mind I see you're making
a huge like the guy clearly wasn't oh I
don't know if all there is even the
right room I think you might have had
like anger management cuz he seemed
completely fine but just like losing his
mind and I was like I don't even know
how to help this person like I don't
even know how to handle situations guy
handle it great walked away but here's
the after part I see the Ralphs people
yeah call for security trudi hood gets
there does nothing does nothing but not
only does she does nothing because she's
a she you're another customer go oh god
it's a lady security guard I'm like have
I been teleported back to 1962 like what
the eff is happening was that your effed
up five minutes I'm like you whack you
whack you f you sir
you're a hero you whack you I was at wat
da f is happening here more the story is
Scarborough was such a good boy made not
even a peep calmly sat in his little
Bank could chill little dude and for
that my friend gonna get lots of treats
no big deal about to change your life
I'm excited I'm taking to her to do me
some vegan junk food spot are you
skeptical at all the mediator let me
know your thoughts what do you think no
I've only ever heard good things about
it I'm just excited to try it okay so
you're not one of those like oh no the
difference but everyone else of taking
there's a : all the different it's so
good so stand by for Taylor's
life-changing reaction alright
girlfriend
what do you think this good boy right
here so for tonight is all the rage let
me preface this by saying I've been a
Nintendo girl my whole life I've never
played first time ever playing
PlayStation there's not a minute we're
birthday for tonight and what give a
brief synopsis of the game it is just
the Hunger Games and minecraft put
together
well they familiar with one of those
things that we're gonna figure it out
there's so many joysticks
on the Jesus Christ went to and the
gamepad yeah I'll show you don't worry
Peggy Here I am playing for tonight came
in 23rd by the way not bad for my first
time and this sweet boy for the first
time ever is in his house what a good
boy oh my sweetheart so your strategy is
hide kill no one and let no one kill you
I'm sorry would you get to 26 thank you
I got 23 I'm my 14-year now it's a lot
okay okay the up/down looking thing that
second joystick screws me over we need
to figure that it otherwise like I feel
like I can't be good at this eventually
Oh just hang also you look just like
your avatar yeah identical
she's playing I thought the spherical
with a person just ugly stupid you are
serving your purpose sir when my
strategy was being critiqued I'd be a
pansy wait till the very few people
everyone Hey
there's only five people that those do
the most 100 people in total so under
the top corner riveting gameplay going
on right here storms moving in so let's
keep hiding the I guess all right
so Lily's in the top ten but as you can
see she's just hiding in a bush dick
let's see how FAR's gets her update lily
is still in the bush it's Anna
eight people she's waiting here cocaine
someone that's at seven
I think someone's shooting a rocket
recover nade oh no it's a guide in
rocket so they're aiming it at the other
base this guy across from Lily has built
a tower to the heavens she's somehow
still alive
yeah Dinah six you won't win because
you're gonna have you're gonna have to
shoot someone to win okay someone is
right next to you take brand right by
you what you shot at the ground okay
don't move they're they're building a
tower right next to you I don't really
know yeah yeah you can't see them if you
shoot they're just gonna get away you're
there throw it again
pull the other one
I think he's right behind you he's right
next to you dude that's pretty good I
had to 6 ha ha I'm obsessed I'm sorry
I'm not very good but I'm obsessed it
was he thinking back from my computer or
my ps4 not the whole thing is a whole
thing tomorrow
it is Monday back to the grind for today
let's see how we did
you
