we also heard a Productivity leave sir
you might be wondering what the f is in
your head are to reduce to are to p3
r2d2 from Star pretty sure that's right
this is to keep my hair down so my
braids are noise and toy I'm not gonna
live past couple days I've been kind of
just like what is my purpose what is the
meaning of life I wake up every morning
yeah and then I do the vlog I'm like
here's a mission but today I want to
really feel the mission I'm not just
doing this for entertainment I'm just
doing this for a YouTube machine I want
to really feel it today this is my
mission to accomplish these things but
not only accomplish them be happy while
doing it shuli feel productive and like
I accomplished something and just feel
at peace with where I am in the present
right now that is what I want to feel
during this mission I just want to
mindlessly be like did this did this got
the points no I don't want to feel it
today so here is the mission for today
you were heading to Adobe MAX day to
have a unicorn island meet have a team
meeting possibly have another unicorn
island meeting let's go through my inbox
right around a quarter inch and
everything else is bonus
three million people loved her Lillian
Westland and by the new creative
it's super quiet yesterday our church
for fonts loud with us if you don't put
about it frequently your ship goes down
we love that algorithm now God left the
other that's right right I mean I
started videos in 2010 and when I
started 2010 missile refresher for
exciting I was still learning how to
edit and how to shoot I was a super
inspired very motivated all the time I'm
still very motivated but could be
obvious situation that humans get used
to be so if you do a lot of anything
eventually in that comic even though I
really like this thing have done so much
of it some struggles awake over that
same motivation at save energy so I'm a
big believer of scheduling inspiration
actually I have to actively go out of my
way to consume a lot of creative content
who I am personally I have to say a lot
for my moment oh that's a very common
answer but as who and long has that
immigrant possible that is instilled in
me to do or die you have no choice
there's acting that's very much so bad
I'm on camera time up my pin fall on top
of you like this because we are black
dude I'll pass my pastels are fast with
Carolyn girl and Carolyn's death has
passed educating dad you're really good
look how good Jordan I'm covering your
face you're so beautiful look she's so
good okay so I've been teaching broken
Punjabis little by little each day she's
killing it - I say banana ah honey help
it
team we did it we did it Coosh Coosh
we did it okey dokey smokey headed to my
next meeting check out this fit because
I'm kind of obsessed with my OOTD it's
got a little bit of platforms kind of
cool right so I just got a whole bunch
of my clothes back from tailoring
something I learned from reading Mindy
Kaling's book is like tailoring clothes
makes the biggest difference so I
decided to invest in that bunch of
clothes that I really like but didn't
fit me to the best of you know that they
could also handle dish up hug my love
handles yo okay I'm here let's go pick
that s part of this show and I'm back
okay that was great fingers crossed
also I carried this all the way from my
meeting to my car because yeah girl just
finish this last water get rid of boys
boat we have a team meeting and I
thought I would start it off with a
little riddle there it is tell me if you
can figure out what that's supposed to
be riddle the first person to raise
their hand
well we had paid for maximum $10 lunch
$10 $12 1215 dollars $50 lunch tax
including both the delivery wouldn't
unlock our decently sized you know what
that's gonna whine you dollar life to
solve what number should go in that
question right
did you know you just screwed up Kyle
one first ago five okay what why didn't
you fight well I only want to play a
logic is correct because it might be
really stupid if I did this it's too
because it all adds up to 15 we're doing
human not it's the team-building
exercise but we are tangled I was
untangle ourselves yeah out breaking
your head okay all right Brogan step
over step over to your right step over
Masako and eyes are keep going go on
your groups communication no I got a
turn right yeah yeah yeah we're spinning
us out oh no oh you guys can turn right
my arms eating you though this is fine
so way to go under all right no oh yeah
as he's next to you where he needs to be
human man Masako maybe stop goes next to
meet her where she needs to be they
people when you're holding to his hands
right I need to be next to Brogan and
Masako yeah you know cuz I stand next to
you number this way we really go yep
we're getting this we're gonna be goin
olives you can arm can what are the
stupid guys we can do this ya know it's
time for an extra set of Saco steps over
one we know you need to step over your
own hand yeah I feel like we are well
I'm just trying to see you go under
Taylor
yeah we already did this for next time
this is our goal
good job finished all my meetings for
today now go home and do a crap load of
things I'm having one of those when I
call have a lot okay we're gonna get it
done
all right I'm not gonna lie y'all I am
mother-effing tired I've been working
for about 12 hours now it is 8:30 4:00
p.m. I woke up early as you know for
hair and makeup girl it's not here but I
still got it right my ran record my rent
finished cripple and then take this
grease and oil off my face use it to
make some own sauce and then go through
my emails everything this day there's no
toughest I've got a YouTube shoots and
you know corn on the production stuff
but on top of that 12 collabs is coming
and it's gonna be not easy but it's okay
but it's okay because we gonna make a
half and we're gonna do it the smile on
our face but your girl is you know super
important question what do you call an
alligator detective an investigator
hey Scarborough I know you're not eating
the carpet cuz you're a good boy right
Hey
just finished recording my rats oh good
cuz my hair make was Donald's like two
birds one stone
I was supposed to be done by 9:15 what
time is it just like keep thinking about
like why we couldn't get out of the
human not try it if you want to try
getting out of human not that's what you
gotta do get in a circle with your
friends raise your right hand everybody
put in the middle hold hands with
someone across the circle from you can't
be the person next to you do the same
thing with your left hand can't be the
same person that's holding your right
hand and can't be the person next to you
and you let it get out of it without
breaking yes we could not figure it out
like it was driving us crazy I keep
thinking about this moment everything
I'm doing right here and I'm like why
couldn't we maybe if I just twisted my
arm man even holla just a goddamn
contortionist look what I bought for
scarbrow was falling asleep so I
showered facemask and now we're getting
back to it okay first script done about
30 mins behind schedule I'm fighting
through the sleepiness self time for
another joke hey hey hey what did the
baby corn say to the mommy corn
where's popcorn hey Scarborough what
should my next video be about know what
else what else know what else what else
no no figured on my second video it's
actually a remake of an older video I've
done it I doesn't really require a
script takes place like a freestyling
type of video something the crews never
done before as me interesting to see
what we can work to figure that video
out I am so tired I woke up at 7 a.m. it
is midnight now I'm gonna f to bed for
head because your girl is 9 let's do
today tomorrow not only are we gonna
shoot and hustle well we gonna see some
Jersey dress
you
