welcome back nursing Basel we also heard
of productivity lives here what's poppin
what's cooking good-looking today is
gonna be a perfect blend of work and
leisure and I'm living for it here's
which betrays you hair spray my hair hi
to the Adobe event shoot the best vlog
segment of all time release that video
and then a birthday thing call then what
is with the team is planning a birthday
thing for Taylor and I even though our
birthdays were 900 years ago we weren't
here for our birthdays and so there's no
surprise almost losing yo you free we're
doing so no we go see well pops off I
hope it's a group nap because your girl
is tired your girl woke up at 6:00 a.m.
your girl is broke I'm jealous of you
jealous a little while ago
Taylor's that yo tell us the story I'm
scrolling through and Zig my face go
okay so Adobe MAX having today I love
that kind of stuff so I was like oh I
want to go to this convention so I was
like looking up Rises everything and
someone dad my company was like hey do
you know who's speaking and I was like
no I think no I was like Ron Howard I
think I saw him there they're like ok
also like Lily I was like what what I
sent her a picture was like me I adore
to your speak there dude you could just
come so you know you're just coming with
me be so excited look at him I'm excited
too it's really cool like the rehearsal
is it was super cool and it's a super
cool venue just cool cool techy stuff I
love it so cute look at her little how
on the Prairie
that's why we're so focused eliminations
women are the new tools that automate
tedious tasks grants smarter on those in
these video professionals more time to
be creative he did not get a chance to
show you some of the amazing addition
we've made to our animations for that
conditions like characterize but in the
classroom here's a new breed of video
storyteller has emerged so I'm happy to
welcome to the stage one of the leaders
of this new generation of video
storytellers
please welcome I want to make tutorials
do I want to make common people's words
of music and so I just trying to find my
parents a little bit you know I think
comedy is a really great vehicle for
communicating messages of gender
equality and simple things that were
loving yourself
I was I was able to watch my content and
feel good anything like me when I first
start making videos I had no idea what I
was doing especially when it came to
evident I was by no means an expert and
I was just looking for software that
would make me seem like I knew what I
was doing you know with powerful
features especially the fact that Russia
has no love desktop mobile and tablet
that's very much so capture the essence
of post production say did so much work
just now it's awesome I feel great and
everyone is saying my outfit it's up to
you which is the first place and the
second puzzle this is actually a really
cool event I've never been to an event
like that and I was just so blown away
that people are applauding about new
features Taylor being one of them Taylor
was the audience losing his mind just to
the show us to stay safe some minor
exaggeration like literally people were
like they're talking on phones and
they're like like oh my god this is so
cool so that's a really fun event I also
gave a shout-out to Taylor on stage she
now knows too much though so I
definitely heard of these demos where
things girls like all everyone on the
team has to learn how to do all these
things okay so you may or may not know
that I have a dog you may or may not
know that I was assessed with my dog
halloween is coming up and I have
ordered his so many
Halloween costumes I'm arrived so I'm
not yet arrived but I decide today we're
gonna do a dog Halloween costume all I'm
so excited
up first we got the classic pumpkin what
inside excited white a good boy oh my
goodness Wow come in coming up next we
have baby shock did you try for this
teddy bear we'll see what happens kind
of it
these wait discovers he's too small this
is a small he's too small for small it's
okay baby you don't do it you don't have
to work next we're gonna try it you're
doing great
are you doing great you still hates
young learn discover does like to happen
that's okay that's good for weather but
we got woody next Wow good boy
oh yeah good year woody I did y'all good
he did so good here you go have so many
here several hours later several games
later I need to go to bed it is like 12
I have hair makeup in about sevenish
hours just not that bad at me at seven
hours of sleep yeah you chance everyone
I watch my new video today when Shane
Dawson up a little clip in case you
haven't seen yet
hi frickin love it it's just my way I'd
be like yo I said this before in a vlog
I think Shane is so innovative and
game-changing and I haven't seen someone
who is as positive as him who has been
able to like hack sure people's
attention to such an extent I think it's
so cool I just wanted to like commentate
on that because I think it's dope Ensign
Oh cute little scared I'm glad y'all
like it cuz a lot of people like yo SiC
my DP killed it read kill the team
killed everyone get killed it
yo um who just won four games monopoly
deal was that both of me that's me oh my
god jason-3 I won four she's all guys
okay you know what this Guinness stuff
all over your face first of all yeah you
look like a messed up in animal tomorrow
we got Adobe MAX we got a meeting we got
a team meeting we got I know a lot of
you watch the watch the
you
