welcome eyeballs we also heard a
Productivity lives here I'm walking out
of my hotel right now in Edmonton
Alberta and let me tell you how
disoriented I was when I woke up this is
the conversation I had with myself where
am I wait wait where am i okay why am i
alarm going off okay I got to play this
all right what am I doing here
you're waiting right literally took me
like 15 mr. Farrow where I was and what
I was doing my hotel room is kind of
like in a mall so my view is like stores
and I was like but here's the mission
for today's you get my hair and makeup
done speak every day go through my inbox
go to an after party maybe watch your
movies and I'm all after all all that
more let's do it
check out my get doing a half and we did
and then remember that for tonight
outfit I told you I kept I'm a pilot
good morning y'all good morning y'all
this lighting is still not doing
anything oh right team here we are day
two of our excursion public speaking out
we date right in the girl also yesterday
I was like oh my god we didn't read
16,000 rafiki's but it's okay because
you know where the campaign is still
going on it's still gonna reach it it's
still real and there's a lot of Rafiki
sold so there's like almost 10,000 right
based on a very large number so we he's
happy he's grateful we're gonna keep
giving back so you can still get them a
girl of calm and we're about to go to
weeding right now and myself some more
hey hey hey
second girls the school is fun
bro Jin what you're doing I'm just over
half a Lily's flat I need books more
efficiently how many flats are there
she's got like did she prep your flaps
the right way she did prep my flats the
right way but now she's closing my flaps
too quickly so I'll be fine
I like can't believe I wrote this book
every time I do this I get this is
becoming clear I wrote every page of
this book that's insane also you don't
have this book yeah I think the website
is really signal calm if you want to get
this book and it's still available in
bookstores instead I've said it but like
if you're a newer fan you did notes I
wrote this book it was a New York Times
bestseller more importantly though I
really am proud of it's like my baby so
I wrote this baby and she puts her
signature in the flamp on some of them
oh yeah a lot of the books that you'll
see in bookstores are publicized I
should do another round of that maybe oh
you know what when it releases in
paperback maybe what do you think tell
me about the process that we're
observing right now I am drying Lily's
flaps out so that the autograph doesn't
smudge you see the teams will do one try
that snap try that flap this gets a
little excited oh my god the slap each
other oh god damn it's a little far
there let's be really she don't take it
further as soon as this camera
every time I feel like the small
something my tournament before stage of
our game
what if I said she's an actress
this is her blog you know a bonded for
life and you can't escape
you know what the crowd was the first we
day here so they're so excited and I
love it they're so supportive and sweet
and I love what people are pre things
minded the one love superwoman that is
rapid they're all y'all know me better
than I know you
so check out all these amazing products
but we obviously got the girl love stuff
they got dope pictures look at this
picture of me in the girls but then I
want you to pay attention to one per on
this picture look but honestly it's the
people is what I love the organizers of
we date I think they're all phenomenal
and they all really believe in the
causes and that really makes a
difference yeah look at that take the
turn in the pool just did a phenomenal
probably one most fun interviews ever
while playing Jenga with Spencer hi
YouTube channel where can they watch it
it's Spencer to the west it's pretty
easy to find answer to the why don't
have any legs ah that'd be easy to find
yeah illegal bait they description he is
phenomenal and awesome we just played
Jenga it was the most impressive Jenga
game ever it really was it went on
forever forever successful wait I had a
great time the audience was so fabulous
back in the hotel I'm gonna catch a
movie us girls I know doing a little
photo exchange what happens that for
everything I do we take some pictures
Rogen and some pictures that's why they
look so good cuz you know me everyone
makes fun okay the saturation he
pictures should be so F that's what I
like too like that but she makes him
look good and stuff so all of them make
the pictures look good and I'll post
them with my witty captions that's
exactly right now
so this is the largest mall in North
America and like the 23rd in the world
it has the world's largest indoor
rollercoaster we're going to check it
out this is crazy this is the fall shook
like this we all wanted were like
let's go on a roller coaster
the things I miss little Canada that KFC
has a veggie burger and I'm also gay
about to go see the nun what an exciting
day this is the summary of the entire
movie ready that's what happens just to
watch Moana cuz broken head it see it
two movies in a row living my best life
I've been stabbed at the edge of the
water banks the after-party now we're
all really retired but we want to go we
said we're gonna go we're gonna do it up
I'm not gonna take him and end the vlog
here because I do we can take my camera
he'll never go for that long anyways no
very productive days let's do it it
doesn't while we're heading back to LA
you
