literally public right now and my camera
is suction to the airport glass and
there's lots of people watch them you're
not only cute but inside the glass hello
hello we here in San Francisco we just
landed here as the missions you head to
my green room delay our makeup tweak my
speech do my speech at room two reads
event head on a very very cool flight to
Edmonton Alberta that I can do every day
tomorrow go through my inbox at some
point leave some video do super sexy all
that more that's the one person everyone
was looking at me inside but everyone
was looking at me inside it's a really
cool shadow on your face right now
if you're going
you like what I have into something yeah
yeah I'm sorry I don't it is I'm really
really sleep-deprived right now like I'm
really tired
Oh use this one which is my face with
the sample
I'm so tired you're just oriented
progeny Lily together forever this is
the thing I've realized what I'm really
tired I make theme songs I don't know
why I just like everybody to everyone
get ever French you'd go isn't it cool
am i cool you cool look cool alright
y'all today is a beautiful day I gotta
get ready in about an hour I have an
hour and a half until I have to be ready
so I gotta start getting ready and doing
all the things but before that's it's a
beautiful day because it is
International Day of the girl
you know that's my gem I just posted an
Instagram picture and I'm gonna do
dramatic reading of it this is a picture
of me you see a dramatic reading this is
me as a young girl growing up I was a
huge tomboy even though everyone wanted
me to be more girly from a young age the
importance of marriage was emphasized to
me by example surrounding me I was
taught that women should know their
place in the household in the world
there were certain things girls should
and should not do limitations were laid
out today where whatever makes me feel
comfortable and authentic I will choose
if and when I want to get married and in
the meantime I have other goals I know
my place in the world is wherever I want
it to be and I know that my life isn't
guided by limitation though rather by
exception how did this young girl become
this woman opportunity education
wonderful parents safety encouragement
and he'll hug however many young girls
around the world do not have these
privileges they on Dave Lee girl I want
to celebrate my sister's around the
world by reaffirming their endless
potential who are strong you are
inspiring you deserve the world and we
will continue to work to give it to you
because an empowered girl is the world's
most beautiful ripple and I truly
believe that and then I go to a swipe
through of all the lovely girls I have
met on my journeys around the world give
us look at these Queens look at the
Queens all the Queens everywhere around
the world I am so proud to be your
sister and I'll do my part to ensure
that the sisterhood is stronger
when's the last time you saw the queen
getting ready by herself
also this step remember the vlog where I
tried to copy James Charles makeup
tutorial
I literally have been doing that since
that because I didn't know this was
thing this has been in my makeup drawer
for like ever and I never do any baking
it's just like gets rid of the blood
like just gives you the morbid finish to
look yeah like just softened it up a
little bit no you can sometimes tell you
where you make the butter skin it
softens it up like it sort of your pores
I'm Jake Charles hi sister one of my
eyebrows filled in the other is not I
know it's very laughs everybody take a
break because my eyes just watering in
the mirror over there I know I was like
joking around my maid's friend captured
and like to read you know dramatically
but Real Talk I am so proud to be a
woman and I and you all know I'm so
about just girl power and girl love and
a lot of times not a lot of times
actually Esther's that sometimes on a
post with these things every once in a
while there's a few guys that are like
what the eff look why don't you film a
boy I just want you to know that I think
everyone you know speaks really about
their own experiences and I want you to
I don't like try get to do that all the
time but it was really tough growing up
as a girl in a South Asian community for
me a lot of times and so when I talk
about those experiences I'm by no means
saying that you know employees don't
deserve love and there shouldn't be you
know opportunities for boys of course
not but I'm just reflecting back on all
those experiences they had where you
know growing up marriage was really
emphasized to me and growing up I was
always told girls should and whistle
girls shouldn't do that don't talk too
much and I'm so the opposite of that now
and it was really hard to get to this
place and I want you to huge shout out
to my parents because I know it's been a
really hard journey for them to allow
themselves to have a daughter that like
does this crazy career and has all these
crazy personality traits not all parents
like that and all communities are
accepting of that and so it's really
tough for some girls out there and
especially today I'm David girl I just
want to send positive vibes and look at
this beautiful view I just want to send
vibes out to all the girls in the world
you are so worth it and if you don't
have the opportunities I'm sorry and I'm
gonna do my part to ensure that I can
possibly help you get those
opportunities happy
I know what it feels like my own
experiences to feel like you have no
purpose in life even though this
beautiful event it's very wonderful and
I know I know that I fumbled a little
bit but Kyla Brogan said you couldn't
even notice I pulled it also like the
mic I was like it's mic on is the
struggle free but I think I got the
message across it was such a pleasure
and honor to speak on the same stages
and in Susan they're just like every
time I see them together
Oh your jeans must have some magic in
them because they're just so strong and
intelligent and talented I'm like dang
let me be our adopted sister yo Julie
would get ski alright we're all wrapped
up here and I wanted to brace you for
this transition because it's a little
rigid and you go like me exude a few
days ago but I just made a speech about
just privilege and I I always threw to
sakal as well like we won the lottery
just was where we were born we have so
many privileges that so many
opportunities the only way for me to do
this event and then get to we date
tomorrow to talk about girl love but
yourself was a private jet so I don't
want your thing like I came here and I'm
like raveleijn give back now hopping a
gentleman bow we're very aware I'm very
grateful that I am able to do this
because I was really important for me be
at this event to talk about these
important issues and also be a we day
tomorrow which you know I have a
relationship with we day so bright so
self what we gonna do
the behind-the-scenes for Lily's
Instagram photo is baby's first cryogen
experience right here it's cute is cute
we were just outside with the most basic
Oh photo shoot ever and everyone was
doing so patient like ok these people
brand-new and other grass
all right so I'm not a virgin evidence
today and I want your photoshoot in this
year I'll make it respond even so these
possible
she tweeted the mile-high club
why don't we take a cute photo together
okay let's do it very late in the trap
I'm servers literally doing a sexy pose
right
unintentionally prepared for a month
bank because there's so much food on
this plate
you know what epic queue really really
short mukbang
I'm the Pope and
tell them about past
what about with each other out
any other just got a suit
we just assume you're most using Edison
or just look like all comers
the black my word
the loss
watch.watch one last time no
winter
my heart that's what I'm talking about a
short commute from there to there
whoa just got to our hotel in Edmonton
we're in actual Edmonton right now I'm
something smaller okay cool
it's almost 300 rekt y'all go great
thank you
what a nice hotel room blessings on
blessings on blessings up in here I am
so grateful we are in our third place
for the day from LA to San Fran to
Edmonton I'm so tired was makeup all
over my face I'm so sleep-deprived right
now I need to just jump my face me and
plant it on this bed in two seconds
let's see I did not to mention during
all of this we released a new main
channel video check it out it's called
embrowned will throw a surprise party
the link is in the description when I
have to sleep goodnight
you
