welcome back to lazy flows we also
harder productivity lives here because
our last day here in the UAE speak at
the Sharjah Book Fair do a
meet-and-greet - one two three
interviews through the event the second
time in the evening a second
meet-and-greet go clubbing tonight pack
gotta fly all that more let's do it
I'm so excited to meet my UAE babies so
it's just us for eating right us for
eating it's just us for ya know get the
hummus go get the homas come on oh yeah
she goes in for the dip she brings it up
and it's a flam dog I've never looked
more greasy in my whole life
opportunities it doesn't
what is your take on the road of today's
youth in Grand River social change if
you don't have a seat at the table in
today's day and age it is 100% your
responsibility to drag us into that
and make sure your voice is heard what
is your favorite video you've made on
your YouTube channel so far
mmm first you tell me your favorite
video types of paintings types of qiyama
thanks appearance my favorite video the
one that's meant the most to me there's
two of them one was with the rock and
the other was with Selena Gomez those
are two people I really really looked up
to and when I got to meet them it was
really really exciting for me just like
how this is very exciting for me meeting
you good and the new things in life one
of the things that was not good at
before
petition I said it wasn't a
confrontation we transgressed me I'll
keep you up at night until I just
learned that hit very often system uh
communicating this in straight lines oh
no two sips of water before I came here
but I tell you what if you choose me the
whole time I was bold thing right now
so my oven right now is so funky first
of all I will just hide on my hair like
this waiting for hairspray now should I
do a double one situation standby what
solution so basically I go dress the
custom-made dress with my initials but
I'm wearing it as like a blazer top I'm
wearing these beads which I'm decided on
I got these drop crotch pants and got
the silver shoes it's kind of like a
little bit of like a futuristic kind of
will conduct forever type of the type
not as good as what kind of forever but
like I kind of am into it think with
this mirrors I can to my hotel so I'm
freaky posing like this to like see the
vibe I get the vibe also Japan Apple is
impossible
what
that's happening shadows to everyone
that came to my being green I really
apologize that I couldn't spend so much
time with you and hug you in have the
full conversations there were so many
people and I want to make sure I met all
of you and had such a good time you're
so supportive you were so lovely and you
got me so much chocolate finish your
hectic meeting great poem without straw
we're going to a club in Dubai call
Dwight Evans before 8:00 to get today
I'll kill you
also I have to say team super og if
you're watching this gonna make it up to
you because I know you were supposed to
come backstage trust me when I say me
and the girls tried really hard there's
a lot of people oh very small amount of
time it's pretty disorganized and we
were just trying mr. everyone was safe
so I will make it up - I know you didn't
come get me to ignore anything I'll make
it up to Thomas
shut to white nightclub in the why we
had a such a great time we're headed to
the airport quick trip but amazing trip
let's see how we did today tomorrow bye
you
