Elena's coming up and because I got this
tweet my fortnight video and how I
created the costumes for my fortnight
videos we hustle harder productivity
lives here why that is gonna be a very
productive day that's a perfect balance
of schedule things and things I got to
work on in my own time the Drule join
along make yourself to do this let's
make today count here's the mission for
today you have a meeting with someone
you I just met didn't give me the points
pitch a show go to my inbox brainstorm
some ideas pitch show again write script
one rights group to also no big deal I'm
wearing the shoes who first time telling
McCartney Stan Smith's shout out for
sending these to camp I'll just finish
my meeting at the Walt Disney Company
not every time I say this I always like
hesitate because I'm like they're gonna
think of doing something I'm gonna have
to hear a lot of nose and have a lot of
meetings and do a bazillion things
before things get developed with unicorn
Island that's my boys that cost you
something every time I say oh I had a
minion Netflix I don't watch on Netflix
I mean maybe but it still didn't take a
long time for our stuff can get made but
I'm so in it to win it also gave me a
boy what's cookin good-lookin so I've
got a little bit of time before my next
pitch meeting and I am doing the thing
that I do every once in a while that
requires all 100% of my brain power
which is planning out video releases I
have planned all the way up until
December 1st which is a mission let me
show you this email looks like check
this out like I do like when we're
shooting right shooting when they're
gonna release and they're all coated by
letter because I don't have all the
video ideas yet but even with us idea I
need to know when I'm shooting it and
when it's releasing and then once I do
that - okay on the day it's releasing
what has happened is it Halloween is a
Christmas what is it and I gotta work
backwards basically because of all my
intent travels like look at this month
okay this is November all of the things
in pink I'm not gonna show you this last
one or travels I'm traveling more in
November than I'm not and that's crazy
because hello what's in December 12
collapse of God all my meetings for the
day give me the points and if something
really cool happened I tweeted me like
I'm kind of struggling with my girl off
campaign numbers which is fine because
you know even past the 11th I can send
some girls to school and tried to sell
as many as I can before the 11th girl
using braces by the way girl get it so
tweeted sounds of brands I work with
Olay being the first one being like yo
what do you think she was said some
girls in school and they responded being
like thinking about 250 adding to the
list of reasons I love Olay thank you
let's see who else we can get Oh
finished writing my rent first world
problem report the worst thing that
could happen in the world is I realize
in my ranch room the lights are not here
they're all the way goddamn downstairs
put away ok it's really hard to set up
the lights myself there's so many part
that takes so much ups up and down gotta
go out here stupid thing open this
stupid thanks to but it get out of here
gotta go in here or it's stupid lights
weird guy dad you of course of course
this is broken of course
ok I need to be smart with my time right
now so I'm making the executive decision
the rent is rain I'm gonna shoot it
tomorrow before my shoot when the light
is out and I can use the natural light
because setting up these lights right
now it's not the most efficient thing
for me to do with my very limited time I
have tonight an issue like this like is
gonna give me a heart attack I can't do
this oh just finish writing my first
script it is midnight my call time
tomorrow is changed to later so I might
wake up tomorrow and do the second
script as for right now I tweeted out
say give me some video ideas yo what do
you want to see and there were so many
good ideas so thank you so much for but
I did get a tweet that was quite
interesting I thought I could address
that right now and it'd be a fun little
vlog segment people are asking cuz I
guess halloween is coming up oh my god
two birds one stone halloween is coming
up and because i got this tweet my
fortnight video and how i created the
costumes for my fortnight video and i
realized i never thoroughly explains if
you don't know what I'm talking about
cutest
I'm an important video that I really
liked and other people didn't because
I'm not a boy but I thought I would tell
you how I made these costumes in case
for Halloween you wanna dress up as a
character from port and I also put the
links in the description because most of
this was from Amazon and DIY Amazon
times DIY math up first my outfit was
really simple this one right here the
one I wore army pants a army green tank
top dog tags which I already had
wristband which you can buy really
affordable Amazon black gloves now these
gloves are like motorcycle really cheap
a motorcycle gloves the gun is a water
gun that I painted as close as I could
to the guns in the game where if you
google it you'll see stuff like this and
you can try to mimic some of the guns in
the game now these update all the time
do some research more fun stuff that was
very basic right Jason bunny
whatever scary thing over here this one
was really fun to make it is a bunny
onesie that I got off Amazon the blue
strap is a luggage strap like for a
suitcase and for like a duffel bag so I
just bought an individual strap to put
it around his chest the Easter eggs are
plastic you know those plastic breakable
Easter eggs and I painted them the exact
colors of the Easter eggs on the guy's
costume so if you mimic what I did it's
exactly the specific type of paint or
you probably have to like first coat it
in white because it is plastic if you
use like an oil-based paint it won't
work so make sure you get the right
paint to do that the mask same thing was
a basic white mask that I painted the
exact colors as the game pretty easy
peasy lemon squeezy this one was my
favorite the like skydiver or where like
Pilate whatever the F I don't know I'm
not from this one was all the pants I
gotta famines also simple gray cargo
pants the jacket I actually love it's in
my closet right now is a pilot's jacket
this was one of the more expensive items
but still not like ridiculously
expensive the gloves are
gardening gloves yellow gardening gloves
the strap around his chest is actually
an ammo strap so people like you know
just ammo for like a BB gun or something
they have those straps now the challenge
was how do I make a look like there's
bullets in there I didn't Bible it what
I did was I took double-a batteries I
wrapped them in red duct tape and then
so when you have the red duct tape
covered battery with a little knob with
the battery sticking out it looks like a
bullet so you stuff those into the strap
the yellow mass is just a ski mask a
really super cheap ski mask off Amazon
headphones the most basic headset I
could find literally I don't care if it
worked or not obviously just super super
cheap got a backpack stuffed it so look
for and I got a mini shovel from Home
Depot this one is definitely one more
expensive costumes I did for the video
but definitely looks the best now for
all of these characters I also put a leg
brace on them this one this is just like
a body shield type of like motorcycle or
like any type of other extreme sports
skateboard or whatever the hell I know
it from Oakland it's for golf but is
this leg shield I got two of them
switching them up with different
characters this definitely helped sell a
lot of the outfits cuz it went over
every pan was adjustable to every size
another thing I did for every character
which I thought was really realistic was
this thing now in the game if you're
familiar with Fortnight you all have
this like pad on the wrist that they
check the math on this is a lot pressure
monitor that I bought just so there
could be a screen on my wrist it
honestly was pretty cheap probably
doesn't check your blood pressure very
well but excellent for the fortnight
cosplay for a lot of the characters I
also gave them a little side pouch in
the game they have these like ammo
pouches that they keep a lot of things
they're super affordable loops on to any
belt so any belt that you have the thing
with belts also as I got a few of these
extra little straps right here because
in the game they don't really have one
belt they have like layers of belts and
they just look really a lot going on
extra straps will boil up good stroke
will go a long way if you want to dress
up like this valley weena like I said
I'll put all these things in description
I hope that was helpful if you want to
just us anyone from for tonight I'm tell
you from experience it's actually pretty
affordable off Amazon
a little bit of DIY especially under the
scarfs they wear that's just fabric that
I cut yeah just your hair a little bit
you know walk with a little bit of tool
but other than that it's super doable so
I thought that was helpful that is my
official guide to DIY
a very own board night costume you'd be
surprised what you can di why with a
little creativity every time I'm trying
to make a costume for video and I don't
want to spend a lot of money I literally
walk around my house and like what looks
like that thing and that's how I
discovered like the battery bows and all
that stuff thank outside-the-box you
especially for Halloween yo get creative
fire working hard or hardly working
there buddy does somebody want belly
rubs there's somebody want belly really
judge mommy yeah oh yes Oh oh yeah oh
yeah oh oh my god yes mommy please
really well Oh believe of the mummy
please please I'm sorry I can't control
my voice when I talk to him ready to boy
to boy you sure sweetie before I end
this vlog I want to ask something of you
in the comments below and on Twitter I
want you to challenge me to do things
anything if you want me to do it don't
even mention spider so save yourself
some time but I won't use the hashtag yo
Lilly and then challenge me to do the
weirdest craziest things you can think
of and I'm gonna see how many I can do
in a future vlog segment comment tweet
oh what's that well I oh yeah what's
that gonna be here you know your Lily
drink 8 glasses of water your Lily make
types of fan accounts part to you Lily
go to the doctor challenge you Lily get
your blood camera to focus challenge
shut your blood babe mouth right now
let's hold it
that's all marled on so don't stop the
excitement don't stop but my nose still
runs done nose running goes Wow
you
