harder productivity lives you look at my
pants they're so cool I am at the office
just finished a meeting give me the
point I got a stacked day my sickness is
back my sniffles won't go away but guess
what I'm about to do go to the doctor
it's part of the mission which is how
the meeting did it your you gave me two
points don't double up go to the doctor
have another meeting have drinks with a
writer have a styling appointment go
through my inbox oh wait hold on release
my Barbra jeans video look super sexy oh
okay I'm in my car guess where I'm going
the doctors why because I got into an
accident need to check about myself but
most importantly because there's a
hashtag on Twitter and this is why I
love all of you I love how much you care
about me the hashtag is if Lily doesn't
go to the doctor I'm gonna read some of
my favorites if Lily doesn't go to the
doctor she's not allowed to turn up the
temperature ever again Lily doesn't go
to the doctor your vlog camera will
never autofocus on your face again okay
let's realize never gonna happen
regardless Lily doesn't go to the doctor
every team super member will tag you in
an elimination post oh my god know if
you know anything about me on Instagram
I hate being tagged and those goddamn
vote which youtuber gets dropped it's
always me I always got dropped if Lily
doesn't go to the doctor you will have
to fly Air Canada while on your period
no Lily doesn't do the doctor she'll
have to make an ass super much like my
time now y'all just hoping for miracles
if Lily doesn't go the doctor I'm going
to delete her entire playlist of soca
music oh that's true if I don't go to
the backyard up backdoor whack
don't go to the doctor I won't be able
to back in black position it really
doesn't go to the doctor will demand
types of fan accounts part to 10 times
more intense than last time is that even
possible
if Lily doesn't go the doctor will make
you play with slime and put adjectives
in your titles crazy emotional she
nearly dies you know it's a funny I told
my team like when you released the vlog
with the car accident make sure it's not
click but make sure it's we got an axe
and not like I almost died someone died
on the hot none of that trash doesn't go
to the doctor she'll have to do nothing
but q and A's for the next six months
yeah
if Lily doesn't go the doctor she has to
update all her gadgets she presses
remind me later on oh my god literal
torture clay doesn't go to the doctor
your Mike for spice news isn't gonna
work for three weeks
speaking of which I know spice uses mare
in a hiatus it is coming back don't you
worry well let's go to the doctor
all right he just finished up at the
chiropractor he adjusted me took some
x-rays he says I have a little bit of
leg ligament damage there's nothing
major should be fine give me some
therapy everything should be good to go
I'm gonna be sore for the next couple of
days but no major damage something
glorious has happened I finished all my
meetings for the day actually I
self-released maybe I'd have one more
meeting but my drinks and my styling a
whole bunch of things got canceled make
it so happy even though I want to
accomplish those things like free time
that I'm gonna fill with more work how
exciting also recently when I was in New
York I did a secret shoot that I
couldn't tell you about but today I can
tell you about it I haven't even seen
this by the way and as per usual one of
you has found it and tweeted it to me no
Mike this is out but check this out
cover of Cosmo India and it is like this
cool edition where there's actually
three covers so I'm on one rupee Gore's
on one priyanka chopra is on the third
one it's like a sisterhood Edition I
want to show you that all my vision
board originally was being on the cover
of Cosmo hello India my god
can the internet take a joke we gonna
find out momentarily because Barbie
dreams parity is coming the SunShot
shout it out it's out its out its out
about two super 60 come from any fandoms
comfort me I got permission from all the
people in this video but come for me I'm
so excited for this video I still sound
sick and some of the lines for example
you need enough you can hear I'm sick my
boys right throw but it's all good okay
it's been two hours and I released the
video everyone's loving gate it turns
out people can't take a joke thus far
see how things pan out and we're just a
little bit back home I booked myself a
massage and some meetings got cancels
and so help my neck and back a little
bit my neck not bad okay a really fun
and exciting vlog for today so so far
I'm gonna try to make Scarborough do
ASMR are you ready bum
hey thoroughly enjoyable for me he's so
cute he's like so scared of Mike is like
what is this thing with any guy used to
be such a little sweet boy good job
buddy
good job there's nothing left in there
getting a massage because my
chiropractor not my chiropractor the
chiropractor said I could and it would
help with some of the soreness or doing
that good my masseuse brought me from
Thailand coke with coffee
all right you promise not to bite the
masseuses feet do you promise
Scarborough do you promise oh god bless
that man I'm gonna do a little more work
before I go to bed I gotta check out
some samples or some secret things and
send some secret emails so stand back
everybody knows will not go away she's
leaking out of my body bro I just went
through my inbox give me the point and
I'm gonna end the vlog here and I wake
up super early tomorrow for meeting and
I tell tomorrow where hopefully the
booger stop what the Hustle keeps going
you
