losing luggage landed back in LA which
means the hustle is gonna start right
now but first can I get a grilled cheese
boat just cheese in it nothing else I'm
gonna get with fries and a coke Zero
thank you all right thank you
well this pimple come from I don't get
it is my girl she's ready
I got a call and I write scrip I gotta
do some writing
cuz that unplug my ears I'm so happy to
be back the sun is shining the weather
is sweet Bernie I do it is goddamn pill
but I go what's up Willie with one else
good break break break break
are you ready for this oh my god ok so I
ordered this cuz I was like obsessed
with Super Nintendo growing up is their
new console not in AD mother-effing not
and Adam just that high comes with
pre-loaded games all welcome to our new
break time I got a gift from Charlize
I'll open that see what that's about
Oh Hannah what her book sending me her
book she's dope I got Jason seagulls
what got some Calvin Klein's oh yes also
how cute is my bed look damn hashtag
basic whole pumpkin spice latte see what
Charlie sent me looks fancy is how
Charlie's you know you're balling when
chairs
oh snap it is champagne gummy bears and
candies so you couldn't get a cavity
while getting lit you know me so well go
back down other day I went to their
office like yo I want some diffuser type
la bougie mother-effing ish and Sarah's
like it's like $200 and I'm like hell no
miss Charlene was I like it cost like 10
dollars on Amazon I just mentioned it
and look I have a freaking diffuser
where lavender sense will not go into
the sense it's bougie but it's also $10
so it's like low budget I think it's $10
I don't know what is this okay I best be
$10 but thank you just I'm the best
people in my life I swear to God
running a business is hard but finish
both my calls glue the points now I'm
gonna take all much-needed shower after
this light and then get to work yes Luna
bocce
I look like a mother effin train ran
over me and the train was carrying ten
walruses that all had diarrhea
so fresh is so clean clean showers to
Calvin for the loungewear no I'm saying
and be underwear you know I'm saying
these sports Raj just seek who are you
expecting someone else left stupids my
blood challenge so today I'm decided to
do something that I see a lot of other
creators doing and I just can't even
fathom what this is going to be like
because you're all just insane wonderful
beautiful genius creature I'm going to
react to a compilation video that you
lovely people have created let's jump
right into it this first one is called
superwoman funny moments and I'm
surprised the videos even four minutes
and 32 seconds because it should be zero
I'm not a funny person I'm just weird of
people laugh at me oh damn the
post-production hold comfortable what's
that I movies
oh god no a hundred years ago all the
come so skinnies oh yeah that tank job
doesn't fit my legs still bumper ducks
will come to the communal snapback here
I remember recognizing that night and
gonna need some help okay that wasn't
even planned I remember this I hit my
head room even once I'm adorable though
I will say but I'm not funny oh goodness
gracious you should know I hate watching
what's up also oh damn what they had all
these grassy going down it not sure is a
real shirt my dad owned all power study
for tests by the way that unicorn adding
to ship to say new merge might happen
soon
you're not pink beats by the way on the
table I don't know where to darken this
is funny okay I remember this I remember
this is what it is like I like this
yeah go get that booty in the shot come
on now okay I can't watch this
I don't I don't think I'm funny ain't no
Indies jokes are on a context you know I
can't even see what the premise was okay
I'm here when you focus because he's on
the grill to do this by the way okay
I know intro know deep down 5,000 you
hold me want admit okay part two here we
go
when someone or an ice cream cone and
they put Kyle's head on the Queen Queen
you can't even get on my level and you
need to watch the rest of this Kyle
you get destroyed oh I feel so good
about myself right now
that's the key kids when you don't feel
good make fun about the deal I'll get it
I start at the key that's not the key or
the law or the door shut up okay next
one oh god this is super omen and d-trix
kissing and collab you know what you all
mean can't tell you what y'all need look
at me look at me right now y'all need a
hobby and I appreciate that the hobby is
watching my videos just make sure you
out here clicking the ads drink oh god
you're gonna make sauce Benjamin to a
music and ish J's that's crying oh god
this is the very first video in just
kissing it when he's on like we need to
bowl 360 with the light oh and I think I
surprised him cameras
okay okay oh okay okay let me just say
I'm so grateful that y'all go to
watching my videos or making compilation
videos that's a lot of work so thank you
so much for doing that there's some more
that I didn't watch comment them down
below I don't know if you can comment
exactly how did YouTube work I don't
know but let me know and that was me
reacting to stop and if you like me
reacting to stop let me know what else
to react to okay bye yo you should know
for that segment I bounced this light
off the roof you know why cuz I'm a
filmmaker Don I keep it lit dawg that's
why let everybody know Sam what's good
okay
I'm not even quality Connie's bounce
bounce dawg I make it bounce I make out
booty bounce hey your mother and your
daughter and your sister and your
brother and your grandfather I make
their booty bounce
what do I do I make it bounce I you know
what's that stay right there that sounds
bounce Oh hold on family he didn't even
know hold on
Oh yo check it out um yep uh-huh
yo you know I don't think I made myself
clear what I did with that light so let
me just clarify right now can I walk
fuck XO XO des mo Beach that's me Jake
beat Brett Jenny so please be what I do
ain't never been done
Ohio was where I'm from her her what a
sadness oh dude okay we don't wonder
from the dates of the night right what
do you think was a young man you know
what the bounce hit the road jack two
points I also my tongue is probably
1,700 different colors I'm sleepy so
decorative pillow baye baye baye baye
baye
you served your purpose during the
daytime but now it's nighttime and you
should be flowing onto the floor like
every other decorative pillow you're I
did so much work to stop I did so many
emails I wrote my script give me got
points I have that feeling you know he
just doesn't want to work in you walk
away like you I hadn't even BS that I
did that did that just I did a with blue
biro we emailed let's see how we did
today
God is stuck with Lily so I have decided
what everyone can watch Channel we're
just sued I know soon so many soon soon
I say sued I am gonna get rid of trying
to talk I know all y'all commenting
below being like no we love toys like I
don't enjoy toilet talk that's the truth
of the matter and I think you'll prefer
the lungs no toilet talk as well because
it slowly in here
I just wanna pop you know I mean and
it's sometimes if I sleep I to get up
and come sit on the toilet I don't even
have to take a leak I snack because the
obligation just Nana
so enjoy the last few toilet talks huh
get up ah you plain wall to women I'm
gonna miss you but y'all enjoy my kid
tomorrow the house continues and
hopefully my ears I'm London's I never
keep yelling I think I hear myself y'all
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe also
in case you didn't hear Australia voted
for love today and voted for same-sex
marriage Australia Australians a big up
yourself love always wins you're done or
don't you ever forget it Aussie Aussie
Aussie Oh
