okay so everyone's okay we just got into
a major car accident productivity lives
I missed you did you miss me come in
call your phone no you're falling the
camera is breaking everything's
happening I have been mi-8 because I
have taken sick days can you believe it
me me
moi taking sick days of the past two
days I have been just horizontal again
methyl I did a shoot and I did a few
meetings but whatever tried to be as
horizontal as I possibly could because I
was sick and miraculously the universe
canceled a lot of my meetings without me
having to do it so I've had a pretty
relaxing two days today I'm still most
sickest you can hear my voice but I did
manages to three meetings I'm kind of
done for the day set for the mission
find something to wear
drive far away go to a wedding tell you
where yeah but I'm headed to a wedding
my friend's wedding this weekend of
course I'm super mother from last minute
and I was like yeah I'll just like pack
something nice whatever like a blaze or
something agree the invite ball gowns
I'm like what to the who now so we got
to find a ball gown in this house I feel
like I should have one but it might be
when I was skinny we'll have to see in
other news look what Sarah got me for my
birthday it's super cool I've been
wanting this for a while it is my book
cover in all the various languages it is
in if you didn't know this how to be a
boss is in various languages a few are
missing from this frame if you didn't
know now you know
is this a gown is this a gown is this a
gown is this okay oh wait this is a gown
yeah
I went to my closet and found these
options what two of them are Lengai
which is like India nope it's what about
my people no difference I don't know I
found one it's kind of big on the chest
I don't know where it's from I think
sandy gave to me a long time ago I have
no idea in my closet it sag a little
bigs but I think if I like stuff my bra
will be fine I don't know to alter and
I'm like shocked that something is too
big for my chest because my breasticles
is a little thing I take pride in mmm
we're gonna fit right out okay so I
tried these outfits my boobs are too big
for one outfit and too small for the
other so I am that like annoying middle
size I love the way I'm it's fine we're
gonna go with the blue outfit Packer
star forty pack we gotta unpack gun dad
you got you chewing on Doug the pugs
face I haven't been doing anything like
unpacking I've just been eating this
popcorn I wanted to say
yesterday my sick day I do something
very very productive I had an amazingly
cute photo shoot with Scarborough so he
don't yet follow him on Instagram scarf
with a dog you're gonna want to because
I captured some gems me me I'm a moron
I'm so bad at geography it's like
shocking to me how about it this whole
time like this weddings like an hour
always like an hour and a half and it's
three hours away
I just GPS and they're like um are you
stupid it's three hours away so now I'm
like holy crap that's like that's a road
trip in front let's do this uber Philly
oh yes they don't know we're going but
we're going to a wedding they don't know
which wedding but we're going to a
wedding that we both thought was an
arrow it was much further it's like
three hours away favorite part of
tonight so far we texted each other at
the same time and she said we should get
snacks and I was like I got ya literally
soul mates but we don't we're not soul
mates about this AC I'm right I'm being
judged for my snacks that goes white
you're headed up any we have the movie
theater buck oh great when you can find
it soon as you take the bag is like
she's gonna hate myself you know watch
her pups we getting better you know
they're good they're good
I'm just trash I'm gonna buy like
nineteen dog rivers oh we okay fine if I
don't want to go in background I would
have made different plans okay well
probably this is why you're a better
person but I'll probably I'm just
stealing yours which makes me an oxide
and I support that
okay so everyone's okay we just got into
a major car accident not my not her
fault I almost saw major car accident
like we're actually below
I was sitting right there so I'm gonna
feel this tomorrow but essentially a car
turned hit a car in front of us we just
barely made it and the car ran spun and
rammed into us the avoided car whines so
now we're blocking three lanes on the
freeway right now and it's like intense
it's like means air front of it is gone
not that one the other one
I think we could still drive to the
wedding like I'm so grateful for my life
right now though because I was sitting
there this is your new car I'm sorry
that my mother I finish up dude I saw
that part come for me my seatbelt saved
me from like going through the goddamn
when she wasa ass
Oh finally mates my hotel my neck and
back our Jesus Christ want to feel this
tomorrow I'll be shocked if I can get
out of bed tomorrow
Julie I am so effing shook right now
like I first of all let me just also
just I would never vlog something like
this in the history of my vlogs you know
I don't blog crap like this
this is what happens you all would
happen actually from the beginning would
happen cuz I need to like get this out
of my system and process for myself
we're driving on the highway highways
driving and we see a car in front of us
so we're driving like this okay and this
card that's oncoming traffic is trying
to like go to this little street over
here right in front of a car in front of
us they just like this and I'm like I
don't know why I don't fit was a lapse
of judgment I don't know if they lost I
don't know what happened but the car in
front of us went headfirst into this car
now Lindsey god bless her instincts
swerves to the left okay and we see the
accident happened and we're like Frank
so we swerve the car that made the turn
spins and smashes into us and it's
smashed into the passenger side which is
where I was so I literally saw this car
heading right for us and smashed them I
just don't remember anything and then I
like my senses another yo are you okay
shake I'm okay I'm like I'm okay my door
was jammed I couldn't get out of the car
and I'd to like climb off from her side
again I'm like yo please make sure
everyone's okay so we went to the gym
like are you guys okay is everyone okay
the other two cars completely told like
completely totaled the car that got hit
head-on he was stuck in the car broke
his legs and to cut off his car door
there was a fire trucks and just
everything and then I'm like telling him
like yo should we take pictures I miss
in Canada this is what we don't know how
insurance works here I was like what if
these people deny making that turn so
then I picked up my vlog cameras like
your word document this and took
pictures of where every car was and
that's why I picked up the vlog camera
so I just want to sit I was not being
like look we got an accent F that that
is not the priority in that situation
but I want to get the footage just in
case I needed to be like yo no insurance
people or whoever else this is what
happened everyone's okay but we need to
make sure like I don't Lindsey to be at
fault or accountable person that was not
her fault
so Frank I am like shook I am shook I'm
gonna see that car coming towards me
over and over again if that car was
slightly more one-way and didn't hit the
wheel and hit the door I would not be
standing here right now for sure I would
either be like broken arm broken ribs
broken leg or worse like I just think I
need to like call my mom right now
just be like it's just life is so
fragile based off one person turning we
could have died people could have died
holy crap I've never had an experience
like that in my entire life I love you I
just wanted to say like I love you
something so small could have turned
into something so big today I love you
thank you for supporting me I need to
tell everyone I love them right now I
truly feel like I just saw my life flash
before my eyes and a mother up and shook
and like I also gotta say though the cop
that helped us was so legit he made sure
we're super commies like don't worry
catch your breath everything is fine she
was just so incredibly helpful that's
how all cops should be he handled the
situation perfectly I've been in
collisions before when like I was
driving I was freaked out I was the
passionate receipt so I felt like I was
a little more collected I was like no no
first things first
everything's okay I was like I don't hug
Lyndsey to him like eff the car the car
does not matter if everyone's car is
everyone okay like that is a private if
everyone's okay then it's fine like that
all this other crap doesn't matter but
the cop was just so like everything is
fine
anyway are you okay - nothing he was
just like so good so so good this is
gonna take me off use mother-effing
seconds I've just literally been sitting
here in this chair doing nothing just
sitting here the body hurts so so much
but that's okay could be way worse you
definitely got to go to like a doctor a
chiropractor because I'm sure some sort
of whiplash situation happen I just keep
like replaying in my brain that we're on
a highway it was going very fast on the
highway I saw the car coming right
towards me I'm just like I was gonna
have like a cute vlog sangwich
everything all of that I'm ending this
vlog by saying dude today we did
something as simple as drive to a
friend's wedding and solely based on a
car turning at the wrong time it could
have gone very differently and very
wrong and I know we always hear about
these things and we never take them
seriously because we're like oh that's
not me and it's like that different
circumstance I'm not but like no it
could actually happen at any time I
don't want to scare am I saying we
should live in fear am i saying I'm just
like in that moment as soon as I was
like are you okay I was like had I have
just like died right there how many
things would I have been like oh I wish
I had said this I wish I had done this
and I wish I was just happy with this
one thing about myself I just like I
just it's just not worth it it's like
not worth it I just I don't know I just
got in the car I was like holy crap like
no it's not worth it like live your
lives say the things you want to say
forgive people like all the things you
want to do do them because at any moment
something as simple as someone
turning at the wrong time and that's it
holy crap I feel like I don't know this
is gonna add with me for a while but I
truly feel like I'm going through like a
near-death experience crisis right now
in my brain fairly because I'm Chuck and
I'm just texting Lindsay right now and
she's like yeah I'm Chuck thank God we
were together everyone's okay one of the
guys hands two broken legs so it could
be much worse also the person has two
broken legs was not the person that was
turning you could do nothing wrong
that's just the way the world is please
do the things you want to do achieve the
dreams you want to achieve tell the
people you love you love them live your
truth be happy with yourself life is way
too fragile I'm not doing anything else
in the vlog today because it wouldn't be
authentic I'm sorry if this was
traumatic to watch that's not my goal at
all I just take you on what experience I
don't want to dramatize this in any way
it was friggin scary and that's all
let's see how we did today John tomorrow
we're at this wedding and I'd be very
surprised if I get out of that bed
because my body is gonna be mother
hasn't broken but I don't mean to
dramatize this also I know that the
title of this vlog is probably gonna be
something to do with this and the thumb
doulas I did nothing else today please
don't take this as me I don't support
dramatizing these types of things I'm
not gonna make it like NSYNC or a Sikh
I'm not gonna do any of that I just want
to make it very clear something like
that happen your priority should not be
vlogging and I'm telling you that right
now mine was not neither should yours if
you know everyone's okay and no one's
hurting and you want to be like yo
that's but please do not take this as
like oh so I'm going to action let's
like when I'm with people and they see
something happening and they start
vlogging it and sort of helping first
that is not okay not think that is okay
and that is not okay
you
