- dramatic music productivity lives here
it is Saturday and this is going to be a
weekend vlog right
Scarborough just come up the stairs but
why don't you just come up the stairs
why don't you just come up the stairs to
me that's all that's all you have to do
and that weekend long few days you go
through my inbox finds it benefits me go
to my uncle's surprise party they have a
really fun vlog segment for you and then
we gotta fly back to LA all that going
up the stairs only winded me and I can't
speak English so I know a lot have you
been tweeting me and commenting me Lily
you're in Toronto you're in Toronto
right
aren't you internal Trento you going to
the doctor's so that's what happened let
me tell you what happened I called
nothing she called her rheumatologist
friend she's a doctor a specialist I
need to go to and there's a two-month
way the only one that was available was
a two-hour drive from where I lived she
also made the valid point of being like
why do you want to go with the doctor so
by the in Toronto coz if they need to
follow up have you come in again what
you gonna do so I'm finding
rheumatologist in LA but I'm taking
active steps towards figuring out what's
wrong with my body so basically Health
Group my inbox right now is not to you
because I haven't checked it in like two
days and this is live footage of my
inbox
and we need to deal with it right now
come sit on my lap my mom thinks she
doesn't look good coming coming you look
beautiful you don't run your minions
letter well mom has the funniest story
ever
so yesterday for my birthday and by the
way they got all of my favorite things
and one of my favorite desserts is creme
brulee I love crème brulée it was that
many party that I was like oh my god
okay so I bought the frozen creme brulee
and then when I was trying to read it
okay how it's gonna work like how you
defrost and all this thing so it says
after defrosting so you sprinkle at a
small packs of sugar you sprinkle those
packs and then with the torch make the
sugar little bit brown like just few
seconds with the torch I thought this
India then what a torch means is it's
nationally that's what the common Indian
so I asked someone okay I figured that
they saying with the torch you be like a
Google how you have to do it right so it
says you the torch you do it you can do
with the lighter and you can I say no
okay so we can do with the torch so I
have someone I said I have a small
flashlight right you're gonna have a he
jump offense so I'm upstairs I might
ride but that's not to ruin any
surprises I'm like in my room good but I
hear my cousin entering minute a I
brought the flashlight I'm like what the
hell is happening so they brought the
flashlight and they were teasing my mom
be like yeah yeah you can use the
flashlight to do it no then they told me
no it's not that it's not it actually
flame come on that's a Oh convincing my
momma flame comes out of the flashlight
no so there's no serious a torch but the
name come out I said oh I don't know why
further tort is just a light to see in
the dark it's not others a flashlight
long story short 30 cent mom the user
lighter they made the creme brulees but
my mom thought she was gonna make the
crème brûlées with flashlights you so
cute on me just take it to work okay
you're right yeah a flashlight I don't
know uh I really bad allergies fear know
like Scarborough my randomly alerted
shoe today on this one day I'm trying to
see what to wear to my uncle's a
surprise party which is today I didn't
want to buy no people any event you have
those you're buying you sued because you
can't wear the same you know for twice
it's like not
you know I'm just like that's not
economically sound here's the thing
though all these apples are really old
and I'm like fatter so we're gonna say
between this one and this one both funky
both in the same family have these funky
patterns i person like this one better
my mom quit when I got you voted before
everybody saw I'm like I don't care I
Hey
all right yeah so it's gonna be one of
these two whichever one fits me better
your mom did you want to make more creme
brulee so since the getting so dressed
up anyways after there's a really fun
vlog saying what today would be trying
on my sister's wedding outfit this
outfit she wore when she actually at the
wedding ceremony she was kind enough to
let me borrow it is right here and she
gave me all her jewelry to someone do my
makeup and then you're gonna see what I
would look like I was about to get
married let's do it also mommy better
bask in this because I said closest you
won't get James Charles tutorial we're
gonna take this Optimus Prime 2 X 4 y
equals MX plus B brush and we're gonna
use our sunset raspberry Golden plum
shadow Oh brown kids living at home
don't gotta pay no rent B so they can
save up their money buy expensive things
like fancy well my face is all beat on
my check the messages my ex sent me you
said you miss me I said don't be so baby
y'all know the realty though every time
talk about my ex I'm actually not
talking about anyone in particular I'm
just talking about all exes in general
every time you guys are talking about a
person that's exactly what you talk
about if you're actually wrong oh no by
that moment you realize you didn't pack
no eyeliner no eyeshadow brush so you
don't look for a real simple wedding day
look first we got a change
okay so there's still a lot more to do
because everyone knows I had one well
all I knew people know that jewelry
especially a new way to do what makes it
my mom's that help explain what all the
jewelry is the first pin this mom so I
have a little bit of shape using a hair
pin because we don't want to put holes
in this suit yeah yeah thank you yeah
it's good
put my hair in a braid like my sister
did but I believe my sister had a put on
B when she got married which is like a
decorative thing you braid into your
hair I don't have one here I'm trying to
mimic as best as I can
here's the jewelry
so we don't actually remember what
jewelry Chino Wars we're gonna check
quickly no the one I'm wearing right now
is evening j/k actually turns out all
the jewelry I put on was wrong so
starting over take two
that hurts some of these outfits can
weigh like 40 to 50 pounds this one's
not that bad but this shawl part which
is the journey that's where it gets
really heavy so heavy mum okay the
answer just there's a whole profession
for someone to come and set this shawl
on you that you hire someone to do it
okay this the last piece is called
deleted interesting this is poses are
going first to dramatic music
so uncomfortable like how do people
comfortably sit there for so long
getting married like this is so heavy
and there's so much stuff happening hear
me but I'm having to it the closest
you're gonna get to me getting weird
enjoy this moment why do you close this
yeah no no we already saw from so far
I've been a bride many times action for
modeling stuff buddy
how do you think I look fantastic okay
Lily you're naturally so pretty you know
you shouldn't do a big wedding so I can
do butchie's Nancy got here okay so my
conclusion is it feels fabulous but it's
all very uncomfortable like I'm getting
cotton things this hurts like a mother
effort we're gonna change and actually
get ready for the event
okay Scarborough is with uncle Humby
cousin go home bees babysitting we are
ready to go the vibes this is what my
hair salt used to be in high school by
the way here in the clip so it looks
short every day of my high school career
it hurts like hell pop into advils barn
inside to give my uncle surprise party
let's do it I'd also like to point out
my mom got us here so early that they're
sending up the sound system so not mom
Buster Posey always oh my decoration
prep is happening right here
my surprise happened the champagne five
bottle service popping kidding
back in the day we used upon eyeballs
but however has so many kids so this new
type of bottle service
back home it was really awesome see all
the family partying up with them but
admittedly towards the end like all I
could think about wasn't attached I was
just like say Arjun posted about how we
married which of course his friends know
but I know they never publicly talked
about it I'm just like Frank to get
married in February
losing people's heart regardless but
that's like such a tragic thing to have
just gotten married and then she passes
away like that's I can't know I keep
thinking about her but humble said it
right also he'll means like the best way
to honor people that are not here
anymore is to make the most of the time
that you do still have here so huh it
was really great to spend time with
family super awesome no she got me this
really dope notebook common nema out of
a lot of the gifts I'd gotten for my
birthday is hey this is not for Superman
this is for Lily and so you feel really
special like this notebook supposed to
be like hey I know for Superman for you
aren't all the time anytime Lily wants
to turn off and write something in it
use this and it's really sweet
I'm going to bed I'll see you tomorrow
hey I just woke up just to tell you that
yesterday at the party action two glass
of water so hunka don't you like home so
cocky about two glass of water I'm like
thank you oh good that's it's just it's
just two glasses all I'll feel did you
have a good time in Toronto bombs huge
mum you ready to go on a plane
no mummy the whole play now you just
like first shaking cuz I think you like
uncomfortable that's fine and then he
like falls asleep it's fine but he's
always so concerned about the beverage
cart you know the like the drinks card
there he's always Maya like that drinks
card coming yeah I'm not guys no he's so
concerned about the drinks cart I'm
giving my mom and dad each an Apple
watch right now I'm gonna try to teach
them how to use it
God be with me my mom is actually quite
technologically savvy actually all
packed up ready to go I feel like it's
gonna be a minute before I come back
here to Toronto might be Christmas is
the next time so it's like a pretty long
stretch I'm kind of feeling a little
sentimental about it see boy are you
ready you've been sleeping all day
you're gonna be going so active on the
plane aren't you shut up and rub my
belly okay
you ready to go home he made ago I'm
about to get so much work done on this
flight I'm gonna read some scripts i'ma
write a script write some lyrics I'm
gonna the whole thing what are you gonna
do finally home and my uber driver
literally ate my brain alive so I don't
know how my brain is functioning because
he ate it alive developments guess
what's back the carpet now that young
boy's potty training the carpet is back
there's also a thousand dead flies in my
house
so things that I look it up also also
also also I had a bottle of water on the
plane so Cowboys another one your girl
is tired it's hot here that series all
the way upstairs my head is hurting a
lot of you happening i man the vlog here
let's see how we did quell tomorrow or
when you're watching this right now aka
today it is super Monday new videos
coming on and don't forget if you
haven't got yourself or a freaky already
a million people keep treating me beam
let there's no international shipping
there is international shipping you have
to change the settings on the website I
wish I could tattoo this on my forehead
you have to go to the website and change
the settings international or Canada or
us and then international shipping its
unlock so grab yourself a girl of a few
your necklace goal of calm is the
website until October 11th is the
campaign we're trying to reach the goal
of 16,000 100,000 and we still got a
long way to go
you
