we hustle harder productivity lives here
and look at Mike you sure did thank you
what does it say I like I like unicorns
before it was cool yes that's that is
true I did in fact do that I just came
home from my laser appointment I didn't
vlog it because you don't need to see
that but your girl is fearless
oh here's the bitch for today you said a
few emails go to my inbox but honestly I
think I'm gonna have a party all that
hard let's do it also I feel like I
should get all the bonus points cuz I
already do something so productive check
out this video I made a Scarborough
holla at your girl Yash Raj Films my
boys Bollywood audition tape but it
could get ugly
Tintin typical number the leave didn't
have something like to let you so sleepy
all the time okay I had to Jakarta PR
decide Jenna I should I also be in the
fine yeah extra good cuz I've said
everything bagel with cream cheese and
cucumbers and have another tip donut
from Timmy's cuz I didn't have the maple
tip nether village it by yo Tim Horton's
you're done no this is not gonna be more
than 30 seconds cuz this is not about me
and I wish I didn't have to keep making
segments in my vlogs I don't have to but
I wish I didn't learn about news that I
had to make segments in my vlog talking
about young people that I know that are
no longer here but it is what it is I
just saw on Instagram that Natasha who
you might have known a few of my vlogs
she came to my UK show she was a part of
arjun artist team she was a file open
jumpy girl if you know who arjun artist
is she was part of his team and they
were very close and she was like super
young and she was a doctor and she
passed away and i am like i have a lot
of unread messages from her honestly
that's what it is I went to my whatsapp
and have a lot of unread messages from
her and I scrolled up and every time I
take so long to reply and then I'd be
like I'm so sorry I'm bad at texting but
like I'm so sorry
and she never cared she was so
supportive I'm scrolling through her
messages and hey girl I got your book
hey girl I brought a girl of Rafiki
superfan mascara just checked it out
it's still got junior lipstick just so
supportive and I just don't understand
like I believe in God's plan but I just
don't understand how someone that young
there's not gonna be long that this is
not about me
you know Arjun artist is respect his
privacy but please pray for him pray for
his family pray for Natasha's family
send energy and light their way and just
appreciate people today because I have
unread messages that I probably would
have applied to being like so sort of
being bad at texting but she's not gonna
see that
so tell people you appreciate them today
that's all the thing I've just been
sitting here honestly I just one last
thing I don't want to make this about me
I say these things in the vlog because I
want to extract some sort of lesson out
of
and I wanted to remind us how fragile
life is but this is not about me
please don't come below being like I'm
so sorry and this no because there's
other people who had need that more but
please right now pause the blog and go
hug someone or talk to someone that you
really appreciate and love because truly
anything can happen and I learned this
over and over every day and then
something happens and then you get used
to life all over again and something
happened you're used to level no we need
to not get used to life like things
happen every single day
I'm gonna go hug my parents and then I'm
going to appreciate every single bit of
effort that can I can hear them blowing
up balloons right now I'm gonna
appreciate every bit of efforts people
coming here to spend time with me
because friggin that matters like
people's energy and effort matters
please go hug someone please go hug
someone I know I know I know it's the
first time you've seen outfit it's
pretty sick right so I'm just in the
process of doing makeup all the yelling
and screaming maybe the kids are here by
the way it has been established that
something is happening for me but I'm
not allowed to go into the basement so
I'm like hiding my blog over to my
sister Sam ice my sister mombasa 3 she
can take all the vlogs and I need a
camera record buddy I have the exact
same exact thing ever okay you know
what's up over singing yeah you have to
make sure it's on autofocus so sex okay
take okay bye so we're here behind the
scenes you know how Lilly is she did
want to do anything she was like oh you
know I'm good you celebrated her
birthday every year and it's like her
30th and she's like oh you know it's my
I'm not gonna do anything so I took the
liberty of getting a little set up and
when I say I took the liberty it's that
I hired people to take the liberty to do
a bit it set up
so this is it I'm pretty happy with the
setup it's cute we're gonna have all of
our friends here I've got some balloons
that have to go outside now it's really
really windy and it might rain so I
don't what's gonna happen with that a
bunch of her friends will be here we'll
have our family here and then we're just
gonna cut a nice cake down here and
stuff and I hope she'd appreciate it and
it's a little bit fancy but I think a
lot of people are coming in there PJ so
it's gonna even everything right out you
know and I also have something set up so
they can make s'mores you don't really
love s'mores there's a fire pit in the
yard now if it doesn't rain they'll also
get to roast s'mores I just thought
those was really cute what do you guys
think I'm sup I don't know what it is I
can't get my eyebrows e but this one
looks great this one I can't I can't get
my I also having got my rosin in yours I
just them myself like
professionally done yours I just
Scarborough are these your best friends
yes do my best friends he pulled your
hair
Scarborough be nice be nice so did you
know was my birthday a few days ago yeah
how old did I turn okay what about you
what do you think Wow
close very close I'm not gonna tell you
how old I turned like because you're
gonna be so shocked I turned are you
ready 300 wha hey Dad
nice shirt thank you where do you get
your style from Tom Lilly Singh Kham oh
my god y'all ready for this big surprise
that I just got damn I got the Rick's
good eat truck Rick where you at oh my
god done mechanic you mad mechanics
y'all I got it just started up you could
just like suddenly like what I know you
just made their day too
real one y'all know me so well oh well
damn you all behind the scenes the
production found some at Oh cements a
whole situation whole situation now I'm
gonna be over there
my brother in love the one that you guys
think is always humble has this thing
where he likes to spell my name wrong
purpose look what he does it decide I
don't even have to ask I know it was you
were sleeping while you were sleeping a
professional obviously yeah a higher
professional there you go first time for
everything
happy birthday
happy birthday dear Lily me too we gave
me the okay I love you if you don't know
this already you me the girl of refugees
and the necklace is that girl Lancome
and all the proceeds go to our sending
girls to school and Kenya Ecuador if yes
you should do it for the girl but also
cake khazana creations cuz I'm a
creation MSU thank you so much as more
fabulous than anything I've ever had in
my turn yeah I don't know how they did
it I don't know how they did it
it means a lot to me that you're my mom
my dad and my sister
there's so much time in doing such lines
above and beyond things I love you guys
got to come here
oh my god I'm so tired of signing that
late everyone here so all we got tired
at 12 o'clock bye thank you a family and
friends for a fantastic part thank you
mom
you're the best mom in the whole world
you have fun yes I had so much fun as
for right now I'm gonna end the vlog I
don't know how much I vlog today firts
enough not but I'm so tired
literally I'm just excited oh I'm so
tired
until tomorrow where is it Monday
tomorrow
it's Saturday just kidding okay bye
you
