oh I'm hot and bothered right now I just
watched fifth Harmony's music video for
he liked that and I'm just like good
morning Real Talk
those girls are so I just tasted I know
a lot of reaction I'll be watching music
video doesn't calm dog after all sis
wait this night I've seen it good
morning good afternoon good evening the
time 5:30 p.m. I woke up a couple hours
ago and we start shooting today I leave
my house at 9 p.m. so it's gonna be an
all-night shoot and my schedules gonna
completely flip upside down it is all
good because I'm gonna be as productive
as I can be before we leave to go shoot
Fahrenheit 451 here's the mission for
today's new trip writing female release
my super Thursday video glue super 60
shoot the Fahrenheit 451 and whole bunch
of other secret things I can tell you
about move out of the way now aside from
all of that I want to be productive
sometimes it's hard because I'm like oh
I'm not at my desk with my post-its and
this ideal scenario and I'm telling
myself today shocked the app bah it's
fine whatever scenario I'm in today is
gonna be a productive but because we
actively sick dog channel right now
where we hustle hard every day yo can i
give you a boss pro tip and i've got a
lot of people don't talk about this
enough but i'm gonna talk too cuz you
know i keep it real so when you want to
get someone's number i'm talking
anywhere i'm not talking like you're
trying to talk to someone you like i'm
liking anyone like I need to to get this
person's number to ask them stuff they
were freshmen to collab with somebody's
persons number I never just message one
of their friends be like yo can you give
me solos number because I understand
that puts the other person in an awkward
scenario so instead what I do is that
message to person and say hey can you
please ask so-and-so
if I can have their number thus there's
no awkwardness of like oh I can't give
you their number because like I didn't
ask them but it'll be about and
understand that people can't just give
you people's numbers you need to be like
can you ask this person if you can give
me their number that's how about does it
don't be basic don't be brand new right
that right you don't even know what I'm
talking about but you support me I
appreciate that welcome to this episode
of my real parents react I'm just
kidding but I'm cute someone jeez are my
real brands but these imposters are
to react to my Instagram pictures which
do you follow management yes I do
your have Instagram so if this may be
your first time you see when these
pictures inside picture number one are
you ready wow that's cute
thank you you're gonna meet this girl
when I know so cute that's such a
natural pick you okay
very nice good number two key is the
lighting and I don't know if you have
wood if you flex that all the fat pushes
them really pop the picture there can
they do that
you might Armstrong me oh this is wrong
Indian McNamee no The Hollywood Reporter
it's a Hollywood yeah it one of the
magazine or something yeah I know I seen
like my out there yeah I'm very
impressed over this one very impressive
such a natural pink you I'm thinking
solo deep I don't know I don't know what
I should be doing me I think that's very
very kind natural very beautiful
everything is natural people yes I like
wicked a little Indian girl all the kids
it is natural that it's natural but this
one here is this one is more like okay
why did you force them to do he's shy
guy and you know God I have extra money
for that Robbie said this but I'm a job
- oh my god yeah right he's look like it
war a guy for Kyle oh that's nice that's
nice this is the family party
yeah I know and this is a big thing what
is going on we took pictures myself
that's a positive look good with your
glasses the toothpick and all that they
are thank you this is me drinking in my
hot tub yeah I know I miss that well we
don't have a lot you tell me you're
welcome anytime
what you doing this picture of me no
it's not a Celina go man yeah yeah
thanks he would take the picture man I
can see that well that means you in the
right direction so this is from one of
my videos who's that Dietrich it's funny
it's from one of my videos where we had
to take pictures for his problem yeah
like that so you know cut you can tell
he's ready to cry that March on Monday
come on Martin Monty I don't want
secretaries-general
in all the best apparently love could
all by the way that's nice too that's
why you know first time when I see them
on it I didn't realize this year but
what would you mean yeah and then let me
see this journalist asked herself
that's good one no no that one yeah
that's nice my mom was there with me
because I asked that's true remember
Archie Comics used to read back in a
show called Riverdale he plays Archie
Wow yeah that was great
I think very really hard you know was
impressed okay so what do you think of
all my Instagram is it good it's really
good I always enjoy it
and I know I think something no way
upset about it
no no it's good it's good I was like you
know all those little things you say
sometime I didn't know how to you book
like you can actually go there and see
what are we doing now all the recent
things and all that story stories my mom
instagrams yeah so I just figure it out
swipe and this is so sadly I don't have
Instagram so oh I don't have a Facebook
either Wow
we'll start a charity for you because I
don't want them to know what I do all
day
so you guys want them to know that's my
time for these things
yeah well you did you pass two hours I
was working upstairs you're watching my
videos in the comments because we didn't
come visiting the conference what people
said hello to him you should know my dad
reads all your comments okay poppy GI
sorry my birds are so hilarious they're
the best I love how my mom acts so shine
and the cab soon as I stop recording she
literally like just like beat the crap
outta me she's like trash but hey just
went through my inbox
give me the polling all right it's 9
p.m. let's go to work
so loud up in this joint I won't talk to
you for a few hours I'll see what I can
do I'm gonna miss you so much I would
you come with me but you can't wait to
come to my pocket that was my armpit I'm
so sorry but to be fair you also kind of
touched my boobs oh do you know what I
just did hit her I just did not only I
clear my Inbox give me the points but I
also went back into my starred section
you know my stored section all those
emails you ignore should like I'll come
back to this I'll come back I went back
to them and I answered all of them give
me some bonus points I don't give me
like 500 bonus points that is a mission
and a half I was an angel obsessed
obsessed with Fermi today I'm obsessed I
will get all right the time is 6 a.m.
let's head home I am NOT gonna watch my
makeup off yet because I have to go
shoot something real quick when I get
home so like how 7:40 a.m. I just got
too much shots I had to shoot something
real quick and send a few emails I'm
gonna wash my face and go to bed let's
see how it
thank you for all the love of my new
video but shutterbug it's not so glad
y'all liked it it appreciate you haven't
checked it out yet the links in the
descriptions that DIY parody as I
mentioned and I frickin adore tomorrow
when you watch this today is actually my
last day shooting Fahrenheit 451 so what
the actual until then if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
what's crack-a-lackin' if you're new
here hi my name is Lilly this is my
second vlog channel where I daily vlog
and also harder every day last fall
guard over there main channel right over
there
main channel where I do scripted comedy
in case you don't know in case you're
living under a rock and in case you are
living under a rock then I'm GLS I've
made that joke before but that's okay
because there's less expectations of the
world channel alright
