Wow wait whoa what the hell is in the
nose here a Productivity lives here
hustle harder what up sweater reference
ill-lit I don't even care what
collection says still yeah it is this
Thursday's video too here's the pitch
for today's you please my video GU super
sixty go through my inbox work on a
script enjoy time with my families all
that's gonna be bonus I'm not sure
what's gonna happen today but I know can
be an inspiring grateful productive day
are you wait to be productive with me
make your own to-do list follow along
let's get these boys together this young
boy keeps crying because he tried to
cook the stairs and he slipped just a
little bit now he's scared of the stairs
you can do it buddy I know you can do it
okay oh my goodness listen to me young
boy okay when there's an obstacle you
face it okay
you're a boss aren't you aren't you is
that your amazing salad don't smell why
is it your amazing style mom has a
self-proclaimed
amazing salad you just called the
amazing salad why is this not the
amazing salad because it's not all the
new what's missing like what cucumbers
tomatoes can be Wow as you can see me my
mom both don't change clothes like
mother like daughter
scrubber you don't change your clothes
either just went through my inbox and
legit I feel like I'm sweaty if it
wasn't freezing cold her I would be
sweating it was such a mission to dig
myself out of my inbox but I always
forgot those emails I started I'm almost
through my inbox just to Scarborough in
the backyard to play when this boy runs
and I feel cuz there's so much Macy's
litter looks like a bunny like he turns
into a rabbit now I'm officially through
my inbox all the way I woke up this
morning and Gmail changed the layout to
the new thing and I was like oh I don't
believe in zodiac signs but libras don't
like change that's the one thing I do
believe in this I don't like change even
though I like stepping out of my comfort
zone and daily changes like that
changing what I eat did like the inbox
changing now just in case you are having
a stress day right now and you're
watching Sonya yo I'm so strapped in I
broke up with my boyfriend and
girlfriend I'm so stressed because I
gotta find my parents I'm so stressed
because I have this assignment started I
just want to say here's a little song I
wrote you might want to sing its notes
don't worry be happy also can we take a
moment to appreciate these flowers these
color-blocked flowers my mom is a full
full queen now you can eat it it's good
to be with the parents also every time I
eat I always see this just released my
new video doing super 60 right now I
gotta see this video I'm so proud
because the over-the-shoulder shots of
me and the other version of me are so
dope image it looks like there's two
people here's an example whoa no don't
let me hold that for you that's fine I
got it no really I can get it after you
it's no big deal go ahead I insist
I also insist now I'm gonna get this one
we're not even going that way look at
those shot it looks like two people I'm
just like what not everybody would trip
me out so I'm super super proud of them
no one's watching my video which is fine
because Shane released his and I support
that she is very smart he's a friend of
mine I think he deserves all the
attention he's getting I just want to
quickly point out that if we go here
it's clique lab now Shane's first part
got 12 million views in one day let's
see if it's here no no no uh-uh uh-uh
uh-uh it's very interesting not to take
anything away from anyone but like if
you look at these views like I just
don't understand all of these people
deserve credit they all work in Mensa
god I don't even know a lot of the
videos or people that I saw on this page
watching anything away from that but I'm
just saying why Shane's video not there
possibly because it's about Jay Paul and
maybe YouTube's not translate called the
training page I don't know this page
causes people so much anxiety I have
just learned to like not care my videos
never trend I'm like yeah but I'm not
like oh my god yet because I just don't
trust how things get on this page and I
think it's unhealthy for anyone to try
to aim to get on this page so if you're
a fellow creator or your new creating
you're trying guys we don't did why
isn't Jane Dawson they're just you know
I is home with my parents so you already
know something's gotta go down too
sacred why'd you say
OC let's talk about us
financials since you've been using my
phrase that I made it myself
it says all this gold but I'm Claudine
but that's - I'm still planning so
what's the financial part you've been
using that phrase for long thing I have
about the call it down you know how you
get paid yeah by having a fantastic
daughter okay can you be not already
paid okay we're recording James and how
many of my parents so once again react
to my Instagram pictures my my mom put
on lipstick everyone comment below
telling her she looks pretty
oh wait is it our king is coming with a
face kick or bad thing on your face just
says the corner but then it's gonna be
you know in your face okay today you're
gonna be once again reacting to my
Instagram pictures this is good every
already okay so today you're gonna be
acting two more of my Instagram pictures
number one ready yeah gas is on wow
you're very surprised living what you're
very surprised you look very surprised I
look surprised yeah what is this is this
something to eat yeah why you have let
your hand in your mouth it's a pause
next ready and wow you are exercised
working out I don't know I don't know
this is trying to read uc+ such a woman
no it captured for this was good enough
someone up ended up new browsers
pointing at the people looking yeah
there you go
and I don't have ADD I cut it at a
certain part so that it looks like okay
Wow wait whoa what the hell is in the
nose here in Asia and Middle East they
put that to the camels of the camel
listen to a bird value that's
they do do their bowls and animals and
camels that knows arrange so that it
moves where you want him to move okay I
didn't like then and I don't like no
okay okay so we're hanging up next
that's nice that is so nice it's kind of
beautiful South Africa
look how they happy their kid is and the
one standing behind you wanna be you
know even hurt
they're not happy here is a picture of
me hugging Kyle Kyle knows anything
yeah is this Kenya no this is all good
okay because I thought you have very
nice still but that proves your guts to
it you really soprano I think it's nice
no no no my daughter's beautiful there's
nothing wrong about it so here not very
nice okay they can't appreciate the
house like back about nothing along with
it not even worth it yeah I mean is very
you just saying no no what I mean is a
decent dressed
he's definitely just saying that I know
okay okay peanuts and not that glass see
that's a very nice gonna have a car dude
I got that a car sure when I get that
car ready and next Wow
this fidonet 451 yes I don't know his
name but that I did
I don't know he's naming Michael B
Jordan Michael hunter oh oh okay yeah
now I remember
they look familiar next I'm going to
show you a series of pictures from I
went on the Kimmel show okay this one
yeah I like the color okay I like
Scarborough in it paparazzi shots yeah
that's a very good shot this guy was no
small look this is the Nike shoes thank
you miss the next one
he's a surprise next now that's that's a
beautiful family victim Saturday's just
happen to be this we have one of the
people that know we didn't plan to wear
all this but then hustle Hara we happen
to be very everyone that guys we are
proud of what she do man she used to be
jumping on top of me all the time
Dada Dada Dada how many people had that
Bowl you know what I know is not
Instagram yet so many comments that I
get symbol and I'm sure we do next
that's that's nice picture nicely very
classy actually very classy I think okay
Wow yeah Skype EDI Iberia hello Siberia
who's this girl he's killing the game I
think it's 99 cents
yeah so my caption I said it was product
but as actually the 99 cent store and I
was teaching people how not to believe
everything there yes I know good
pictures vague
hey you already fooled me but thank you
for reacting comment below to see what
else what my real parents react to you
might even be better than when do you
can but him dude mostly I think we are
not better but much worse okay you know
how the universe works when I'm talking
of the universe works the longest time
that longest time like a week I've been
saying the phrase I choose happiness I
think I tweeted a while ago and just
like in my daily life and my decisions
I'm like you know I choose happiness I
choose happiness come home and I look at
this candle on my desk I caelum bro got
me a long time ago and I read it for the
first time and it says are you seeing
this that's the universe that right
there
that's the universe just finished
tweaking that script I was working on
them as I feel like I'm such a noob I'm
pretty good with computers but sometimes
I don't know how to do basic things like
I have a series of JPEGs and I'm like
how do I take these and convert these
into a PDF I don't have Adobe Acrobat so
I'm like ok what the hell is that Taylor
can you help me working hard or hardly
working there buddy yeah work you know -
oh yeah my meat that's good oh yeah yeah
yeah let me just lift my paw here so yes
listen boom what's cooking good looking
I just watched thor ragnarok with my
family cuz i'm a fail and i've never
seen it before it was pretty dope who's
Hemsworth though oh I'm gonna do a
little bit of work at 11 p.m. and I'm
gonna head to bed but first let's send
some emails you want to talk about brown
people problems got this shirt recently
literally have wondered a few times
you've seen in the vlogs you've seen you
saw when I got ok hey something got a
hardly stain ok Holly the ingredient
that is in Korea essentially and now
this day my mom's washed it it's never
coming out so now this shirt is ruined
right there right there right there
that's it all right be sure it's over
it's done if your brown kid you know
this how they never it's done over all
righty bye but you know what I regret
nothing cuz that Korea will delicious
let's see how we did today
stay tuned because I think today people
are throwing me a surprise party
you
