mom what did you say about the mangos
dad but well what did you say what the
mangos dad but welcome back listen close
we also harder product if he lives here
I am in Toronto I am not in focus now I
am and it is my happy birthday right
today is my birthday and first and
foremost I want to say right from when I
woke up actually even before that right
from 12 o'clock a.m. I've gotten a bunch
of birthday wishes from all of you from
all of my friends and all my family I
wanna say thank you so so much every
year for my birthday all of your tweets
and all of your messages and all your
little projects make me feel so so
special so thank you for wishing me I'm
having a pretty low-key chill day the
mission is happy birthday that is it
other than that I just want to eat some
food I want to chill and relax I slept
in we're gonna keep it low-key
and just enjoy being alive being I
officially launched my new girl love
campaign birthday campaign as I do the
right now girl love calm you can get the
Rafiki braces and the necklaces and the
proceeds go towards sending girls in
Kenya Ecuador in India to school you
want to grab those from today my
birthday September 26 to October 11
that's my campaign I'm trying to send as
many girls to school as possible so if
you have some spare monies can you go
the link is in the description go go go
go Oh sleepy birthday girl you know I
like doing birthday of year I like to
reflect the law I just wanted to walk my
backyard was scar road he was like
running around he loves the big space
live footage of him running around and I
just reflect like what did I accomplish
what do I want to accomplish what kind
of clarity do I want to have for the new
year things do I want to like release
myself of let go and get off my chest
and what things do I want to like move
forward with there's a lot of
self-reflection that goes down that's
what my day is gonna consist of mostly
so if this vlog is like low-key
that's why the parties in here parties
in here the mind is lit that's how you
know you're old it's my birthday I can
Epiphone to nap if I want to is it for
me yes Wow and they get to stay at your
house how lucky Jesus Christ you know
how does it feel that your daughter so
old though I feel bad for myself you
know you keep saying that I will never
celebrate my birthday ever
no you're young your
look at you you're young and thriving
look at you you throw my mom is more fit
than me and more in shape than me so a
little competition
what pretty flowers that see who they're
from
oh they're from Charlize Shelley's thank
you so much honestly I think as I've
gotten older I was saying this just last
night which by the way last night at 12
an OGG chase and humble came to my house
to surprise bumble bought McFlurry
chasin no she bought movie theater
popcorn like from the theater you know I
love and like some Smirnoff ices I'm a
teenage girl and we just celebrate now
just reflecting on my life just like yo
a lot of things have changed about me as
I've grown and one of them is that I
don't care about the quantity your
friends anymore I really care about the
quality people that like go out of their
way and leg do things I'm trying to
recognize those things the more like
even staying up till 12:00 to call her
wish sending me flowers it's really
sweet so thank you so much it means more
to me now than ever before in my life
thank you my mom and I have this thing
of writing messages on this whiteboard
it's been the same for so long and she
just wrote this today and you spelled my
name right of course oh my god right
first and here a happy bird a superwoman
so I said no oh yeah come home he's
gonna say well ah Scarborough you're
very flexible Wow you just took a bad
and he said you're clean boys you need a
super mom said she's trying to say is
that she doesn't like Lily more than
super like she likes me for Lily Anna no
my best friend so dad is your daughter's
birthday you have any messages for your
daughter yes what is the message the
message is hmm just remember you always
be my daughter mm-hmm I'll be you dad
mm-hmm and I'm one message I like to
tell you mm-hmm you are a role model for
me too
Oh millions of people are were there
mm-hmm make sure you keep up the good
work
oh one more thing you know all the
videos you made money yeah you owe me
some royal okay yeah all this gold but
I'm bloody now so one more thing you are
beautiful and stay beautiful Wow public
speaking of boy like mother like
daughter mom what did you say about the
mangoes dad but well what did you say
what
mangos dad but come on tell us what you
said what the mangoes that Montella
I don't want to know where I get my
dialogue for better with emojis like
bomb what did you tell us exactly what
happened okay so the mangoes are so hard
like raw butter so he asking me even
more men I said I still have enough the
pathology upon even Guillen the unit
what is that meaning this thing I shall
have a stone one stones like you that
what's crackin said so funny I know my
mom and my sister are planning something
for tomorrow because like I told my
friends from advance like you'll keep
Friday free I might do something that my
mom's like yo just act surprised
something happens like is this law love
like I didn't tell anyone things are
happening on Friday but like now
everyone attacks music yeah see you
tomorrow Mike it's so cute but I
honestly I'm just doing so grateful for
all the effort and energy people putting
towards me I'm just like sitting at home
sitting on my couch eating food watching
TV with my mom and it's everything I
want to do it more I don't want anything
beyond this I joined be wrong good
people good energy and my mom is the
epitome of that so I'm having a great
time there's many reasons to like my
father but the number one reason I like
my dad because he peels this annoying
fruit for me but I'm never gonna be on
pomegranates an odd in Punjab you
actually didn't know what was called
English for a long time so annoying but
it's my number one favorite fruit my dad
always peels it for me thanks dad you're
welcome happy birthday to you got
another delivery damn I'm just like
y'all rich friends rich friends that's
equal trouble it's a mother when my tea
my twin friend to our soul sister love
you until the end of time mother might
thank you damn know y'all spent lucky
Scarborough loves running in this
backyard also holy sunset Pink's can you
see them pinks and beauties and all the
things loves running in this backyard so
much right paint come on
good job buddy good boy okay okay not so
far not so far look at
this friend that came back again Wow I
missed you so much and I'm busting pizza
my favorite place in Toronto here are
not his - a dog I really took one so you
can't be the dog nose like my mom this
special day was recent what was the
special day let us know we celebrated
I'm just gonna see if I can find proof
of it okay we celebrated our two years
our three-year Facebook friendship
anniversary Wow yes I'll call the
connection 60 years and now I'm fine
anything yeah not everything about you
dad
is this your boots jump in the hottest
mixtape coming soon look at this going
for friend of the year right here two
times in one day sort of humbled you
didn't forgot mine today forget it was
too late
oh excuse my birthday is officially done
until Friday we're gonna see what people
got planned but yo I had a very chill
very relaxing a very low-key birthday
and like I don't feel any type of way
about it I'm like I feel rested I'll
watch some TV and it spends a lot of
great quality time with my mom which
isn't my favorite part also what the
hell is this that's it turns one year
older gets new pimple goddamn what he
did when you watch this right now a new
main channel videos gonna come out God
knows no one's gonna watch it because
Shane Dawson has a new goddamn series
and you know I don't blame you also
these bags wonder age hits
you
