oh oh us no we're just headed to the
u.s. welcome back live in Gaza we all
the heart of productivity lived here we
are walking on our way to the United
Nations General Assembly cannot drive
because so many of the roads are closed
there's security everywhere the city's
on like lockdown here is the mission for
today you pick not once or twice for the
UN General Assembly speak at a women
leaders event go to W me and be on a
panel hopefully also we're walking there
my shoes are way too small my toes are
like this and my shoes right now like
this it is so cold in color in my lip
gloss as a whole like oh we might am is
like a.m. they're probably their mind
like
okay straight up just the first time I
had like a legit conversation but she
has just the most charming sweet fine
beings ever
I am shook at this room
I know a lot of great importance is to
be losing today people are in waivers
but I want to say that this event is for
young people and don't want us to forget
that because this is the first time in
so long you - but you for front to
celebrate every this event is for last
is the use of use in the room and for
all of you watching at home because
there are we can make up 25 percent of
the world's population but we make up to
100 percent of the future and so
empowering us are the tools we need to
reach our full potential will never be a
waste if your young person to ever hold
on to all don't be shy come in today to
cheer if you're here to make a change on
the count of three one two three so we
are connected in this room we are
connected globally use that young people
twenty five percent
I did it we did it go team we're done
the UN General Assembly and now we're
had to go to some press and then I'm
gonna go to my hotel room for my little
one hour break and eat everything have
like a little bit more of a break I just
a just unwind it's really important for
me when I have a lot of like speeches
and things to do in a day that I have to
be alone for a little bit of time the
day just to be like we turn it off right
now but I am about to test out some
merch stuff that I had to approve I'm
not gonna tell you what it is but yo get
ready okay I'm going to say my outfit is
yesterday you all pretend like you
haven't seen it cuz we have to walk
everywhere because of all the road
closures and I think right now
specifically Donald Trump has a lot of
events going on - Security's on honey so
I have been walking in the hills for the
other aisle but my feet are dead I might
do this outfit again I put my hair in
like this ponytail with these braids and
it's kind of a except for that kind of
hi hey guess what lazy bum you're going
to the next two events also scar blows
new name not new name is Scarborough aka
young King why you ng the stacks that we
look at him right now
look at him yeah I'll just took a rush
rub right here I'm a young King speech
speech number two for the day and
looking shady to put me through three
you're right it's actually 3GS at the
moment the biggest digital star on the
planet very important because I arrived
ready for my speech thank you for those
of you that don't know who I am I am
also an actress a comedian and author no
big deal they also have fabulous hair
there's a long list of reasons as to why
you're so amazing but I think at the top
of that list is Desmond the fact that
you're all women who care about other
women and girls I complain when I have
to take a 20-minute bus ride do
University vividly remember this some of
these girls like well it's a 45-minute
walk canoe when I reflect back on my
school life I remember complaining about
a lot of things now you know having
opportunity to travel and is partnering
with a great organization should have
seen the stuff I realized that
wonderfully but my circumstances I
basically won the lottery with where I
was born and I really believe it
shouldn't be like that
education quality education shouldn't be
a lottery it should be accessible to
everyone the world would be a factually
better place if more young women were
educated in power that is scientific
fact I'm so glad that you've all come
together at such an important event
because it's a reminder of what our
priorities should be because we're in
this together
thank you all right it's my third event
for the day
for the only stretch family
I'm always tells me that she was so
scared to tell her in-laws that she had
another dog so I could she had my older
sister everyone's like oh that's okay
they try again when she had second that
it was me she those weeks after I was
born before she got the courage to call
her her and loves to be like oh yeah
that's another girl and no one was happy
about it so you girls spoke at the UN
twice and then she went to a women's
event that she did a pound W mean yeah
full day a full day and the only way to
celebrate we're using the laptop as a
sauce holder oh wow did you add anything
else to that cheese no I'm going back at
Toronto bye bye see you all in five days
bye five days you have such an amazing
80th birthday you deserve it and I hope
you have a really fun two weeks notice
oh what a jam-packed day also released a
video today stages are moving in with
your boyfriend just stacked a stack
stack stack stack stack bags I'll take
those bags I am right all right well
Ragman I'm gonna end the vlog here
tomorrow we are going back to Toronto
for a few days don't forget 26 which is
very very soon my Rafiki campaign does
lunch just reminding you just occasion
forgot that's right now let's see how we
did I got tomorrow
Judy continues and also this makeup
because me hello I am snack foamy Romeo
you
