one my buddy saw Brooke wheezing
tomorrow what's going on Pam good
morning good afternoon wherever you are
a good evening good brunch or whatever
that I hope you're having an amazing day
I actually woke up a few hours ago and
I've gotten a lot of work done since
I've woken up or gone through my email
and I ate and I took a shower and I did
that's pretty much it that's pretty much
it we're off to a good start
here's the mission for today we are
about to head downtown to go to crumbles
music video shoot because I'm making a
cameo in it then I gotta get some
Hospital pictures taken because I did
you get a new passport tomorrow morning
then I gotta come home and write to rap
song and then I got a record to rap
songs aside from all that I am not
putting anything else on my to-do list
because I always make a Jewess that's a
hundred things long today I don't feel
like doing that anything that happens in
addition to those things is bonus no
trying some bonus points my back really
hurts it's probably cuz I have 700 shots
yesterday but that shouldn't have
affected my back I don't know I just
loved work we're gonna head downtown now
Stuart my mom is like is this guy that's
me biting Kyle's ear mom you know I'll
be in LA doing that quality work making
that quality content I can make it
better you can make it better okay oh my
god yo what are we doing hums we are
shooting the music video what am I doing
here
you were being the sexy love interest oh
it is quite soft actually only I could
sing the same to you but not as soft as
mine Oh show you some stuff he's cutting
the game look who else is here
oh hey Derrick Pablo's here because we
have a shoot tomorrow you're a bit fuzzy
let's wait for you to focus as his
camera struggles um with white people
yes he said it squad is staying at my
house it's moussaka why don't we her
dad's an Olympian I don't want to tell
everyone who dad's an Olympian just
saying oh yeah oh oh a moussaka during
the race oh yeah we gotta get you guys a
race this time can we race like guys in
here come on
the truck please that's all please bet I
got money on the Saco dirt I love you
she'll beat me but I got no I got my
money on misako oh where don't you dig
definitely stepped out of my comfort
zone for this somebody's gonna be sick
it's gonna be high my boy humble
ride-or-die you know what's good now we
are heading back home before you that
though we're gonna go to a place
Shoppers Drug Mart to get Shoppers Drug
Mart I guess if you I don't know that is
there gonna be like a lot of water dog
mark I'm looking at my passport picture
take it and she's great cuz my hair
makeup is done I'm gonna show up like oh
just how I look all the time I gave my
passport picture with my crooked teeth
literally searched the world for a place
that was still open to my passport
picture finally in the depths of
Scarborough what up ser Boros family
thing I found a place my hood right here
is my hood finally got it I'm heading
back it's like nine ish son still oh
that's what I love about summer but I
need to go home and do these goddamn rap
songs so and eat some food my mom
probably made some delicious food
home-cooked food I'm telling you the
best part being home my mom sent me some
home-cooked food go gotta go gotta be
blessed individuals are about to taste
my mom's chicken barbeque chicken which
is the best chicken in the world the
only reason I come home mom and dad just
pulled through with the family dinner
mm-hmm then you Jack was coming to like
our window grocery shopping my mom and
dad are gonna watch but um jeez rap
video and I was like don't be mad at me
I'm touching booties and this is you're
gonna see a reaction right now this one
you so proud right that is like now the
time has come for me to write record to
rap songs I really don't want to is 11
p.m. I have to be up by 6:45 6:30 a.m.
though to do some three years and just
like blessings on blessings three year
old passports full have you got a new
one four pages because I don't know
pages my past four anymore mm-hmm so
that's my go-to tomorrow morning it's
why you can't stay up too late but I
need to do the two songs so let's get to
it when the struggle is too goddamn real
it is like 12:30 it's not going well I
can't think of anything
none of it would you lyrics are coming
to me right now and this is where
creativity on demand is super
problematic oh I don't know what to do
oh god no what time is it the time is
138 I'm gonna try to see if I can do
what I did for the bottom G the Rap
Tracks and I'm gonna sleep and wait
about five and see if I can do this so
be right back I'm gonna nap well that
was a wrap be right back gonna nap can I
do that no I can't do this okay
the time is 7:45 I leave in 15 minutes I
already pushed things late but I'm
pretty much done writing I am going to
go head to do my password stuff now and
record it at the YouTube space before we
start shootings I'm technically not
but I need to go and then I'll finish it
there also my days have now merged
together again I'm gonna end this here
let's see how we did today
uhh
that's good sale enjoy literally washing
the face and then start buying long it's
gonna happen I think today was not great
in terms of productivity I don't feel
like I finished all the things I
supposed to finish but it's okay
we're gonna make it happen make it work
I can tweet my schedule a little bit to
fix this
it'll happen if you want to check out my
new video in his bottom teeth being a
rapper and the links will be in
description showed some love with the
real heart now otherwise you enjoy your
life listen to me you enjoy your life
till tomorrow good if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe my
makeup on and then tomorrow I'm gonna
wake up with 700 since never be like how
how I'm a dumb person you wanna see
under subscribe to me subscribe to me
and leave me a comment below because I'm
a dumb person that does dumb things and
then complains about dumb things
