Love Wins today yesterday everyday good
morning I'm back in LA back of my house
feeling rejuvenated all about 10 a.m.
which is like the crack of dawn is that
how that phrase is used crack really
early for me and I'm feeling very just
good and refreshed and ready to work
very very hard we have a lot of things
to do today and you got a lot of things
to do today because today is important
we got to make today count here's the
mission for today
keep a healthy breakfast set up my new
lights that I just bought I'm so excited
to show you I got to finish my ask
Superman live notes like my prep notes
and also set up the actual set I got to
shoot us some live with Yusef finished
writing my script for my clap today
shoot the club today finished writing a
script for a shoot I have coming up in
age order props for it's like Mulva
healthy meals lots of water
good attitude positive energy it's gonna
be a mother effin ball link to turn turn
turn turn turn turn turn boy oh my god
my leg matching the wall
give me them points this is the best day
ever first dog ever entered my house by
the way man and who else is here second
dog to the first I'll use the Paz here
to ask to go in life and I don't think
you have any idea what's gonna happen
am I gonna regret call me a mean person
no that's why would you ask me that
question like is there anything you
don't even still even those cut the
because I still was like here I don't
want nothing to be scared you wanna bet
I was like nothing that I was like is
there anything you don't want me to ask
this even though it's cut the views I
would never want to make someone feel
uncomfortable the reason I said that
there wasn't anything because I knew
there isn't gonna be anything that's
been like wow did you just say that
bigger the deck wealthy
all right so I'm really excited for a
supermoon live Yusuf's downstairs it
came so early because it's only time you
had a ride so I'm like yeah chill my
house it's fine but I'm prepping and my
breath so went through all the stairs
basically I would get my talk show host
on and essentially he's on this journey
where he says yes to everything and he's
not holding on to possessions and
superficial things and he's trying to
just like be surrounded by loved ones
very cool journey but I've known you for
so long and our friendship has had a lot
of bumps I would say and this is just me
being like you know I want to learn the
real you like I want no BS don't tell me
no probably correct answers I swear know
me you and so have a series of questions
really honest like super honest book
relationships about clickbait about like
why he said and done certain things and
my goal here is not to make him feel
uncomfortable like I'm not trying to put
him on the spot to such a degree where
he feels like disrespected no I texted
him beforehand being like is there
anything you know what I mean I also
feel free to not answer a question but I
feel like if he wants to be honest I'm
the perfect person to talk to
well this is more than just about me
understanding his growth and trying to
poke holes in it because I feel like as
his friend I want to help you discover
the third layer of his tara misu and
sounds dirty but it's not I just he
pranked me made me feel uncomfortable
this is my version of doing it to him
but it's not a prank it's just gonna go
do you want to prank people you want to
do things it's my turn to ask you some
goddamn question at the end of it I
don't support the guy you know like he's
still my friend and I still care about
him and he's a nice guy and I'm gonna
pay him for every question I ask him so
that he can you know use that money on
his journey so what's gonna happen it's
gonna be enlightening and cringe so we
just wrapped it up I got your props to
use it because I literally when adding
and she was such a good sport but one
part of the live stream was us reading
fanfiction to each other I wonder we
enact that right now and you should know
like us reading them to each other like
this what are you my first introduction
of emphysema say I would read that of
course okay so you're you grab us I'm
gonna read my fanfiction to use of you
can turn towards you guys do what I do
like
you don't even have to close your eyes
but just imagine it as you're listening
it's fun just as I was about to pay
attention to the movie I felt Yusuf's
warm giant hand slide under my right
hand which was resting on his abs he
caressed the back of my hand with his
thumb I didn't bother to take my hand
away I couldn't help myself from slowly
lifting my head up to look at useless
chocolatey eyes misty black dark okay
that's when I realized my eyes had been
on his lips for a while now his eyes
travelled down my lips and also made me
realize that I had the side of my bottom
lip in between my teeth slightly biting
it he pressed his tongue to the seam of
my lips I slightly parted my lips to
give him the access we didn't care of
our surroundings as our tongue danced
and twirled together who were both on
cloud mother-effing 9 you biting your
finger yeah that's a good one feeling
his warm breath on my neck I couldn't
help but let out a slight boom is how
old that person who wrote that was
because that's gonna judge my country oh
my god instead of saying like her can I
change like her to your as if I was
reading it to you sure just so you guys
know I had my arms around your waist as
our hips moved in unison your back was
leaned against my chest as we both got
lost the beat of the music some Beyonce
song followed and the previous song you
and I instantly started grinding being
carelessly to the cadence of the music
my lust for you became stronger as I
tried to keep my composure it's been
like two minutes and you already had me
turned on just by your stance and the
way you were dancing against my crotch I
knew you were finally letting go and
finally letting yourself enjoy a little
and I was so at being happy
creative minds I'd say I have a bunch of
these to pick the right ones we do a
mother some of them just work online
today and read them some of that water
I'm concerned legs I was like yeah and I
said my whole team Wow yeah you're dirty
and nasty nasty today is making me sweat
there's so much to do just finished
writing my script for my collab it is
with Dietrich it is a part two to a
video we've done in the past
we're shooting 80% of it today because
there's one segment that I'm not prepped
for that's and takes so much prep you'll
see why we're gonna pick it up maybe
tomorrow the day after but now I gotta
do some eyeliner it's been 84 years
since I've logged so much has happened
half a videos been recorded this guy's
here I'm here
easier it's a fact and we've done some
funny and mildly inappropriate things
even right now we're standing really
close I don't know why where he's doing
my stuff we feel back this is taking way
longer
we're not even killing my video those
who are good I know but it's a good way
long very bad he's being so patient I
know he's gonna go home and be like yo
this mother effer
oh yeah behind your back yes yes I'm
saying break it to the car and then
thank you for Louise doing behind my
back oh yeah I appreciate that courtesy
I do a lot of that yes
where should this thing Derek's not you
light so now you're just playing around
with them and everything's gonna take 84
years longer because you should have
never bought these lights 10 years later
and we're still here no it's only been
like nine dogs messing everything up I'm
sorry you know I just I stutter and he
wants to redo take three ones keep
touching you insecure that's part number
I taught you okay do you have a girl if
you want to like take the best friend
said come from behind and graze that's
not what I do my added stuff that is
scare I like to be cut it is scary I
want to be creative and original ginyan
fine
your way you for it
I wish homies my brain is fried right
now I feel so drained with the acid when
live and the writing script in the
collab it still so goddamned rain I'm
really happy with that I suppose a live
one though hope you didn't think I was
too hard on Yusef I was not my intention
and I had to talk with him before the
livestream as well I really wanted to
play devil's advocate and be like yo
matter what you say I'm gonna try to
make you dig deeper and I want you to do
the same to me because I think that's
what friendships about growing and being
real with each other
I agree time with Dom you was so patient
as well and now I'm just kind of feeling
like doing some me stuff so I'm gonna
wash the dishes
that's my relaxing thing a bookcase
survival might assemble that happy with
my you know all that stuff to prove a
speech ourselves do a bunch of things
like you a little bit of time to just be
like turn off my brain and do some
mindless tasks like wash some dishes I'm
not gonna lie I had a moment where I
almost shut down just now and I was like
lie down like tears of exhaustion
overwhelmingness and I was just like
done so many things today I can't fathom
doing any more things with my inbox as
things are due so I'm gonna do then I'm
just gonna hustle because I knew these
couple days would be intense before I go
to Trinidad and I made happen you're not
complaining speaking of not complaining
or complaining when it's hilarious 101
things that pissed me off Rachel sent me
this book her new book and she's like yo
fare on a plane and you want to laughs
read my book I'm like I definitely will
because this is like the perfect read I
feel for what I'm just like I'm over
everything I'm more everything so thank
you Rachel for sending me that I'm gonna
get to work I made some food how to talk
to myself I'm like yo stop being so hard
on yourself take a deep breath and get
it done here we go let's get to work I
finished the two things that were due
now I need to just send some props to my
team and kind of script something for a
shoot I have not tomorrow but the day
after also got a new phone got the new
iPhone
someone hooked it up in Toronto it's got
a Apple watch which I'm very happy about
I'm gonna set up this stuff or my doing
tomorrow we'll see I'm so tired
no no no you know I need to get better
at remembering I have a TV here watched
it once
I always forget I always forget it's
there I'm just like I love to watch TV
from my bed
well I'm sleeping before I go to sleep
why don't I do that anyways I think we
mother-effing killed it today I think I
won next level today
today I was inhumane not inhuman and you
know what I was in Hulme I was not human
that's so much stuff I got done today
I'm so gonna do some stuff before I
sleep as well let's see how we mother
effing did
thank you for joining me like today
tomorrow and the day after the day after
all intense days as well I'm telling you
for Trinidad video you're by my side I'm
by your side we're gonna kill it when
you productive because you know why
whether you're lying down whether you're
arrests or whether you're being lazy
whether you're doing work the time is
still passing so what are you going to
do with your time I personally would
like to do productive things that are
gonna bring me closer to my goals and
allow me to live the life I love and
that's what I choose to do and let's do
it together and tell tomorrow if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe know if you missed the live
stream with you so you can watch it on
my main channel the link is in the
description it was intense and awesome
and wonderful and I had so much fun and
I can't wait for you to see this clabber
Dietrich's that'll come on in a little
bit on that last vlog last video click
all the things stay awhile stay awhile
