I usually pass out during presentations
welcome back loosen puzzle we also
harder productivity lives here I am back
in LA that's the tune of New York I
don't know I didn't tell it my going
going back back to New York I mean no
wait why the most productive Saturday
ever because tomorrow have a shoot on
Sunday which I do a bazillion things
before I leave again to Toronto and New
York it's a lot everything's a lot
here's the mission for today's shoot
spice news click order rent go through
my inbox send some very important emails
to videos tomorrow make sure I have four
scripts lined up and at some point I'm
gonna reveal your secrets all that wanna
do it is team still by mister I miss you
so much team super Sun my day is already
off to an annoying start about shoots
vice news realize there's not a single
memory card in my house so I went to go
pick some up it's okay we're not gonna
let this we're not gonna let this deter
our day not today Satan okay we have
greater resilience of but I'm definitely
gonna solve that mother from problem
today because we solve problems right
but yet we don't just complain let's go
back home instantly behind schedule but
you know what today nothing is gonna
annoy me without my permission because
my day is in my control oh we don't make
happy just finished shooting spice news
the spice is getting harder and harder
to do for the following reasons number
one it's hard to shoot in advance
because the news it talks about somewhat
current so I can't like bank a bunch of
spice news I can only shoot it here with
this cameras gotta be shot in 4k because
of a shot in 1080 you punch in four
times to make it like fit on the phone
the quality's really bad so I have to
shoot it off this camera I don't travel
with this camera top of that I need to
have my green screen which I can't chop
with either I stop with that I really
like spice use but it's you know IG TV
is not monetizable right now so every
piece of coin I spend on spice news it's
just gone it's not like it doesn't help
fund itself like YouTube does so I mean
all of this am still in a fortunate
position where I can do all this stuff
right now but this is my way of
shamelessly plugging saying if you want
to support spices very least you could
do is just watch it and oig TV is like
not that big of a thing yet and I'm in
discussions of like how this could be a
bigger thing but I really enjoy I think
it's a great platform I'm Ajith and
bottom to youth you haven't checked on
spice news we did a hold on the vlog and
pick you 7% y'all hadn't watched the
latest spice news and I was like my team
here is what happened last week is a
little clip in case you've never watched
it many kids are suffering from extreme
cases of boredom by spending hours and
hours in airport terminal
maajid has the full story how early
should you be at Airport before an
international flight this a question is
haunted parents since the beginning of
time but spice news finally has the
answer for you you should be at gate one
hour before boarding
you should be 40-minute to go to
security point the extra minute to argue
with a lady about a bag did you know
what the bloody hell's you say this a
60-pound no no lawyers tell buddy broken
this only 20 pound andis Archer 20
minute to go to custom if you are right
and 60 minute if you are brown one hour
in case of traffic and one hour to pack
luggage into car the final answer to
have only five hour before your flight
if you want to be on time or if you want
to be very safe 7 hours that comes out
pretty much
we can so you can check out spice news
if you want to I'm done shamelessly
promoting I'm done I'm done I'm done
or am i no I'm done spicy new spice news
watching watch watch watch long okay
what we got next Rance okay I finished
writing both my rants from Monday's
video and Thursday's video this is the
first one okay now I'm gonna take a
shower I'm gonna do my makeup and I'm a
record the good news is the light is
still out so I don't need to take these
lights upstairs to record which is like
honestly makes my day these lights are
so annoying to carry up and down because
these little legs right here bring your
scratching up my walls and hell no and
you scratch the walls bother me they
bother me because it's my house and I
don't wanna watch me scratch but also if
my parents ever visit I already know
that I was good to see you Neely stop
you the wall scratch over there do you
notice everything I'm not trying to have
that conversation look at this mother
look at this house of this is ooh ha
look at what happened to paint here huh
look look at this step you know my
disappeared because you eyes on phone
okay this might be gross for you so if
you don't like piercings
fast forward by realizing I haven't
changed my bellybutton ring so long this
was my old one boom and I found this one
in my drawer which is much more
sparkling news I will put in this one
this is my belly as you can see there's
some hair on it judge me but this is
what my belly button looks like and
that's the piercing I know it looks like
reddish buns been like that forever I'm
gonna show you put a bellybutton ring in
for those who they don't know if you
don't want to see this look away but you
literally just put it in like that when
I guide it a little bit my guide it a
little bit my guide it a little bit boom
that easy and then you take this little
thing I'm a barber you screw in the
little thing I'm a barber boom your
bellybutton ring is honest probably like
two years since I've changed that and I
think it looks pretty good also my belly
it blubbery
oh look at that well lit no need for
lights but let's do it and look that's
one rat done we gonna do number two done
my hair in a ponytail like some sort of
lady uh I'm only 20 minutes behind
schedule which is great the next thing
on my list scarbrow toys let me explain
this Scarborough is so patient when I do
work like sometimes he cries because
they pay attention to me but just now
when I shot spiced news and just now
when I shot the Randy doesn't bark or
anything you actually let's
beanies like I know mom's doing work so
I got him some toys allocated an hour
today dedicated just for him and I got
him some special toys we're gonna do
some training are you ready okay I have
two things the first one is not super
exciting but it's very functional tada
little stairs for Scarpa because here's
the deal if Scarborough's on my bed he's
too small to jump off or jump on like
I've tried to get him to jump on my bed
but my bed is super high and I just
don't think because he's so small he's
physically able to jump onto my bed he
is try god bless his soul so this is for
him to get on and off my bed in case I'm
up late he wants to go to bed organize
like poop in the mill the night or pee
the mill the night you can get off the
bed now and then hopefully come
downstairs
learn how to go through the doggie door
and go outside so i'ma teach him how to
use these today let's start with the
sofa you can do it you can do it good
job buddy good job come up here come up
here boom boom I do this good
can you come down come down good boy
buddy good boy all right we practice the
stairs you practice the door up next is
a toy a surprise for Scarborough for
when I'm working and he's bored so this
is a tennis ball launcher these are
small it's for indoor use and outdoor
use they can go to ten feet so I'm
guessing it'll launch right by the
window goal is to get this to launch and
teach Scarborough how to return the ball
here so can be launched again obviously
this is only to replace the times I'm
busy otherwise I play with him but let's
see
there's no what's happening okay I think
I figured it up okay
hold on do it do the thing okay
no reset okay great what the hell why
aren't you working you tried everything
to make this thing work it's supposed to
be the AC adapter or the battery but I
think they're confused I think you stuff
to charge the battery who the AC adapter
and then it's wireless once the
batteries charged we're gonna wait for
this to charge a little bit see if it
works I'm sorry buddy give me like one
hour wina see if it works okay okay I've
gone through the ins and outs of this
damn thing and I've come to conclusion
there's a piece inside that's broken
it's not pushing the ball forward so
what I've done is I've put on an angle
for now until I order a new one so that
it should work now come on really you
were just working you see it's clearly
malfunctioning cuz it works only
sometimes so never order another one
goddamn it help me an hour behind
schedule I just order another one I'm
gonna return this one it's fine whatever
I'm something else a school desk why
because you never stopped being a
student did I actually quite enjoy
moving this desk on different parts of
my ass specially on the patio I'm
getting some work done now we're writing
some scripts let's do it
oh snap just finish script one and
script 2 and I'm only 27 months behind
schedule I'm killing the game tell you
it's the school desk it's the school
desk lives I'm just like getting to work
zoning in I've already had such a
productive Saturday and I hope your day
is going well and productive as well let
me know comment below
it is Sunday we are about to shoot not
one but two videos look at everyone
we're gonna make a movie a movies gonna
be made everything's gonna happen
everyone's here everyone's excited boom
Brogan get something bosses of water
I've had you're right look at these
adorable little babies having their
lunch oh my goodness
one video down one more to go we are
being so fish and we're gonna finish
ahead of schedule which exactly what I
wanted so I can get some other work done
stomach is like hurting like I'm gonna
die period but it makes sense there's
not even close to the time my period I
just want to let you know that I'll keep
you posted
don't shoot in both the video
made a point very efficient shoot we
finish earlier the weasels finish that
was great now it's time to reveal no
secret a few days more my blog is a
comment below either from your account
or an anonymous account and I'm gonna
reveal your secrets obviously without
saying your name so make them funny make
himself here are your secrets good girl
I used to eat Mayo straight from the jar
for hours when I was younger are you not
supposed to do that you're asked mother
for weird but I'm glad it's off your
chest
I have no friggin clue what I want my
life to look like and that scares me so
much okay that's kind of that's that's
real cool or real honestly a lot of
people when they see me is like oh you
got your life so together you know I'm
like I know nothing I am John Smith I
usually pass out during presentations
like you mean like in the middle of the
presentations like I'm gonna be talking
about the soldiers and that's like
that's kind of amazing I have never had
a boyfriend even though I say I have I
made him up no sorry I can't come to
this meeting my boyfriend I have seems a
doctor where's my job my boyfriend hmm I
broke my mom's phone and blamed it on my
sister oh yeah dark when I was seven I
stole a bag of marshmallows and ate them
in my blood sugar honestly I relate if I
was gonna steal anything it would
definitely be food I could just imagine
myself sitting in the lunchroom like I'm
so comfy oh good I have nightmares about
ducks eating my rainbow sherbet sherbet
is a sherbet either way weird I carry
around a spider-man PEZ dispenser
everywhere I go Tanner is this you did
you write this copy my secret is
sometimes at school I'll write nice
things on sticky notes and stick them on
people no one knows it's me I spit on
you that's adorable I love that that's
good my secret is I'm pregnant with my
second baby so excited that's my secret
that you ain't gonna be able to hide for
long sometimes I hide my boogers
underneath my sister's pillow I have big
ones too you know
Steve you mother effin nasty sometimes I
pee in the shower because I'm too lazy
to get out everybody does that oh you
don't do that line after I watch a
horror movie I always watch a Barbie
movie to make me feel like Barbies
equally as scary that's me I have
exclusively key word exclusively broken
up with people over tanks honestly I get
I have not exclusively done that but I
get it I'm the worst at in-person
conversation of them oh yeah you know we
should married cracked under pressure
that's me yo these are so entertaining
we should definitely do this segment
more often I will do it again down the
line I hope you feel better about
getting those secrets off your chest I
got a young mother I feel weird and I
love date just so hurted postmates
stirone II the favorite Italian
restaurant and the guys like I like your
pants and I'm like thanks they're from
Ecuador he's like Oh from Ecuador and I
was like yo such a pleasant experience
whoring myself some soul food I'm in
that situation again where I can't
grocery shop because I'm leaving on
Tuesday and all the food will go bad so
I have to keep ordering food so sad also
today is Sunday I feel like Mondays I've
been working all day but like it's still
the weekend you ho okay finish writing
script want I have to write one more for
tomorrow shoot but my mind is fried so
I'm gonna take a break and watch some
budget because Bojack horseman is back
like hi family
i'ma go to bed a lot of work happen this
weekend and today when your washes
through the super Monday so new videos
coming off the hustle doll stop let's
see how we did
it tells the miles any let's fucking
kisses
you
