whoo I woke up like this and that did my
makeup and hair and change my clothes
and brush my teeth how are you today
pause how are you doing
think about it have you thought about I
didn't want today how are you doing you
probably asked everyone else that
question but you are you feeling happy
you're feeling productive I feeling your
optimal self if not let's fix that let's
change it right now it's not too late to
change your day your game I'm feeling
great I hope you're feeling great here's
what the game plan for today is gonna be
a very productive day and gonna be
things I haven't done for a really long
time so that's why I'm dressed up like a
professional the mission for today is I
have to wake up and I have to do a call
with my PR company didi it's done I have
one two three four meetings that I have
today back to back to back meetings four
so it's gonna be a lot of being on and
being present and paying attention for
long periods of time how does that me
come home I do want to do some house
things I do want to clean my office a
little bit hopefully get time to do that
close call my writing room a little bit
trying to decorate a bit more and then
this evening I have fun my friends
coming over you'll see who in a little
bit aside from all that I'm trying it
all the bonus plans today figure out
efficiently what I need to work on in
any spare time I had because one of the
shoots ahead for tomorrow got canceled
so a little more free time
that doesn't mean free time that means
great what can I catch your button work
why's that I haven't been able to do so
that's what is today it's gonna be a
wonderful day together you and I me and
you are you ready let's do it just
finished one of my meetings it was at my
house now I'm heading out a damn tripod
just broke and I've been struggling with
it for five minutes trying to figure it
out and I'm sweating and I'm frustrated
so I'm just gonna throw it aside for is
not gonna not let it ruin my vibe or
heading to our second meeting let's go
no I'm really big on problem-solving and
eliminating stress right and a
see-through backpack so I'll never have
to search for something in my bag I know
exactly where everything is boom
second meeting done I'm heading to a
third and fourth meeting I'm running so
late like hour an hour late because all
my meetings are running long but we
won't get it done
real talk I just had another meeting
came home when my meetings got cancelled
because a major curveball got thrown
into my world and my universe and the
world of superwoman in the career of
Lilly Singh which I'm not gonna get to
too much detail about because legalities
secret things whatever trash is not the
details don't matter but I've gotten
better you know I used to be really bad
at this back in the day time still not
the best on it when I get upset or
annoyed or angry like I used to be very
responsive right away and be like let me
just respond right away out of anger and
I've gone I've tried it really better
like controlling my emotion and have
like for lack of better term a poker
face or like at least a face where like
I don't show too much of what I'm
feeling and before you think I'm trying
to be a robot that's not the case like
when I'm in meetings sometimes it's
important for people not to know what
you're always thinking because you gotta
be professional and yeah I'm a
businesswoman I'm a business owner at
the end of the day and I'm not trying to
wear my emotions on my sleeve and so bow
tip life is gonna continuously throw you
curveballs that's never gonna go away
but you should never act out of instinct
and emotion you should always try to
control that it's gonna be impossible to
do it all the time I guess I'm trying to
get at is that this meeting and I got
bad news and I was like all right well
I'm gonna connect with you on this
tomorrow
once I've slept and once I can process
it because if I can't I don't want to
say something and so that's what I think
I think I was thinking about on the
drive home and I was like my how
successful you get and no matter how
comfortable you feel in life to have a
meaningful and challenging life you're
gonna keep getting pushed out of your
comfort zone and you're having to deal
with challenges and life is all about
just adapting and adjusting and dealing
with the challenges they're thrown at us
and that's never ever gonna go away so
it's a realization I had on my drive
home which was doesn't matter how
successful someone gets challenges are
inevitable
we'll always happen and so with that in
mind you should view them as challenges
not as like complete roadblocks or a bad
life that's just the way it is
but now I've rambled on and we're gonna
go inside and we're gonna get some work
done so the curve balls common
curveballs go and that's okay I decided
that today in my free evening the
friends are supposed to come over
actually cancelled they were busy with
some stuff which is fine I actually
don't get mad when people cancel on me
because I know how it is in LA fellow
creators all have stuff to do and
they're also busy so I completely
understand respect actually for the best
cuz I've had a little bit of emotional
turmoil so it's good I'm gonna commit
this evening to cleaning the office and
the office closet which I've been saying
I'm gonna do for like a week and I
haven't done yet that's what I'm doing
tonight I'm committing to it it's gonna
be so remedial and so calming and that
this is a before situation she can tell
kind of not great this in here it's not
a great situation things aren't really
organized that well we gonna fix all
this tada
Oh what the hell right no cardboard
cutouts why damn you know don't make it
seem like I didn't do anything
yay so you got organization labels here
solarz lenses boom boom boom boom great
crazy person I'm gonna be honest there's
41 emails in my inbox and I don't want
to check any of them like I really just
don't want to check any of them I'm
right now making it to-do list and I'm
sending some emails to people I work
with but otherwise like it's 1:00 a.m. I
cleaned the entire office of clean the
entire closet had three meetings to it
and I'm just gonna cut myself some slack
today because of that curveball I got
thrown into my life right now I think
that's okay I think I'm gonna do that I
think I can do that some days it's fine
that right right right right right right
right okay something to happen that just
totally made my day it's so much better
so I'm watching Hailee Steinfeld's new
easy video - most girls and it's like a
great song I love it so much it's
basically about how when guys are like
oh you're not like most girls and she's
like you know most girls are sick most
girls are awesome like I want to be like
most girls that's so we can I'm like
vibe me I listen to it all day there's
like to the scroll through the comments
and one of the top comments underneath
the music video with 1665 likes is
superwoman vibes here hashtag
girl oh I didn't even associate the song
enough that just like a random comment
I've seen that makes me so happy because
if I want to be known for anything it
would be something like that that is so
wonderful and awesome corn to that music
video Hailee Steinfeld easy to come up
with most girls show it some love it is
such a goddamn good song Hey before I
sleep I need this win today as you know
this broke and I can't figure all day
trying to fix it what I think happened
is that the piece that goes on this is
stuck in there and I need to like knock
it back into place I try to take out
fires does that happen so we're gonna
just see what happens right now what if
I like do this all right let's see the
Mentos pretend I'm super what is that
I'm going to bed I couldn't fix it I'm
going to bed no I feel about feeling god
damn mother Ephram tripod order another
one it's fine it's just today's not my
day but it's okay you know why I do the
today's not my day someone else will be
praying for this day I have right now
yeah yeah in a more I'm aware Oh me okay
no ignore that ignore that focus on this
I'm just the queen of getting bruised
right so the other day when I walked
into my garage just one door and the
door handle I always walk into almost
like not used to under no I was looking
to hurt so much I was shooting yes and I
walk in I was like beholding my side
people like oh you're exaggerating are
you ready for this ready for this okay
for the week yeah yeah yeah do you see
that do you see that she this
exaggeration right here but this is from
walking into a door handle collage at
this map and open it tomorrow basically
a map the whole world is black and gold
and when you scratch off the places
you've been the gold turns to different
colors you can track all your travels
that were really cool so I'm gonna do
that and we're framing that's my story
goodbye I'm gonna end the day so I can
go to bed and wake up tomorrow and have
a very positive great day learn the
lessons I've learned from today and I'm
gonna check some emails read a little
bit of a book and go to bed let's see
how we did today I think we actually
did almost everything on our to list to
be fair so let's see how we did
but I know was Bobby storm nothing it
was full of nothing there was like four
clips in this whole entire vlog and I
apologize tomorrow will be better thank
you for joining me on today Howie you
had a wonderful day tomorrow I'm
actually shooting some so I know a few
laws cause like I'm making change to the
vlog Channel and I never told you what
they were that was on purpose
tomorrow I am shooting an interview the
mornings I made my hair and makeup done
and then I am going to shoot some really
cool stuff that's gonna help me soup up
this vlog channel I'm gonna give away
too much it's just know the wheels are
turning in here and I can't wait for
y'all to see it it's still gonna be like
a couple weeks till I get to see it I
know huh but we worth it and tell them
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe so my last video is trending
which is great because my videos have
been trended in a while so don't believe
in trending I think that whole thing's a
scam but either way thank you so much
for showing love in my last video
never underestimate how much it matters
like to comment and thumbs up in that
stuff I you probably watched me for
years but that stuff still matters to me
um still put food on my plate instead so
you know so you can also you know thank
you all
