you jump in everyone but you still
welcome back amazing clothes we also
harder productivity lives your I am in
and why see ya you thought my nose I'm
sorry is it boogers a little a few
here's the deal yesterday I flew to New
York and it did not even occur to me
that I flew to New York on 9/11 like I
didn't occur to me in Thailand and I
tweeted about the Salah was just so
surreal because as I was driving to my
hotel saw the two lights that they you
know they project that where the twin
towers used to be and was just such a
like deep moment full of heart and
sadness and all the things got to go to
a dinner you gotta go to my inbox guy
work on script all that mourn is also my
trip to New York has been quite pleasant
so far huh usually New York hates me but
this in my hotel room it's a cute little
vibe a little work situations I'm cute
this is little thing of thing and the
thing is the thing it's all very cute so
I'm in New York for New York Fashion
Week meg has I do fashion I am walking
the runway with Olay but here is the T
I'm not wearing any makeup I'm not doing
anything to my skin when I walk the
runway why because I can face anything
and that is the whole campaign so I'm
feeling confident there's something I
don't care I love my skin feel good
about myself and using all these
products with 28 days and genuinely no I
don't be s my skin just feels the best
it is felt in a long time and I'm just
like yo we'll get it done so we're going
to rehearsals as you can see it is a
little gloomy
there you go
my hair is like mad ariana grande's I've
also was rehearsal I'm like a low-key
I'm nervous for you every night he
supposed to say you'll be fine your
first day how was your only moron doing
that I now know I can move my arms and
it's fine but it's good
bro tips leave your heat blastings when
you come back in it's a mother and son I
like I like it felt I'm in New York
right now it's so dope New York Fashion
Week I remember some of New York Fashion
Week I swear it's like two-month-long
I'm like it's still New York Fashion
Week much longer than a week but the
city is buzzing is really cool I'm not
sure if I'm billboard just still I'll
keep you posted but sentiment yarn I
want to tell you about the exciting team
super New York listen up because I will
be speaking at the social good summit as
my role be a UNICEF global goodwill
ambassador on September 23rd and your
girl you know me as I listen you want me
to do anything team supers not to be
there not 25 complimentary passes which
means I want some of you to be there at
the summit this is how you get the
passes I'm a read so I don't eff this up
you gotta use the code Lily at SG s at
check out to join me W dot social good
summit calm all the information will be
in the description go get some
complimentary passes see me the social
good summit September 20th unstoppable
and you give me some early birthday hugs
and kisses
y'all I'm losing my mind I went to sit
down here and I saw this pillow and I
thought it was Scarborough and I was
like hey baby and then I was like that's
my scar that's a bit low oh my god I
miss him so much update he was sick
yesterday as I was leaving buddy's
feeling much better now so yay you can
be my temporary Scarborough yo this
hotel lid because they have impossible
burgers BAM
also I'm headed to dinner in a little
bit but I was so hungry waiting I'm
heading to this old lade in ER and I'm
not gonna lie I love kind of fabulous
look is I got a red shoe sweater dress
situation I'm gonna take my hair I think
I look kind of cute you know what exit
I'm also gonna take a purse let's just
do the whole thing guys look who it is
it's Carolyn it's Carolyn Carolyn look
Carolyn Hutter
yo I am back sorry I didn't vlog at the
dinner it was so dark wouldn't be able
to see any ties I asked up I asked up so
bad I made my room a sauna like I told
you but I left my food in here uncovered
so now it's just uh smells but you know
it smells like impossible burger it's
not horrible I am walking the runway
tomorrow my self-esteem is like super
high right now because it feels super
good myself walking the runway I just
feel happy I feel good so I thought my
self-esteem is so boosted and the camera
can't focus on me there it is that I
would do something to bring it back that
stuff the other day a fan account this
one I like you're not following it what
the heck is you doing
tweeted saying that a lot of people are
roasted me I froze with myself
Scarborough's roasted me but they asked
for y'all to roast me so I proceeded to
get tagged in a lot of tweet that it
read all them is or to say four segments
but I have a folder full of your tweets
roasting me team super rose superwoman
these are gonna be how love me cuz if
anyone knows me well its y'all and then
you don't get me wet hurts and I have a
great attitude once are you ready here
we go y'all roasting me let's do it
you jump in everyone but you still have
 okay jazzy brackets I love you okay
I'll see you
scared I'm scared when you needed a
whole beauty guru for your foundation to
suddenly match your neck
yo love and you savage it's true my
foundation never used to match my neck
and he gave me some fancy beauty and now
it matches I know I know once I commit
to something I commit that's just the
kind of person that I am also Lily can
barely gulp two glasses of water down
the block that are distinctly announcing
that she was committed you know I can't
cam
khari care yeah I don't think your water
is like her relationships can't commit
you know what I actually take that as a
compliment so joke's on you clearly by
it's every little thing for Scarborough
even if he doesn't need more stuff also
Lily hasn't broken fine a broken tripod
makeup brushes that deserve to rest in
peace and only once
sweet I love my time is that wrong is
that wrong am I wrong - am I not am I
wrong am I wrong to be an animal lover
let me live also
my tripod isn't broken that was the one
in Toronto I still have it and I use it
when I go home but the one in LA is not
broken I'm just saying alway boy you're
talking about
Lily getting married or having kids down
in my mind gets an art Bugan that she
can make anything with makes an
engagement ring and words herself with
it because you know what I was trying to
make art but if y'all go Rose me fine
lily is a committee and absolutely
Fitness is so true I'm so bad at
Canadian trivia
y'all got Scarborough in this as well
Rose Lily team super make sure the
questions are spicy I don't know where
this is going team super insert spicy
Quilly follow the fan tequila for all my
updates and niggas you know what post
the faq account doesn't make this
segment come to life so all those
tumbleweed looks like my shower after
she posted myself Lily gets annoyed when
people spell her name wrong also you
know I can't can carry care Oh y'all
have a train okay I'm ready trying
that's tool from you girl okay don't you
to me like it meant school or something
more than I used too much water you
don't Rosa me on Twitter go come on one
time really gave herself water points
ago she ate some grapes you know we all
do some real quick google searching what
is inside grapes what is inside grapes
hold on hold on
is water inside grapes grapes and
raisins are the same fruit a raisin is a
dehydrated grape which means that a
grape is hella hydrate which means that
where is the lie correct
when was the last time lillies lawn
camera was focused okay that's not my
fault it's the goddamn camera and you
know what you can't be into using this
one by using my hubby I see you clearly
what do y'all want to see today us types
fanuc count blue here's time some sad
word isn't what if I tell y'all that I
shot that video and it's coming soon I
mean drop the mic I caught it with the
other hand but imma drop the mic on that
thank you so much thank you for seeing
me I guess is what I'm gonna say thank
you for roasting me i frickin honestly I
know there was much harsher ones as well
that my team probably did not select but
I saw the bun Twitter someone ever go on
a real deep some people are like oh you
think you're funny but really you make
mediocre videos when you're just trying
to make yourself have some sort of
purpose I'm like when really you just
should have been dead a long time ago
and I was just like I'm gonna real real
deep so thank you for actually know
y'all niggas not gonna be you know I'll
roasted that but I mean roast
team super comfortable if you'd like to
see that because already know my roast
game how strong for example all y'all do
not mess with Lilly Lilly is this Lilly
is that I care about we're not a normal
family care about Lilly okay I'm kidding
actually most of you are in like that
awesome you are
yo went well the urgent stuff I need to
do in my inbox yes I'm wearing my bra
which is why this room is so excited
because I know my room right now you
know what I did drink more water but I
didn't walk it I'm gonna ask for one
more water point which is still not
great
Oh dry roast me some more to roast me
some more I deserve but you're watching
this right now when you main Channel
video is coming up in a super Thursday
Thursday Thursday here's a preview and
the winner for Best Female supporting
role is Donald Glover is about award
shows and losing them something you have
a lot of experience in so make sure you
stay tuned for that because we'll be
releasing show with some love BAM we out
your to scroll there to as iTunes of
room I mentioned all right it's hi
everybody
and tell tomorrow where I'm gonna walk a
runway and New York Fashion Week and I
frigging I'm so excited
enjoy the moment so join you
you
