is that a screenshot of Lily or
something like that no this is Lily we
can gotta do work on the weekend it is
Sunday and I have to beat not to be
actually I want I want to be very
productive I'm just in the movement zone
zone zone so here is the mission for
today even though it's Sunday tomorrow
I'm leaving to Sharjah so a lot of
things gotta get done
no the job grab a notepad grab a pen
grab some eyeliner if you can't find a
pen and make your to-do list cuz we
gonna make today count you write rent
one great grant to shoot rent one shoot
rent to go through my inbox start
packing for tomorrow fix my very messy
house all that more let's do it some
points today but first we eat making
these montages I show myself using
spatulas and stuff I don't know if it's
like the Indian in me and that's just my
mom's like jeans have been passed down
but I always use my hands don't try this
at home
Thank You Hemant old meat my go-to toast
scrambled eggs and vegan sausages boom
so yesterday I had such a relaxing day I
woke up I went to Rachel's baby shower
for a second and then while Scott was
getting groomed I got my nails done a
manicure and pedicure I don't know the
last time I went to a salon my nails
done when I was like yo it's Saturday
some self-care does that mean for the
rest of the day I came home and I forced
myself to watch TV because you know me
every five minutes I was like shouldn't
I be doing something right now
yeah I should start a new project but I
forced myself was like shut the F up it
is Saturday you don't have to do
anything couldn't really sit here all
day and it'll be fun I got some good
relaxation in but today we get to hurt I
have to say though like I'm more proud
of this than I should be like as a
normal person I'm just like so proud I
got my nails I was like y'all you're
like I'm normal person
I wonder where Scarborough is I have a
guess
in your rice in your rice there's been a
lot of people asking in the comments
what were the results from scarborough's
tests at the vet thank you for asking
thank you for concerns well here's the
deal
he did the barium study which is
essentially the day you had to stay
active at the whole day what they did is
they put like this colorful dye in his
water and they x-rayed him every hour so
they could monitor the passage of like
liquid and fluid through his stomach
came back completely fine it was nothing
wrong then the vet gave me these other
medications which she's been taking his
last days on Monday because the vet
believes he has gastritis I think that's
what's called which means the lining of
the stomach is irritated which like he's
throwing up stuff ever since he's been
eating his bland food he's not been
throwing up and then people ask why
don't you just give him bland food with
rest his life it's just not really
realistic because dogs get into things
all the time and you think outside I
just need to build up his tolerance a
little bit more so when he finished his
medication on Monday I'm gonna slowly
put him back on his regular food slowly
stuff look at my nails slowly slowly
slowly then we're gonna monitor what
makes him sick and what doesn't so it's
a work in progress but recently he's
been feeling better thank you
just made by mastered time to-do list
now you just step into my office
turn up first 11:30 to 12:30 go through
my inbox I already know it's a gag dam
disaster in here because it has been a
few days indeed let's see what we got
going on here
seventy yeah let's do it I see
approving checks for people that I need
to pee employees employees anything pay
just kidding if you're watching this
employees love you eat food live your
life employees I gotta pay checks that I
don't improve something but always I see
something about make-a-wish request oh
that's fun see something with my charger
trip I see some clothes I ordered I see
a script I see some team meeting notes I
see an office supply requests a lot of
things going on in here let's dive in
look cool a new okay so every time I
approve check I have to take like 19
deep breaths as if I'm giving birth just
like because the way the system is set
up by my financial manager who I love is
like I only approve the outgoing money
and in the same screen I don't see my
incoming money so I just see like me
giving away so much money at one time
every single time without doubt I sit
here and I'm like oh my god Frigg to buy
a flamethrower i have to do clickbank
but then I don't but I stress out every
time though come my nails well and we
did toesies show me how you toe good
toes going through my inbox just
reminded me of something very very
important so you know I'd like to be
straight up and honest about things and
we're all just trying our best right
that's that's the moral of serologist
trying our best I know a few weeks ago a
lot of you were tweeting me about an
article that came out regarding we and
you know I work with me and I love we
I'm gonna put a link to their response
down below I'm gonna respond to that
article in case you want to have any of
your questions answered about any of the
things that are brought up in the
article they're just a really really
well and the day I'm a huge supporter of
wheat and I continue to be I know their
business in and out very thoroughly
because they've explained it to me very
thoroughly they're also out of all the
plates that I've worked with one of the
most transparent as well and so if you
have any questions about the stuff that
was brought up in that article like I
said the link is in description give it
a thorough read I still support them and
I think something needs to be said about
credible news sources and non credible
news sources is just looking to think
critically about that I'll let you form
your own opinion I'll give a description
maybe I should put on my to do list to
get you more toys I don't think you have
enough sweetheart Halloween is over God
throw my embossing to me the point now
I'm writing ranch one I really love this
script it is called my friends tried
getting me laid and just based on the
fact that my friends are all obsessed
with my dating life or lack thereof and
they're always trying to get me today
people so this is a true story I'm
having a great time writing this I'm
just writing my second random actually
just recorded both I need to show you
how dope the lighting is can we just
look at that oh you guys I got the
sunshine we're gonna balance it out with
this light oh it's looking it really
it's many hours later I've been so
productive but now it's time to do
something fun I saw something else on my
nose like yo this is goddamn genius one
thing I love about my career among so
many other things is team super which is
you y'all are so funny online you're the
best tweets I often think you should
take my job so today I decided to go
undercover as
fan account what does entails I'm not
quite sure but I believe it is that I'm
going to be a fan account and I'm gonna
like DM some of you and I'm gonna
respond to some of you pretend to be a
fan and see how it goes I may be like
yeah I don't actually like her nobody my
god let's see hold up standby okay so my
accounts name is Scarborough's best
friend so the first thing I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna post a picture on my
Instagram when I post this one
yeah you see yes I have a folder called
a yet to post organisation is everything
I'm gonna post this and I'm gonna write
love team super so team super so much
let's check in the comments love team
super so much let's chat in the comments
now hopefully this problems a bunch of
fans to message me to my comments that
my fake fan account conductor them the
science aw my god is not a science kit
love to through so much this chapter
comments boom share so we have this is
my fake fan encounter the good thing is
I've already posted a few things to this
a few days ago so it looks like it's
legit so goddamn exciting team super
Street all right let's do it
hello I am a new super woman fan what is
your favorite video have you ever met
her okay
no s Javas said I hope you can respond
soon so I'm going to say hi I'm also a
lily fan has she ever responded to you
mhm - the goal is I want to reveal to
all I see was me so I hope we make their
day or they might also not care of them
mostly standby from team super Street oh
my god oh so nervous I'm so nervous
hi nice to meet you with heart emojis
team super here so nice so hard to pick
one because she makes incredible ones
when my personal favorite is how to
dance at parties I met her she is really
sweet thank you for adding me you're
great oh my god how sweet oh my god
you're so sweet thank you for being so
friendly I don't even know how to say
I'm falling over what I buy too if you
could say anything to her anything to
her if you met again what would you say
team uh super Austin I said hi my newly
found house team super said I'm good how
are you I am very good have you ever met
Lily oh no X no X can't do the XS to me
we got another response teams were
straightening I would tell her I
absolutely adore her thank her for
existing and maybe if it's not too much
ask her to choke me okay she's saving
more typing we're doing we're doing hope
no one's mad that I'm doing this by the
way I'm only gonna show okay we're done
okay okay
let's let's respond this one mm-hmm just
in case they take a screenshot posted
and my cover will be blown
deep super often I'm very good have you
ever met Lily yes I have how is she good
for me maybe if someone says that she
was a douchebag I can approve myself
let's see Samba oh my god they're typing
their typing everywhere there's nothing
everywhere the sweetest person ever that
is so that is so awesome
what did you say to her I would be so
nervous let's see oh my god you you
don't know always Lily I'm here for you
100% oh my god
you a while to type that so hopefully
this person should we've got another
response no I wish what would you want
to say to her
I'm sure she will respond one day making
people of days dream come true this is
my dance and I'm not really wearing a
good bra so my Tatas are going
everywhere typing typing typing I can't
breathe I'm sweating you're so sweet
okay I'm chill
Laura be safe enjoy I love you so much
thank you team super Street you are the
best and your profile pictures releases
and right after that we'll go eat one
cuz you inspired me that I'm a biggest
fan ever even my mom loves her and that
I wish one day I could work for her
because it seems like a ton of fun ya
hear that my she's such a great person
and I look up to her baby oh my god same
but guess what
this is Lily Lily and I'm gonna see with
the responses let's just see let's just
see you're lying you have 55 followers
oh it's cool no come here don't walk on
them
Lee has like 13 million I'm going
undercover for a vlog segment it's me
how can I prove it
send a video of yourself hi it's really
me in a really dirty of on segment C and
now you're officially in the vlog thank
you so much I'm sorry took me so oh
thank you high lunge they went and now
you're in the blog thank you so much for
being so sweet I'm sorry took me so long
to recognize your comment and respond to
Van Dyke and official video for me so
say now we wait
I'm smiling so much right now oh wait a
1pp okay now we respond to team super
austin guess what I have a secret
look at me multitasking no response
standing by
left unread oh my god really oh my god I
love you so much you know what y'all are
really sweet because you could respond
in any such way none of you know this is
me and you're so welcoming and you're so
warm and you're so kind and that's
exactly what I love our team super thank
you my love sweetheart superwoman smile
said no I haven't met her but I really
want to welcome to the fandom you'll
make a lot of new friends and just like
I have whoa what would you say if you
met her are you sure about that wait
you're kidding right I need proof it is
what it is Oh I showed my mom and she
was super happy - that's so sweet
prove it really me hi
I didn't know if I'd be able to say
anything behind my tears oh poor baby
oh my god I get so mad when people are
mean to her let's see where this goes
like Oh video reply from team super
Austin
I hope you don't mind that I include
them a blog that was so sweet and
sentimental oh my god I miss you guys so
much I miss y'all so much I won't ever
meet me like right now immediately
everyone I'm charged up please come with
me because I wanted me to all so badly I
just oh my goodness so sweet saying she
doesn't deserve that type of hate except
for drinking water really acting like I
seem super friend right now aren't I
well obviously I drink enough water for
me and her though true also guess what
I'm still not drinking water right now
and now I'm gonna send a picture doing
this and let's see if I put it together
for something wait what what do you mean
what is that screenshot of Lily or
something like that no this is Lily yeah
I think I just wish I could see their
faces honestly wait are you for real I
am for real wait really yes really
I'm sure for real real for sure for sure
I am so confused you tell me your
favorite video Oh
prove it I am Lily borderline creepy and
I apologize y'all is this actually or am
I being pranked mm-hmm well see tell me
your favorite video and we will find out
won't we
my favorite video is why I won't have
kids and YouTube dreams bang test great
answer I had a lot of fun making YouTube
truths
I can't wait to losers and find though
this is so fun I should just do this
forget the wall I just do
regularly for my own life if you send me
a video something because I feel like
I'm being pranked I don't know why yes
as correct you should feel like you're
being pranked because you are hi it's
really me I'm doing a blog segment and
it went undercover and you're the one of
the people that were English one of the
people that responded to me no you're
officially in the vlog look at that
thank you for all your love and support
Hey okay team super loves you said well
if you are your true inspiration and
I've been in your corner since 2010 if
you aren't than striving to be like her
as an incredible thing how sweet is that
considering I'm being hella creepy and
you're being so nice i'ma send you a
video let's do it
hi it's really me I'm undercover for a
blog segment and I want to message you
and say thank you so much for your love
and support I really really appreciate
it you've been at corner since 2010
you're a real one
thanks alright never apply from super
moon smiles oh my god I love you so much
I'm literally crying right now thank you
so much this is the best thing you know
Will Smith said this to one of the best
friends well Fame even though it has a
lot of like you know things that are not
always the most convenient it's so easy
to make someone's day like just
messaging people make the day act like I
get it cuz when Dwayne doesn't something
me like I feel it but it just like I'm
so glad I'm able to make you smile over
something so simple my battery's dying
so I gotta end this year but thank you
so much and it's just every single one
ego so sweet no one of you was rude or
mean I appreciate you all so so much
balance Instagram shine too another one
why go undercover on Twitter hmm well I
guess what I just said it's kind of
obvious no damn it
you'll see this right here this right
here this is not acceptable this is this
is driving me crazy
let's deal with this right now oh and
look what I found only the real ones
know y'all remember these they're coming
back friends I got so much work done
today it is incredible and now I'm gonna
treat myself to a movie that I have not
yet seen him to watch it all about
myself so I already know what has to
happen next
oh right the time is 11 p.m. my face
feels so sticky it's probably because I
just had an entire couple you're gonna
want to eat okay so Scarborough has this
little spot in my closet that he loves
because one of my hooks fell it on my
like robe and stuff fell so watch hello
is this your new spot now this is your
news fun I'm gonna miss you so much
buddy
so tomorrow I am going to Sharjah as we
know this month is just stacked in
general I got Sharjah I got Bahamas and
I got India all in this month that's all
of us a you know a real talk I like I'm
dreading it because I miss him so much I
just like don't feel optimal when he's
not with me and it's gonna be a rough
month Hummels gonna be here take care of
him and it's the season have a great
time you have a great time bye hundred
percent for me it's gonna be me that's
uppers he's not gonna care he's gonna be
like yeah super Monday which means a new
main channel video is coming out
it's probably one of my favorite videos
I've made in a long time based on true
story it's the world saw you but their
friends laid one oh yeah that's how I
did think tomorrow there might not be
long because I'm not even mentally
prepared for this 16-hour flight I'm
bout to take but Sharjah goodbye I will
see you soon
you
