oh you're adorable
vocalizing cause we also harder
productivity lives here it is Monday
happy super Monday I'm so excited
because today is like a very
well-balanced day it got a little bit of
breaks got a little bit of work and get
so much stuff done I feel the hustle
energy just like
guys styling appointment released my
video have a meeting about man have a
meeting for unicorn Island production
the corn spice news recorder and go
through my own box all that let's do it
I also feel myself got a little bit of
India vibes here got my court I got my
silver shoes these shoes have been muddy
and in a bag literally you're not gonna
believe me but literally since carnival
that is like months and months and I
just clean them yesterday because
yesterday was my day where I was like
everything I haven't done is happening
today also I already had two calls today
you can go ahead and give me the points
but before I even start the vlog the
hustle has started right from the get-go
from the get-go fam I've really such an
arrogant douchebag right okay I'm kind
of killing it today I'm just proud okay
just let me have this moment you should
kill it - how about this let's kill it
together make it to do this like I did
let's do it together we get lazy let's
help each other get through that
procrastination slack you know why is we
gotta make these 24 hours town yeah
Scarborough what's your to-do list
got my bag and Scarborough sick
and wheeze at the office let's get to
work so right now I'm working on a rent
for a video we shot a little while ago
and how my workflow goes is that we
shoot the skip portions and days later I
write the Ranford which is like the
straight two cameras now it's actually a
little hard because I've to remember
like the vibes like all the jokes I had
in mind or like how I should set it up
ideally I would do them on the same day
but and I live it just writing my rent
blaze through my inbox and now we go and
get the rest of our work done listen to
some spiritual music alright so this is
the first time I have a styling in my
office scarf rolls all up in there
remember are you gonna go to Fashion
Week to Scarborough look at it
overwhelmed over well
all up in there look at this all up in
there oh my god so much fashion you know
what fashions did all the fashion just
happened two things number one number
two a few days with a fan account tweets
saying send them your back-to-school
outfit so I could react to them it is
back-to-school time something I didn't
know is that Canadians and Americans go
back to school at different time
Americans go back to school so I really
like end of August they're in school my
first week in September comment below
when did you go back to school wherever
you live tell me we live tell me when
you go back to school but I'm so excite
to react to some of your outfits because
they let me tell you real story first of
all if you ain't following the fan
account right there what is you doing a
lot of what I do in these vlogs is based
on that so both borrow that you not
firing that with a breadhead number two
back to school has a really big
significance to me because it was a
really big deal for me I remember one
year in particular which is why the
segment is so exciting but in your
particular it was I want to say was
great hang going into great a great
night I walked in everyone knew who I
was they were like okay she's a tomboy
she's this I think great channels like
you I want to like look cute so like I
went to my friend's house I mean I keep
saying like that's how you know I'm
getting like girly like like like they
put on eyeliner for me they straighten
my hair with like a iron iron clothes
with like legitimately and I looked like
a Barbie doll I went back to school and
everyone's like when I look back at that
picture I'm like that gonna look like me
I was like so over the top but I
remember at that moment
I felt so cute and special even though
even though I look hella plastic all
that to say I know the pressures of like
going back to school be like yo I need
to look my best and then the second day
be like I look like trash all over again
your back-to-school outfits at first we
have I hope I say this right AB Braille
a Brielle team super 509 she sent me
before-and-after picture I guess it's
her from a young kid first of all cute
as hell those hair clips those bags all
too relatable to grow up damn okay first
of all got the wreath as a backdrop and
definitely a parent took this virtually
break that falls in front of MIDI this
is a back-to-school of it should look
like practical not too over-the-top got
a nice sand or nice jean nice simple
cash you're not trying too hard and I
appreciate that that is a win up next we
got meat
I'm inches I have no idea why I'm posing
like that you don't neither do I but
it's to result kind of like serving them
CSI looks you asked you I like the fade
don't know why the glasses are happening
inside but you know what I have been
guilty of this many times so I'm not
gonna judge it or you wouldn't sell oh
okay you're adorable
Asha team super Colorado look adorable
we got that animal print realness here
we got the leggings the shoes the
sweater the shirt a whole look with the
accents of pink that's an A+ right there
although I had the exact same CD holder
that you have in the back oh my god also
the fact that you still have a CD holder
go
stay real with the times that makes me
question out this is a current picture
old a CD oh oh okay see now this is a
real nice back flop but you got the team
super merch and got a nice Jean they got
a nice different colors sneaker a smile
on your face the smile is the best part
of this outfit and you know what I could
even say it's the merch but I'm not
gonna say some merch it's your smile
that's the win next we got Brianna okay
you know what the shirt and the hair is
a whole vibe I wish once in my life I
was brave enough to put color in my hair
I think this intense calm is enough
statements that I have arrived I wish I
was brave enough to do this I am NOT but
this looks awesome good vibes I mean
what better outfit is there than good
vibes now it's a winner
okay just my boy this is my bar right
here you may recognize him from this
vlog I definitely remember seeing this
outfit I want to say he wore something
kind of similar when he came to my house
he is a style fashion icon don't even
add me on it okay my first day this year
in fifth grade freaking love this the
overalls with the matching shirt
underneath with the smile hole Bob you
look adorable and I wish you the best in
grade by right if I was one the best
years of my life I just want to say also
my grade five teacher was my headshots
for my professional acting career you
look amazing the shirt the skirt the
hair did you do the hair yourself cuz if
you did the hair yourself we all have to
talk how many hands did you just my hair
look amazing yeah a whole vibe you know
what this is a true story it's so cold
in Toronto when I used to go to school I
used wear my PJs under my jeans my jeans
to be really baggy used to wear my PJs
under my clothes just to maintain the
warmth I had for my bed this is a whole
vibe I could not cosign this more we got
another then and now okay this is
amazing first of all you are adorable as
a child and you're still adore you got
the book girl love sweater you got the
boss shirt you got the team super hat
looking like Oh looking like a Louie
single-board thank you for that support
you look dope a daughter's first day of
preschool so adorable also the pose okay
can we just zoom into the first picture
of this laughs that's what pure joy
looks like like seeing that makes seeing
a genuine laugh like that I love it
Surya this is her then in this adorable
it would look like a uniform and then
next is another uniform picture doing
the same pose okay one of my favorite
things in the world is when people
maintain the same pose over the years
and just like this has been 14 years in
the making and I bloody love it
you look adorable and also here and the
form is low-key kind of friggin lit
okay just my sister can't write all hard
yet she she wears scrubs why because
she's basically a doctor basically
saving lives out here no big deal that's
all for today thank you to everyone that
send in your pictures I really liked
checking the my I feel like every
person's back to school picture tells
the story it tells the story of a moment
and a time when a day we're just like
I'm starting something new here and it's
like that's really special magical
remember follow a fan account if you
want to be involved if you don't Bob
yeah how you gonna be involved you gonna
be the person that doesn't get into the
club want to be that person you want to
be the person by on the fan account we
just had a meeting it was lit it was
about learning and it was about I told
them this in my last vlog but just so
you're here and can be a witness which
is really all chickens fiery day yeah
okay one of the ones in the fridge has
mold are you playing jokes whatever oh
did we or did we not gonna email saying
the merch prices are too low we did we
did right yeah we did but you know she
wants the best for y'all I said I want
the best for you why do I talk with you
I turn into like this person but it's
gonna be fired it's always save your
Christmas money finished all my meetings
for the day had another glass of water
now I'm home and Scarborough has been
such a good boys been so patient during
all my meetings and the poor guys
probably been boring I'm gonna dedicate
a solid amount of time of just playing
with him that's what i'ma do and then I
gotta still record my rent still do
Spice News and a bunch of other stuff
but yo we still strong Judy's gone so I
felt really bad about the Shadow rerun
from today so I did move my lights
upstairs and I will move them right back
down for spice use because I look at the
ranch and I felt so guilty so I did it
Gregg done give me the boys God you're
trying though oh my god Sam I did so
much today it's only 10:30 and I'm so
tired something about taking advantage
of this because I've had some trouble
falling asleep the past couple of days
we're like keep waking up in Millvale
night so I'm gonna wash these dishes
pack I'm heading to New York tomorrow
today when you're watching this I might
write spice news well shoot of tomorrow
morning I leave at 10:00 a.m. though
means gotta wake up early I think you're
not laughs trying to figure it out just
did that so today I feel it like in my
body that I've worked very hard every
once in a while I do so many things I'm
Dave I feel it in like my knees like my
body just like stopped and I saw comment
the other day it's stung a little but I
think it's stung because it was true I
am woman enough to admit that it was
basically like you feel guilty for doing
leisure things that you can plan that
you're lonely you don't have friends it
wasn't a rude comment it was someone
just being trying to be genuinely
helpful and a I'm well aware
one thing I pride myself in is my
self-awareness I know
my Wackness i know every time on my
hypocrite I know every time I'm doing
something that's not cute so I'm well
aware that I do that I feel really
guilty when I do lose your things when I
hang with my friends and when I'm not
hanging with my friends I'm so lonely so
it's kind of like I'm my own biggest
problem and I'm well aware but something
I just wanted to like I guess I'm just
thinking out loud to myself honestly is
that I am very adamant on for as long as
I possibly can maintaining my youtube
presence and I think that is why my days
are so hectic and that is on my schedule
so I think that's why I have to push
myself to such a place because I want to
do production company stuff I want to do
auditions I want to do all these cool
things go to New York travel do the
charities if I want do all of it I still
want to maintain my youtube channel if I
didn't make two videos a week fat my
schedule be way less hectic I would be
mother-effing chilling but I do pride
myself and burn few reasons one y'all
are really important to me you're my
YouTube community and you know a lot
will say even if you don't make youtube
videos will still be there and I know
that but I just feel in my heart that I
want to be as loyal as I can to that
community for as long as I can because I
know a lot of my success is because of
y'all and because of this platform and
so and tell my last possible morsel of
sanity I will try to do that but also is
like a celebratory thing if we could
just take a moment and this is gonna be
like a humble braid I'm not even gonna
like be modest about it I'm actually
really proud of but it's like I have
made two videos a week for a long time
through writing a book through not one
but two world towards do everything I've
got going on I've still be like I'm
making the two goddamn babies I don't
know how long I'm gonna do that
realistically like there might be a day
years from now I'm like I gotta do it I
gotta do it well like I am really proud
of the fact that I have done that for so
many years not taking not disappear not
in any of those things maybe that's the
wrong thing maybe that's why I'm crazy
but I'm just I'm just proud that I've
done it so that's why I push myself it's
important for me to do that for as long
as I can I'm a shut up now my knees hurt
but that's my little piece of my brain I
wanted to go Brit yo
it is so bedtime let's see how it
shouts never on the showed up to my new
video is called annoying DMS girls get
make sure you check it out on the main
channel yeah I might not log tomorrow
because it is a complete travel day but
I will see you very very soon
you
