we also harder productivity lose here it
is Saturday morning I swear it might
seem like I'm doing that on purpose
every time I'm like what date it unless
it's Monday or Thursday I usually don't
know because the videos not being
released it is that it is the weekend I
am so excited I just slept in it is like
11:30 Carlos left in with me he's both
just like blessed life because my sleep
schedule for the rest of the week has
been like nah this week is really
exciting chicken oh you clean my goddamn
house so exciting I'm going to a
birthday parties I finish a creative
deck I better do some creative
brainstorming I have to watch a lot of
TV and television I don't that seemed
leisure but it's actually to prep for
some meetings so I know those peoples
work and as much work as I can do all
that good morning seafood good mornings
people you want to bite mommy's fingers
every morning every morning every
morning I just got on the bed while I
brush my teeth do stuff and then I take
him downstairs so he can go pee and
stuff cuz he can't jump on off the bed
yet but every morning when I try to get
him off the bed every morning this is
when I go through come on come on skips
Cobra come on he just loves the bed so
much he loves like blankets and pillows
and refuses impossible to get him half
like get on the bed come here come on
munchkin gonna be honest a lot of this
weekend is gonna be for Scarborough
because the last couple days scarborough
has been so patient with me
i've been doing so much work he's wanted
to play a play with him every night but
I could tell there's definite times in
the office where he was like crying
wanna play but I've just been so swamped
this weekend Ben is about you it's gonna
be about playing making sure you have
fun okay could you've been so patient
just got room right off the bat this
morning I you have some energy off my
chest and I did tweet about this as well
this is not T sue not be being angry I'm
not angry I'm not bitter I'm not slaying
in my dragon I know those are all like
cute words we use but I am genuinely
trying to communicate something I think
sometimes when people
I have a real conversation and was like
hey her it's like not helpful for that
conversation cause I'm like I don't want
to drag her and I'm just genuinely
having conversation I've made a lot of
videos online like Allah Allah Allah
hurry up like a thousand two thousand
thousands of videos and I have videos on
all types of subjects I've been making
videos since 2010 is eight years its
2018 right wait years and over those
eight years the world has changed I
could talk about things before I can't
as well now because of what's acceptable
and what's politically correct in the
idea I think of every comedian every
person that does comedy it's all be gone
through that struggle where they're like
well I made jokes like these years ago
and no one got so offended but now
everyone's offended by everything that's
a whole separate conversation but I just
noticed as a woman every time I make a
video that has some sort of commentary
about men it's the end of the goddamn
world I have videos all types of videos
about women and men how girls react to
this how girls send text messages it's
just I've done a lot of that and it's
always I would like to believe very
light-hearted it's never me taking jabs
that like the other gender being like
this is why society suck my recent video
what a guy's tattoo means good this is a
prime example
comments-section is full of to be eyes
but her guys they're like why are you
talking about guys like they're your
wife don't move my tattoo like that was
like of all the things in the world that
me tell me about your tattoo in a
comedic setting but at the end of the
video I'm literally like yo man I'm
kidding and then I make fun of my own
tattoo you really butter here's the part
that I'd like to talk about it's not
that sure about her I've gotten many
comment many times in my life that are
negative under my YouTube is fine my
question is where's that same mother
effin energy when women literally have
commentary spoken about them about
everything by politicians about our
bodies by society but what we should
dress an entire human history as
commentated on women where is that angry
energy that you have now that I'm
talking about your tattoo in a comedic
way I just don't understand so all this
to say I really want to shut up because
focus on the positive I really want to
shout out secure confident men because I
am probably Jinan enough to know a few
of those men humble the poet
Swizz Beatz Justin Baldoni just to name
a few who are like you know we are not
threatened by an outspoken woman who's
making moves and who's like confident
and doing her thing
I just look every time cuz I'm a woman
and I'm
comedy videos if I make a joke about a
guy there's always a bunch of guys who
are just so upset you could be about
anything knock knock who's there a guy
no why every time oh god speaking women
are funny it's gonna be okay it's gonna
be okay you don't gotta be that fragile
women we just out here trying to get the
same opportunities as you we're not
trying to like take your spot we're not
coming just just take it easy it's gonna
be okay you know why cuz my videos are
funny you should subscribe sorry that
was a bit longer segment that I had
planned for him yeah the whole weekend
still to go but the last channel and on
is my most hated video of all time one
of them I think of a top three probably
is titled why I don't need a boyfriend
just let that sit I have videos called
what I love about guys five things I
love about I have all those videos I'll
receive very low one-on-one videos most
hates why I don't need a boyfriend just
let that let that sink in let that sink
in a woman saying she doesn't need a man
just like I'll say I am playing but you
know who's ready to play cleaned this
wash those let's go upstairs
pretend like you haven't seen this
outfit before a girl loves jewelry you
know what damn I gotta say I'm feeling
myself today okay there's an extruder
out not even ranked Twitter discussion
just sending mad love to all the girls
out there because it's really sad how
every media story is covering this cardi
being Nicki Minaj fight I'm not arguing
about the fight I'm not argue if it
happened I'm not arguing why it happened
whose fault is I have a rule which is if
I wasn't there and I don't know the
people personally and I wasn't present I
ain't trusting nope I've just learned I
just learned the media although it's got
a story to tell what I am saying is that
yo media is so quick to hop on stories
that show girls not getting along and I
get it it's cells it's the same reason
clickbait works I get it but I'm just
saying I feel like that needs to be
counteracted with some girl and I just
feel that women we're bigger than
ourselves now I just went on a Twitter
rant shouting outlines of Koshi and
jenna marbles and gabon I had a great
text conversation with Gabby about this
like it's not about me being number one
of you being number one there's
something I play that's bigger than all
of that and that is like changing the
culture of girl-on-girl hit and I really
believe that I had to check myself so
many times on YouTube and I tweeted
this very you know candidly when Liza
and Gabi and Lele when they came to you
- I was on the people I was shook I was
like yo these people came onto YouTube
and after everything I had going on and
they forced me to step up my game
because of them and because of how they
were changing the game I had to change
my game and I thank them for that
because I got better because of that and
I don't view them as my competition I
stand beside them and I want them all to
succeed every girl even like Jenna and
Grace and Hanuman people all came before
me yo nothing but respect I tried to be
as cool as them 100% so anyone that I
inspire you people are like stop
clapping superwoman don't even listen to
that there's enough room to succeed for
everyone and I'm not trying to knock
down anyone even if people like oh
they're copying your stuff no I copy
peoples that when I started so a boy
girl up Wow
it's day one of the weekend this is my
second little segment in the block just
gonna be alone when y'all I'm sorry sure
when I said go to a birthday party it's
actually not my friend's birthday
it's scarborough's friend's birthday
it's cookies birthday and of course
cookies wanna scarborough's best friends
we had to cook your gift so check it out
up first
obviously unicorn toy actual score
doesn't even have this they couldn't use
like some poop bags a rainbow little tug
award thingamabob er
an eye scheme that matches Scarborough's
a happy birthday dog cookie I also
brought a bag and some tissue papers we
don't wrap this up and come Bri real
cute
Scarborough you even real cookie a card
Wow don't eat it the level of extra at
this party is nothing short of what I
expect from Rory right these are all Don
Treaty says oh I am living scarve are
you ready for this
my god she's so extra goddamn love it I
love the degree an extra cookie happy
birthday good job Scarborough that's
okay you don't go hi girlfriend
good job good job God boy you don't need
to hide in there oh my god are these dog
pools oh my god I mean better than any
birthday party about it right you want a
swimming pool for home okay mama we'll
get you one mama we'll get you one Rowen
I assemble this we're basically
contractors and the dogs love it most of
this I want to get like dog tunnels like
dog it's it's very good everything is
very good I think I would use this
easily no problem Scarborough and the
time of his life and Gallup just showed
up which who is dressed like a unicorn I
mean honestly this is my birthday party
cuz this is everything I like there is a
basketball net that is amazing bro would
never let that
besides cookies Carville is the only
other dog in the cake all right new
development it's the end of the party
and just in time I found scar bone he
was chewing on the stem of a grape if
you know anything about dogs grapes are
very toxic to dogs so me freaking out
obviously I don't know if you eat the
grape or not just to another stem bite
called like that like a big stamp girls
like hey I'm not sure if he ate this I
wish I dude they're like no you should
take him to animals but just in case
because any amount of grape is toxic and
I'm like so now clearly it's very dark
no they made him throw up you didn't
find any grape they're like if he ate an
hour ago chances are we would have found
it and with parts of it wouldn't hold
still so they're like there's no way to
know for sure of some part of it a
stillness this is the thing this is the
thing I feel like every time I go to the
vet or the Animal Hospital there I mean
I'm sure they have to tell me all the
options that's fine but they like to be
safe you could leave me for two days
quite expensive but you come up on an IV
but it isn't like no I'm gonna use the
executive decision and say no and that's
like yeah that's probably like smart
like they made him throw up they found
no grape you probably didn't either in
the first place but now he's just like
you took me to a party then you made me
throw us meat heart no grapes you keep a
little grapes me me people were mean I
know I know king of going buck wild at
parties they said one of the things to
watch out for as loss of appetite I
think we're fine guys I might eat like a
white person good morning Sunday I slept
in so hard because first I woke up and
he said a pounding headache so I went
back to bed and I woke about 1:00
tomorrow self isn't that gonna thank me
for that we need to make up for last
time Scarborough's mats are drying
upstairs I need to deal with all of this
so let us deal with it now all of us are
working very hard right now mom I'm on a
date stump okay okay you guys want me
something ridiculous I just unpacked my
suitcase clean my room
I can't find my bed sheets I put them in
the wash a while ago I don't think I put
them up somewhere to dry I think on that
railing and now I can't find them
anywhere
I feel like during a shoot someone moved
them and now I don't know where my bed
sheets are I lost my bed sheet so I am
headed somewhere super excited Matt
Santoro invited me to the Game of
Thrones concert
I'm so excited he's like go I know
you're a big game of Thrones fan
obviously he's come to my parties and
Sons we're going to the concert and I'm
nerding the eff out so I thought I would
do my makeup a little special tonight I
do is really fun thing other youtubers
have done I'm pretty sure I think it's
genius it is following a makeup tutorial
while listening to only the vo therefore
not actually watching it just listening
to it there's a thing even if a makeup
person was right here on my lap telling
me what to do I would still fail I can
already foresee this not going great but
I'm gonna try I'm gonna follow James
Charles ball first impressions makeup
tutorial I'll put the link down in the
description as well in case you want to
follow it
it's almost makes sense it makes sense
so we're gonna try it we're listen I'm a
primer I don't think I have a primer I'm
just gonna use this random motion
oh my god I spoke he likes his primer I
like my lotion wrong for a good start
I'm using Fenty although usually put my
concealer on first when you say
foundations on is he speaking full baked
this James Charles Rosanna pansino
okay pause oh my god ease okay hey God
must keep up with James done before that
skin texture looks decent I'm havin
issues I think grace can look better
definitely have one for me to look of
course I know it
now concealer okay
so consider those after news to me my
goodness gracious I thought I was fast
with things James is mushy I've been
doing this wrong the whole time
concealer goes after who would have
thought setting powder effecting powder
is perfecting powder in setting same
thing what I even used I use this over
the you sponge right here Wow this is
Joe I've never used this vibe boys had
this oh my god this is amazing
bacon bacon
okay I have primer water I always do at
the end why would I do this now now why
we pretty much now I thought so comfy ol
you talk so black James what'd he say
what the hell do I guess that means this
end first okay
I didn't know there were brow styles I
thought you just go them back in brows
Edward it is a brows Sandra
i'ma just fill in my brows what is he
saying you know what languages there's
the thing I'm not be able to see the
color I'm gonna listen to it the color
is so know what what say the color in
English what is the code like look what
colors I actually don't know what color
he is I don't think he said it
take some next trips oh it's fall so I'm
guessing like so what I have I'm missing
something like that is like fall right
okay go see uh I use my eyeshadow brush
from Angie's beer damn it on things as
an eyeshadow brush let's use it
bomb diggity as a transition Jesus
transition shade in the eye line crease
in the eye line crease what is a crease
are you talking about this is this a
crease or is that a crease I think it's
there I think that's a cream transition
 you know what I used ignite
I thought the transition shade is like
smog maybe looks like nothing deepen up
the crease I'm gonna do this all this
brush has go on it okay he's just for
eye shows in for brushes I don't
understand I'm shadows with five
different brushes right now and it
sounds like he's speaking like math
equations Nina I'm Mike you 2mw for
Michael's ever suppose we must rush same
so when he didn't wear heels Lydia what
do you mean wavy move idiot fifteen
brush dip back into Craig quick oh my
god I'm so at a moment wait did he said
something about dipping something into
wait okay first of all I have two
brushes so this is said a fluffy brush
to hug his lower lashline that would be
here
what the f color would you use there I'm
gonna use this one stranded because it's
most no no no that's safe I'm gonna use
double life you under my eye what look
here I have No
Oh idea I mean it guys I'm kind of good
I am going to just put mascara on
because me put I don't even I have my
like wait actually I do have a pair of
lashes this is gonna be dangerous okay
I don't think I can put these on I feel
like these are still sticky enough right
or have to put glue on so I'm gonna just
not use glue and use the glue from last
time because I ain't gonna save my
eyelashes no no no no glue mascara wait
just let the eyeliner you're done to old
highlighter okay do I own that everyone
I do do i have highlight Oh blush and
highlight palette this is just like all
blush why are you so dumb highlight we
get a highlight highlight berry that
can't be right
okay I got punched in the face but we're
gonna go wanna boom as a base he's
putting eyeshadow on your lips okay I'm
gonna do Primrose this seems fallish
it's like a right this fall
nope nope we're not gonna do that
maybe fig no this doesn't go with my
eyes though this is my makeup huh I
don't know okay he was so right about
the eyeshadow and lipstick holy crap he
said spritz again
he's usual eyeliner though huh it's all
because he put lashes on okay let's see
I mean it's not
ah this is what I did I don't know so
intense over there was like a punch to
the face but like okay now I'm gonna
look at what his picture was Oh what Oh
dad
Oh his is so much better oh he's like
red hues Reds like a red red this is
more orange this is more like like a not
as good wow you can like see all the
blended color in his eyes you can just
see like one on mine you are talented
holy crap I could eat I there's no way
now I'm gonna kept up with that I mean I
tried I don't look I agree I'm gonna
wash my face and then do my makeup okay
but who am I to goddamn swab all right
the Nerds have United the nerds are here
like me they're like well I know we
decide for such nerds I love it guys the
Game of Thrones like Oh legs are on the
building realizes this drink is called
the night king so people come up to us
and ask for pictures and all the white
people worry about are like so confused
about what's going on we're from the
game of Thrones
I really I love you in episode 9 thank
you thank you
when I talked to bran
wah-ha-ha-ha that was so dope shoutouts
Matt for taking me that was friggin
amazing like every sound was done live
it was incredible it's midnight I forgot
that I actually have to shoot a rant for
tomorrow so after you write in a quarter
rat right now BRB ok done writing
luckily it was a short and easy one my
lights are not upstairs - the setup for
spice news I don't give it up I'm doing
without like I'm sorry if the rent for
today when you're watching this is not
as late as usual but after shoots spice
news again tomorrow so I can't be moving
up and down I'm sorry my hand started
hurt again I can't I guess ok finish the
rent it's so shadowy I'm gonna low and
it's finally allowed it's like because
my headache is back full-fledged my head
is now pounding again which I think I
need to like wash my hair and massage my
scalp or something and it's 12:30 7 a.m.
oh time is not my friend
bless life effort I wash my hair I'm
just gonna sniff my essential oil and
try to fall asleep and pop to advils
because it's getting late and I gotta
get to bed thank you joining me today
when you're watching this a new video is
releasing so stay tuned on the main
channel as portrayed let's see auras for
the last two days let's do it
today's video is types of DMS girls get
so stay tuned this gonna be lit will not
lit because the lighting wasn't on the
ramp but otherwise
you
