which of the following is a homophone
productivity lives you look at me up
cleaned up hair did nails hair did today
is what day is it y'all what you been
happening today is it's Friday here's a
pitch for today go to my edition I did
it I'll tell you about in a second go
through my inbox transom videos got a
meeting have a dinner meeting and yo
chill but f is today a little bit of my
days to be chillin up cuz the last
couple days have been crazy for me and
I'm kind of feeling so I just watch a
movie chill the F all kind of mentally
I'm so glad it's the weekend I'm so glad
my okay it was tough I'm gonna be honest
I think I did really well but the room
was just a tough room yeah I'm not
really sure but I try my best and you
know I'm feeling good about it like I
might straighten my hair for this look
like I got a little tattoo I got the
whole situation
pop lock and drop it right here so you
know what God bless y'all I just got a
package and it says Stella McCartney I'm
very excited to pop in each oh I like
this note it says leather free and
suitable for vegetarians celebrate the
new looted edition Stella McCartney's
dance submit when your girl Stella
McCartney spells your name right a real
one oh damn you know it's just dope when
it comes to one of these bags you know
one of these bags but it's like here's a
bag not a plastic bag let's go legit the
next bag you probably own to carry
whatever item we're providing this is
one oh my god so yo a whole mother
effing vibe thank you so much now
McCartney I friggin this is so mean I
goddamn love it I'll feel so nice and
the star details I'm very very thankful
oh my god never my life is I think I'd
be cool enough to receive be receiving
stuff like this ah
let's go to the app wheeze here it has
been 84 years exact number 84 years let
me know let me find out exactly how
long's been yeah 84 years since I've
been here so excited just get to work
oh I like sad it what I'm currently
doing is approving those pictures we
took for the girl of shoe remember check
this for drew looking right and innocent
missus like all swipe right on me I can
make my Road around innocence I like
yeah I just murdered my inbox how's it
going Taylor what's what's poppin what
are you working on lots of things lots
of things so Taylor has this ability of
working and watching things at the same
time what are you watching right now
like I don't understand I'm watching the
defenders and I'm also doing my work and
how are you doing both of these things
with one pair of headphones they kind of
play at the same time if I'm doing audio
mixing then I turn it off but if I'm
just doing anything it's like it helps
you focus it's like music for me aha
Brogan we midst you Brogan I miss you so
much so Brogan Krystal how did you break
yourself Brogan I honestly go now
so tell us is wrong let me I'm a doctor
I was supposed to be a doctor in bright
future so I can handle this can you move
this hazard of a wire that's absolutely
your doctor what are your symptoms
um my back is broken your back is broken
okay from which part which vertebra is
the occipital vertebra or the non
occipital vertebra all the occipital
vertebra
I just know that if there's nothing else
all its occipital and pretty sure
somebody through your head broken
basically walk like this I really do
here so could we find live footage of
Brogan walking that's Bravo get when
you're Tia's doctors your soul oh is
this Kyle's lack of coaster being used
here they don't look at all that look at
all that oh look at this you know what
you have to learn your lesson Kyle is
this a desk or a grocery store we'll
never know I want y'all to know
something I want you to look into my
eyes and know look into my soul dies
know that I'm being real with you I just
got an email from my merch people
basically being like the prices are too
low prices are too low for you to make a
reasonable amount of profit for these
things I watch all know that okay that's
how much I love
because I'm looking to the present right
now and I'm still like no I don't think
you should be more than this I think
this how much should be I'm not trying
to charge you but I just - not a
marketing tactic this is me know my
goddamn love you all obsessed
okay so yesterday's vlog I mentioned how
my whole team struggles like basic
knowledge on certain things we do good
smart things so we were struggling with
a grammar yesterday with what a guy's
tattoo means so today I thought our
segment could be figuring out if me and
my team are smarter than a 5th grader
Taylor Scarborough myself and Kyle are
gonna play his game I am horrified
because I generally don't know a lot of
things I know I do but I feel like
Taylor's me really good this let's hope
I didn't fly more so but you know you
forget those things you know I'm sorry
but what's that again destiny right
okay I'm stressed if it's anything to
with history or English or math success
or set first
I don't know we do the drama you'll know
the answer oh I'm starting a panic
covers number of time zones in the
continental US
no help I do continental so that doesn't
include Hawaii I do know that but I
think it includes Alaska which i think
is like maybe an hour behind us I'm
gonna go for yes Pacific yeah you can
standard and Central Standard and
mountain time yes yes oh my god I'm so
Stacy North oh oh my is this a while'
question like these have been selected
knowing my weakest no 90 degrees to her
all right
okay which direction is he facing great
question okay don't I'm sweating don't
take this away from me
I was hoping she's gonna turn a bunch of
times read a tweet you say never eat
soggy waffles I said never eat soggy
weak
choose your own adventure Mexico is
bordered on the south by believes and
what other Central American country
Guatemala okay
yeah okay so what we all each have one
right now the common type of radio wave
is referred to
I like this one okay VHF what do the
letters B H F Stanford very high
frequency variable high frequency video
homing frequency aha any relation
between page F and B CH s what was the
first one you like what is the DVD
variable variable high frequency very
you know the common sense I bet you'd
never suspect how many syllables
traditionally occur in the second line
of the haikus haiku you know this no I
don't I don't know what a haiku is
actually how many syllables
traditionally occur in the second line
of a haiku five or seven I'm pretty sure
I feel like we're three seven y'all I'm
kidding indigo what is the largest
species of cat tiger blue my Jaguar in
my head it's a tiger I would also say
the tiger yeah I only know that cuz
Bengal tigers at the biggest level one
of the biggest address yes
which of the following is a homophone
which of the fine homophone sure come
get the true/false question that's not
easy could just say also true in Oregon
is a type of dolphin false it's an orca
whale right I think it's actually true I
was the boss ons tool for you'll spank
bank
I'm sucking oh I could get a fifth
grader up on this couch and
smart young smart these days this was
one of the first original provinces of
Canada leave her this one I bet you I'm
not gonna know original what is the
original means oh okay no might ask the
question this is good British Columbia
which was one of the original promise
apparently there was a different time
frame for some of them British Columbia
I'm going only one of them was the
original British Columbia Alberta our
Nova Scotia I want to say Alberta well
is that what your final words Alberta I
was saying isn't like Alberta's like
we're alarmed with the farming again I'm
not gonna speak anymore because I don't
want to I'm stupid that people settled
fur because of the land I'm right in the
middle though original doesn't mean like
first people got their original means
that is established as a prime estates
we have a sound inside the 13 original
colonies whatever I think you know it's
growing plans this is me yeah broken
what okay it's broken plans on visiting
the three tallest mountains in the world
aren't a minute will she be visiting hmm
Africa it's like Nepal oh yeah get to I
guess yeah
Everest that's it's obviously Asia oh
yeah the biggest mountain is from my
bottom four to my roof my definition the
prison is a solid figure that has how
many congruent bases house congruent can
I get a repetition of the question are
you really think it's a solid figure
that has how many congruent bases scene
I just needed to find congruent okay
what were the what are the three four
six four it's gotta be two because oh
yeah I'm prism yeah prism is like a
little the 3d triangle right yeah so
wouldn't it be one two three four that's
kind of what I was thinking too
it's congruent in the word that f me up
is it like this is one concurrent cuz I
think you use the bad Katy Perry but I
think it's more than what you guys are
saying I thought it was sport because
you can get four triangles come together
and me let me experiment again that's
that's my thinking is that Oh a prism
okay I got it
it's two bases and I managed to take my
goggles and then attached by them
yes genius this is a prism you're at
most a mediocre fifth grader I'll take
it I'm very confident we were sailing
for like longest river in the world
oh no Nile Amazon Mississippi Nile
wikipedia says BAM
really I think it's not oh I know it's
not the Mississippi President not we're
gonna have to google it oh it is Amazon
they're really close though
oh they're like less of an Amazon just
like does this a lot but I'm just there
I feel like someone would have conveyed
that information to us I know the Nile
covers more like actual land okay I was
a slightly a few miles off I'll take the
Yelp I got 50% if you take the square
root of 16 and add it to the square root
of 9 the answer is the square root of
what other number seven fourteen forty
nine what do you weigh waaahh
what so you got three out of four I got
two out of four you got one but I also
had a homophobic question I'm just
saying I'm just I had a false question
if I don't make the good one you won I
did win good job Tara is there final
question to proving a victor or no you
should go one final question one more
round sit first yeah
what did see like a funny one a hard one
okay final question just for kicks and
because you and I are dependent why are
you watch this just one in a time 12
p.m.
handstands 400 oh I know what it is
post-meridian I think it's prime
meridian
primary ins math isn't it no wait don't
say that hosting meridians but I notice
posting post below good job back so we
are I am barely
smarter he is also barely you just you
need to stay in Granger barely I think
are one but you said that three out of
four points greater we got four I also
wanted the final question why I'm just
saying I don't know I think I got my
degree I'm moving up to sister
okay let's have demo question give me a
one more question actually think of one
question give it to that don't google it
don't google it comment below what you
think you're under the sea you are
smarter than a fifth grader the smallest
bone in your body where is it located I
don't even want the name and just where
what region of your body is the smallest
bone in your body located and come close
I want my answer no yes you mix yellow
and red what color do you get what is
the capital of Croatia yeah cuz every
fifth grader knows we're home it isn't
several hours I've done a few things I
couldn't vlog about one was a unicorn
island production meeting one was a
dinner meeting with someone lovely give
me the points also at dinner I had not
one but two glasses of water rang it out
right now right now right now on my own
honestly oh I'm so proud of myself for
this week this week was crazy and I'm
like very looking forward to the weekend
I saw that a lot of work to do back and
chill a little bit
you're like it's so well deserved I need
this breather so bad what to sit here
for hours watch goddamn TV I need some
Lucky Charms don't even try to stop me
okay are you are you ready for this I be
using this vlogging camera for years and
I just discovered that you can zoom like
you're not I just did it okay maybe what
it's not recording I just discovered you
can zoom by using the lens I'm use
discovered for years anyways it's time
to end the vlog how many don't watch the
TV I just watched a little bit on
Netflix and now I'm gonna fall asleep
off watching TV like a Friday night turn
up it's not even done there they took my
weekend full of hustling and a little
bit of exciting stuff stay tuned you'll
see what it is just I can't tell you
guess you've come back
you
