it's so early that is ladies 144 we woke
up at 3:45 I fell asleep at 1:30 I'm on
two hours of sleep and I'm just like
when I land I gotta be go go go who made
this cut was it you who made the
schedule I have no idea we're heading
home to Toronto I'm very excited about
I'm there for like four or five days can
I tell you which is happy I'm happy
at this moment take back everything I
said about Air Canada because homegirl
at Air Canada just now know she would
you make that face or you get on shoot I
got high seat
matter I just ordered every drink on the
planet now anyways back to this Air
Canada for this moment I'm doing about
everything I said the girl okay the
logic turned me on she's okay these
oversized things they're so light so I'm
not gonna charge your oversized I'm like
she did charges that ultimate letters I
am so overjoyed thank you so I'm we're
over and those ladies were thank you
air can today's mission we are gonna eat
some McDonald then we're gonna fly to
Toronto then I gotta go to random host
signs more books then I don't know the
Indian consulate then I got to start my
glam then I gotta do some entries didn't
have my try on show them how much one I
have a party start small that every
moment rest been sleeping where we are
allowed hope and pray that someone to do
my makeup while I'm passed out let's go
when you live in that good life dad good
life though mmm-hmm alright goodness
picture love with this light game what
happen over just five sixty minutes
sixty minutes count goodnight I'm home
times are rough times are I'm tired my
head hurts we all look like we got hit
by 84 trucks
84 trucks times are when you go to a
hotel for three minutes brush your teeth
give yourself some eyebrows uneven and
now you're heading to Random House mine
you cashmere sweater as my initials on
it this is a vibe just quickly changed
and a little tomboy tug ting ah gwaan
with a little bit classiness I guess I
don't know I'm still asleep right now so
I don't really know what's happening
Alice open my eye lash curler slipping
off my I just came up but y'all
everything's going great
my kenan is my favorite territory the
best to work with right here walking
into the Indian consulate pray for me
pray for me
hello everything is going great the
Indian consulate is the bane of my
existence I don't process it's all good
once they discovered I'm superwoman all
things are great before that I got
yelled at and not I kept me calm not
actually you can see that is very good
at keeping me calm I was kind of losing
my mind when she held it down and now
we're heading to Random House to sign
800 books which is going to be fun
because I think with the timing we're
gonna be able to go home and take a nap
or an hour which is crucial since we've
had we've got like no sleep I feeling
seriously yeah I think I've had like 2
hours of sleep so I maybe had 17 minutes
17 minutes very good that is what is
happening India vs. out these shows
maybe because I already have to fly and
I was like can you just give me a 5 to
get this game but can you give me a 5
your visa cuz every year offer fly back
to Toronto to get a visa every single
member accused me five years but
apparently for me to get a five year
visa I don't know why but my parents
have to surrender their Indian
citizenship which by the way they're
Canadian citizens and their Indian
passports are 30 years old and not even
valid apparently they need to surrender
those formally for me to get a five year
business music is fairly me performing
for the next five years is impacted by
my parents Indian passport what the good
news is is lighting was great and I look
great but still it's all very annoying
and I just signed 800 800 book says I
just sign I have not slept and I'm gonna
order food and sleep for 40 minutes
before my hair makeup arrives I am NOT a
human today I'm a robot today so order
food take a nap
I'm getting dead right now by me and
Wonder Wheel too tired and sleep I'm
gonna wide awake i'm walking to plays
like this why do we all here bounce mode
got that hometown swag going on thank ya
you killed it thank you
yeah she ended up my shoelaces so their
properties are a hot mess before that's
true that's true when people don't have
no pride ego that's what's the humble a
fan got this for you they want me to
give it to you turn it around turn the
leg around
hold your no garnet
that's it they got me one too is that
sick shadows whoever done this thank you
oh that's how you know the real homies
they come true like that to come true
you know don't you send you a little bit
of credit sandy sandy :
no sandy probably so sometimes I go and
sing the birthday song what movies have
inspired you I love comedy movies I also
love horror movies movies like
trainwreck I'm a huge Navy Schumer fan
it's such a relatable quality those
movies have or is really laughing all
the embarrassing qualities did you
really last time Anya we don't make all
of it
we're so proud of you yeah
I know it looks very nice always shop it
is becoming 904 coming because I just
thought not that I went New York
yeah the shuttle mission is to kill this
here we go I want to end this mistake
for so you're gonna phenomenal audience
okay that promise is that no matter
which obstacles come our way and there
will be many that you are not gonna
survive life you are gonna conquer life
what's a hometown shelf so mike fine now
much that goes into your winners and I
cannot wait let go and the golden ticket
winners on the stick side we're here the
YouTube space for my after party my
friends on the way it's gonna be sick
net 12 it's an ocean his birthday so we
have a cake for her gonna be sick
let's do it home
look at all this let's get all deal
the video you guys like to show
Oh
Oh
- limb 55 go to be an ocean birthday is
he just playing mad Tunes right now and
I'm very because I'm fire Supergirl
baby yung sit in a chair don't undersell
miss it it's funny
you must know
you so much
I've officially been up for almost 24
hours now but it's okay because my
baby's birthday happy to me
well these people I have murdered we're
at friends duty mac and cheese we're
sure it's the best thing ever and I need
to go to sleep because I need to wait
over 4 hours 9 so sleep-deprived but
it's walking because it's an old shot
happy birthday
no way I am tired right now and feel
like I'm going to die we've been up for
24 hours now we're go to sleep I get to
sleep for 3 hours and 45 minutes again
and I'm gonna die but when the elevator
needs your keycard night party was so
much fun but I'm so glad everything yeah
the party was clearly fun I'm not
missing element or anything I'm just
dying and I need to sleep so let's see
how we did today
the best-selling author I don't be a
bustah New York Times best seller number
two on the list I am thrilled thank you
so so so so so much that is a wonderful
i overjoyed them over the moon I
appreciate you all so much for
supporting me and all of my endeavors it
really really do so you love tonight's
kiss until tomorrow where I'm going to
be equally start you do like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
you're all so even though week one is
done we still try to stay on the list
for week two and three dogs so Lucy's
new book calm was ready to go for my
signatory listen but concise tour why do
you love okay Lilly Singh bow calm
please buy one or two gifts are great
what are you eating but just but the joy
