oh my god lives here oh it is a hot day
in Toronto I'm feeling my soul I woke up
this morning and my left I felt like I
got surgery all over again some drops in
that hope keep an eye on my eyes zing
here's my youth today is surprise party
activation day activation execution know
tomorrow's party Saturday the
pre-production of the party first I got
it print some stuff
DIY some pillows mix all the food and
drinks is on lock all that more nuts do
it sweet boy
Scarborough fell down two stairs today
because he was a little too excited the
sweet boy 9 he's gonna watch you okay
okay now I need you know what you did
okay being such a good boy honestly
loves it here because so much space
trimmer around you like is having the
time of his life so the inspiration for
my dad's party is having go on Lee
singers know quality singers I
remembered this event for members
wedding
we've hired the same singers and
basically I'm trying to create like a
floor Indian Moroccan style vibe so I
gotta get a whole bunch up to decorate
here's the thing though I didn't get
much sleep I don't know what it is I
can't get back I bought the new pillow
and everything in that bedroom for some
reason I've noticed every time I come
here the quality of sleep isn't that
great something about that vent in that
bedroom I think it's because I grew up
here and I started my youtube career
here and so I worked in that room it was
my office and so I just can't turn my
brain off I think that cuz the rant wall
is there like my desk is that I can't
turn my brain off so yeah I don't get
much sleep but yo I woke up real it's
1:30 right now so myself - no because I
bet I woke up and went back to bed and
then you know you know okay let's go yo
check this I just printed my first thing
and when our super Russian I can't show
you everything I'm getting till I get
home but this design this the pledge of
undies it's gonna go towards the undies
that are come to the party there's
things like thou shalt not wash any
dishes thou shalt not start cleaning mid
party all the things to ensure that the
aren't bees have just as much fun as the
uncle do the whole thing super dumb I
want just be so funny I'm pressed for
time I went to three separate spots Home
Depot staples and then I might last up
as Michael so I went to three different
location I come to Michaels in this
Plaza there's a Staples and a Home Depot
schmuck
okay I only got a small fraction done of
what I need to get done but that's
because I had to rush home here's I'm
getting a stage delivered right now cuz
a singers need a stage I'm gonna let
them in through this sweep so we gonna
try to do this as discreetly as possible
okay so the dilemma is the stages here
is way too big look how much space that
takes that's way too big for my basement
gonna have to adjust this my mom is
stressing out
obviously I Center upstairs like you're
not allowed to come back downstairs you
stressing yep just me figure this out so
not figure it out cuz I said I was gonna
figure it out your dog know when I need
something the boy who kidney don't fail
huh today's been a mission trial is not
as lenient with dogs like I went to the
dollar store and this guy would not stop
eating my brain about me bringing
Scarborough into the store I bought
literally one thing my bad though we've
got so much stuff to do so I gotta stuff
30 cushions right now these cushions
right here 30 of them mega thou shalt
not leave the parts but food into Ziploc
containers Torrio
sun-ok 13 bags of stuffing was not
enough so all of these pillows over here
are actually stuffed with cushions from
my real house remember not to give those
ones away or my mom will want me so pain
alright guys not to worry mediocre help
is arrived at me come with me in ten
o'clock on a Friday come with me
yeah what were you gonna do on the white
10 o'clock on a Friday it's several
hours later we got the whole squad here
could this we're getting there slowly
but surely slowly but surely slowly but
surely it was kind of janky right now
what is good it looks fantastic
in a circle rolled in a blanket with
fabric taped on top and then tied at the
ends ghetto ghetto mommy what is the
Punjabi saying you just taught us my mom
a party you know as her children were
slaving away at this and she just walks
into my system shake you're not doing
right - like this mug you don't get to
be the new girl and tell me what this is
there was no my mom said this is a
phrase in Punjabi called leepu 3cv and
it basically means yesterday's ghosts
new ghost doesn't get to ask for half
for the symmetry it's very rich it's
coming along it's coming along coming
along okay it's 2:30 a.m. hello I make
videos and pull all-nighters for
people's birthdays I'm gonna paint and
continues tomorrow I don't think I have
much to end the vlog here so don't
combine two day vlog let go morning it
is the next day I know what you're
thinking yes I'm wearing the exact same
clothes no me just put the finishing
touches on this
from the stage this is the vibes hope I
don't know that are you going to sit on
the floor which is all you have so much
sitting back there but the vibe is
supposed to be that you're sitting on
the floor you have everything you need
you have all your snacks all your drinks
everything you need there's alcohol
literally on every table no I'm not
you're thinking how do house you have so
much alcohol no that I didn't have to
leave my house once if you're brand new
to my blog and you don't know this but
rinnoji you do know this my dad collects
alcohol so this is the bar it's been the
backdrop of a lot of my old videos this
is the bar in my house
so back in the day are you standing for
$10 on the club and do this like this
video you'll get so drunk I'm talking
I'm stupid drunk okay
so it's really helpful I gotta do stuff
like this and booze has gotta flow as
such you and these little toppers right
here I put oh the vibes do you like it
scar but do you think it's pretty as per
usual I'll become the DJ of every party
so I'm just testing out my issue right
here let's see how it sounds
don't let this fool you I actually don't
know how to mix I just like have
different browsers open and then I play
different songs and I fade and fade out
but like I kind of know how to use this
so I like will fade from one thing to
another but that's about it
all right so was running an errand and
I'm pulled him to the side of the road
because I wanted to show y'all some area
this area I'm in right now is called old
Finch now anyone who's on Toronto this
Carver area you know about old Finch
because it's haunted it's legit haunted
one of my friends lives around this area
and there's just so many stories about
this area and the stuff that has
happened for example that there was a
school bus here that crash and so the
spirits of the kids are in this area let
me just show you this thing I don't know
why it's blocked off usually not you can
usually go straight but right now it's
blocked off and they say if you park
your car here at night and you leave it
in neutral your car will get pushed down
the street and apparently if you put
baby powder on your windshield you'll
see handprints it's like a stop I
remember one story I keep telling with
the time I thought I got possessed was
driving down this road at night old
Finch is effed up there's so many
stories and the people I believe it's
true I believe it's true I would not at
nighttime drive down here because we
used to like dare each other when we
were younger like you're like Jerry to
go to opens and pull over man
like to pull your car over and just sit
there in the dark half mother-effing
places and thank God it daily also it's
in Scarborough so Barbara for the first
time ever he officially home baby this
is what you were named after not scary
old Finch but Scarborough your mommy I'm
Hardy and tired okay
welcome home bum bum
there's also always construction and
like I never know what people are
building I was gonna wear my little nose
room right here I first see all my aunt
and uncle's being like ha she moved to
LA and see what happened Blackledge up
the undies has been given shots have
been had it she's about to get popping
here and we're gonna call them in
shortly
that's Carolyn she's here that's Carolyn
I'm gonna go closer Carolyn Carolyn see
look at Carolyn everyone Carolyn
distraction that is you want to say on
behalf of my mom and Tina and me and of
course dad and Scarborough most
importantly thank you so much everyone
for coming to celebrate dad's birthday
so guys with the birthday boy to come
here we want to say happy birthday to
death and thank you for always being the
one person we could always count on to
help with everything and I think you are
nah nah
it was lit I'm pretty drunk
you
