we have no idea what's about to happen
postman's we hustle harder productivity
limbs Here I am back in LA I'm going
going back back to Cali you can't and
we're gonna have such a productive day
it is super Monday and it's gonna be
late here's the mission for today's
travel eating about unicorn I shoot one
video release my videos go to a secret
screening Shh
right sweep one all right script to go
through my inbox look who's back to you
super missed you so much
look it's like a genius takes ad shame
oh my goodness my guy
long time no see long time no see
friends just there's my first meeting
with my head of development Polly she is
so smart honestly every time what I feel
so dumb but I love it cuz I learned so
much I'm just like interesting
development you say huh uh-huh
okay y'all storytime with Luke how we
got home and literally took two days for
us to get home let me tell you what
we've been through over the last 48
hours let us start in the Amazon jungle
because first we took a canoe to a bus
so once we're on the bus we're driving
through the Amazon starting our journey
from the Amazon to Quito our bus after
well basically you get stuck on the
stone road and tell me something we
almost fall off a cliff the one-wheel
was on the side of the road and there
was a hill next to it and a lot of us
were sleeping when this happened so
don't really knew I woke up and I
thought we were just out riding so I got
off the bus and I was like what is going
on why are we in the middle of the woods
jump why is there we like indented
brightness for Helena oh my gosh like we
also went up the side we were literally
like up and so the bus was going off the
cliff Marshalls like stop yeah we get up
obviously I'm sleeping inside peacefully
just like I don't know if I guess the
bus is merely a mother and cliff you
starting yesterday's long you saw your
Cubase
so then we move the stones we find
another car we do a whole rope thing we
get the bus unstuck only to drive 2
seconds and what happens well we told
the car to go and the car that was
towing us out left and immediately
afterwards the best sake can we get
stuck again so like ok this time we're
gonna unstuck the bus and the bus just
drove all the way up the road so never
write me after the bus in the Amazon
jungle it's a small fraction of the
journey we finally get to the airport
mr. flight you're missing a key part
right there was a very sharp turn and a
ditch that the driver couldn't avoid now
at this point everyone is dead asleep in
the bus so everyone woke up literally
mid-air as we're going through this
ditch minute tell them where you were
sitting so I was in the very front of
the bus still I awake in the middle of
the air I confused as to what's going on
next to David who was next to me also in
the air also waking at mid sleep I am in
the very the very back of the bus
sleeping horizontally that's getting the
most impact so I literally go up in the
air probably hit the roof of the bus
honestly and smack down against the
floor if you don't believe me you're
gonna have to see my underwear for a
second you ready for this
that is my bruise amongst my stretch
marks it's like art i slam to the bottom
of the bus we get to the airport we miss
our flight
begging screaming pull your hair we get
on a flight flowers leader finally get
to Quito alright we spend the day in
Quito and then we're like okay now it's
team supers turn to go home we're going
home now so we get on our little car we
go to the airport our first sled is
delayed two and a half hours like okay
we land in Colombia for our stopover I'm
like running to make our flight on it
there's no way for us to make our flight
it is left it is gone no no no that's
that's not what happens we land we land
and immediately we were like asking like
okay where's Los Angeles go and then
people were like to come over here come
into this line immediately putting us
next like a desk clerk which isn't a
good sign search okay now we have to
like get a new flight you only find out
later the flight had not left yet right
so after they told us there's no
possible way to get on the flights
already left I got a notification in my
phone but said the flight was delayed
anyway so we would have made it see you
mother
Janka air
like screwing us over okay so then we're
stranded in Colombia for the night the
only flight that leaves is the next day
so we're like god damn y'all wanted that
relaxing Sunday work okay fine so now we
have to leave the airport and go into
our hotel for the night the algae on gut
Fu is giving us okay here's the tea
though Canadians have to pay a fee to
enter Colombia so here I am not even
wanting to be there but I having to pay
$70 here's the realty you can't pay in
Canadian dollars so they removers want
to screw over Canadians and everywhere
pay a fee to get into Colombia to go to
the hotel I don't even want to go to
because I want to be home I walk back to
the team not like yo my life is so hard
only for Kyle why trucks what with a
real gay brokens passport was effed up
the whole trip why okay just a tiny
little corner and the top right why has
a little tiny bite mark in it for my
daughter okay the whole trip it's been
like a stress wreck one bench meeting
the whole corner of the whole like a
little bit of a problem I'm not really a
big deal except in Colombia where we
don't even want to be not that we don't
want to be don't want me going home
Brogan doesn't get into Colombia they
were like hell no there's a send wreath
over who speaks fluent Spanish with Kyle
to go try and negotiate and they're like
no like you're not going to talk to her
they're like there was a distance
between Brogan Reef and Kyle they would
not like Brogan stays at the airport for
how many hours like 20 20 hours finds a
flight up we're in this Colombian hotel
we bring in the next day wake up a hotel
I want to include a side bar in here
okay oh it just like just cherry on all
of this okay Colombia stupid rule we're
about town
whereas we'd spent a long trip we're
doing some work and we're all like you
know let's get a drink
I just wanted a drink there's a bar in
the lobby and again nudie I went and
asked earlier I was like hey do you
still be any alcohol in Spanish and I
thought I was translating poorly because
the guy was like no we're have any
alcohol here I was like okay I must just
be deal with this later then reef came
over he goes hey they just told me it's
a dry bar there's like no alcohol there
was it what the heck is this and the
reason is next day was voting so I've
experienced this and a lot of countries
or if there's a vote the next day they
don't let people drink but here's the
real no one told me we're letting people
drink
yes also reef and I got in trouble
because we took a beer out of the
mini-fridge of the room and brought down
the lobby and a guy came up this was
like you need to eat out of here right
now
so they went to the rooms alone and
raesha weird but that single tear with
their cans of your Lobster extra on the
way home we again almost missed our
connection because the connections are
too tight finally got home two days
later this has been a long segment of
long but that is what we've been going
through and even still even still we're
here today about to shoot a video why
heme on point in my team we go to trip
to Ecuador go to amazing jungle my life
so hard my boss break down I'm missing
fly on aeroplane in sky I am so sad in
my life so hard shut up bloody market
you want to know hard life let me tell
you hard life ok
I made munchies on my wedding day ok I
look at you - a Jew so disappointing
when are we going to spend the rest of
our lives together then I give a birth
to two kids ok you and your dumb head
sister ok both you take 30 20 hours to
come out ok then I come to Canada ok I
fit two years without you dare I come to
Connecticut dog no English have to find
a new job all these white people selling
multivariant jingles or head huh and I
have to say shut your bloody mouth ok
then I have to work 12 jobs ok have to
make 24 roti or just for your stupid dad
that's right you telling me your life
Jordan like hard shut your bloody mouth
ha also leave you watching next time
please take me Ecuador ok thank you so I
got a package in the mail
and it looks expensive says coach no
email or no nothing heads up as to what
business I have ceiling
the unsub sites dude these pieces with
you for my new collaboration coach had
so much fun designing them and I hope
you'll have fun wearing them - Selina if
it's the one from her Instagram picture
it's lit it is okay look at this how
dope is that freaking fire Oh some bad
fire F in flames
oh okay there details of Selena Gomez
details it's clothing it's clothing out
to medium she knows you got needs to
pull a good job Selena I don't own a
single piece of designer anything by the
way clothing wise she does what not that
I've ever bought though I'm not buying
either but so not perfect always me
don't shooting our video for today only
this show you know this reminds me of
reminds me a few days ago when I got
surprised at my house
I mean yeah I think Nick is so shy
honestly love his Energy's never frazzle
always chill he's always a calm just
being around him I'm always like
everything's gonna be okay but he should
honestly go to like places where people
are stressed think I just walk in and be
like everything and everything to be
like right okay did you expect it
no they're like you should look like a
little decent and dance and was like
maybe change your shirt cuz was like a
branded terms like okay it has to be
something we're like I can't wear coffee
written stuff so first I was like is
doing coming to my house a Selena and
then it was another thing about like I
started wanna throw up and then I was
like it's a reality show like Bella
Twins I'm like no no buncha stuff did
not expect big Jonas I mean I'm
president surprised I'm very happy I
love Nick and you also see what's new
done just get together so what he did
bring me a salad so three stars make
sure you get Nick Jonases new single
he's a good man possible burger grilled
cheese version I'm serious the best
thing he's like just in Syria
that's so good no sprinkle at the Jonas
toss to mr. Jonas
my stupid team I knew something was
happening but I never in a million years
guessed it was that freaking my GJ jeez
Nick Jonas holding it down for me
alright y'all I am headed to go do
something really really special I'm
about to go watch the pilot of Bright
Futures
aka my show that did not get greenlit
I've not seen it I'm so nervous I've
also instructed my team that no one else
can come and do this alone so let's go
ok I'm here I'm gonna have this
experience I'll report back ok I watched
it it was such an emotional experience
it's a nerd but I was like pausing
rewinding I wanna maintain with a few
tweaks if I was editing it I would do a
few tweaks to it but I'm gonna maintain
that that show should have got
mother-effing made it's funny man it's
freaking funny I'm actually really proud
of my performance in it - I was being
super Kurt and held in my chair - me my
chair movie was super like critical of
myself when anyone else or I was
watching myself perform and I was like I
look like I'm in my element so I'm very
proud of my performance Ballmer didn't
get made bummer it's not gonna get made
but I was quite the magical experience
Oh got myself some Shaun totaled bolt
wolf and I'm gonna release today's video
today's video I freaking love it is it
famous rappers were schoolteachers
essentially every time I do one of these
like musical passion projects the breeze
I'm really excited about they usually
don't do that well in terms of views but
I do not care because I freaking love
them I'm so proud of this video ok watch
this video like a hundred times I love
it so so so much comment below let me
know what was your favorite policy
Kendrick Lamar was it cardi B where the
DJ Khaled it was a Drake also what the
hell is hep back from you know what I
forgot I was wearing eyeliner and rub my
god damn I love it so much a few shadows
for humble to pull up because when I
couldn't go that low with my voice if
you listen very carefully you can hear a
little bit of him underneath my vocals a
leader Ronnie - Ronnie bros always
killing the sound mixing especially when
I can't sing and I'm also like so proud
because I did write every word of this
myself it's so like good job kind of
guys guards emotional moment emotional
mother moment Scarboro outgrew his first
harness it was an extra-small into the
bottom small I know what you're thinking
and nope I haven't fixed that yet it's
okay we friends so for the night we got
inbox with blonde script - as get to
work
Hey hey mom I wasn't doing anything
woo almost done writing my script it is
1111 make a wish just kidding work for
it
okey-dokey welcome my inbox finish my
script my second script I got the beats
down imma format it tomorrow morning it
is 11:25 I'm gonna go to bed and wake up
early to get a head start on my day
let's say we did shots to everyone that
showed my video love I'm meeting so many
comments but on Instagram it's almost
already out of million views mister
Brandis days if used to be killing over
YouTube but yo everyone's just saying
amazing things about her and I'm so
happy for this one my passion projects
and usually doesn't do good but I think
it's gonna do good so thanks bye
you
