welcome back slaves in Gaza we offer
hard a product if you leave strangers
our last days real lasting it's our last
day here at the Mingo Lodge in the
middle of the Amazon rainforest tomorrow
we are going to quito it's our last day
here and I'm so sad and emotional but
also I've just like I learned how to be
scared constantly of spiders we have a
very very exciting day planned very
exciting it's much exciting no smog
igniting let me tell you all about it
here's the mission for today's you for
visiting a cacao farm and making our own
chocolate everyone go visit some shamans
and do some spiritual rituals yeah we
got weapons training after that does a
few surprises in store that we know
nothing about what the surprise I do
know for you is I got big news
let's do it most importantly though I'm
not wearing a bra there's two different
things though there's cold coffee and
there's cold brew cold coffee is just
made out of espresso machine poured over
ice shaken like made cold you think the
coffee's garbage it's the best advice
you can never get because you can
increase when you go to the market but
stuff like that prices are always what
do you think at the lowest wage firemen
of course and this is not different in
equity I am a farmer you spend all day
picking the beans and there is worse
than spiders snakes all of the same mm
for the price of hundred pounds coffee
beans was 50 cents so as I'm walking to
the port right now where we load onto
the boat I wanted a little bit of
reflection because yesterday I had a
traumatising experience when I went on
the night hike and I saw mr. t I know it
was in yesterday's vlog and I was like
very adamant on having a warning before
that showed on screen because I know if
I was watching something and I saw the
damn screen I would freak out so I'm
never watching that log to be honest but
I will say when we got to the top of a
viewpoint no Michelle was playing some
really dope slow music and I was
freaking out are we really still in the
middle of it I was freaking out after
taking a few deep breaths looking at the
stars listen to this music I was able to
get myself into a really deep meditation
and I actually calmed down for a second
rose legs fine I'm invincible right now
I'm one with everything right now it's
okay obviously on the walk back I
freaked out all over again
point I'm making is a lot of things are
mental and I know this I know me being
scared of spiders is all mental I know
that one step at a time but I am gonna
say I reach this deep level of
meditation where I was able to just be
very still and not let things affect me
and my being inside so think about if
you really stress for slow look where we
are
I'm so glad you guys are on this journey
with me but if you are really stressed
and really anxiously scared about
something your mentality and your mental
state your spiritual state can honestly
impact so much to take some deep breaths
listen to some calming music Center
yourself the power of that is amazing my
dad says he has a gift for me every one
baby is it a hug better than a hug what
could be better than a hug like oh dami
marshall has super deep conversation
yesterday and other people were
mistaking them for like arguments but
wasn't argument he beat it was just I
like debating I like learning other
perspectives so that people can also
show me perspective that maybe I'm like
oh yeah I'm wrong and I never thought
about her like that and so I like when
people open up my mind like that how
about if nobody's wrong yeah what if
there's just different I believe there's
some circumstances where there's
definitely wrong but I believe if not
everything is wrong all right yeah
you're wrong yeah she's about to float
down the river but I thought I'd sit
right here on the edge of this boat next
to the river to do some self-reflection
or something backwards there we are
so I'm notoriously always late for
things so you knows I'm always late for
my meetings I'm running 50 minutes like
20 minutes late I'd never leave on time
so a long time ago Taylor called me out
about this and I love that I love when
people look at me and you got this say
what you mean don't say it means he's
just like yeah always late and you're
like you always have a reason to be late
I'm like oh my god I do do that so I've
tried to improve I'm still kind of late
in la olla but this trip I've made it a
point to be on time for every activity
neither the first person here I'm one of
the first people here just because I'm
like y'all this is a perfect opportunity
for self-improvement and I recognize
that flaw within myself and I want to
improve it and so I'm doing active steps
hopefully this carries through to LA in
here but I'm really working on it so
your self-reflection it's very deep blog
self-reflection self-improvement you'll
never finish that journey you'll never
be like I'm perfect and the best I can
be perfect is not the goal also but I'm
the best I can be I have no room for
improvement there's always room for
improvement
I'm just feeling spiritual today yeah I
think it's being one with nature
look at all this I'm just I'm just
feeling it reflect what could you
improve
take active I think Marshalls dying
Garbi I believe that the heart will but
harder Oh
or forward so sick about that that you
still lost a monopoly deal
so welcome to our brand-new we
agricultural learning center here one of
the first groups here to visit farm
first part of this will be kind of
touring the the ALC that we are a
cultural learning center then wound up
inside our new kitchen where we can make
our own chuggabug so cultural learning
center where they teach farmers how to
create sustainable crops so not just one
type of crop but various crops that
gives them a more steady income
throughout the year it also teaches them
how to make their crops last longer and
be better and we have higher quality so
that they can charge more for them so
just it's a resource for farmers help
them with our income generally their
life and we're also going to turn some
cacao beans into chocolate mmm
christmas came early fam it's like the
toothpicks always having my mouth to
send a mini ones are the same thing must
be Max's yeah okay check this out this
small little flower comes this cacao and
four months
and I also look at just go straight of
the trunk there's no like I just saw
I've never seen cooking go like this
before
Romans asking all the questions cuz
she's gonna go home be like well my plan
my first cacao tree few farmers talk to
them they'll say oh yeah my cacao it
sucks it's not producing anything it's
because they just don't have the
knowledge management of this crop from
what I understand the word Mingo which
is a larger thing and mingle lodge is
all about community working together to
accomplish a common goal on this tree
there's a whole bunch of ants that are
carrying the tiny pieces of leaves all
the way down
so when there's two majors in one area
and they're super crowded what I've
learned is that the trees don't produce
as much and they're not optimal so
they've got this fungus that grows on
the trees that's important to control
and make sure the crop down the sunlight
and up space all this sign so this is
art and science combined is what makes
white chocolate which is my favorite
type of chocolate also learn it's most
funny most fatiah strictly fat details
little details we all make some
chocolate we here you can see you and
you guys can help me some of these cacao
beans 35 we want to make sure we get the
defective we are sorting through the
cacao beans find out which ones are
defective and we're moving them so it's
only quality chocolate were making here
step 2 roasting got all these in there
usually when I'm roasting things I
usually stop hot fly out of my butt
so cooling here
depending on to youtube videos like
chocolate bar dang so conching is
spinning it so that's no longer big
particles gets smooth and we've added
sugar and cacao butter so it should be
less bitter Wow don't cry but this is
really tricky put some nibs in you I'm
not allowed people to food videos but I
really ever seen a video where someone
goes right from the cacao to chocolate
every step I'm crazy mole we're using
chocolate
because I shake them all wait wait wait
we've been busy
what did this flower call Heliconia
Heliconia has many uses decorative maybe
you need it I wouldn't you wouldn't eat
it you know what you can do with it you
can just give yourself an elf makeover
though oh we're missing one accessory
you have never looked better
okay so in first thing the chocolate is
cooling right now but I have big news
you know my birthday is coming up
September 26 by the way no big deal
September 26 no big deal and this year
for the third time I'm honored and
privileged to do another birthday
campaign with we but it's changing it's
not the same this year not only will the
impact go towards girls in Kenya
receiving education girls in Ecuador and
girls in India and those three places
Kenya Ecuador in India it will help
girls gain access to education Oh
unflattering shot I'm sorry not only
will there be Rafiki but there'll also
be a necklace so we're necklace and
bracelet each of them come in two pieces
because the idea is to give one away to
a friend and share a girl love with that
friend I have not seen them yeah I've
gotten a lot of printouts I went through
the design a lot you know me anything
that has my brand on it I'll change that
color let's change that I don't like
that let's do that I love that so I've
been very involved in the design process
but I haven't seen the products yet
until now because Kyle bringing up the
product that we just received
straight from Kenya the product seems
straight from Kenya to Ecuador they're
still made by the moments in Kenya so
here's the vibe these are the two
rafiki's one says girl love and one has
the little girl of charm on it
the idea is take one and keep it so the
idea here is they connect because the
heart and the logo is on this Rafiki so
they're connected and they separate if I
give someone what is it figures you
better believe you important and you
will Queen Sokka this is - what is wrong
but that the idea you share them with
your friends
oh my god I'm loving the necklace yeah
it's the girl up logo again same concept
as RPGs
although and the heart separates so
singing one thing bringing you into and
you gift it and you don't get them
tangled like that I'm so special I love
it in the length of it oh what's the
whole vibe you'll be able to get these
from my birthday their babies and exes
and you know exactly what the proceeds
go if you watch my vlogs if you don't
I'm happy to teach you one all day long
because I believe in this cause truly
and that's why I put so much of my
promotional power behind it because I
choose what I want to support and this I
chose this and I just think you like you
know what I am a queen and empower women
empower themselves you can also just
wear box just like you don't know you
can wear both so now I gotta spread some
girl up I'm so inspired by you and I
know in my heart that you're gonna help
the community and achieve whatever you
want to achieve I know for sure that you
will you have to make sure you stick
together because there's strength and
sisterhood so I have something for you
to remind you you see what's happening
here I just saw that Brogan is wearing
the other half of mine and now we're
connected brodien oh there's not happy
you know how I know I've hugged them
many times but this hug was different
when they hug me I like they they said
where were like this
honestly the chef here at mingle odd his
presentation is off the hook can we just
talk about this right now like this is
insane this guy right you're amazing
please come home with us my god
surpassed challenge also I didn't vlog
one from this morning so give me another
one another one something never changed
country to country we're in my new pants
we are heading to visit some shaman
jungle I need to like blend and I need
to bring out my lioness you know I'm
saying let's do it done lioness all
right
it's about weapons training right now
now that we're all calm we're gonna
leave the yard war gonna do spears and
something called a blow dart which is
this long haul of thing and you put a
little pointy thing and you blow hard
enough where the arrow comes out which I
don't comprehend
we video below dart and bros like I
don't think I do this nail papaya one
time that is literally straight my show
got me this gift from where what he kept
telling you how to get to knows like
what does he get me this is dope it's
like a flower girl is dope as hell
thanks my show this mean we're married
down Lily like no it is not y'all right
for this group of kids from them or
neighbor community Calvin Tania and they
have something special for us tonight
sign of beauty in the Amazon is the hair
how long is your hair that something
about you senseless like
what what an amazing end to an amazing
day I cried during reflections talking
about my team because I'm obsessed with
them I love them so much and there was a
lot of tears it was beautiful
the Shami experience was so cool a lot
of people got emotional and I'm a big
believer of meditation and I'm a big
believer of meditating however you think
is right for you I don't think there's a
right or wrong way I meditate and I
gotta take a really deep meditation I
went to a deep place where I was laying
aside my body super still it was
beautiful after I was done I was like
wow I feel like some part of me has been
awakened and some part of me has been
still at the same time just so so cool
so that was super dope it is amazing
we're leaving tomorrow morning I'm so
sad when back to Keita for one day also
we still need some videos out here so so
but there's a video did go out weird
things I have a new school check out the
description if you haven't already tells
mom
you
