you're past it you are honestly it's
6:45 a.m. in the Amazon rainforest let's
go for a morning hike these little
monkeys are so cute they're so small and
they look like little people and they
just jump from one tree to another with
complete choice just like so how do you
feel this morning after having eaten the
maggot last night
you know honestly I think my stomach is
better than ever I recommend it to all
in case you for some insane reason don't
know what I'm talking about check this
out can you imitate the birds here's the
best your ability okay
they literally sound like card easily
trap word you know did you pay for it to
look closely - that's what this legit
sounds like ok so we're using some bread
- what does that came in an alligator
right yes we're going to yeah
to set everything likes carbs I think so
the caiman is right there we're trying
to get him or her here apparently
there's a very large perhaps mr. t over
there all looking at it I'm over here
like no absolutely not it is a mr. t
hell mother effing no no crazy mother
effing white people I tell you he's in
the middle of the rainforest tell me if
you can hear all these noises
that's right and I'm just getting
started
my god what you book that bo-buddies
trouble alright I know it's a little bit
later in the vlog but if you lived here
it is about 9:30 a.m.
I'm did I redid some of my braids I did
my makeup we are here in the Amazon
rainforest in Ecuador here's a mention
for today's you we're visiting a farmer
to see a day in the life of someone that
lives in the rainforest we're visiting a
community and most importantly we're
gonna learn learn learn all that more
let's do it
slash 1.0 got the yellow bandana yellow
fanny pack yellow boots it's about to be
a whole mood out here in amazon also
important question is it possible for
the human race to ever put on sunscreen
and not taste it in their mouths because
every time put on sunscreen I can really
put on sunscreen on my toe
I'd be like is that something gonna
taste so we're literally going right
across the river just floating across
the river we started there and we're
going there farmer he's been living in
the Amazon for many years been an
advocate for access to clean water
so in Kenya we do something similar a
water walk this is a little difference
at stake such a little more comfortable
walking 500 meters which is how many
miles it's a lot it is hot let's go
I'm at home I complain a lot about
walking down the stairs to my foot to
get water
you know that I'll empty to everyone who
dude am I the only super person here if
there's a coconut on the ground it'll
sprout into a tree
you knew this no you didn't there's no
way you knew this why me why are you
singling me out I felt like you had to
buy Bobby here you would you you would
say you're an expert in these things
right I okay great that's a plantain
okay it's not a banana it's not of
another so now is this green line right
no the green ones so we should eat those
yeah because what is this what about
that's chot that's on the table there so
I haven't seen my face yet but I think
someone's was a happy face I think
there's like like triangles maybe it
says like Queen right here maybe there's
like whiskers yes I think all right I
got it good inspiration for this piece
is to capture her inner beauty and bring
a little bit of India to Ecuador that's
that's my inspiration so the inspiration
here was give the dancers the punch
Donna and that's what I did here which
is like a five dollar India this is her
inner beauty coming out here spiraling
and this is just so L a superwoman Jesus
I love silver head what she said I want
a little chick gonna see everything I
got Scarborough animals have
increasingly become important to me no
it's have a critical because I hate
spiders I'm working on it
but I love all animal it'll check a
little baby chick but I have her she's a
little chick
oh wow that was a big hot the farmer was
so just like genuine warm and welcoming
I was like let's see Clinton's house and
he's like so willing to tell stories you
get the heart-wrenching and it's like
cool for the sake of education there's
sweat everywhere life is about moments
like this because tailored I've played
deal a lot well we're about to play
Monopoly deal here and I'm gonna say
this is a new win that's a big win when
we do things like this we meet girls
like this we know everything's gonna be
okay because these girls are so strong
and they're so smart and they really
care about the community they can do
whatever they want to do and they should
never think otherwise they will achieve
whatever they want to we are a way to do
something so exciting I cannot like so
we are back at the office to the place
we visited yesterday but we're gonna
learn something new today States these
ladies that are behind me right now they
are the leaders
lovely and they're basically stripping
the leaf away to get the fibers and they
use that to make jewelry this string is
that I'm shook they who discovered this
who discovered who was like I'm gonna
strip away his leaf and use this and
turn to this that's next little
resourceful
okay yep nice we stand and try to
respawn Bionic speed just garfish Thanks
they wash them they caught them on the
strings and then they start to share
them when you're literally irrigating
part of this place part of their commune
of the most important scenes are they
Happold honor Maura this is the seed of
sloth in good energy for them natural
seeds natural fibers so majorly guys
you're taking part of this jungle with
you thank you see everyone and I did get
one so that means a friends now so I
gifted my new friend here oh thank you
from Kenya and she gifted me a bracelet
that she made in Ecuador now we're
bonded and United from life
think that what you do will be stories
and really encourage people to try this
thing as a woman and so practicing women
taking charge and leadership in the
community to make a difference and I
know that your difference will go very
very far and make a big impact there's
nothing that girls can't do no matter
what anyone tells you you help so many
communities and you make so many
bracelets and you make the biggest
difference I want you to come to our
home so we can welcome you here by hours
of experiments in space confirm the DSM
- maybe the Grabbe you're buying days
weeks and months of work no contrast and
of course you're not just buying a thing
except on ground oh no to the chorus oh
you are buying a piece of heart is
moving to Olivia and moments of life
the exact same thing because I'm in the
we store right and I see you know I love
wearing these earrings I get them from
Amazon right now I get them in every
color from the Amazon
oh god I don't know how these mother
effers convinced me to go on this night
hike we bought to walk through the
Amazon at night where you can't see what
the f is about to eat you are just down
to whole drink double shot vodka
this whole goddamn thing
God walks with me God is my friend no
you don't need to watch it it's far away
she's good where you're past it you are
honestly I think we're in a different
way trash I cried my god back through
that trash to get back no no no no you
better build the elevator right here I'm
away right here does no no no I saw I
saw a freaking saw grow every day okay
you're doing great we're almost back
there's nothing in it you're sweating
let's do the know this is a bad idea
right for Lily yep double shot but like
the 3d
you
