whoa because we're the skin color it
doesn't mean we're the same yeah our own
can you cover me yeah let's go this is
our Sun News Club right and I don't know
if it's gonna work out because hey I
don't know if y'all know this person
okay V I know you like this person and
see I don't know if y'all want us to
club so I'm not really sure because I'm
not anyone finding one article have not
a single person I heard one in my comics
want us to kill em I don't know come
not me not every single comment I guess
ya know you know tell me I don't look
like you at all but God never never why
don't the same your mother different
part of the planet he's different parts
of the planet a shiny top don't want
sentimental later
okay trust me I Drive the weight I love
you Matt no seriously though she listen
I'm so happy for your success thank you
I'm gonna go take my eggs okay do one
more rap scene right now when we're
shooting outside and it's really cold so
I'm a team shot is about that's not
water but yeah yeah I'm just having some
water bro come on you drinking water
again
so you guys are like no they didn't I'm
about to be oh man i'ma go over there
come up behind her and grind on her
booty while she danced with your friends
girls love that can you come up sooner
so I say huh clubbing never again right
away be like yo cuz I have like an
awkward pause therefore they don't be
open you guys any words to say about
Lilly Singh and how amazing she her
outfit was great attitude right oh yes
she's a boss on set right right she
commands it right she knows what she
wants
bye guys I don't know if you see this or
if the internet ceases but you are just
saying my comments had to be fun in with
anyone's name I wanted to be yours but I
want to be yours oh wait a dream came
true it already no just two girls doing
their eyebrows nothing to see here
about the full transformation yeah so
right now I'm a white guy who's got some
dark eyebrows are there are you doing to
brown on just jamming yeah yeah I'm a
little boy who hasn't hit puberty yet
Byron Oh chicks you just like yeah I
like it
not to laugh you're so funny genius put
it somewhere some pointing somewhere
dude you got to go see this collab man
she killed it dude this was a freaking
honor thank you oh you are wonderful
a year and three months or four months
ago second OVA in 2010 and I was like yo
and then tell me like the only brown
girl and I'm like too proud that I'm not
the first and last what that is up in
the place
what's up go straight up we understand
I'm a retard that's why you guys rolling
are you rolling
is it rolling still plays you be
laughing and we very greatest still
particle see that what was my motivation
I was upset that's why thank you
okay okay good girl pot good night
okay goodnight nut okay Google still
party city dump egg no series a poem
okay Donna stand by stand by my place
stand by please released it stand by
piece for our day please thank you so
very good little bit stunned by this
much enjoy bye bye it's 2016
