welcome back music we also harder
productivity lives here I woke up and
this pimple had not one not two but like
three whiteheads TMI I'm so sorry that
pop day I had to it was one of those
situations you're like okay so now like
Oh in this you can't really see it
another does it's huge and I got two
videos to shoot today
which means when those main channel
videos come on be like I don't even see
that bombarding know what you're talking
about
here's the video today's to video one to
video to record some raps I keep saying
that but you'll see what go through my
inbox already a lot of things so let's
do this water is it tag away we're going
through some of the comments yes I read
comments I might not respond to all
comments but I read the comment a lot of
people under the vlogs are like oh she's
so excited about life and like she have
so much energy and honestly I can only
break it down to this I just make a
decision every morning like yo I'm gonna
just put my energy into everything I'm
gonna make the best of everything today
I have that top myself B they're gonna
shoot you're not fun well you have shoes
you're gonna be fishing when you should
I commit to those decisions just saying
those things out loud is why I have all
this energy like I know you think on the
vlog but to a certain extent yeah but
even off-camera when I'm with my team I
am very like who's not having fun let's
do it you gotta bring the energy in your
day found what's the point your day is
up to you it's not up to him her they or
what no it's up to you make the decision
and commit you want to be late you want
to have energy do it in case you didn't
think Reef was hot before goals goals
goals baby baby we just get about
assembly in assembly
someone and we make of all these cool
things like these are disks that are
gonna be inserted we got labels with our
label maker it's a production Fang and
you know this is all this chains this
seed creativity on a Honda the best
number one I really like I wrote last
night now is like cracking up so I hope
the final result is as funny in video as
it is in my brain now we're going to
video number two round plane not one not
two not three not four not five not six
not seven I dunno yeah any other
youtuber right now would name this a
time I got six tattoos please note that
I'm not gonna do that
he always knows it's me doesn't matter
what we what beard rescue little ball he
always knows he knows his mommy in the
moment the plastic is still on it
did they did
this is just fantastic scene where's
John 4:7 push their name Bob musical
ball my name is Bob I need some shoes
that make me feel honors I come with G
cortezes Hills of Cortez with that we
discussed that these laces are too long
and those are gangster shoes like ogres
yep she's from Orange County
legit gags issues like Tim's Timberland
that's what I need
what kind of gangster gang no yes from
the hood yes yes you think gags is me
wrong like that what kind of person
wears this shoe me like it I like the
neck tattoo I might get a small one here
for me I really like I think is really
cool right fire
somebody will take tattoos I'm gonna
leave a very stirring comment on this
video let everybody know my outrage Oh
Yoko a lot right he's coming up I think
it's stuck forever like it literally
doesn't come off at all
I'm alright so you're okay with it yeah
all right well I just like seriously
wrong I'll be able to any part of you
we both I know I wasn't messed up myself
makeup on from all the dudes I dressed
up as and there's people it's faint
enormous we're gonna open P o box
gifts letters that y'all sent me if you
watch my vlogs regularly
sure but what you should actually would
you should by the way you know that a
little while ago I opened a peel bar
I've gotten so many things has not been
that long I'm excited to open all the
things for him and do this to anyone
that took the time and effort to send me
anything that is very sweet and I
appreciate there's like a hundred other
things you could do that are much more
important than I have never this is the
big statement about to make see this
type of skittle before and that's sweet
he foodie flavors the spicy kick
skittles what the actual F of it I'm you
to hold on a second
oh this is nice holy crap thank you
Keynes I appreciate this so much
oh my god these are these are awesome
unicorn mail the extra effort scissors
signs on where to cut what is it Oh
stickers I love it's a swell bottle I'm
getting to help me drink water but I
won't lie this is fabulous a fabulous
person would own this I mean just look
can you take a moment me what are you
doing
me oh I'm just drinking from my fabulous
designers from the bottle I thought the
colors almost matched your office Oh
real one
Matilde thank you so much Matilde just
spoiling me what that I don't deserve
any of this
wow dude this is like made by someone I
love that guys don't from Amanda thank
you so much gonna read all of these
letters after and I keep going okay
there's already something in here that
is for your girl of plans thanks for
being a voice that is so awesome I love
notebooks and pens and stationery so
just but also for future accomplishments
Oh
the wallpaper in my office you guys are
insane I can't find this stuff thank you
oh my god
don't go spray it on my desk magic
everything this is her Nina team super
New York by the handle I love to relax
during stressful moments I love candles
thank you okay
now if you know even one thing about me
you know I love sticky notes so you know
couldn't you go to anything their
accessories their earrings are
everything to remember what you've
accomplished empowered women empower
women wall calendar no sewed
occasionally was sewed up I was shut up
I'm gonna shut your mouth first of all
that's so dope you guys know me so well
like there's not a single thing I get
from like oh this of course well
everything is like accurate y'all buy me
better gets to my friends and family
straight up straight up that's cuz you
are my friends and family next
Teletubby Barney vibes Rachel sent me
her new novel i'ma check this out this
next one is from Marci that's you a
Marci sent me bath balm okay Jory toured
y'all remember I lived by these live and
I actually don't have a single one in my
house so thank you oh he's gonna love
this he loves things I'm gonna love this
she's gonna love you does not have a
unicorn Toria thank you so much face
mask god yes coloring book quotes to
color oh you know I love me a good
coming book pack of gum have you been
dude Haley thank you so much the super
got gum in here dog treats Rachael Ray
Rachael raped my dog this fabulous toy
Scarborough you are so spoiled my son I
mean I'm down you know I'll wear my own
face because I don't listen I got a
blanket which is so perfect because
Scarborough keeps throwing up on all of
mine and I don't do my laundry so the
more blankets the better night okay
thank you a piece of Louisiana it's
always keep she said represents me
perfectly cuz I'm spicy or maybe why
don't you can wear oh that's a whole
contact
a silver logo and it says hustle harder
from farina
that is bond as hell thank you so so
much I also got a whole bunch of letters
and I'm sure fan I'm going to go through
thank you so much that when took
handwritten letters that's a special
stuff ever even you typed it looks like
something custom I appreciate that this
is from Britain because you are you know
toffee krisp
outfit let's just King up another
segment mug shop macaroni cheese pasta
you can put in a mug holy crap I've
never seen anything that is more me in
my entire life I don't know what you
tried these are not but I hope there's a
few new things love from NEX thank you
so much i'ma gain ten pounds cuz you and
I like it my brother-in-law sat on it
and broke it and now I have another one
it is an inflatable unicorn party -
thank you so much this was my furniture
when I first moved inside never couch I
use this as a soap thank you so much as
this yeah it's an anonymous person this
is amazing I'm not going away by how
would you guys care about things like
this I obviously care about but you take
the effort to like go somewhere buy
something light something fold something
saying something said something it's
like a whole thing thank you so so much
if you enjoyed this thing let me know
below and I can do more of it I'm about
to go show off all my stuff to my team
now y'all basic I'm amazing guess what
gistic skyrunner water pebbles a
stranger he doesn't like going on walks
like other dogs but when he knows we're
going back home for him so now that
we're done say shoot I gotta prep for
tomorrow shoot and go through my inbox
daily of another double shoot tomorrow
and it's gonna be a little hard cuz its
music related so to get to work finish
writing now we record
spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler
alert any time I tried to remake a Drake
song it's so hard cuz Drake's voice goes
solo like a really manly low voice he
has and I can't go that low so I gotta
go high but then I can go like I can't
sing so that doesn't work so I usually
get humble to do the super low voices so
there's an undertone of that you can't
really hear but it helps like guide the
song so I think I'm gonna need him to do
that because I can't be I can't be like
going that low
okay just finished recording my
remaining two songs and it is 11 p.m.
and it just occurred to me that's
something one of the videos we're sure
there's still the other one I need to
write guys scarborough was somewhere in
here oh god my room is so messy my house
is a disaster I haven't been able to do
any of my rejuvenation cleaning at all
because we have so much work to do it's
2:00 a.m. I just finished my second
scrape holy crap tomorrow sugars gonna
be so difficult but we gonna get it done
it's the last year's before I leave in a
whole bunch of travels we gotta make it
count so right now I will see you all
tomorrow today when you're watching this
and main channel video releases oh my
god double shoot the end of Maine child
video releases
you
