and literally my mouth is at an
amusement park are you doing on this
fine morning evening afternoon I am
doing swell today I'm feeling extra
grateful I woke up I stretched a lot of
cracks happened my body is rice krispies
today I got a stack scheduled here is
the mission but today join me a while by
writing down your mission or you gonna
accomplish if you're in a time zone
words really laying for tomorrow let's
go call with my lawyers meeting with
Kyle and Medici music production very
important other meeting I can tell you
about another meet another meeting
another meeting that I can't tell you
but oh my goodness they had a compliment
on a prep two scripts for tomorrow shoot
and record some raps that is a lot of
things which means requires a lot of
efficiency concentration productivity
and most important be present get it
done let's go focus just get off the
phone my lawyers legal things I know
legal for the law I know the law and
copyrights and all that's why I call
myself superwoman anyways vibe for today
it's kind of cute it's kind of adorable
right like I got okay first of all my
kid tripod is broken again I need to
clean this mirror let's we'll do that
later but look how cute look how cute
look ucky it's kind of cute is it cute
huh meme cube comment below valium you
say I'm cute I need you to tell me I'm
cute first focus tell me I'm cute okay
I've had so many meetings give me all
the points had my super meeting I can
tell you about another cooking meeting I
tell you ball goes to my teammates but
now we're gonna meeting right now it's a
impromptu meeting it wasn't even on my
goddamn mission so give me a bonus point
for this hell and it can no we can't we
talking about March what we're talking
about March
what we talking about what we talking
about project no mercy so I just want
y'all to know these two hoses no
witnesses that I am up here just be like
we should make this cheaper we should
make this cheaper we should make a
chance at my life she's basically trying
to oh basically out here I'm for the
people by the people I said I want this
all to be cheaper and affordable so I
want you all to know this with the
designs though they fire a minute
working on these we were working on
these since the beginning of time since
the beginning of time truly good
work I'm having such a productive day
and you know having a truly productive
day when there's a gap in my vlog cuz I
haven't even had a chance to block some
dad productive well we have a new intern
let me introduce you
welcome to the office yes we you really
are playing the part of looking
productive you know yes oh no sticky
note on a folder write a fraction down
quickly quickly write a fraction down
wow you're an asset to the team
okay so question for y'all I've had some
pretty first Kay video to frisky before
sketch just a lot of people in videos a
list of people have kissed in my videos
seth rogen right there bottom jeans I
mean I didn't put them due to different
people dumb right there many times this
girl right here
Alison John likes your video Oh Roscoe
this bill right here pretty close to
smoothly pretty much waiting think
that's it right I do a lot of people in
my real life though you know happy I'll
be busy and I can't nobody tell me how
to be a good kisser cuz I'm supportive T
for you right now you ready for T is
that I'm not a very sexual person but I
really do like affection so I love
cuddling I love kissing love hugging I
love all those things everything else
but I'm all for and so I'm really into
kissing so I'm gonna tell you how to be
a good kisser according to me the person
who's been single and doesn't know about
anything related to affection sexual
stuff and relationships enjoy number one
okay to be a good kisser according to me
you need to close your goddamn eyes I
know this sounds like common sense but
you'll be surprised I have kissed people
who have not closed their eyes and then
I open my eyes and I see them now I know
you're asking why the hell you open your
eyes and the question is cuz I'm not bad
kisser that sometimes oh my eyes just to
make sure I'm prized my eyes are closed
I get paranoid like what if what if like
we're somewhere else what it's like
people are watching what if like this is
a prank cuz I go like this and then the
person also does same time and worst
like and it gets awkward for a second
don't do it I called you goddamn eyes
number two okay this is just me I really
like when people touch my face like
affection I'm talking like this oh yeah
a little bit of this uh yeah
oh yeah so one people kiss me I really
like if they do this already three you
don't need to try to do too much at once
a kiss me like let me like put some
tongue but let me try to bite while I'm
comes on top I blow some bubbles you
know once I open the starbursts well I'm
just you need to sometimes it's okay
just keep a slow and simple I think
people read all these articles and do
things like who I need to do this like
ass and Noble and why like nibbly I need
to turn engines my tongue and literally
my mouth is at an amusement park and I'm
sick gonna replay of that please hot I
don't need to be doing that number four
again this might just be me this is just
me I feel like some guys know some guys
they are like oh they don't value the
kiss baby trying to speed up into other
things when like you need to just slow
your roll okay sometimes it's nice to
just kiss it doesn't need to be like
other guys were like we kissed for two
seconds and then they are like and I'm
like you need to just take it easy for a
second because I just like to enjoy kiss
will take your time and put effort into
I look handsome or fine if you don't do
things with your tongue with your mouth
older sister I'm tell you know I
remember y'all younger it's okay I know
y'all nasty anyways it's fine
I feel like less is more sometimes for
example like if you're gonna bite
someone's lip and try to be more frisky
like choose that moment wisely you know
be kissing then all of a sudden a little
and then you don't replay that for a
while you let that sit there okay you
don't be like my lips shouldn't be
bleeding okay my lip is not a skittle my
lip is not a piece of gum we need to
just want to pick and choose your moment
execute and then carry on just be like
imma leave you wanting more don't be all
up in there I don't know no no no no no
no no what makes someone a good kisser
what's one thing that people do that
make them a good kisser oh she's like
how order people don't watch it we're
talking just about kissing don't get
carried away don't get carried away here
it's definitely the beat is a really
good thing elaborate well you don't want
it to be too fast huh gross I don't like
I've had people cuz we believe that's
been hurt because they're so aggressive
they were done kissing while it was like
but then they can't go too slow because
then you're just like okay this is
really dragging on there's nothing she
says get to the goddamn boy I differ I
like a slow kiss everyone's well but
yeah everybody wants to know I was fine
but okay then let's not go what makes a
good kisser
a good kisser someone shiny shiny see
her when mother pig Drake his place
someone who like you know is like
caressing you okay so can you cross my
face in a way much like a oh okay okay
I don't like too much tongue yeah I said
the same thing less is more less is more
let's just oh my god should we make up a
fresh friend which I see you never know
what you're gonna get from me so she
needs a lot of homies
okay one more thing someone who isn't
too like pushy about kissing like it has
to come naturally oh oh what did you say
I said a whole bunch of stuff but I also
don't get kissed very often like on
thank you is when two symmetries between
and an angle between a note you know
what be level you trying to sound like
they can fit in with me very like sexual
things like yeah yeah no I just love it
when on women the P night is the at an
angle really yeah yeah when it feels
like like a tortilla I promise I'm not
always hitting on my team only in the
vlogs and then also when I'm not on bugs
go go to some work okay Jesus Christ let
me know what are some horrible kissing
experiences you have had some great kiss
experiences you were bet and if you
never been kissed
don't worry I should be a great example
of like do things when you're ready
don't let anyone pressure you already
had a first kiss really early
if you haven't had your first kids yet
who cares whatever pace you're doing
things that as long as you're doing it
safe is absolutely perfect so don't feel
any type of way I've been late to
everything in my life so I'm working
he's writing scripts that boom when I'm
trying to write this script in
Scarborough it's just not happy
he just Scarborough you're prepped you
hear that spiral you're pressing with
discover baby I need you hello excuse me
sir
I need you to move excuse me sir I need
you to move you just sir sir this
pimples really becoming a problem
because I just it's just nothing I can't
pop it it's no why are you why are you
here you've been here forever why go why
bye bye bye bye bye hey yo if you follow
me on instagram you already know this
but in case you don't I just posted this
everyone thought it was my coming-out it
is not I promise if I ever want to date
girls y'all can line up a buy me
Chipotle and I'll be down but it's
actually a child's book cuz if you know
all fairy tales and all Disney movies
they're always about heterosexual
relationships and this book was brought
to my attention
it isn't published like no one has
published this book it's available for
digital download but the link in the
description it's on Apple iBooks I think
it's a really important story it's about
a lesbian princess who doesn't want to
be rescued by a prince she won't be
rescued by a princess so she doesn't
even rescued she wants to just she wants
a princess in her life and I think it's
so powerful and it's so important no me
I'm really big on storytelling on I
think is porn for people to see stories
that they can relate to and that
represent all the people in the world
and from a young age I think acceptance
is very important so this is that open
call hear me when I say to all
publishers that are watching this if you
are brave enough and accepting enough to
publish this book it's an open call get
in contact with me you should know how
I'm rep by WM means there'll uncle is my
manager get in contact with me unicorn
island productions and less publish this
goddamn book that needs to be published
okay because acceptance you're never too
young to learn about acceptance and
that's what this book is about very
beautiful I highly recommend you all
support it and that's the tea write
Scarborough okay it's 12:30 a.m. I just
finished reading both scripts one of
them and I want creative I am so
impressed with myself I was writing and
I was like it well up in me you know
what I deserve
hope thorium snack whatever good one
there was a little bit of laughing I
dropped on in cartoon wait wait there's
dropping water on myself countless
the showers I count as drinking water
what hey god damn you I put in work
today fam lots and lots and lots of work
Jamie yeah you yes tomorrow we go to the
same goddamn thing for today let's play
with it I'll see you tomorrow for a new
day and the same pimple
you
