okay look at this okay what is she
prettier than his magnet since I windy
more knocking by a moat oh gosh if he
call him it well that's all right I've
never watched her luck with this chick
why is she so loud I thought she didn't
come to wait wasn't she a man with the
beard named bungeed who's this person
Lily I guess you can view this is my
blog challenge this is how we throw down
we hustle harder I will tell you a
mission and then I'm gonna do all the
things on the mission or try to do all
things on my mission and I'm gonna get
points because we got to make every 24
hours count for today here's the mission
shoes secret shoot I did it I can't tell
you anything about it ha ha
pre-production meeting with my team
visual effects meeting with my team
development meeting with my team
building my inbox
not obviously work on some scripts have
dinner with some of my agents go to bed
early all that is doing he's sleepy
ready to go the office let's go
so you might be wondering why she all
lit up her hair all brighter side of
secret chute speaking of secret shoots
first of all Kyle
what was that magazine called again that
magazine does like the fashion mags was
a car to say people know what it wasn't
was it but she was a big baby who's on
the cover against independent artists
what seems like it Solange a sister yeah
it was it be via a ambience beyond so
was a really big issue the September
issue of both else is up let's go okay
look at this okay well she's pretty
Austin his manager oh goodness gracious
I said I have arrived right here look at
this
Lilly is fearless like that comedian
truth teller you know what's good and
okay back cover of Vogue y'all wanna
pick up your copy of both go ahead and
do that take me and pictures
you evolve so excited as like crazy just
think they have a one-page full picture
and boy he said oh no no no no no
because your girl your girl is on
billboard anywhere where was it was was
it mm was it deployed the circle was it
no it was the overall clocks the clock
oval I think right was it time was a
time Rick in Time Square billboard The
Times good check out this picture also
check out this video I stole from one
y'all y'all are on the journey y'all are
on that search Oh hold on I said y'all I
said I don't care what photo shoot it is
the team super ring will be there it
will be there cause back oh my god back
in town the office makes sense what
about time I don't mean anywhere I'm
gonna tell you a whole bunch of things
they're gonna drive you crazy you're
ready you ready I'm ready yes okay so
I'm back home who's wanting to beat the
traffic both of my feet are swollen
remember I tell you have that swollen
thing two to three times a week both of
my feet are swollen right at the bottom
I'm just like oh I know I know I know I
know I know I know you see a doctor I'm
gonna do when I go back to Toronto for
sure for sure for sure for sure for sure
for sure for now I'm think about taking
a little bit of a nap because I'm super
tired about 5:00 a.m. this morning we
got four hours of sleep a little bit of
a nap and then I have a dinner meeting
and I gotta get some other work done but
I think I have earned a nap today also
let's talk about this am I an adult am i
an adult because Scarborough is throwing
up with all my bed jeans I haven't done
my laundry gonna keep saying I'm gonna
do it have I done it no and now I'm
super soakers and this is an Olaf
blanket this is this is this is my life
you know what it's okay
it's time oh don't pop up out of bed too
much swag on and actually still really
really tired I gotta head to this dinner
so let's go oh I'm so full I can't even
breathe I had so much vegan food right
now I'm just da humble would G I
sweet dreams you did you love sweet
green not only do i that i have sweet
green that i did a little test today i
bought the sweet greens
mm-hmm and they it's a hot bowl so it
has hot tofu and it took it and i walked
all the way home half an hour walking
with this you could go back okay it was
still just wow gold a good picture of my
sweet greens and i said it to my nephew
to make them very jealous cuz he also
loves sweet brains you can see how
wasn't very productive day i'm promoting
the place it doesn't even be me
that's how productive my young boy do
you know what time it is so energetic
right 9 you want to play mom mom
I want to play why don't you see mom mom
can I just say can I just say I'm so
excited really excited I haven't been
sick side for a long time for the video
coming out on Monday what is it Monday
hold up check yes Monday I'm so excited
I mean Thursday's it too but Monday what
what did Calvin do to you what did
Calvin do to you what beef do you have a
Calvin huh sweet boy also I want to say
sorry for the delay with sorry to say
sorry like got sterotypical Canadian I
don't know
sorry for the delay with spiced news the
number one thing that holds up spice
news every single time it has ever been
late is because of the cameos I have in
them little the youtubers that can with
people at cameo 100% of the time someone
doesn't send it or someone's busy which
is completely fine I get it cuz I'm that
person that's so busy to do things but
that's legitimately why it's always held
up so I apologize I'll come on soon I'm
gonna try and get better at it it's
another thing on the content schedule
I'll be trying my best but mother I feel
guilty because you're I'll be feeding
you content just like yeah I got a super
Monday video some order super Thursday
video I got six daily vlogs
you ready did you have the spice news
ago and that's not even counting all the
looks I'll be serving okay let me give
you know inside look into what my
inboxes right now I'm not going to show
with you because secrets but I can't
tell you what's in it right now can have
20 emails which is not that many it's a
manageable amount but the first one is
about that thing I direct the second one
is legal stuff then we got media
interviews then we got vlog email that
we got merch there we got more media
interviews that we got more vlog emails
there
more things for that thing I directed we
got emails about meetings emails but
this damn pimple I have scripts Brian
Beals
gimme gimme all that more so like I
gotta divide my brain into so many
places because first I'll be doing
emails of like script Korea then I'll be
like what do you think about this piece
of merchandise what people click the ads
he's got music want to interrupt this
message to tell you that at dinner today
had two to three glasses of water I
don't remember exactly how much it was
so let's just go with three went through
my inbox worked on a script but I gotta
say my schedule tomorrow is in sane we I
leave this weekend to go somewhere in
San Francisco and then after that I go
to Ecuador so I have a hundred million
things to do before that happens but
first we face masks pimples like this
can pose like this not cute ones you
can't pop you know this sure what it is
it is a bite it's a bump but what I do
with you what do I do with you what I am
are num num num item I'm a Teletubby is
it like I think you wink you're Popo or
was it as in Popo but Pappas police
fleet plus thankfully poor poor damn
Swami
I'm really but I've been tired I've been
up since 5:00 a.m. I will go to bed
let's see how we did today chefs never
to watch my new video yes uber drivers
can rape passengers that's a thing we
didn't know now you know check out my
main channel video and that's the
tomorrow we go hustle so hard cuz your
first time here smash that subscribe but
what are you doing all good positive
energy here my little it's free most
importantly it's
you
