one of what a patient reference
good morning Barcelona we are on day
three of our trip and today we're we're
gonna add a to our private day tour with
a tour guide named mark and he looks
pretty cute in the picture by the way so
I'm like hey Mike we're going to Monsour
I don't know if I'm saying that right
Montserrat Mont Montserrat Montserrat is
where we're going and we go your
breakfast right now and then we're gonna
get blinded by the Sun in my pupil and
then we're gonna head to this day
towards about an hour away I'm excited
about it so far so good
the trip is booked we're going great my
parents already downstairs eating
breakfast I'm eating my zone in my
organisation don't I fumbled on one
little thing which is that this magic
fountain thing I was gonna take them
yesterday it was only that the show only
happened Friday and Saturdays there's
one little thing I fumble they still
took them to the fountain still look
beautiful still two pictures but so far
that's the one thing I asked up which I
felt bad about all day but everything
else has gone according to plan my
master plan my organization is really
paying off and they're having a really
good time and that's all I wanted was my
parents have a good vacation and prove
that I can do this and I'm doing it I am
doing it so far so unless I like cut my
leg off accidentally today things will
be going great ha I'm going to see a
great knife we took a one out of three
line chain nice now you get cable car up
how do you properly pronounce it again
one orange Sarah monsterettes is Mark
he's her tour guide and I'm hoping all
of this won't be outside because it's a
little bit cold but working with some hi
it's gonna be good it's gonna be great
we'll explore another cable car into the
mountains check it out
finally can get some good pictures cuz
mark can take pictures of me every time
I parents take pictures they cut off
half of everything up to here I'm like
it's okay it's great it's great but
really it's like I'm like this much new
picture
check out this dope please
crazy there's the structure here where
when I googled that people taking
pictures on it and now they blocked it
off for a good reason because people
would climb to the top but it would be a
sick picture check this out
this is art piece and like I saw a guy
that climbed all the way to top now it's
blogged off but like he stood there if
you fall you die like you fall off the
mountain so like I understand why
slocked up I'm just like I want to go up
there I'm not gonna what I'm just saying
it's so cool
this is probably created before the
Instagram was created or else no one
would build something like that in
today's day and age doesn't know mad
people died but is dope I just had honey
straight from the honeycomb no so damn
good who's so damn good
what are you getting big big thing
two things happened one I met a fan and
she was so cute and I gave her one my
girl every few keys and she's from Chile
actually said I guess thinking she's
gonna get their pinkie I'm gonna get one
shoe so happy so chefs that found if
you're watching this also I mean the
bees are right I mean the lunch view was
like whatever
it's been amazing look at this we're
eating kale I'm sure casually there's a
better view here though
that'll be a mom eating french fries
anyone eating french fries is great we
put a spit so I'm going back down and
it's magic no big deal also the soup
ahead at lunch was so damn good it was
carrot soup was the best moment of my
life was so good I just want to point
that out that the soup was right here
we're back oh it got so cold but we're
back mommy did you have fun yes you have
fun yes yeah mom and now we're gonna go
shopping yeah a lot of wondering that my
mom by the way me and my dad got tired
of we have to walk uphill for even like
five minutes like my mom is so fish you
can walk up a hill oh she can walk for
hours she just not get tired what about
you work I work out I work out yeah we
know where did my mom goes the gym not
so mom's way fit more fit than the rest
of us
that stressful moment when tomorrow
we're gonna have a new president we're
going shopping
put a lighter note we were shopping
exactly it's a boy we were shopping cuz
I saw this store that I really liked
outside I saw some really cool stuff so
we're gonna do that but Colts are all
bundled up and we're watching the news
just to come over the election from
Spain okay public service announcement I
just bought the sickest jacket on the
face of the planet you're gonna think
I'm exaggerating but it is the sickest
jacket it's from the store I saw on the
airport I don't have pants if it's
called like they see we I've seen in
other parts of the world as well oh my
god okay fine but even happening to be
honest already man in Toronto and Ally
okay but I want to whoever owns this
company and work so please contact me
because I want all of your stuff and I
want to work with you and I think we
could do some dope stuff together
because this design is so dope I ready
for this I raised my jacket I was really
excited so me okay look at this come on
and then the sleeves are totally
different the jean jacket I love that
it's so funky and was very expensive but
it's okay because I love it
that's my story this is not an ad this
is not sponsor I can show you the
receipt if you'd like but I thought it
was really cool and I want more of their
stuff and I don't know where they're
from I don't know I think about them so
if you know anything about this brand
please highlight a choker and I will go
me something Donald because when in
Spain we make it too easy Nami just
kidding our vacations in the Arctic ah
the guys here succeed because our room
is so cold um we're gonna watch a movie
now handsome ending with my boo thang
Charlize and I haven't seen anything
like a last person on the planet and
then I'm gonna fall asleep right after
summer end my vlog here I'm gonna put on
the toilet because the guy is fixing
stuff from there so thank you for
joining us on another date mommy's
birthday extravaganza shuka oh my gosh
Yuka tomorrow we are going to go to a
cool horse traction here as a park and
then we have a show in the evening so
it's gonna be exciting and I can't wait
to take you with me thank you thank you
thank you if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
market not made for the claustrophobic
for sure it is merkat State Joseph
Lepore yeah
merge Burt Knossos Merck hat we're like
a stupid English tourists that are so
like dollars like st. Joseph's blah
Borya
