goodbye for every lilypad
I'm just kidding two weeks two weeks bye
let's log this hug as if we didn't argue
to this polar bear party going to
Vancouver the tile and then that's a
leaf like 24 hours and then I'm going to
Spain so I will see you lily pad in like
two weeks
be good okay Oh dusty okay make sure
work on that
and that means we're in Vancouver I
slept the entire way it was actually two
and a half hour flight it's longer from
I forgot geographically it's longer from
Toronto to Vancouver and I'm le divan
Cooper short I can't hear anything my
ears plugged I'm still sleeping I don't
know it's happening
we're in Vancouver go Canada Vancity fun
fact
Vancouver's actual to my favorite cities
it's rainy and gross why you do this but
it's okay because I was greeted at the
airport by some lovelies and I didn't
even say anything I might fly which
means over the waiting there a long time
is welcome to Vancouver I like lly bonus
points for smiling
so so sweet so here now hang the
soundcheck which kind of
counterproductive because I can't hear
anything is what you're so plugged but
that's gonna happen and then I want to
make a video because tomorrow is
Thursday that's that we're gonna do
that's what we're gonna do that's what's
happening watch me do it that's what
that's happening
hi hi hi so this is the venue I just did
like three seconds of my speech not the
whole thing because I can't hear
anything my eyes asleep you can't see
anything and we is obviously cool me
that that's like because they love me
and I love them and we're getting mad
right fun fact of why Vancouver is such
a special place in my heart
if you're like a team super og you'll
know this but one of my biggest and
meet-and-greets earlier on in my career
we're like it was the first time people
waited in line to meet me and like the
line wrapped around the building I
remember just being so not able to
comprehend what was happening that was
in Vancouver it was for an event I did
here and my being green was actually
with humble and I was like earlier on in
our friendship to salsa first I'm humble
actually like chilled out together and
we agreed was here so it was like really
special place in my heart the city you
know now we go eat it's that time
because they're available at every we do
it in the first 50s I'm you should time
we should time and see how quickly I can
say how many do you think are here 100
yeah yeah okay Ivan rose we had time how
long it takes me signed a hundred of us
it I'm gonna beat that record every time
we do a yeah possibly might be
embarrassing though why how you go no
guys here we go
the timer let me know when it I'm
getting more going on like my jacket
right now looks like a sport okay
what are you estimating I I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be optimistic and I'm gonna
say three minutes closer to horse for
close to four minutes yeah I can't get
slowed down by you so you better make
sure you're on point here again
okay what do you ask me five minutes cuz
this is five thirty five twenty five
twenty what a fail how many is that
how many is I mean like how many seconds
to take five twenty two hundred I'll
have a cram book but the marker is
really good on them look looks maybe it
doesn't look as good in dude lighting
but look I like this marker on it I
think it adds to the whole vibes that's
it turn as you know all of them say my
name I didn't misspell my name even once
they're all done with quality even still
even though we time elapsed so how many
3.20 second three point two seconds per
thing that's not that impressive I'm
kind of disappointed myself you know
what it is a few factors that plan you
gotta get it and then I gotta move the
bracelet sign and I do really X I do an
X on all of them but you know what to
get 5:20 good news is the first world
record of Lilly Singh signing so I beat
the world record 520 is the one to beat
from this for us that crap endings bruh
yeah thank you and then can I get a side
of chili flakes okay I also get some
fries with what can I dip in something
what Joe and some ketchup with that and
then I'm going to also order do you guys
have mac and cheese sad I will get
what's really popular what's popular
sorry this many is big
I'll get the grilled cheese please
yeah fries work well can we yeah could
we get a coke oh my god I fell asleep on
the couch um I fell asleep I don't mean
I just spontaneously fell asleep I mean
like I lied down put a pillow down
covered myself with a blanket then just
straight-up failed to wake up you ever
failed to wake up so hard that it's like
you I literally press snooze for an hour
to have I could just turn off my alarm
and slept peacefully for an hour and
haven't been refreshed but no I kept
every five minutes I press snooze why
cuz I'm dumb because I'm dumb I'm a dumb
person that's why I'm dumb I'm sorry
I've done what time is it right now it
is it is Wednesday so it's 913 but I'm
really trying to do my video today
because tomorrow I have we there and
then right after we day I'm coming I
basically went to the airport pretty
soon after that and then it landed like
midnight in Toronto due to the time
difference and the traveling and all
that stuff and so I don't want to land
at midnight to make a video so I know
the responsible things to make a video
now and that's what I'm trying to do
well my brain my stupid brain has a hard
time with that because my brain does not
like but you have time so I'm like that
kid that always wait until the night
before do an essay that's not my brain
work so I'm trying to try to change that
you know I mean I'm trying to change
that way when that comments on my
youtube videos telling me I'm shaky like
I've changed
maybe right I want you first of all to
sit down because it's gonna be
overwhelming for you your panties will
be in several nuts if a man jeath was a
young white boy I don't know I love do
because you sounded like like Spanish
hola for you I like it ladies come on
and fellas
all of them
let's pop in so the video I am actually
gonna shoot today on a Wednesday like a
responsible adult it's actually a video
a lot of you have requested some of you
might not be familiar though but I think
it's really exciting
um I do I'm not like a massive massive
kpop fan I'm not gonna pretend to know
everything about kpop I don't but any
bit of kpop I do know I really like like
I really like CL I really like BTS like
I love their song dope and so a lot of
you haven't asked me to react to BTS his
new song called blood sweat and tears
and so I just watched it I made my notes
usually I freestyle the parents react
but just today I'm because I'm not too
familiar with kpop I'm writing notes and
I'm also going to improv some of it so
my parents gonna react to blood so into
is because you literally requested it so
many times it is in my comments
constantly and it has been for past
three weeks so I hope you enjoy it it's
gonna be good
it sounds a little something like this
for those that aren't familiar I'm sure
you
just orderly tonight King's name that
ladies like 10:30 but I got myself some
pisghetti and some foots you know what
it is money money money money money
ready
this is called the slap yourself dance
money money money I'm so wet I miss a
whiplash dose too sometimes I make
really stupid decisions for example I'm
transferring files and I've done this
more than once not the first time I made
this mistake on transferring files from
my sd card my memory card and set up
copying those files onto my laptop and
transferring them I'm doing a straight
from the card thus enabling me enable
disabling me from using the card on my
camera and it says 12 minutes left so
not just at whim is I have to be like do
nothing I could use this vlog this vlog
1 but I know if there's no spaced on it
why do I do this no I'm not take a 21
minute pop and it's already 12:05 and
after wake up for 7:45 why I do a stupid
thing I don't know
mmm well yeah yummy pineapple I like it
less reacting BTS come on
I did it
I finished my video and I'm saving it I
did my video on a Wednesday to
understand how monumental of a momentous
I overcame the wiring in my brain and I
really like the video I think it's
really I was able to put that extra
effort in because I like you I don't I'm
not on a time crunch I can sure I'll get
a little less sleep right now but I'm so
proud of me let this be the standard
moving forward just cleaned up my
eyebrows now I have to Thailand Tukwila
Louise in Vancouver for a couple more
hours I'm gonna wake up early I don't
know a few hours of sleep but it's okay
I'll sleep on the plane because I
deserve it and I earned it tomorrow's we
day make my weed a speech that I'm a
coach and breaks I bought I love the
energy in Vancouver every time I perform
here so I'm very excited and then Robin
on a plane and we headed back to Toronto
and with the time difference on all
pretty much all days we had a plane and
so nothing too exciting thank you for
joining me and today I hope you had a
wonderful day I'm burping I always burp
what I'm doing really talking or should
I contain it but then I'm just like you
guys know I'm burping so I should just
stop pretending to hide it anyways
tomorrow we hustle again Wow
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe laughing at yesterday's vlog
or watching it right now and now we're
gonna do a humbling movie react as the
room blogs right here the time I took my
daughter trick-or-treating we're gonna
wind a little bit we're gonna go to the
first house okay here we go
