I'm a galaxy's
good afternoon I have this thing word
humble is just a better person than me
because hum will continuously wakes up
earlier than me we're gonna say the same
time you wanna see later than me I just
need more sleep and it lowers my
self-esteem every single day no it's
just I every day I'm like how did he get
up how about hide why do I need more
sleep it makes me feel about every
single day lo behold today is no
exception he woke up early and made me
an omelet
damn it humble nothing has changed much
this tent is still here the place is
still a disaster we cleaned up with that
we have torn up a kind of kind of sort
of maybe a hundred percent I won't do
anything I was like you know why do I
have to wash my makeup was moving
everything everything everything we're
gonna go for like the third day two road
we're gonna try to figure out Halloween
costumes we gotta go to Halloween
there's two island party tonight I'm
thinking for neither but there's one
tomorrow if we had a cat maybe we got to
figure out and we're both so picky is
the thing we both don't care but for
some reason we're both so big
yeah then we also want to try to have
like a Dewar's costume yeah we were
trying but I'm willing to like let that
go because it is just more difficult
because your beard so if you think of a
sick costume I am willing to get that
rejection it's just a burp out there
that makes it for the omelet anyways
we're gonna go do that and then I have
meeting with Kyle in a little bit and
then I need to clean my room
do I still feel like messy even though
it's not that messy down maybe it's this
everybody's all this declutter a little
bit but do you feel messy here
definitely I feel like everything just
moved off Mme because attend here the
tent I think is a well whilst attendee
we'll get back to this conversation
we're gonna go home because he's having
why would I need a costume for that
so so far we spend more time looking for
parking at a store that ended up being a
two minute walk from where we're living
so things can only go up from here what
was the experience disaster oh the store
was a it was in disarray it had a lot of
anxiety hung on the walls there wasn't
many options in terms of costumes and
whose fault is this 100% ours yes 100%
I've made videos about these people do
the last my head oh yeah that's a day
before Halloween ain't riding in a
costume we're still part so now we're
gonna have to reevaluate our strategy to
get a costume all right so heading to a
third in last place the options so far
we have our two different versions of
Johnny Depp where he would be Jack
Sparrow now I'd be the Mad Hatter or
those pop art people you know like the
pop art cartoon what I assume is psyched
about you either I don't think what we
know is we want everything we don't want
to put too much effort we don't want is
money but we want the best cause we know
we're gonna party or people gonna put in
that four cents that way yeah I've also
never experienced Halloween in LA
actually I have a slide but not like at
a party right I don't know how people
are signs that were just gonna be really
sexy I think everybody's gonna be white
liberals probably men do believe oh yeah
yeah see when you can't decide a costume
it's also Diwali
one day Jordy was
do fata Theron or on the yes I didn't
put that is now very true Indian one you
just like onions whatever
we ever turned home several hours later
with no costumes and one less friendship
best friendship but I'm not gonna say
anything it's fine
I just don't have a costume he doesn't
have costume I no longer care and I
can't believe I have spent this much
time as many hours caring about this one
I have work to do so that's that's the
conclusion is that there's no costume
and I'm just gonna wear a onesie I don't
even know why I didn't do it on the
first plane you are would you record one
let's go see what we have upstairs
that's how you know usually humble will
be shouting in the background that so
there's no shouting happening right now
haven't done this in so long
also a little bit chilly also look my
body turn up right here I have stuff for
the new house to light candles into
incense because my mommy's gonna hang
out soon but first I'm gonna try to
watch The Walking Dead
what is leisure day look at us act like
we've all worked through it's okay I'd
actually don't have that much work to do
I do but like not anything time like
pressing for time but I said watch the
dishes as I promised humble I would do
that because uh yeah I just you know I
have nothing to say I just wanted to
vlog because I missed you and stuff
that's all how cool does this look
pretty cool I'm going to head to the new
house to light some candles much light
and weight loss after a good you
volleyball
everything doesn't mean you know no
bless you're walking about this Russian
 closet
you're making my permission is going to
read that room and mrs. house will be
friends and great ideas will flourish
here good meals will be in here with
good people therefore positive energy
and light and no negative vibes and
should be renamed vibes they will be
handled with the utmost positivity they
will be thrown into the ball pit the top
of my mouth it's one of those things
every single time why don't you eat
something it's hot don't do it it's hot
in Emerald every single time does um
just for watching two episodes of
Westworld it kind of lost me I did I'm
not that into it like at first the first
episodes ago we cool saying is that cool
second up so cool but no I'm just like
nah not really for me so I think I'm
gonna give up on that one never go to
bed tomorrow is super Monday we are
making a video for sure
for shizzle first yourself if I don't
make a video I'm not going to the party
simple as that I have no excuses so
party although a dentist appointment and
we get my new thing of am is line so
that would be good and that's going on
and if I'd have a costume I'm gonna
either go as little winged if so bad cuz
all you were tweeting beam I can't wait
to see what Susie and humble are gonna
be nothing the answers nothing
I mean for unicorn onesie or I'm gonna
turn myself into low away and that's
always my default backup option but
thank you for joining me on today hope
you had a great day and tomorrow we'll
have sobered tomorrow the also continues
well if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
