there's no place like home there's no
place like home
my apartment looks like Wizard of Oz
like as a tech just it's just so much
personality it is not that late
kind of like it's 11:40 I'm very proud
of that I have to head to the new house
right now because the contractor is
coming and we're going to get some new
lights installed going to change the
showerhead go into a few little tweaks
we need to do after that I have a shoot
later on today to finish the rest of the
victorious Victoria Justice Club I also
might go to a comedy event wasn't
anything my stomach feels a bit upset
not only is the moment period but I ate
like crap yesterday today just when he's
like solid and drink water that's what I
would like to do so we're gonna try to
just cleanse a little bit today clean
out the place the place is a mess except
for this one table over here so one
table over here
everything else is a disaster but that's
the tracrac and even humble slept in
today did you wake up like three hours
ago
and then go back to sleep yeah that's
nice I saw your Instagram like why okay
I got this oh what's that oh what a
clean car oh my god how is this course
so clean except for the spa right there
how does this course oh oh yeah you know
I just I just have my clean person I
just keep it clean you know I'm saying
I'm gonna are trying to figure out some
Halloween costume ideas that we can
couple possibly be that complement each
other you know I thought maybe Khaleesi
called Rosa like that yeah I also want
to spend a million dollars right like
that's what I'm gonna do because I get
really endowed and one goal I'm one of
those people that wants to look good but
I'm also very last minute so they should
we have to find so it's not his
scratching his head today it's I told
humble that when he talks there's an
Academy as these nervous twitches that's
one of them and that's the other but we
need to find a costume that complements
having a beard that's what's that for me
obviously just finished hanging out the
contractor gonna get a lot of cool
lights and what else we gonna get
surround sound also on the roof because
I was like you know a couple gonna
complain is like you're everyone who's
match on the all house because on
and they all have parties I'm like okay
we good good good times come on didn't
seem very enthusiastic about it I don't
have it either when they talk about
stuff I don't ya know I'm not that great
at interview I think I think I have to
hire someone to do the lilypad I did but
this room is just this house is a little
bit too much too many areas where I
wouldn't know like I don't know what to
do through and I don't know what to do
the office and it's going to allotted
like a lily pad took me forever to
figure out that was like relatively
small compared to this but this is lily
pad 2.0 we out here are you playing with
the shirt no nice thing with this shirt
- all right leg word moment when we're
gonna shoot at your house and less than
an hour and so Charles looks like and
you don't realize that shoe got moved
because you're a waste you and I you
have to watch it take a shower and watch
about to you and well the bridge in
Bridgend region region and we finna show
you those extra scenes fresh haircut
they'll come on
okay okay is it for me you know we're
gonna date tonight
I know did you decide you're about this
life now yeah okay that's right don't
like a spatula I flip people anyways um
we ordered to pull away and now we're
gonna eat and then we have some copies
have to go to and that's crack-a-lackin'
and we clean the apartment and I took a
shower I'm an adult
- everything else is happening my life
I'm an adult some people never learn
their lessons do you remember the last
time this scenario played out in my
apartment I'm redeeming myself she was
cut her finger off doing the exact same
thing again cutting in the exact same
way the exact same nice to have scars
but my nails look ugly so yeah it
doesn't look good at all does he look at
her can't I something I feel like Ellie
doesn't have good watermelon or mangoes
yeah
really mango though street vendors on
the side yeah that's true hey humble I
think you're sure it's around hey humble
hey humble
hey hey humble I think you're sure it's
ripped off
I'm looking very handsome
am I looking very handsome today leave a
comment thank you homeland I just had a
minor fight we didn't have a minor play
I made a joke can you take a joke no I
am doing your job I had to put my
suitcase in his room and he made a
comment about it that my suitcase was in
his room Oh that'd be one yeah okay
into my room so she do is shoot this
should happen like yesterday oh she was
into my room grab one piece of clothing
from the two games 11 that made a joke
that she was able to do that but I think
the suitcase I got that face I got that
face nothing feels like other thing this
is a zipper here he turns red just like
my heart because my suitcase can't be
wherever I wanted to be in my own home
whatever
for the past 17 hours we've been
deciding what to be for Halloween and
we're yet to decide anything that's the
more of a story
we're defeated I'm already ready for
no-shave November anyways you have to
does it was 11 you need to be a meme you
know that you're such so you so me
mobile get out of the frame so you can
meet them properly my eyes look blue Oh
God mom told me today I have to go the
new house and I have to light candles
and a girl buddies what's so English
word for that incense so that's we're
gonna do we're gonna light some candles
right now that is Diwali if you don't
know Diwali is the festival of light and
you are one of the biggest nights of my
life happy Diwali
I'm gonna read some of the best comments
for mysteries we live out loud right now
there's a few of them hold on hey
obviously
who's the guy she's always with that's
always there good
I'm gonna go you're the guy the other
guy this is the best one hold on
this humble live with Lily
my name is Beltran humble dealing with
me I never answer using live with me
just stays there all the time I'm a
nomad you know what the word no this is
the best one I ready yeah I mean am I
the only one that thing's nada and Lily
a listing what can it be Nili mala
Vanilli Vanilli Haley yeah we gotta find
some other good ones with on standby so
funny that humble doesn't watch your
vlogs actually I'm not sure what he does
I'd be likeable there's a good one
here's Gautam I think Lily spelled wrong
it's super funny sometimes and I enjoy
her vlogs most of the time but god she
can be so extra sometimes I have to
click out that's how was written in
those capitals as well subscribe
oh my oh my god literally in every
column in my name is spelled wrong every
cover but Li lly oh my god that's that's
a great silver lining even though every
single song I've ever created has felt
my name it's all good well you should
all
and rewatch IV i v-i with Lilly Singh in
this guy so for the people who don't
know what I do what tomorrow's Walking
Dead we're trying to orchestrate the
ways we can watch it because we're on
cable so we're trying to figure it out
it's either power house my mom's cable
cop I didn't know what I vlog today I
think this is such a disoriented vlog
uh-huh yeah
I look over to the comedy show and we
could I can't really vlog there because
it was like people stand up and stuff
and so I don't want to vlog was a big
chunk of my day that I couldn't block
but otherwise I'm gonna go to bed
I'm such a like idiot anytime I want to
wash my face which I did the last night
either I just put that towel on my white
pillow okay so it doesn't get all over
it again I'm just so tired but I'm ready
hey copy food again today ain't just
start eating better and drinking more
water I keep saying this but my body's
like shutting down be like can you stop
being horrible to us I hope you had a
great day today Eugenia my day it is
Saturday tomorrow Sunday tomorrow he
thinks I have our Walking Dead and I
have meetings Kyle and also to do
something else had to do I remember I
think was something work-related which I
should remember oh we gotta get costumes
it's not really working later but yeah
we are struggling to think of costumes
you got any suggestions please like
combo let us know but I'm not helping
after a day and thank you for Jamie
entry and tomorrow you will hang out
again if you liked it subscribe if you
liked it subscribe monumental moment
many vlogs in the making here we go yes
your cars take a back
look at all this dirt coming up right
here yeah I mean I mean come on yeah yes
come on right there that's what we
talked about a bullet bullet gunshot
yeah but although in my tour me get my
butt cheek clean right now with me so
many Umbria carries my ninja car is I'm
a car and I am that T now me getting
soaking degree soap so now look at this
hope right now look at these soap soap
now look at this hope right now rub my
belly so clean I rub my belly so clean
I'm taking showers so is a long time
coming I was so excited this has made my
day
this is made my day
