I am a bad vlogger
that's good I'm not a vlogger I don't
I'm no I don't call myself logger what
time is all right now
this is 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. is when I'm
starting my vlog right now because I
just had a chaotic day I woke up got up
here in last night had cramps I was not
feeling good for most the day I was so
under the weather had to cancel a
meeting I've been doing just so much
stuff everything stuff right just so
much stuff a lot of stuff one of those
things I was doing is I lost my wallet
Ruba yesterday when I went to FedEx and
I was dancing from the printer that's my
Walther you guys have to see it yeah
watch them why'd you go back into my
vlog and pinpoint the moment that I
walked away so you see me you see the
wallet there I mean I'm a stupid person
it just isn't there now somebody is
finding all everybody yeah so all my
credit is more important than everything
that's the credit cards that's my
license my Chipotle card is in the
wallet I am devastated
you better believe my whole entire team
is getting an email that said this time
she was going to be most urgent email
ever I didn't use polling card because
I'm just devastated
I haven't made a video yeah it's
Thursday and I'm knocking I've had a
little bit of a stressful just chaotic
day I'm on my period I have all moans I
have all these things and we are going
to Sabrina's concert which is good not
as heading heading over to go to music
concert when I come back if I'm in
spirits good spirits when I make a video
which I'm hoping I will because I think
humble told me I had to
and also I'm telling myself I have to
but I've just had a little bit of a day
and I wasn't even gonna vlog with then
I'm like no you know what I'm gonna blog
I want to vlog I want to live it's all
good
but I just cracked like that's going on
humble you have any life updates right
now I'm trying to plan a trip with my
family what do you want them to know
this cuz this is gonna go do their wife
read blogs is this price my fool there's
some way to tell your parents what this
is a surprise we find out I'll just keep
it I'm just trying to plan a trip and
I've never done this there's just like
making me Superman I also just booked we
can help each other because I just
booked a trip for my parents to
Barcelona as well I feel like your
parents were better supports in my favor
no I didn't give him a choice I said you
have no say in any of this I'll take
your opinions and I've knew all the
booking my parents tried to pay for and
stuff and I was like hell no it's all
gonna be my decisions all you are you
will be informed is the one thing I did
ask is for their like bodies and
elderliness I'm like would you prefer a
train in the situation or a plane that
I'd ask questions like those but
otherwise I was like I'll tell you what
time you're free ready and you have no
say in anything else that's what I do
see you what ends up happening the older
you get your parents become your kids
they act like kids and they get stubborn
like kids and you have to like not have
some questions do stuff yeah but you're
coming that's it yeah yeah that's a
little bit rude yeah how to present an
agreed re n so this elf over here
brought me this gift it is by Smashbox
it says hey Lilly thank you for being
such an amazing boss partner it was
truly a pleasure
Smashbox let's see what it is I think
this champagnes
either way it's a pleasant surprise all
right
you know I always look at when people
serve except the person who wrote it
how nice this writing is my writing and
you see how nice writing is like yeah a
really badly now my father I'm
double-jointed okay easy here we go
what is this oh it's custom champagne
designed for special occasions what is
this hold on I don't fancy this always
oh my god hold on I'm free
do something elaborate is right here
you don't look holy crap how thick is
that is that not so sick hold on I think
you can see the full thickness of the
situation bullying you have really great
ideas
it's like a blinged-out boss jumping
holy crap
that is really friggin cool this is like
a rap video I know it could never be
open what do you mean no no no this will
never be over thank you so much Mike
that is an amazing gift I am blown away
right now best ever
she's such an adorable human I love her
you so Lil Sis killed it
sweet his voice powerhouse and a half
and I felt really sleep because she
seemed genuinely touched that I came
like I can't believe came like I was
gonna come I'm all about supporting girl
oh what's up oh no the light disappeared
flashlight me flashlight me me that's
that there it is
I'm usually said she gave me the best
compliment I've heard in a while
actually I like she said tweet us is I
just needed to hear today in all those
moments throw I'm like I needed to hear
this she said you're just so genuine and
such a human I was called a humans true
that's nice you're also a unicorn that's
true I am a unicorn but she's a
sweetheart she always looks so fat but
they weren't come like just a fabulous
adult I just don't get it she's okay hey
go check her out Sabrina she's odd also
we need to eat food I know I'm really
hungry
yeah hello sue let us place called UMI's
I've decided I might not make a video
for reasons I cannot explain the most I
can say is I feel emotionally drained
today it's like I need a mental break
we'll talk more about that look on this
amazing food this do me just all vegan
food and it's like this bacon cheese
fries and it's so good like I don't I
don't
another don't is so good this is not a
drill
people are wizards
rub my new place they've ever seen
before I've never seen without furniture
I'm very nervous about it
that's something great hey looks so
different without furniture guys what do
you think what do you think what do you
think I'm so nervous your opinion is
very beautiful no I really like it I
really like on it and I do I can see
comments look it comes in the sea
this energy walks into the car my
favorite
remember remember remember remember
remember I'm still so full from that
Bert I my pants are gonna explode um
quick combos I won't take too much
overtime because I've been traveling a
lot in this vlog I think but I just want
to communicate that and I think I said
this before I might be repeating myself
actually she's pretty annoying when I
didn't make a video today I could have
made a video I had time to video I
didn't do that much stuff today I also
started vlogging like 7:30 because I had
a chaotic day before that but I'm kind
of going through some I had a heavy day
today and you already know that I don't
vlog I'm openly telling I don't flog
everything that happens in my life I
don't think that's healthy for me or for
you or for anyone that's when line
confin'd kind of start getting blurred
between like real life and not that this
isn't real life like you know the camera
and you know something should be private
to you and so I had a little bit of
heavy day and you're not gonna tell you
why and I'm why can't I all the details
about it I was just you know it was what
it was and I did make a video because my
spirits were just were not in and so I
apologize for that and I know recently
that's kind of been like a thing where
i'm like not too consistent with my
videos and i apologize but I'm promise
you everything I'm working on is to
become better at that I am trying to get
a system in place that helps me make
videos more often and helps me be more
efficient helps me be more productive
nails be happy now that I'm not happy
right now but like happier and more just
like systematic about life because my
life is getting pretty chaotic and so I
apologize I'm making a video but that's
what it was and I'm gonna go to bed
because it's like almost 3:00 tomorrow I
do have a meeting and tomorrow what else
do I have a call a meeting and that's
what's poppin so I think I'm gonna go to
bed call it a night and not beat myself
up about it because it's okay it's okay
good Aquilani also on a more positive
lighter note today was six years of
superwoman
this how many milestones happening
exactly man
six years since I started YouTube oh my
god that's a long time thank you for the
past six years I've grown so much as a
person and just I feel like I feel like
I'm so open-minded and I'm so accepting
of people and I'm just such a I would
like to leave a well-rounded person
that's a hundred percent due to all of
you and all experiences I've had with
the over the last six years and so I'm
just so thankful to each and every one
of you I could mean look what you've
given me
over the past six years I owe so much to
you and I'm so grateful and thank you so
much six years holy crap that's a lot a
longest relationship is with you it's
very special to me so thank you for all
those six years of super woman wishes on
Twitter damn I gotta bite I'll be a
great day and I'm so full from this
burger so oh well if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe okay
so I just tripped fo cuz I was walking
by and I was like looked outside I'm
like is there two Sun so this very
unique situations happening where my
window is reflecting that window so it
looks like there's two suns
so there's a sign right there but it's
reflecting the actual Sun that's over
there and I'm getting light from both of
them like Sun number one and then Sun
number two that's crazy
