Ryback wait Fox a rivet right from the
green correct
what up it is the afternoon I just
finished a call after a very productive
morning and doubles a lot of really
great things none of which I can tell
you about but I need to like wash my
hair today's all dedicate to the book
we're gonna lock ourselves upstairs
right now there's our door I can't lock
once open lock myself upstairs work on
the book we're reviewing the edited
manuscript and it is due tonight tonight
meeting tomorrow morning because I'm
gonna stay up all night and do it ah you
know and yesterday in case you missed it
we hit 10 million subscribers and I
don't know if I actually walked it but
if you were calm at birthday I was
actually given the play button it's in
plastic wrap but now but there it is
it's heavy as hell
this police supercopa so we're
continuing celebrations on that I'm
sweating it is so hot I also there's
some purple s I'm confused I'm sorry
Candy's a unicorn man I don't know we're
gonna do some work but first I need to
like brush and like take a shower and
like be a little bit more adults and
stuff quit I put up I love the way these
balloons look they look so freaking cool
it's like they were made for my
apartment to be exactly there it's very
cool the time is almost 6 p.m. I'm
killing the day I mean so much work done
I love the feeling of being back in
California look at it sunshine they got
a friend sang my lecture see Bill is
gonna be 0 you know I feel about that
cuz I'm cheap I love it
and guess what work done and the humble
was upstairs getting work done it's a
great environment and this new dog and
now I'm gonna go poop everything's going
great the bowel movements are just on
point
work ethic sound boy everything's like
great ok so I just tripped the FO cuz I
was walking by and I was like looked
outside I'm like is there - Sun so this
very unique situations happening where
my window is reflecting that window so
it looks like there's two suns
so there's a sign right there
but it's reflecting the actual Sun
that's over there and I'm getting light
from both of them like Sun number one
and then Sun number two that's crazy
is the crane is even being reflected
I feel like this is a very weird turn up
is there is there but it's not look see
look son but it's not there oh my god we
are in the matrix we are in the matrix
do you think every time at this time
we'll be double Sun fun double Sun fun
Oh what time is it 6:00 p.m. we shall
check literally putting in my account
double Sun fun does never trip you guys
out that everybody you've ever known and
everybody watching this feels the same
Sun they're really more like every word
only that same song that's the same one
people are watching this in like South
Africa and they're watching it in India
and watching it a Singapore it they feel
the same Sun that was built delicious
meal or is it we are in the matrix now
oh look at this
oh hi put this out take a picture at the
double sign of fun I can't express you
how heavy this is
yeah you know like let me let me take
any pop music I'm rich little one are we
try and you'll see from my arm like what
if I can titanium It's Made under the
massive then there you go by my thyroid
but mom pull up I'm on page 198 of 273
I'm very very happy it's going great
making a lot of notes reading a lot of
chapters I think it I think the book is
good there's some chapters that I want
to spice up a little bit cuz I'm liking
this could be stronger but some of them
like reading them again after so long
I'm like yeah this is really good yeah I
really like this so it's dope and I read
a few more chapters and I'm gonna go
wash my hair because it's really tangled
the t's yesterday a little hot mess I
was going over what are you working on
youtubers who is yeah Google bloody
School of Life
I just thought one of his videos there's
a thing which was always caught this one
is called why we home look we met
him in Italy he's really cool and really
smart super cool yeah yeah so I watch a
lot of his stuff and try to get my
juices flowing for ideas like black
black black I mean after that you know
else's dope and rock I like FUBU Mignot
Irish credo supa yeah yeah sure eight
combing out my hair this is Cole Malcolm
I kind of dig this vibe it's like Jenny
look it's I didn't read it but it just
looks like the way they styled it was
like I guess cuz I got wet also looks
like dreads looks dope and also feels
like very out of my way as you can see
this is very in my way I mean cool I
don't think I've ever seen my hair do
this Michael when your eyes matches how
well they look way better in person do I
look better right now cuz they run he
it's 12:50 a.m. I am done going through
the manuscript and now I'm debating to
walk down the street to Kinkos 24-hour
printing place and print all 275 pages
of it so healing read through it and
double check because there's some like
exercises and stuff that I still want to
kind of tweak in a while a little reader
from beginning to end
um that's from thing thing to do right
now hopefully humble come with me window
anything at food one part of my book
required me to find hate comments and
now I'm like I've just spent two hours
reading through hate comments that I'm
like self esteem one of the ones I want
to address though and I've had to say
this many times because I had two little
videos that are like me on the tight
show Jimmy Fallon or like clouds with
other people because that's usually I
get the most hate when I'm on talk shows
and I swear to god you have to be there
to know when I watch the videos and all
the hate comments like or where no one's
laughing at her jokes at the talk shows
please know what you hear on TV and in
the video is not
happening in the studio if no one was
laughing I would just like not address
it like I like move on I do stand-up
comedy if no one laughs I know how to
move on the reason I go is because
they're all laughing do just the mic is
just on me so if you're not there alive
you will never hear every time I watch
it just drives me crazy because it seems
like no one's laughing
but if no one was laughing I would just
make the joke and I'd be like anyways
moving on but I take that moment and you
hear the awkwardness because they're
laughing in real life the mic is only on
me I would not make this up I would be
honest and tell you they laugh every
single time they have to the studio
audience
there's producers and directors are
being like clap laughs like of a lie it
was a FedEx but we're here 13 cents are
paid or like Oh Steve that's Steve for
boots
I know $44 we my Indian just came up
that's what happening to me recently I'm
saying something and suddenly one of my
words have an I feel like I'm like when
do you think bottoms youth are the real
me and becoming them yes
he's like what on earth
those men like a four whole minutes and
this thing is imprinted from one page
and there's 277 in total so I'm just
like yeah yeah b-boy your plan you want
print are you going to stand there that
always you boy your plan what you plan
you know look like you're printing right
now you look like you're bomber as
camping right now pumping virgin my
lunch ah fine replica but spend hundred
dollars on office supplies now I think a
lot
no one said he wins the race there we go
more pages we got doesn't say very
informative
booyaka booyaka this is the man you
scare forever who needs to buy an
envelope when you can just use rubber
bands in paper maybe all right you want
a sneak peek oh hello lollie you want a
sneak peek in my book here we go
great oh it was 3:14 a.m. I'm one-fourth
done reading this behind asleep
realizing might not be possible to read
my entire book and ones things a little
bit delusional from you think but I did
make some edits so I'm thinking that
maybe I'll do these edits on my computer
there's really minor things so I don't
even think they're like because I do
have one more round that I can I'll make
really super minor changes to this is my
last chance make big changes but I feel
like because the second time I'm going
to it essentially I think I'm just going
to do these ones on the computer and see
how I feel banging steep second wind
here we go
okay I just sent it the time is 5:17 I
reviewed it pretty thoroughly but I rude
enough to still be able to go through
one more time with minor changes I don't
they live any little chain a bit big
changes so I'm feeling good about it
and I'm gonna go sleep because I'm very
sleepy trying to see things beer beep
this is the story of my life the story
of my life oh my nearing I'm sleepy
today well I think I worked really
really hard today that's why toilet talk
with Lily what a productive day I'm very
happy with today a lot of movements were
made a lot of things were done I feel in
myself I feel in myself
I'm it so funny when I put I'm feeling
myself as I talk very much so like
myself in the book and so when I put
like I was feeling myself
fedders like feeling like myself and I
was like not feeling myself so you look
like I think when you read it there's
gonna be no doubt that I wrote it I
don't think anyone's got a question if I
wrote it or not it is so me it sounds
exactly like me talking and I would be
like that about it like even some of the
jokes like I know they're lame but it's
just what how my brain thinks you know I
bought like almost tangents or I'm just
like I don't make no sense and it feels
like that's in the book if you want to
preorder a leasing book calm and very
excited about it
the next version I get all the
manuscript is gonna be the completed
like with a design pictures colors
everything and I'm really excited about
that so it's gonna be super super dope
you get to be on this journey with me
from gonna ring your room would hmm once
the management was done I can work on
properly promoting it which makes me
excited as well but I'm I said oh now
they give your name you might today
thank you for joining me on my today
thank you for joining me on my day Howie
you had a great day appreciate your
taking the time out of your day to like
listen to me and wash my face mr. Boies
yeah my nose I'm shy it is tomorrow is
super Thursday how this Monday and
Thursday comes I feel like those there's
nope I feel like the calendar is alive
because Monday
straight to Thursday because those days
come way too fast so I'm on our video I
have a meeting and I'm also going to
most likely go to Sabrina's concert
that's happening in LA which I'm very
excited about
that's crack-a-lackin' and Talon if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe not I show up that buddy
oh my god
well this is the best thing ever
