how would you describe I'll stab an evil
spirit
welcome AC fuzz we also harder
productivity lives you're all that
pulsed washed hair the next morning we
just say oh that volume it's gonna spend
five seconds I hope your day is going
well
everything is good baby baby what up
t-shirt reference we're gonna have a
very productive day I'm super happy
today because a humble is coming back
and I have a friend and I won't be bored
and lonely whenever I do something
there'll be someone to do something with
aka someone to be Napoles you have a
meeting with Kyle then I'm gonna take
Kyle's clothes off yeah you were right I
have a meeting with YouTube music got
another meeting for unicorn Island gold
mine box work on the script all that
more let's do it this here we don't do
nothing small we make sure everything is
big big whatever you're smalls up where
do you wrote a little bit of a live
today I don't say so myself
also first time wearing these shoes but
Brock had a great meeting with Kyle I
think we're both really happy about it
Thank You Oscar goes to
Shamu brilliant I see my post washed
hair beach waves right now like well if
I could always be like this
smell her mmm that's good right I was
like green apple I know that's probably
wrong but cuz I'm all the food groups
okay so my next meeting I was expecting
to just be shown a laptop and some paper
but look at this cool thing what is
YouTube news is this a record player is
that what the supposed to be this is a
briefcase is this like a prop think this
is a cool thing
it's a DJ case I'm so good I'm so good
look at me
so this is actually a tough Oh early
acts broke broke broke broke broke broke
broke broke broke
I'm so confused for the media I get to
keep this this is for me oh my god I
have the best job ever look at this look
at this I need someone to hang it on the
wall after great yeah he's awesome for
you I get a father
oh no you got a phone you good except
you guys don't get a phone but you got a
phone I get a phone this is a quality
this is a rose beer competing with yours
that was beautifully one like anyone
what you're competing them okay I am
shook to my mother Epping course it's
two years of voice isn't iam super
essentially what y'all did is y'all
changed your BIOS to the lyrics of
voices the logistical goals involved you
are the best I freaking love you you're
amazing you know we're just sitting here
like we would never do this I'm her
friend and I wouldn't do this that's why
you guys are more special than me you're
not wrong listen Kyle's you know I have
a great idea for vlog segment Kyle's
obviously the closest thing I have to a
boyfriend well that's real so I thought
I'm gonna give him a makeover and pick
some outfits for him but first let's get
into the details choose I think I would
describe my personal style as it's
simple how would you describe um an evil
spirit like kind of bold more kind of
like I don't have a soul I've never
experienced happiness he was a lot of
black and this just started dressing how
I dress which is my uniform was like a
black tea and some sort of pants
normally a jean or black shorts because
of a tour last year when we went on tour
I knew that I would not have access to
laundry or anything like that so I just
decided to buy it
mmm I kid you not 20 of the same black
t-shirts from the restroom and rocked
them the entire to her I'm in college
Jessica we need dresses because he
doesn't think he can pull off other
looks he thinks his for a black t-shirt
and jeans or shorts when you asked was
it that I can pull off a camel color I
look ridiculous you would assume that I
don't shop that much but I shop a lot
everywhere I go I'll buy a new black
Steve here at this point he is a sweeter
tank
he just needs to open up and embrace the
fashion I don't feel great about that
address area if I change Castile I would
let them experiment a little bit more I
think colors look great on name I think
is such a cute face is a time you know
booty not a jerk I'm nervous I know that
he likes a lot of color patterns and
colors also nervous that she thinks I'm
a smaller hand or bigger than I actually
and maybe not always ahead what same how
to school but I think is easier of us
first off welcome to my crib guess which
section is mine out of all of this 50
shades of black in his new look I want
Kyle to feel confidence I think the few
times he has stepped outside of his
comfort zone these solvable insecurities
look stupid like I wanted to words up
and be like you know what I'm a bum as
hell and I can pull this on your husband
King so confidence happiness most
importantly I want him to feel like he
can get any more brand deals one two
three
so for his makeover I picked a few
outfits that like I wasn't really sure
about but I was right shoes all black
for real updo the one round like I think
this is the one it's super outside of
the box it's like these lavender pens
having a button-up shirt so not anything
collar to pick up in these nails and you
can - love shoes we're gonna do this
cami is going to be a Quartermaine
mother effin buff hey Kyle you beautiful
with or without this makeover but also
I'm glad you did this makeover yeah
special guests here to see the makeover
are you excited excited oh my god are
you so excited you nurse oh my god this
is gonna be great he's nervous I'm
excited okay I think this first one is
by far the sexiest
I mean oh yes
boy me and Otto right direction so what
do you think okay this one I felt like
you could just open a lot of doors in a
lot of mediums that came out sexual but
I guess it could be you know I'm with a
thing it's a little snug but it's my
outfit so little clean showing I can see
myself you know nice Friday night
evening outfit do like Safari usually we
wear pants but I kind of am into this
I'm not that kind of lady now for the
real deal okay so this one admittedly
I'm a little nervous about I don't know
if this is good good I just want to make
him step super out of the box with a lot
of color so we'll see I'm not sure if
this is gonna look great but we go
laughing so that booty though
yeah I mean the twerking days are out
the window I would point out that taking
off the wedding ring was not part of the
look like he's told something that he
chose to do that you said I'm on you
person right now real talk how do you
feel
see this is my thing I want to just go
as far out of your comfort zone as I
could and I think this is it you went
there
this is what kind of translucence I'm a
little like you're never showing more
than I think I well maybe not I like to
your nets unfortunately I do right there
I wouldn't
this I would never buy this belt I would
never buy this shirt the shoes probably
would have thought they were girls shoes
but this is probably more like fitting
than things you wear as well right how
do you feel what think good
well you'll be it's all tucked away I
think you look great where would I wear
this though um out to the grocery store
I also get a lot tang where can you not
wear this is the question alright Stu
what you think I think that one looks
good yeah I like it
okay he's like I think I have no choice
and I have to say I liked it I get Kyle
in the other day what did you think
overall it's colorful it's a little
tighter than things that I only wear
which is like comfort it's a big thing
for me as a mall yep good where I think
you like certain events do I think this
will make me change my wardrobe ER and
color depends on students responsible
ater
overall I think it's a good experience
I've needed to do this for a while I
mean it's try new things don't think
I'll be doing the full 360 makeover
immediately for my whole wardrobe but I
will start to like maybe make more
effort to incorporate some colors maybe
not quite as much as this you know this
pant is aggressive yeah but I think he
looks dope he looks like a whole snack
especially feels like a la patio brunch
vibe he's so cute and I think he looks
great
um I probably changed the pant colors
like a darker color than this shirt
works well his shoes work well pants are
a little much I think he looks so cute
and I think you can pull off anything
cuz he's Kyle any bomb.com we're trying
to teach him to go through the door but
these are so heavy so never wear them
hey just working on some scripts now
we're to watch a movie how wonderful it
is to have a friend to watch movies
would look at this friend all the
friendship is happening I only came to
make friends yay what was reference Oh
with that on the end the vlog that's it
we did today
thank you for joining me make sure
you're supportive and you like Kyle no
his booty look damn fine when you're
watching this today new videos gonna
come on and it's a cute Tang it's back
to school kids versus adults I think she
showed some love if you want and if you
don't tell me to shut up it's fine I'm
Way too excited for ten o'clock p.m.
right now it's probably cuz I have
you
