I'm not having fun
good morning good afternoon okay first
of all Shh
what else is new I woke up at like 2:00
something because the jet lag ish and
the weather outside there's no Sun I
don't understand why Toronto is doing
this Toronto's acting like London right
now it's rainy and gloomy and my rooms
it's not dark my room is like all the
rooms are the start because it's so look
at this it's just really bad I woke up
with the killer migraine I tried to eat
breakfast but I still had to stop
buzzing a puke
I washed my hair I'll lie down for a bit
I have a lot of things to do today so I
cannot be unproductive all day but I
literally am one minute away from puking
my life up I just want to start my vlog
and tell you that lily has a migraine
the day is not starting off great we're
gonna turn it around as soon as we're
able here we go oh look I'm gonna
haunted house oh look it's a hundred
house okay so 6 p.m. it's little
brighter outside and manage to eat still
kind of like puking but I managed to eat
I go through my tea well get some work
done and maybe stretch maybe you need a
good stretch as well my body's a little
bit it's the change of climate the
playing all these things you should do
some water and honey some my voice
that's bad although I'm not the best
start like we said but we're gonna we're
gonna finish strong is what we're gonna
do so I just thought dog outside on my
lawn with the dogs that were in her
sweater so I'm like really someone owns
this dog and maybe the dogs lost I
should help this dog something watching
it and I'm like there's no owner nearby
so I go outside and I'm like try to get
this dog it's like her and I was like
okay dude well I'm home here outside and
she's like it's now a neighbor's we're
just next neighbors and they just like
always let their dog out without a leash
and I'm just like a cute little dog
where do you think we're taking car cuz
I would have liked
I thought maybe so last time I was there
I liked getting a good collar like
return it the hug was like away from me
sending my okay okay i'ma go back I said
walk on my super Monday video you pee on
my line you do what you need to do okay
look at this pretty lady
well I'm Shirley the funny story so I
always make fun of my mom
I believe she eats things at very
specific times like if she's eating
almonds I'll know that it's the time of
the day to eat OMPH ends again so my mom
just took a handful of skittles and I
was like you're eating skittles Oh mom
you shouldn't eat sweet things and she's
like her exact answer was yeah every day
after dinner a whole cookie oh my god
and then you think sometimes I have four
for skittles
oh my god oh my god do you ever have
more than four
yes I'm to me one of those Smarties the
Halloween shock is so bad I'm gonna
think of a video idea I know she wants
to go to a movie that for me to go I
have to finish my video in two and a
half hours okay guys give her some idea
they did already I just don't my neck
feels badly so I don't want to do
anything take a break then never never
be a spider
Oh struggle and a half since sitting
here for like hours my head feels so
heavy and I don't want to make a video
I'm debating I keep wanting to lie down
and I feel nauseous that's so weird the
medicines not really working my
shoulders feel I'm a-gonna old person
the shoulders feel like they're 100
pounds my headaches not completely gone
to super help me I don't know what's
happening I don't feel good
never nothing like all day
man times 8:30 my goal is to be done by
10 so I go to see a movie with nan who
I've done nothing part of me is like
just go see the movie and shut up but
I'll do this and do this after cuz
technically it's 5:30 you know I don't
know I'm like trying look I'm trying to
write it I have some of the Raymond but
I just
every time I state look at the screen
and sit here
my head's like stop it's office office
office daba daba daba stop stop my hair
smells nice they washed my hair she made
it she made it you know what complaining
no she was coming over it is 9:00 I'm
not going to try to look at my laptop
everything it's the light of my laptop
the piercing my eyeballs I don't know
we're gonna figure it out but then I
question is the movie if we go to movies
gonna hurt my head also I don't know
what it is I'm gonna stop biessing I'm
gonna stop staring at this laptop I've
been sitting in this spot for two hours
forcing myself to do it I'm like no I'm
freaking chill out live my life right
now and figure this out later on that
feel like puking more skittles that'll
help
okay let's talk because it's something's
on my mind is bothering me I you talk
about it feel better about it so um I
just got my mom to massage tiger balm
into my neck and so it's all icy cool
and so it's like nice but I feel guilty
for not working right now and I want to
talk about that I know you probably like
all rolling your eyes like really shut
up it's not a big deal just a video I've
even decided I might still make a video
when I come home I'm just choosing to
not sit there and force myself to make
one right now because I don't every time
I send my computer my shoulders like
tense up and I'm trying to lie down it's
just not an enjoyable situation and I
want to enjoy making videos and so I
talked about this a few vlogs ago but it
is becoming increasingly harder for me
to make videos by myself I you know some
people just make one a week and just do
that I don't know any that I like my two
videos a week and I'm not gonna change
that but if you're coming hard like when
I travel and when I'm doing a different
place that I'm in a different like I'm
in my house in Toronto like sometimes if
I need is in LA it's just like it's just
difficult to do things the day of you
know like work on a video on Monday for
Monday and I've talked about two blogs
go bhai wanna hire
and I'm in the process of trying to do
that that I've had the meetings I'm
trying to hire a team someone to like
help me edit a little bit they help me
produce things a little bit still my
ideas and still my my comedy and my
creatives and stuff but just more hands
on deck to help me do things and so I'm
just gonna kindly ask for a bit of your
patience until I get that all sorted out
because it's just a lot it's a lot to do
the videos the day of especially when I
just traveled and just like and I feel
really lame saying that because I feel
like it sounds so ungrateful like hey my
job is awesome and I get to do cool
things like I'm not I think that's why
I'm such a workaholic it's because they
know how awesome my job is yeah I don't
take that for granted I don't want to
just do nothing all day and be like ah
it's okay I have videos online anyways
know when I stick to my schedules I hope
he's gonna bit of a pass I might submit
a video when I come home but just give
you a heads up be a little patient with
me until I figure out my team because I
think I've reached the peak of being
able to do things by myself none of the
ideas I think of these days are possible
for me to do want to tripod and by
myself and they're just bigger better
ideas because that's how my brain is
evolving and I kind of like moving all
this to stand there right and I just can
do a nice can even right now but um I'm
gonna take a little bit easy for the
next few hours and then hopefully get
back into work mode but I just want to
get that out because I love you and I
felt guilty I don't want to say it and I
will conclude by saying I know when you
look at your favorite creator I'm
actually my gonna talk about the create
and talk about myself I want you to know
that a lot of things I do that it takes
a lot of effort in time and so even
though is just a video like I it's it's
hard to like write a script and rest I
had a video and perfect it and recorded
an edit in one day and so I need to make
a better schedule and so thank you for
your patience as far and that's why I
always feel guilty I just want to
explain to you now my shout out play
stop talking now okay bye
I instantly feel better all I needed was
a no cheese energy I swear to God I feel
better
like get out of the house and like do
something yeah I told myself really
gonna walk to the supermarket to buy
pasta with all of our methods yeah not
just moving I already feel read I love
you you're my medicine
no she met medicine you know you know
this butters mayor does oh for I know
that was pretty good I got like we ate a
lot of the popcorn also we've almost
flush the popcorn like you're like dad
babe it was good also you know you made
it in life from the last day in this
theater later because there's a Berlin
fans because yeah because usually they
kick us out but they're like no it's
okay just take says we're like 30 40
minutes till the movie ended we up it oh
this way
well I'm gonna pee myself okay go go go
okay go pee I'm contouring is really
good I feel rejuvenated but during the
movie my head started hurting in I don't
where it is
I need Arthur I need a massage I don't
know what it is I'm just a very specific
thing don't make fun of me but when I
sit on the left side of a plane I've
noticed I always get migraines cuz the
left side of my head and my neck always
hurt so when I sit on the left not to do
that it always hurts so I'll try it on
the right of the plane but this time
there was no right side tickets so this
is all me just being a brat and
complaining to you but the movie was
good I'm gonna go home I'm gonna still
do some work because I'm not sleepy I
got rejuvenated by nanny
so yeah making an entrance
festival week speaking of festival week
my shells give me a wee damn Sykes back
home
here's one a.m. let's do this video I'm
committed I have every intention do this
video so head listen to me head don't
you f with me okay we're doing this
video I spit in your face it's 2:00 a.m.
my head is kind of hurting but not
hurting enough to stop me I finished
writing my script mother sat at my
camera I'll do my makeup this video
welcome out it will happen super Monday
will be a thing I'm rejuvenated I was
not feeling well earlier rivals
persevere now because that's what we do
throughout the day we improve and we
evolve okay yes so that's never gonna
change this house crappy I am I don't
know how this ring light goes on this I
haven't gonna figure it out so I've
literally taped it like on to this I
don't know I'm just making it up as I go
along and open for the best I am so
pissed off right now because I pretty
much finished my video and then my
camera randomly turned off and now the
files are all corrupted which means I
have to record the video again do you
know how annoying that is for me right
now
because I I did so well I was even
recording I was like holy crap I'm doing
so well in this video I don't know why
my camera just turned off I don't know
why now
I'm doing something I've done many times
in my life buying cloth soft words see
if I can repair this corrupted file this
is my current status it's 3:00 a.m. I'm
finishing the rest of my video because
number cards at the computer now getting
scanned so I can't even do that yay
alright well I spend like $100 in
software now and I managed to get half
of the fought footage but it's still
corrupted because the audio is effed up
and I do not want to record this again I
am so mother effing annoyed right now
I'm so annoyed I want to cry I'm so
annoyed that I persevered and of all
things my camera didn't even warn me the
battery's dying just shut off so
annoying I am so annoyed it's for EMFs
I'm going to sleep I'm so damn annoyed
and I'm not spending any more money and
doing this and I'm not receiving it I'm
not doing it it is for I am I'm going to
sleep I'm going to reshoot this video on
Thursday and release it for Thursday I'm
sorry there won't be a video but I will
I absolutely cannot stand there again
and reshoot what I just shot because I
took so damn long to do and it was so
good the first time I did it and now I'm
just annoyed and I will not be able to
do it well again so such as life it's
okay worse things have happened it's
fine Lily my downstairs washer which the
white looks different I know this is not
been a positive log I have been
complaining and I've been that and now
I'm annoyed and I have was not in my
throat because I want to cry because the
video was so good and it was good in the
sense I like I was improving a lot and
doing things that weren't in my script I
know just like it was in a good zone and
flow and I'm so annoyed because I wasted
the last four hours of my life when I
couldn't sleeping because my head was
hurting for instance anyway it's not
your fault it's not your fault it's not
you know what worse things have happened
to people I'm still blessed with the
life full of firstworldproblems this is
not a problem that needs to be
complained about because I'm still very
blessed with a whole bunch of other
stuff you know
cool well I like these towels okay I'm
gonna go eat something
man the vlog I'm gonna set my bed I'm
gonna send out a little bit and it's
okay my script for Thursday's done we
shoot the video it's fine
I apologize there's no new video but
it's good I hope you had a great day
thanks for joining me on my day thank
you for joining me on my day hope it a
good day and tomorrow will be a better
day and it's fine tomorrow we have text
where we day and we are gonna stay
downtown I believe so
that's the vibes if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe so
I'm taking my mom to Barcelona for her
birthday
as you know as you all already know this
and the process to plan this trip alone
should be a Christmas gift an Easter
gift I'll make apologies don't even
celebrate the same patcher today all
those gifts is gonna be combined into
this Kwanzaa
