- on point today
good morning I woke up at 7:45 it is
8:45 who is at the YouTube space I am
like 15 20 minutes early for my call
time because I'd like y'all I must start
the day still on point I'm adding still
on point last night I didn't write the
whole video but I have my video idea
so some I can't actually shoot at spaces
I need my family room but I'm actually
when I get home that's the plan even if
I get home I'm really really late the
plan is to still shoot it and hopefully
I stick to that but we'll see what
happens let's look at this tree is this
the tree or my hair oh it's my hair I
thought those are palm tree behind me
that's after my hair was but we have a
shoot today it's a secret shoot so I
can't me tell you too much I'll show you
who's in it and stuff but I'm not gonna
tell you like what's about cuz I'm Lea
excited but it's gonna be dope this idea
I've had in my brain for like two or
three years so I'm very excited that
it's finally happening I'm very very
very excited but it's going on no one's
tired I'm a little tired but no one's
tired I'm a little tired but they say
that a little tired but we don't have
the best possible day twelve hours of
time I'm gonna be here way later than
that because like when I have my shoots
it's like if the crews still here I'm
like I help out where I can you know I
mean I feel like teamwork makes the
dream work a long day ahead of us
country lots of watery lots of fruit eat
lots of skittles that's gonna be my
fruit obviously have a good day
something I love about the YouTube
spaces they know me so well so they let
me play so like yeah I just go back in
the back and check and so I'm in the
perfection like cage looking through
some costumes and props and stuff fine
fine fine
no is so many hours later it is 12:02
a.m. and I just got home and I took a
great poop and it was a great shoot it
was so much fun it was probably one
probably one of the most fighting shoots
I've ever been on
so I was really cool and now I got to do
two things that I have a deadline for
for I sleep and a video and I don't want
to give up I want to try at least try to
make a video
so that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
try to make a video right now because we
have opportunities and we should hustle
when we have these opportunities and so
Nashville shop let's dig deep here dig
deep if I can do it you can do it if you
can do it I can do it just to get it
like out that's the end of that story
it's 2:00 a.m. and I'm it's not even
I've completely given up I know I can
record the video and I wrote it and I
know I can record it it's just not I'd
like the idea a lot and it's not as good
as it could be because I'm so tired it's
like I'm reading it I'm like this is
like 70% good so I'm just gonna record
it tomorrow release tomorrow because I
would just hate to take this idea cuz I
like it and not do well so I apologize
I'm gonna Blues it tomorrow
it's - imma go to bed and look back it's
really hurting a lot of rigorous
activity on set today but once again I
didn't follow much today so I'm gonna
combine this law with tomorrow I'm sorry
I have to keep doing this but you
already know I'm doing the cool shoots
and I want to give it away so I combine
this with tomorrow so don't try to talk
but I will see you the next clip will be
morning time babe oh my god I'm dying my
body is so broken from yesterday's shoot
my back oh my god I feel like I was
friggin beaten with a bat like that's it
and I messaged everyone else in the
shoot and they were all like yo we have
moved it's 2 p.m. I just gonna call him
that I feel like I can't even get up um
and so it's fate it's gonna be a great
day what's poppin just finished a
meeting that was in my house oh my god
my body
ee-ha my body tells I really have time
for massage today I'm gonna like I have
to put some tiger balm all over my body
but I'm about to shoot the video today
even those Tuesday kind of said I was
going to do it yesterday until yesterday
and I like Tiffany I didn't have Sun and
have all the things I need to shoot the
video so I'm gonna do that I have a
window button I would have to get done
and that's what's going on this corner
not gonna do it always have this F I
just first recording at 5:14 I'm hoping
I came down by six because I need to get
ready to go to haters back off premiere
so I'm excited about um really you know
massage I know I keep complaining about
my body hurts so much and just pressing
this kills but I had a massage a couple
days ago and I don't think getting
massages that often is good and an off
time so I'm gonna tough it out we're
gonna edit right now and now we're gonna
do some other work no you ready don't
worry too sick outfit for this to the
premiere same is gonna come with not a
Colin soon me Sarah's minutes there and
necess crack-a-lackin' y'all know you
know check out my outfit of the night
though you know I'm saying representing
bait haters back off casual things is no
carpets I can be casual AF I'm so
excited because I know Colleen is so
excited about this this is like her 82
why because it's in the sense I like how
passionate I was what h2i she's so
passionate about this and I'm so excited
go support her and swag flock because
she's from LA and flaky so we're heading
there we do with them here's back up and
go we're here we're here we're here
we're here we're here we're here we're
here nice yas what up to show my friends
oh look a bang look up to me looks to
take a picture man I'm here I'm gonna
bug anyway
what what what why one look at it
let's talk about colleen's show is so
good I'm so proud of it so much I'm so
friggin proud of right I freakin love
her and the sweetest thing happened I
didn't tell you guys
her dad came up to me and gave me
actually because like thanks for being
such a good friend to call he knows like
that is so sweet of course but I'm so
proud of her too so good October 14th
haters back off
what about to be shot reference make
sure you support it my homegirl I'm so
proud of her I loved her you did so good
on it and now we have all this pizza
this is a very large pizza that you
ordered I know I know it's actually
really good not holding your crotch yeah
happy crotch happy times
yes everyone needs to shut up and stop
everything for a second the most
ridiculous thing just happened the most
ridiculous moment I've ever experienced
with Kyle just took place right now what
happened was not up to code these cops
because she doesn't like to use my real
glasses she does why we watch them or
something I don't know
and then I was like what are you doing
starting a flip Cup game for three and I
was like laughs laughs and then he said
then get this he said Kyle said because
I would dominate that and I started
laughing cuz I thought oh yeah you're
joking he's like no I'm not joking I'm
like oh my god is this happening right
now are you okay I'm sorry are you gonna
establish what the cheer is in the
beginning okay yeah that's it for me how
do we do it
we already lost I suck
anyone else I think maybe in up
game just put the camera here I'm next I
got winner these fools yet again
someone has chosen to take challenge
mama unicorn that was my disadvantage my
hair wasn't
right okay wait doing them shoot them
down
oh not a get it girl
not a girl my face you're not better
than me I'm gonna be a sore loser there
we go okay sportsmanship top select top
oh my god I love those fools okay I got
ready and war one outfit literally one
and this is what happened this is what
happened off we try it and I still
haven't unpacked oh my god some things
that are change I am going to walk over
here now and sit onto the toilet
why why do I do such things done it
stuck with Lele
thank you for joining me on my date
today
I said it before I'll say it again I'm
so proud of Colleen and I just I'm so
happy and I know it really means a lot
to her so just happy for her um
and we're also usually I just want to
play some epic I'm gonna say I'm
not a sir I have a funny bone
mother-effer I'm not a bad sport like
not a beat me fair and square black I
don't believe either of them are better
than me I'm just gonna this is the one
thing this is the one thing where I'm
like listen I'll let you have everything
else but not with them but I was very
impressed with her abilities very
impressed I am going to go to bed wash
my face put all these clothes tomorrow I
have a shoot I have a meeting in the
morning then have a shoot and then oh my
god my free after my four reacted I
should go to my house and figure that
situation oh is what I should do um yeah
I hope you had a great day and if you
didn't it's okay because you can always
make tomorrow back or even right now
better it is all under control it is in
your control and you can make it happen
I love you very much if you liked it
subscribe if you liked it subscribe that
transformation this is you guys get
calling so I mean Miranda some dope
stuff like you got some dope fan gifts
these are really cool they're the best
oh my god I had this named head massager
is the best you ever use that okay seven
seconds ago when talking about are you
Guinea
