yeah I know there's an angel in my
apartment
so I just wanna play an hour ago and I'm
but you the best YouTube video on the
face of the planet are you ready for
this in this video I have been asked
someone text was like yo do you might be
in this video I'm like what's the video
I was like wait when we do this it and
like eat Chipotle and I'm like sign me
up motha f'n three times what do you
mean this is the best thing ever so I
would eat well with this angel face
right here those do they don't know who
this is first of all stop second of all
she has the commas comest energy unlike
me one but she's like hello I'm actually
very good at eating okay at least you
can be totally really really fast I'm a
bit stressed because tell him faster
than this this handsome guy over here
lavertus TV it's really really fast and
I don't think I can get it fast I know I
can give a lot of it I don't know what
fast we're gonna find out but um I mean
I'm not opposed to shooting this
challenge three four times do we need to
on different days just saying Matty's
such a sweetheart I think she's so buddy
and she's so sweet hey it's gonna be a
great day I'm feeling great I think you
should be feeling great feeling energy
flow and just energy have a great day
that's brewing right now and her husband
is so sweet you use this wire and like
did this backup so neat and sweet I
appreciate that
I just meant she's Maddy I wish it
another collaboration later on today I'm
gonna get some work done it is Sunday so
I want to rejuvenate a little bit
I got a vacuum I got a sweep I gotta
clean my washroom DOS do a little bit of
rejuvenation
but feeling good I'm not gonna like this
shirt I don't know whose it is someone
left it at my house during my birthday
party I feel like as Bethany's I'm not
sure either way I'm wearing it but
whoever's it is they smell great
I will never get sick of that man's
voice never ever ever ever ever I feel
so blessed to have his voice as my
friend I finished cleaning my washing
that washroom I sweep feeling good being
productive I'm in my zone today I'm not
gonna hide myself with too much cuz we
know every time I stay I'm in the zone I
end up watching like 17 hours of TV so
I'm saying currently I'm in the zone
standby for more zone this it's so hot I
love it I feel it myself that day
a base house right now having some
romantic time my baby we've been like
hanging we watched the sunset we did it
was really nice actually like I know
what kind of joking actually really nice
like deep conversation and and I just
want to say that this girl's amazing cuz
I was I was like snapchatting the sunset
and she goes put your phone down and be
in the moment right now and I was like
so Bristlecone real talk like that's a
real friend to be like put your phone
down and I was like okay and I put my
phone down and we just watched the
sunset and talked and like had emotion
is amazing good promotion yeah we still
need to ice cream also yeah I didn't
just buy the ice cream there like is it
I brought me ice cream and flowers and
wine would you have not corrected him
but I bought Nitza so I know you did
yeah you're right the best feeling ever
I bought pizza so like that was my
contribution to her fridge and I think
we're shooting by the way I told you
before we even remember here's back off
I'm table 14 oh my god good impression I
mean I know I do I do it a lot of
speeches actually I do want to go around
a thing because obviously you're my main
danyoung people know I have like
attachment shoes October 14th and I'm
really excited like I'm literally
booking off the DAP a scuba my idea I'm
booking off that day to watch all eight
episode yeah I'm too excited I'm so
excited yeah and the premiere is on
Tuesday and I'm gonna wear a Miranda
shirt I was like oh I have to pick one
out so we have my Miranda closet oh my
god we have all these shirts up here oh
good this Mertz um oh look at all this
swag sure loves it is zero horrendous
this is authority about this please do
tell so this was my dad's shirt I was in
London it was the first time I went to
London as Miranda like new years ago
yeah and I didn't have him register and
my dad took the shirt off his back and
gave it to me and then I stole it and I
kept it forever and then the streamys
last year I bedazzled it and I wore this
on the red carpet where my dad sure
gods man jeath my dad character would
rock this oh this is like a hundred -
why does my father and Manjeet wear the
same example where does he think fun I'm
not gonna lie I walked in here I was a
little bit horrified as soon as because
I wasn't expecting all of this but this
oh my god
that's the public I am horrified
horrified but I am look this is exactly
like you I would just like to say I know
the artwork is amazing
from these cutie-patootie oh my god we
actually had a deep conversation about
how much we love you
yes actually dad like we have a diverse
a Cheban emotion about like our audience
amazing that's true can we shoot some
stuff also less than a thousand away
from 7 million subscribers a nice things
to say I'm just like holding my own I'm
gonna ask so many questions but I just
wanted to point out that there's
handcuffs here and I'm not going to ask
any fact there's many hang tough oh my
god
that transformation this is you guys get
calling so I mean Miranda some dope
stuff like you got some dope fan gifts
these are really cool they're the best
oh my god I have this named head
massager is the best do you ever use
that ok 7 seconds ago
Wayne talking to mine are you keen
literally my heart is like you know when
you see someone you love that's all my
heart's doing right now you're like like
I just am in love that was pretty epic
the camera went on me and I was going
around and it was I was
this is how people feel women Gees and
bottom teeth oh my god this is how you
feel this is crazy I am away stood on
the way home I was like on your way home
you're gonna stop and go grocery
shopping and I think oh I forgot what's
wrong with me but you stay out of this
okay what is wrong with me yeah it was
so so nice to spend time with Colleen
her family is wonderful I'm in love with
her families when I see her um it was so
pleasant and he ate pizza and had ice
cream and it was great um and not it's
10:00 North 11:05 and technically I
should be making a video because
tomorrow I have an all-day shoe when I
say all day I mean like 8:00 a.m. to
like midnight probably so I need to make
a video I should be making a video and I
have a few other things to do I just
went through my emails put him to bed if
I should go grocery shopping I know what
kind of weight it's not I've washed my
hair too you know I should wash my hair
because that my hair will need to dry
you know right right hey everybody
yeah yeah yeah
everybody here rock your body right
backstreet's back I don't have that song
stuck in my head running we have no idea
why but rich know I'm mad about it
backstreet's always bad match another
left yeah I mean I finished washing my
hair as you can see obviously and it is
about midnight I have a shoot tomorrow
my call time is 9 which means after
leave my house at 8 which means have to
wait about 7:30 so in 7 a half hours so
I'm debating to a while I'm in bed right
in my video and then find some time
tomorrow maybe during lunch maybe when I
come back to shoot it because it
realistic I won't be able to write put
on my makeup and shoot my video because
I'm gonna be dead for tomorrow and
tomorrow's like a really really long
shoot so I don't wanna do that I'm sorry
this thing is the way that's something
about right now but freshmen go drink
some water
thank you for joining me on today's such
a great day filled with so many
wonderful people clap with Maddie
collabed with Colleen I just great atoll
our chipotle was a good take it was a
good day I am going to lie in bed do
some work and then fall asleep and
tomorrow's excited for awesome holidays
right again it's a secret shoots I don't
know how much I can blog but I'm gonna
try my best to vlog but don't be mad at
me okay Thomas a dry spot here mmm bindi
oh yeah tell ever ever go to bed hope
you had a great day tomorrow we gonna
hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle you
know why because we're blessed and we
have opportunities we've been placed in
a position in an environment where we
can hustle thus we should hustle to the
best of our ability for those who are
not able to have the opportunities we
have that is why so we gonna keep doing
it Wow if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe so many secrets oh my
but right now we're doing it here and
makeup test my hair let me try to get as
big as possible why y'all never know
until later when I tell you bye
