today are the streamys
good morning I asked about ten had a
call on back to bed for 15 minutes woke
up again had a call at 11:00 woke up
wash my hair check this out all right I
even shaved just in case my stylist is
bring like two or three different
outfits and only one of them requires a
shame but as I go just in case let me
shave this thing right here so it's in
the shower 45 minute but Big John we
swore smooth right now we have a baby's
bottom like a baby's bottom with butter
and Benjamin's the mouse mr. smooth I
was writing for three months I'm a pig
and crusty but so small red can you fit
me right now fill it so nice I'm wearing
my one bra that I wear what a video
reference from yesterday why am I so
light because I get to tell my friends
today check out the streamys and I'm I
just can be real for a second can we be
real I know it's a lot of energy for
first thing good luck in real you know
what it is I changed the color of my
towel and it's yellow and so like I feel
rejuvenated but what it is is I'm gonna
just say award shows for me I'd be lying
I think they're weird I think they're a
little bit weird and that's why I
overcome and say about being like no I
don't care if I win I don't care because
I'm being honest with you I think
they're weird I think it's weird to
compete against my friends I think it's
weird to ask you to vote for things I
also in my heart believe that there's no
voting system that could be hacked urine
and I just I don't know I just
of course winning awards feels great and
I'd be lying if I was like no I don't
care at all but no of course when I win
it feels great but when I lose I
honestly don't feel horrible like it's
just weird because I started YouTube
after so many of the people that I see
at these events and I look up to them
still you've known that my friends just
ever was just weird to me but I'm very
honored and very blessed to be nominated
were nominated for a feature praise to
you I and Entertainer of the Year
my stars on her weight no China thumb
cross I should put on some cream because
my hope my friggin arm it's just like
sandpaper
I didn't end o you who I love Nintendo
Nintendo sent me
and James oh I know why they did this I
tweeted like a few months ago being like
I wish there was a game where Princess
Peach saved Mario and apparently there
is that is so dope oh my god
we got this let's take it Super Smash
Bros oh I'm so spoiled in the charger
thank you so much I am oil bright right
now Lilly we saw a tweet that said you
want to play a game with Princess Peach
saving Mario well you're in luck we
already made one it's called super
Princess Peach and I launched a Nintendo
DS 2006 it's a fun game and it feels
pretty cool to play as one of the
mushrooms kingdom's most powerful and
recognizable female heroes we included
the game as well as some of the other
games that super strong that star super
strong female characters like Super
Smash Bros I love this
we're big fans of a girl of Moomin your
friends at Nintendo know thank you so
much everyone go treat Nintendo right
now being like that is dope I appreciate
that cuz I tweeted it not knowing I was
like is there a game that exists like
that and everyone's like there is and
the fact that they sent it to me some
girl love Thank You nin tada
good this is a wait already I'm
overcompensating dr. lee ok-sun and you
said I could wear my girl love bracelet
now you happy
my nails admired everything that uh egg
my outfit make it to our flats this is
the face of a girl who gets to wear
flats because I think it her idea were
little bit easier if I wore heels but
I'm like I like to reflect and she
accommodate being different is amazing
same bra yesterday by the
all right I just were herself feeling
good I joined the scammers over there I
just met her and took a picture him I
should ask there should be first someone
hurt me but I have no chill this is
everything I've ever wanted in life and
more Jon the scammer hi this is I can go
home right anything else I am living
iconic funny
move it just finish the carpet shows
about to start Kyle's and ghosts in the
audience which means one of part ways
with you for a little bit but you'll be
a good hands between Kyle's hands and
I'm like anxious I don't know why I'm
excited to be around all my friends nor
is every time I'm around this group of
people
I just feel overwhelmed because these
are all the people that have inspired me
to start where I started so I think
that's what is every time the stream is
like oh my friends are so cool and
that's how I feel but anyways we're
gonna do the thing positive blog I've
seen a little bit me
I was like that you deserve me
supported
I swear I'll bring it all day today I
swear to god I'll bring it all day
yeah I couldn't
we have ever met
right here
everyone's at this table so it's going
to be great
that'll be good I see while Uzi
situation
in the world like this
you see
with all their best Halloween looks here
are the nominees for best first person
series
holiday
we're gonna do something
get ready for this
anyway we are going to be reading each
other's lines oh my god
hi everyone my name see anything
and my name is Anthony Padilla a
slightly bearded man who is shorter than
an Anthony I'm very excited to present
the award for best feature me to you and
was my best friend Ian going to left we
actually also have our own feature go
space so I wrote down my best friend
Anthony here is extremely narcissistic
and just couldn't help myself own our
own movie for a second let's get on to
the actual nominations use an original
video from Brock steps with our stream
and nominees for feature take a look
Peter but it's for them I love
restraints
it's been every eight years obviously in
that state now they spend nights
watching the money
three Negroes to
party overdrafting
Thank You mighty men to swing
it's pretty cool to say that my
childhood carol was in my first feature
the message of the movie because it was
one of the most difficult lesson that
and that is the hardest thing you will
ever fight for in life what is the only
thing before
waiting for me look believe that no one
has the right
our trip to unicorn Island our brain
baby look at these people oh my god you
only people are behind this like it's
not me it's a lot of people that are
behind this is really really cool I was
telling everyone that like this is all
my brain baby this is not comedy and
this is not like a YouTube video this is
an important thing in a big part of my
life and so special time I recognized
thank you kosnov's wanted you to read
both team to super for watching rock for
being in it has heard the speech maybe
you didn't I hope I thanked everyone I
was stressed okay good I was a thank you
yeah okay good thank you how are you
good
first off I want to dedicate this award
to the deal Emperor as the best I'm
immune to this year I became one of the
most hated youtubers on the platform
that's maybe because I let myself want
to be in the face or maybe because I
came out said 99% of the pranks on
YouTube are fake but I want to say this
for a long time I look at myself in the
mirror and I base myself based on what I
read on the comments I felt worthless
I hug Levi called gay I gotta say
somebody told me but I reminded myself
the two most important words in my life
that I use for myself whenever I was
invited my mental illness those two
words are high end because everything
when I look at myself to mirror my
myself I am powerful I am strong I am
confident I am beautiful I am worthy and
I'm good enough to be on the stage
tonight
one of the comments was telling me that
I should leave YouTube for whatever
reason I believed in myself beauty isn't
what we have on the outside but it's who
we are as a person on the inside and as
long as you all embrace and believe that
in ourselves then you have no idea how
beautiful we all are on the outside I'm
happy and proud to be the
it's not you we were like on this door
it's so weird
after party I think that's what's
happening on the friends out here and
hate to you I and girl love both my
passion project some talk about later
though later relators waiting for the
after party it's way too far it was a
capacities rent Alex this place I'm
stealing all of his clothes and the
change that's going on right now we
ordered food fries pizza I'm excited
Kyle's here 90 days here this was very
well
that's was them
oh that's just no okay oh this one this
one this one he's not baby I was
pointing to the zebra and he got
confused but we'll go with that
I'm out here in the real world I'm gonna
get someone not an actress a real human
what's your name save me
what are you where your lips it's been
several hours it seems have you touched
it I haven't touched it since 3:30 I
swear
so you would say a last long than an
o'clock okay I mean everything drink
everything that's odd because I've also
done the same thing and my lips are also
me Megan dude yeah who said the same
things actually on my snapchat we have
seen all three of us you seen your
pictures our lipstick on boy is that
what bag up my place I'm about to watch
a movie
I'm so excited shake my Spanx off I'm
too excited to check my Spanx off right
now
eight it to you I won I'll sign them how
it's so special that girl love and ATT
you I won both my brain babies it's very
very special and overwhelmed but I also
told them and full disclosure I know I
don't I don't feel like awards in my
thing like I'm really grateful but the
second I walked offstage I was like
that's great and I feel only giving
recognize like does it mean more to me
than like selling the girl lover V keys
or the Kenya trip no okay right there
like I don't know I like them but it's
like what I was I was happy that like
I'm so happy Liza one for break break
artists I saw every useful one for
trainer I was like Casey nice I prefer
certain series well deserved he sold
mother from talented yeah I was just
really cool to see everyone but and I'm
so grateful and thank you for being so
supportive and girl who needs to get was
we're gonna dope very good
don't yeah you have to say these ask
I'll just did oh they're good doesn't
really really really really dope but
like I said before we're not enter for
the awards point it because we're
changing people's lives
don't ya go Spanx up who done well la we
should watch the weirdest horror movie
with so freaking weird now it's 3 a.m.
and I'm gonna go to bed I'm so tired
when it used all of my power to try to
wash my face right now cuz a lot of
makeup on me um it's you and girl up on
a string it's so great Oh a weird show a
weird chosen award shows are weird man I
I'm just not I'm not a fan it's like
it's like 80% fun like it's fun cuz they
just my friends let's just such a weird
vibe like even sitting behind youth
besides the use of like we're friends
and almost categories like weird to me I
don't know what it is I just I don't
know oh no it's weird maybe I don't know
maybe it's just me and I'm strange I
don't know I'm stop saying I don't know
but I feel really special about htin
girl of one and that sounds really
special my passion projects me to babies
so it's want my babies to go out there
and change the world and I would hope
that they're doing that it was good to
see everyone and tomorrow I got some
exciting stuff and I can tell you what
it is yet you'll have to wait till
tomorrow to find good but thank you for
continuous support don't you even for
one second or even a millisecond feel
any type of way about not winning
Entertainer of the Year seems super you
know awards are great but that's not how
we define ourselves and everyone
deserves recognition everyone deserves
like to win stuff we all work so hard
all creators work so so hard so don't
feel no type of way um it let me so much
and thank you for support I'm gonna take
off my hair looks kind of dope though I
kind of like it let's be really apt up
in two seconds oh my god thank you for
joining me today hope you had a
wonderful day well then you left hugs
and kisses if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe I spot me
unicorn farts I don't know what this is
a bag of unicorn parts this is a rainbow
of smiles inside 100% magical on a
resume majestic 100% mythical ten
percent of all profits donated to the
unicorn Children's Foundation I have no
idea what's inside this bag let's find
out
