here it is my newest vision board oh my
god we also harder and productivity
lives here it is Sunday yesterday I went
to a party I put on eyeliner after so
long it was a whole vibe role babysat
Scarborough which is drag who
Scarborough loves rowing loves cookie Oh
Kate is the cutest thing we're like
cookie will jump on the highest possible
thing in the house and Scarborough
obviously can't jump behind couch and
scarf was like I can't get there so
that's the cutest thing to watch but he
had a great time thank you rob being a
best babysitter ever today here is the
mission so really exciting stuff are you
ready you better sit down for this go to
my Inbox how excited I got it right
scoop one write script - I gotta get in
focus there I am watch a bunch of TV
shows for research I know I said this a
few days ago I did not do it but I'm
gonna do it today and I'm going to make
a new vision board all that more let's
do it in fact I always beat Scarborough
before myself in hopes that when I eat
breakfast
he won't beg me for it let's see cue
breakfast montage if you ever didn't
know what the word basic means it's this
it's this right here it's this with this
place next to a book suit now we'll eat
mm-hmm mm-hmm
when your plan is a fail it's my
breakfast baby you have breakfast
already you know I really like weekends
because I get to have breakfast here
pretty often outside on my patio and
here I only do one thing I try not to
watch things on my phone or on TV I try
to just look around and be grateful I
try just go
the weather's really nice I'm really
grateful otherwise really nice this tree
is so pretty I'm so glad that this tree
is right here so I can see this tree I'm
so glad I get to cook this food that a
lot of people's I just like keep saying
because if I set the tone for the day
like having an abundance of gratitude
you should try it
Scarborough just pooed and peed in the
right spot
well I'm a belly full up and I just feel
it in myself that I'm just gonna kill
the game so you know those days when you
wake up you're like you're today oh I'm
gonna make this motherfucka movement
obviously the patio today as you can see
my most aesthetically pleasing Instagram
story I posted first order of business
is I am going to brainstorm ways to make
this vlog channel a little more popping
not because I think anything's wrong
with the but every once in a while I
like to revamp things and be like what
can we improve because there is always
room for improvement no matter what dun
dun dun dun dun that's not only Nicki
Minaj's booty that is my status of that
blog email also I just planned out all
my videos until the end of this month so
as it's like six videos that I know the
creative of I need to rep annoying the
creative is half the battle I'm killing
it a lot of them are musical so if you
into that get excited if you not wax it
anyone me five minutes after I shave as
expected killing the game finished my
first script I'm trying to this thing
runs back-to-school season and I like
making back to school videos I know what
you're thinking but you don't even go to
school and I'm just like can you calm
down let me explain basically I'll go to
school I haven't got to school for a
long time but I still really like
back-to-school time when I was younger
like there is just so many funny things
that happened the first day of class and
prepping in the nerves I like to take a
walk down memory lane so let me live
what does separate oh my back to school
ideas that I like three or four I'm
gonna do some other videos in between so
one of the videos is about did you know
ooh BRR drivers can rate you as a
passenger yeah oh no okay I want to
finish my second script by 7:00 p.m. n
okie dokie I did all the things I ate
finished writing now it is time to
create some visions so for those of you
that don't know a vision board is
basically a place where you cut and
paste images onto a board those images
supposed to represent all the things you
want to accomplish in life and the
rulers are supposed to have no barriers
you're not supposed to be like oh well
I'm never gonna get fatter
oh is that unrealistic you just put
everything you want in your wildest
dreams on this board I'm actually on my
third vision board I made one in Toronto
and then I updated it and this will be
my third one I'm making my first were in
LA unfortunately I'm not in Toronto so I
told my mom to send me a picture of my
old vision and we'll be right here this
is pretty emotional and cool because
looking at my vision
like I've accomplished a lot go through
this at the top is Dubai I've been there
twice now for tours verified account on
Twitter like that that happened of a
long time ago Shahrukh Khan I got
invited to his house Nicki Minaj I
haven't met her yet but she does follow
me we've deemed a few times five oh my
goodness look at this five million
subscribers
I made this vision board what I wanted
to reach five million subscribers
speaking of which today just now a few
minutes ago we reached 14 million
subscribers Cheers
- hold on cheers to you 14 million
members of team super what a timely
thing literally a few minutes ago as I
was looking at my old vision board thank
you to each and every one of you who
subscribe to watch my video who comments
and I know my videos aren't always the
trendiest and you still stuck by me and
stuck by my content and it means the
world to me thank you so so so much the
numbers don't matter but you matter so
Cheers oh my god there's a picture of
Hollywood Oh Mike you know what your
people vision boards when you look at
you're old and you like oh my god like
it's strange how you couldn't manifest
things the Hollywood sign I made this
when I was living in Toronto and I had
no plans of moving to LA you could see
the Hollywood sign for my room
like holy crap grandpa Chopra well I was
a Pantene Girl with throughout Jenna
collab with her Selena Gomez I've met
many time Wayne is now my good friend
Drake I've met as well Jesus Christ
Streamy Awards um this is you know when
I made this I was one me and humble lost
and I was like I hope I can win a stream
what I've won like three or four now I
know would you like a tour I've been on
two since I've made this oh my god I
mean a puppy on my vision board
seriously old oh my god remember that my
vision look you're a vision sweetheart
look at you look at you your vision is
your vision boom oh thank you sweet boy
I accomplished a lot of things on this
vision board holy crap there's no let me
just say I'm so grateful to say that I'm
so grateful to say I've accomplished so
many things on my vision board like
that's incredible and phenom
thank you to everyone that supported me
and I'm grateful and thank you god
that's that's amazing like looking back
I just finally subscribe verified
account like oh my goodness oh my
goodness
TC congratulations umami let's make a
new vision board and we call reach for
the stars
okay so I definitely have way more
pictures than I have space on this
bristol board right now there's support
the Canadian thing I think I think
Americans called presentation board
either way we overlap my glue stick is
purple and it's taking all of my energy
to not eat it I I might explain some of
the pieces I'm putting on my vision
board as I'm doing it let's start off
with two people will always be on my
vision board no matter how many times I
meet them that's Dwayne and Selena
because it's not about meeting these
people I literally want my careers to be
fashioned after these people with Dwayne
I really would like to work with him in
some capacity beyond a youtube video
possibly movie together and in general I
just really want my career to follow his
careers path famously Anna she's been
the industry for so long she's so humble
she's so gracious I really want my
career and me to follow that path as
well as you know I started unicorn
Island Productions and I really wanted
to get super far I create a lot of dope
stories so that's going all aboard Thank
You avoid with you too colonel
introductions I really want to show on
Netflix cuz yo max is poppin having said
that I am putting YouTube on my board
even though you pissed me off sometimes
you gave me a lot of what I have and you
are all because of YouTube so I want to
make sure I maintain my loyalty I don't
even group you and YouTube together team
super and YouTube are not synonyms like
you are separate from YouTube so I'll
always be loyal to you but I try to be
loyal to you for as long as I can you be
acting up sometime but is important to
me to remember where I came from so both
of these are going on the board what's
that doesn't have for me to go around
curl up obviously I wanted to do big
things with girl love I want to keep
empowering women across the world and
laying people know that there's strength
and sisterhood before me out we do
everything about it but more so this is
about performing I want to keep
performing in the future and keep being
on a stage I want to keep giving back
and empowering kids around the world
this to me is really important you'll
see on this vision board it was actually
kind of almost hard to make because a in
the most humble way I've accomplished a
lot I've accomplished that top things on
my bucket list in my life truly in my
life the top level things I've already
accomplished so it was a little tough to
think of things I weren't superficial
but this stuff like this just
consistently makes me more happy than
numbers you'll see on my vision board
this time there's no subscriber numbers
there's no like follower numbers there's
no monetary number my first vision board
I had like a certain amount of money and
certain amount of followers
I don't have at this time but I have
some like this cuz this makes me very
happy not to say don't have many things
I do cuz they buy boom okay
don't be confused this doesn't mean I
want to be Kylie Jenner I have nothing
gets kind of general I think she's very
successful I like the associates from
Forbes even though I'm not super money
oriented I am about breaking barriers
when it comes to finances whether it's
female or diverse women I think it's
important for the representation on this
list I never used to be a fan of huge
houses but I really do want a pool I
think after going to some of my friends
houses I have large houses it's not
about the size of its the fact that they
can host their families I really like
the idea of like chasing here humble
staying you know my family comes to stay
so I want a dope house to host the
people I love I really want a pool
speaking of the first time ever oh my
god it's the pimple what the hell should
be done in a second I have my parents on
my vision board now every other vision
board I've made I've lived with them
this is the first time making a vision
for a while not living with them and my
parents have become increasingly
important to me and our relationship
means a lot to me so I just want to
continue making them proud and making
sure I have a healthy happy relationship
with my parents Drake is going on there
because of what we've met in row homies
I want to work with you I want to music
with you one two in one of my videos I
want something to pop off that's how you
feel in other words Drizzy do you love
me are we cool a bit someday I want to
get fit I don't know when that day's
gonna be but I'm putting it on the board
my dream car is one of these old-school
convertible I did rent one for my merch
photoshoot but I want to own one of
these one day this is a symbol for
friendship a notion II and I always do
this holding pinkies thing but it's a
symbol for just friendship in general
friendships have become increasingly
important to me I'm gonna be honest in
LA I don't have many friends I barely
have any friends in LA and it gets
really tough sometimes a lot of my close
friends and family are in Toronto so
when I get super lonely I always
remember that friendship takes effort
and to have those even if it's a few
friendships the ones that really means
something in your value whatever into
them I want to work with Adidas yo
highlight your girl this is really
specific but I want this convertible
pool table that's also a dining table I
want it but this house of my house is
not big enough and this is so expensive
so I just like couldn't do it this is a
happy team my team has become
increasingly important to me and I've
had to learn how to lead a team and be a
boss and a boss and so this is I
want to make sure my team is always
happy and I always want to surround
myself with a dope positive team with
positive energy I have just learned that
it is not worth working with and being
around people that don't bring out the
best in you and don't give you positive
energy so I only surround myself with
people that are dope and so I want to
maintain that and make sure they're
happy and I'm happy and we all happy
also
shadows team super Russia for this
picture you Photoshop with me and Ellen
it's going on the board straight up if I
even just meet Beyonce in this lifetime
that's all I need no need to even speak
a word I did like Hello she can just
ignore me and I'd be like done
Scarborough said mom you better paste me
on this vision board baby I already have
you almost gotta do this you pay
attention to me please mom hey buddy
come on you got it over there I keep
putting him there he keeps coming in
sitting right in the middle come on oh
that's good that's good boy good job all
right I'm done and all of my pictures
fit except for one I had a picture of
ghetto because I just like the way
Jordan Peele went from comedy and made
something more serious and dramatic and
I want to kind of do that as well oh my
god like a big deal I'm kind of
emotional this is like a thing breathe
in breathe out time to manifest and not
just envision these things and not just
hope and pray for these things but I'm
gonna work so damn hard for these things
if I was ever a voice on The Simpsons oh
my god game changer
thank you so much for joining me while I
made my vision board it means a lot to
me it's been long overdue I encourage
you all to do the exact same thing it's
important to have images of your goals
and just half of your goals in mind even
if subconsciously that's all great add
that to the vision board I'm kidding
don't glue my glass I'm a gold face mask
to terminate this hopefully let's see
how we did today thank you for joining
me when you're watching us today a new
main channel videos gonna come out so
make sure you there if you want to be
it's really your choice I can't tell you
what to do but I'd like you there okay
you
