oh my god the weirdest things happened
so it's like - I woke up I was supposed
to pick up Derek from the airport but my
stomach was hurting and I was too tired
so I said that uber firm he's out there
we'll talk about in a second it seems so
weird happens I'm here I'm sleeping and
I was stuck in a dream like I was stuck
I could not wake up and this has
happened to me before but not like this
it's like I kept waking up and thinking
I was living my day but then I blink and
I'd be right back there again and I
could not get myself to wake up so the
first time I says I heard some water so
I walk I woke up and I came over here
and the wash room was completely leaking
and there's like water squirting
everywhere and I was like yelling I said
Derek call someone and then I opened the
door and I was back here again it was
like oh it was just a dream I'm so
stupid and then I got up and I got to my
bed and I was like oh I'm so dizzy and I
was like falling and then I fell and
then I was here again and I was like
wait what's happening then I was like
okay this time like Chapa get up Louie
and I got up and I walked over here and
I start eating breakfast and I was like
oh oh such a weird dream when I finally
woke up I did not believe I was awake
for like five minutes I was like don't f
around with me brain I know what you're
doing it was the weirdest crap ever but
long story short look who's here you
have meetings in LA so we decided to
come earlier cuz it's my happy birthday
soon happy birthday not yet oh happy
birthday tomorrow fine
and you'll run some errands and then
spike said she wants to take me out for
dinner at 5:30 I think she has to be up
her sleeves though because she knows
that's so much work to do and she told
me to dressed up a bit so I'm like you
telling me to dress up something must be
happening but we'll find out when you go
do some food runs and alcohol runs so
that's what we don't do like
yep I think we're having a party thank
you for your service to cars um we held
up the elevator and like just loaded it
to death and now we're gonna hold it I'm
at the park though so they went up um I
hope I've got enough stuff I'm really
not gonna buying enough stuff for
parties I either under by over by so I
bought a lot of stuff hoping I over by
powerstroke who's gonna come already
woke up to a gang of like text messages
morning me like yeah yeah I don't know
if I can make it was like it's cool it's
fine I am going to trial this weekend's
like I'm actually really missing my mom
today I'm not used to spending these
special moments without her so I'm just
kind of like little bit every birthday I
always also really miss not her last
birthday particular I was like a mess
so I don't know what it is nothing my
birthday I just like I don't know stop
working be positive every good and
everything's great and so I couldn't
take me up a little bit I don't know but
his plan I'm so it's like almost causing
me anxiety because I'm like book have a
book deadline I already got an email I
was like this cannot be pushed so don't
even try to pull your charming like hey
guys so I already know tomorrow all
right my birthday time
I make a video I went for work on my
book I'll work all day like go to the
movie a movie and leaving a thing what
am I gonna do free all day
that's stupid look at this squad right
here killing like not it's too helpful
and my brother might be broken you bowl
thank you boys oh dude yeah I saw that
where you getting this place already
why not the bit disastrous and stuff but
look at all this preparation of go on
right here you're looking at all this oh
my god what my friends already shut up
look hi thanks for coming
every person in this room is a horrible
liar first of all every person because
I'm all like yo do you guys know we're
like shaking mean they're like what do
you any mean what do you mean and they
all this stupid smile and I'm stressed
I'm anxious you know something I don't
know this is the face of a liar right
yeah a lying people cover you you're
getting dinner I have dinner at 5:30 if
you had a hole in your calendar
I would leave one this outfit a
bazillion times like a bazillion so you
can pretend like you've never seen
before
oh my god oh TD or old oak OTN let's be
real eye opener everyday I didn't even
think to my apartment but no no they say
come to my apartment there showed up at
my favorite restaurant told me wasn't in
the car
friends I was trying to walk away as I
could have friends doesn't show up and
they'll showed up to surprise me here
and then then I go back to my apartment
my friends are so cute the menu says
happy birthday and then also says ten
really freely and I'm like that's so
awkward cuz I don't hit it but they had
so much faith that I would that the menu
says it
you guys I have two seconds I have two
seconds in the spotlight and aphelion
tell me exactly what to do
okay
we had ll Li LLY balloons and we had one
of the elves to see if she would notice
we hit one of the elves update she
hasn't noticed yet so this is what is
here's the hidden one
I love Lily because she's just so
generous and sincere and giving trying
to help people really great that's why
we bring on in the ninth inning
I love Lily because she surrounds
herself with great people I can't
because she's like the female version of
me when we bought where we live scream
my nose agent
right I'm gonna break this up by moving
on to our boyfriend
I love because she's cool they come back
to him when he's not sitting next to
like she was genuine
she's one of the best golfers to have
three own teammate important right here
reasons why I love Lily is because she
accepts people for who they are no
matter how is cheer or not confident
thing may be awkward and she still loves
this no matter what so Thank You Lily
happy birthday and it's not really
referred to yet but happy birthday
and thank you for people like
Jamie
that's so awesome you dial to impress
that gets underway soothe if you're
watching and Lilly Singh can guarantee
1.5 million views in 30 days so if you
swat throw us a brand deal that's
totally cool I've been naked for the
past like crazy oh my god she's free and
I did with her a string
thank you - gotta make the domestic cake
delivered to me in Toronto and the
driver destroyed it on the
birthday year Lily happy birthday to you
I am two shots that all of these people
Cambridge surprised me and now we're
going to my apartment devil party I am
too shocked right now
I woke up this morning almost like
stress because I was like oh my god my
first birthday away from home I was
gonna be you know one strike up no one's
texting me back
surprise me everything feels so special
and most of all I didn't dislike this
feeling I'm feeling right now is
probably the biggest surprise I did not
expect to feel this loved and just
awesome and cared about by people I'm
both try to put this later but I'm just
saying but everyone my probably drunk
yes yes because you can finger oh my god
I knew sue
so change myself a pink slip cup and
these people don't know you see before
my lay they don't know they don't know
right cuz they're not they don't know
what this is right here they're learning
but
are youare you surprised I'm not
surprised are you those people they
don't know they don't know yet
Cheetos you know he knows some other
people here might know but they don't
know yet
play the game stop talking and play
again
my husband is here he bought me a
ukulele by the way
I'm really surprised that more than
three people showed up to you
all right the time is 2 a.m. I want to
tell you what my part looks like is just
looks like such a stereotypical or party
situation are you ready here is a
unicorn filled with skittles look can we
just take a moment to just like just so
stereotypical part of you just like a
disaster this is a poem for tomorrow
it's a pompadour and look I am still
standing
ukulele Marshall bought me freaking
sweetheart he named it uke Yuka Louie
oh man my place is a disaster we go
clean it tomorrow it's a problem for
tomorrow not today
hi it's my party and I'm an old person
now but it's ok you know I don't care
all the time
I feel young at heart and I'm proud and
I feel like it's been a very very great
year and I'm just so exceptionally
humbled and grateful for everything to
happen
honestly I'm gonna publish some real
stuff real talk I've said before I'll
say it again I was so stressed I was
like I wasn't stressed but I was like
just not expecting much I was like
they're not to go home to Toronto
understand I'm in print they no one's
gonna come here so many my friends came
to the dinner to surprise me then also
came to the apartment I was just not
expecting that like and Celine was
staying till 12:00 they're trying
although you may push up that foot this
day and they stay till 12:00 and was
just like I feel like had friends and I
was like especially my team they like
really went above and beyond to like set
up my party and surprise and do all
these gifts and just like oh I was not
expecting even a fraction of this so I'm
really really lucky and I'm really
grateful I have some spectacular people
in my life I'm just like free I didn't
know what I didn't deserve you people so
thank you um a great time and tomorrow
I'm gonna wake up it's my birthday but
it's still video day and I still got my
book so I'm thinking that throughout the
day I'm gonna work okay there's also 39
degrees Celsius tomorrow which is really
freaking hot so I told Kyle and not on
them to bring their swimsuits so I'll do
work we'll go swimming and then I'll
work
we're helping the evening we can catch a
movie or something until I balance out
the word can play it but like gasps
thank you so much for spending this time
with me I just I feel really really
lucky and blessed so really cool thank
you everyone that made my birthday so
special thus far and I haven't even gone
on Twitter or anything yet and I'm sure
you're all making me feel even ten times
more special so thank you but I'm really
been I love you all so much
we're in this together and if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
and since my birthday I really only want
one thing from you if you want to buy a
girl ever Vicky as a birthday gift the
link is in the description you want
people god I love it 'blow-up-able
couple clove everybody my Jen if you met
the bull pen stop right here again
please
