a hangover harder productivity lives
here I have already had a full day
I'm not crying I put some drops my eye
here is what I've already done I've
already gone to a meeting I've already
had two calls and so I'm killing the
game this is where I am right now
whew Sanjiv leaves I'm going going back
back to Cali Cali you rested I do didn't
you give some notes on the Edit for that
thing I directed go to my Inbox watch a
gang of TV for research we're gonna see
your project all that mourn is do it I
know a few weeks ago you saw me using
editing and then acting no directing
Lilly the director directors hang I
directed this horror short that I wrote
and now we're just in the Edit Bay with
the editor to like give some final
tweaks it's hard to do ve more like I
said yesterday I look old in this office
the company's called Crypt TV they're
super dope they specialize in like these
awesome monsters like this I mean how
effing dope my I think I wrote doesn't
necessarily have a monster but it is
like the subtle scary their offices are
amazing Stavros here too it was cold in
the Edit Bay so we took some of their
merch to where now we're just bloody
people we're about to edit this thing
scrolls come in a little lampshade come
here oh man we just finished locking the
timing of the cut you're gonna go home
now young boy you had a nice nap
a nice nap we're gonna get home now and
get to work I get the hiccups way more
than the average person by the way
yo I got home and took da fattest nap
ever on the sofa I'm talking fat obese
nap straight up open buffet
mother-effing put food in the Ziploc
bags take home later to feed your family
sighs god damn you knows nothing just
wake up
what day is it well planned is it what
what the hell - crying bugs in a year
not okay whatever it doesn't I'm just
feeling discouraged okay I'm feeling
discouraged you can I just kidding you I
took eyedrops I put eyedrops of my dog
don't get least he's gross this is kind
of dinner gone my counter so messy I got
my medications my drop that some popcorn
got this flyswatter thing some scripts
laptop got a puppy it got a bag of stuff
a little it's just so much stuff just
went through my inbox give me the points
you know I always talk to like people
and it boggles my mind how much of my
business is relying on emo and when I
meet someone in the way I never checked
my email I'm like more because I feel
like and maybe this is just specific to
this industry but I don't think so but
honestly get good with email like this
email becomes a huge part of life I feel
so if you're not good I didn't try to
get better and if you work somewhere
where Evo's not as important comment
below I would love to know if it's just
the entertainment industry but like the
amount of emails I get and have respond
it's the main method of communication
and so like I've gone really good I just
like zoning it and making sure my inbox
is a priority but let me know what is it
for you with the text of the call of the
in person let me know because I like to
learn so it's Friday
Oh too much please it's Friday and so I
thought yo I'm doing a lot of work is
Friday night you know I drink in my
vlogs and fine
I'm a a beyond of age adult it is my
duty to also teach you something about
alcohol specifically welcome to cure
educational first I'll make my drink my
drink of choice is vodka I'm a vodka
drinker I love straw hashtag not a brand
deal but yo girl Amen praise die so I
used to run and I do sprite and
sometimes to do a splash of an energy
drink but it's a little late so we go
down that path first things first I
don't usually have ice with my drinks so
when it comes to alcoholic beverages I
do like chilled drink so didn't didn't
didn't end it end it was a heavy pour
it's Friday professional mixer thing Dan
so how to cure a hangover first things
first if you're gonna have a night of
sloppy hot mess mother F and drinking
you know what I mean if you're of age
first of all I'll have you know that I
drank way later in my life I do believe
you should be a certain age to drink
because like you need a certain level of
responsibility and maturity to handle
alcohol you do I'm not encouraging
people to drink I'm saying if you're of
age here's how to cure a hangover
disclaimer disclaimer I'm a good person
blah blah blah first thing you wanna do
is you gotta eat okay like I have one
too many stories of me be like y'all
today is gonna be a sloppy mess for the
day you know crime example and I think
I've told this story before
I'm at birthday a few years ago I had a
house party which means my parents were
home and YouTube surprised me with this
really elaborate cake and I was like oh
my god how effing sweet I didn't eat
that whole day because I was busy
decorating my garage and I was like
setting up for the party and I weren't
even getting to pote Lake and I just
didn't eat that much and obviously I had
so many shots was my birthday severance
I gonna move a birthday on her birthday
and I passed the eff out by like 10 p.m.
my mom was like my friends were like
it's okay she's gonna be fine no my
friends they were like missing mom we've
seen this before
next up so hungover feeling horrible
because I didn't cut my cake which is
like a really big deal in Indian
families you've got to cut the cake or
talk to
hours later I went through my phone only
to find a hundred pictures of me cutting
my cake completely blacked out memories
of that event eat if you're gonna go out
and party throughout the day have a big
lunch have a big dinner a lot of food
specifically carbs before a night of
drinking number two don't mix too many
alcohols okay like I if I'm drinking
vodka I try to stick to vodka yeah might
have a tequila shot um I have a bit but
don't be doing like okay why I know
there's like a thing that's a beer
before a wine one for beer liquor before
beer beer for a living I'm just gonna
say in general though you should have
been at other beer some wines of
champagne there's some tequila some
bourbon mister just calm the F down try
to narrow that variety down okay number
three this is something that my dad
really likes to emphasize how to be a
good parent what are you drinking water
is your best friend so if you have what
they say is one for one if you have a
drink you should have a glass of water
to balance for every drink have one
glass of water I don't really do that
I've even drink three glasses of water
daily to begin with but I do try to keep
the water intake going I force myself to
drink a lot of water when I'm drinking
it will be your best friend because I'll
help you pee out on a trash you putting
in your body number for this next one is
crucial and honestly it is a science ac
on if you're at an event a birthday or
celebrations up the way you know people
gonna be coming up to being like that
time your ish out okay I know how it is
we knew that the bar and some of the
classic guys tried to celebrate great
and then a new Google friends comes at
you like oh hey a sharpie great so you
pound like three four shots then you
need to calm down okay you don't need to
pound three four shots and be like yeah
okay I'll take a drink three drinks so
after a little session of drinking you
can just chill because alcohol will take
a second to hit you if you don't that's
when you go from zero to hundred that's
when you go from completely fine to slow
down I am I'm such a good older sister
rating are teaching everyone how to
drink if you're up hey number five six
five if you come home from a night of
drinking it might be really hard to do
but you need to eat before you sleep I
don't care what mother effing diet you
want I don't care what no carb diet you
want need to eat carbs before you sleep
that is why after
drinking people have junk food they go
to a burger place they have pizza they
do something fries bread crackers
cookies carbs carbs carbs carbs carbs
carbs carbs carbs up in your system well
my friends are hella drunk and they're
out of there like they ain't mine and
they won't do anything response me one
thing I force them to do the responsible
adult is to eat a little bit get toast
and for sofie's but you eat this toad
friend you truly carbs number 7 7 before
I sleep I also put a glass of water and
more carbs on my nightstand so the next
morning when I wake up and the
inevitable three times I'll wake up in
the middle of night thirsty large
umpire's I have those things right next
to me last one Gatorade Powerade
anything with electrolytes is your best
friend so put some of that on your
nightstand because that would be godsend
the next day I'm happy to tell you that
I rarely get hungover thank you a
handful of times of my life is because
of these things and because I've like
generally know my limits with things I
don't like to drink to get drunk I like
to have a nice buzz and be tipsy but I
don't like to ever be out of control and
out of my way sometimes and I have not
enjoyed those times so that's my
official tutorial on how to sure a
hangover drink responsibly if you do
drink and if you don't honestly yes stop
my probably look way better than mine
I'm trying to do work and Scarborough is
not having it bless you see Herod
Scarborough's not having Scarborough
this is my pencil no it's mine mommy's
doing work hey this is my calendar come
on go over there hey hey this is my
pencil it's mine
no it's mine stop it bum my mommy is
right on that oh my goodness it's a vibe
you night I haven't even drank my drink
I just opened another Coke Zero cuz I
was like yeah just feeling myself just
just a vibe grateful for life you
playing catch with Scarborough while
planting old videos for the next month
and I'm like so grateful if this is my
job and I get to do this up and be
creative and so thank you can you stand
by me good jump good job buddy
go get it go get it
baby good job
just planning what videos until the 23rd
and I just wrote something that was so
hard to write it's like this much or
took so long cause I had to really
research some tsiyon like I'm talking
like DNA molecule science like nitrogen
bases and crap so I was like what is
this again like I rethought my cell
science when Friday night is lit right
baby
right baby yeah the dude that made me
this custom console also sent me this
stool isn't this so cool okay check this
up it doesn't look like you should be
able to sit on it but you can you sit
there and you can like rock as well a
little bit it's kind of a fan amazing I
think I'm gonna get two more what you
think what you think what you think what
you think what you think oh yeah one
more thing what you think
sending email I'm sorry I think it's
safe to say that I killed it again note
the water points god dammit Lee what's
wrong with you we've been through this
you need to drink water oh no bad bad
bad to be fair this is a very small can
and this I didn't even drink this was
for the segment this is a it's basically
water mmm pimple how did that happen
honestly make sir sighs let's see how we
did today and tell the weekend where I'm
gonna do some rejuvenation actually no
you know I'm gonna rejuvenate and hustle
I'm just feeling myself this weekend and
this weekend we gonna gate
you
