oh hey
good morning the time is 1112 I'm
actually really tired I like knocked out
last night and like was out cold because
I'm making up for the sleep I didn't get
the night before but today is the
wedding reception I didn't vlog
yesterday a few reasons one as I
mentioned I forgot my vlogging battery
charger at home so my blog battery right
now the camera batteries like decent but
if it dies and this vlog abruptly ends
you know why I've got the charger in LA
so I apologize item vlog yesterday also
because like I haven't seen my friend
that got married in so long and it was
really nice just be there for her and
not be like this and real quick I've
talked about this before but I'm sure
you've seen Jesse and Gina's video I'm
sure you've seen many other vloggers
that go through things
I believe that decisions like that
wouldn't you know time time to time I
decide I'm gonna put down my camera
because I need to be like a human
without a camera right now is important
I do believe that decisions like that
will help me and the longevity of my
vlog channel I feel like if I keep like
making their decisions or like oh Final
Fours myself a blogger force myself to
vlog one Damon a crack and be like I'm
not doing this anymore
and if Jesse and Jeana taught me
anything you know they're my dear
friends it's that yo you need to have
that balance so yesterday was great shot
my vlog camera but closest when I
closest friends got married and it was
so sweet wonderful today's the reception
I might blog I might not blog at the
reception to vlog the rest of my day
mostly because I'm gonna cut my hair I
swear I'm gonna cut my hair because it's
just so long like the past two months
I've been so annoyed at my hair cuz the
ends are so stringy and it's so dead at
the end and I need to cut it for it to
be healthy and it's just been so
irritating me long also I haven't gotten
layers in like a year or two so I get
layers and cut my hair today and I'm so
excited for to have some shape so that's
what's going on and then upload the
getting ready process first we're gonna
go to a photo shoot with her heard all
the bridesmaids and then there's a
reception I'm making a little speech so
I love with it Ken's warning in advance
if this logs not super long or
entertaining this is me being human but
I still want to take you long to the
parts that I can that involve me let's
go eat I'm so hungry
I'm always hungry I want to eat
everything let's go eat also my feet
hurt also oh my god I can't believe
everywhere heal it's all so sure
my things pretty long also this is what
I'm wearing also mental chatter also I
won't say also anymore but look this is
my outfit cyber fashions what up what up
what up
it's really too open I like it okay this
clip has been 2 minutes and 30 seconds
shut up also happening it's not a big
deal right because not a lot it's gonna
cut off right right don't we see right
right it's not it's because the kids
that this is the this is the ends we
need to cut off the ends little bit and
get it later right yes right it's fine
we're good everything's great
everything's great
let me show you how much is being kind
why you I mean me whoa really tell me
hug you okay oh yeah my reaction tell me
what you think I should cut okay and
then I'll Oh honestly okay yeah yeah
like that much oh my God my hair will
not be long anymore
really look at how much are you Bob I'm
gonna bob cut basically it's not about
how much are you comfortable in but you
think my clothes already live it's
already dry do you think I'll be lots of
ice still heating your head no it's not
look already dry okay well it can't wait
is it because you think this is dead yes
it is come here yes I was like am I here
no looking probably I love you love
still be logged I promise okay okay what
if I do half we'd like we'll go like
here in so it's closer to what you want
but hope you know how about this you
wanna hear right yes let's do here okay
when are you gonna do it though when are
you gonna when is it happening
I'm gonna do it now I need you to stand
up for this the triggers really long
it's kind of just convincing me on you
side of yourself yeah that's fine it's
hair it grows back in exactly you should
know this in your lives every day
okay okay
I need to snap one for this I don't want
to turn to mess it up so let me know
okay all right
no wanna step you cutting so I'm gonna
go like this what is the better one okay
yeah all right go for it easy yeah
sign you know I trust you get every few
people I would ever let do yet here I
trust you and I know that the Bob will
look great oh come on
do you want a lot are you sure whatever
cookies tomorrow from the rig right now
okay I'll look at it
okay I'm gonna hold it where's my okay
it's not a big thing it's different
look look watch another watch
oh yeah it's great it's great it known
as if all I already feel so much
healthier
I'll show you the final product with
some layers in this ish do some ish do
the thing who knows what I when I've got
the camera again I might be candy
Johnson
I'm gonna kick it actually feels so much
weight so just the healthy and so light
well not like it just feels less
draining and straining on my life but as
great so we've done the haircutting part
we're done they're done they're cutting
part time you mad light up here look in
the mirror right now oh my god it's so
different though it's not me actually
but you see it's like oh it's so much
like texture and life right now I like
it I like it sometimes you guys shut up
and let people touch your hair you know
if you're about that life
he's the vibes very different vibes get
up dude this is my outfit I'm only
taking Instagram pictures from here up
so I can we wear this outfit on a red
carpet just think I'm style of fashions
that's what's up and a little bit of
different look guys smokey I give you
some light on this ting yes the vibes if
I could express to you the things that
have happened in the last hour long
story short someone hacked all of my
accounts for real this wasn't just
bottom G pretending to do it for real
hacked all my accounts people blowing up
my phone calling and messaging me I was
able to recover everything except my
Twitter it's still being hacked right
now as we speak I'm so freaking stressed
because I was leaving the house to go
from one our best friend's wedding and
someone's hacking my account and with
running around everywhere I'm sweating
forgot half my stuff at home so freaking
frazzled stressed the whole way my team
was working on it they changed every
single one of my video names on my
channel I'm so frazzled I forgot to eat
I mean literally forgot my vlogging
camera that's crime right here in the
Oberer I had to hunt down the uber and
call him back cause also frazzled I just
want to say to the first to do hacked my
account
first of all Fu Fu very hard and not
even like a pleasant type of f know like
fu very hard and I will find you and I
will politely in a unicorn way destroy
you kill them with kindness times 10 is
what I will do with you because today on
all days my best friend's wedding
when you come in fo my age I don't
appreciate that but a bobby pin just
fell out of my hair because my hair spaz
old we're good
it's fine my team is working on it but I
just wanted to say not effing cool thank
you for all of you that were like
tweeting me and instagramming me and be
like oh my god your counter care you got
working on it but like I don't know why
people do stupid crap like this it's
pointless I'm gonna try my best to relax
as all my videos have been changed my
twitter is hacked right now and go
upstairs and be a supportive friend
right now but I am NOT thank God I still
look cute as f you okay yeah I'm mad
about you
okay she's like yeah okay first of all
it means should already know but my T's
when my oldest closest friend she's one
of that best friends oh right that's
right I heard her identical twin ma
three this is my D it's just so pretty
and gorgeous look how gorgeous that you
look damn fine Sciences oh you bought
the market that you should so good it's
a wedding reception yeah
I'm making a speech telling my last
minute speech she's also doing her last
minute speech everything's good
everything's great I know I paired my
extra my Kurtz and I got my period my
stomach hurts um I knows what's going on
and all as well I no matter what happens
even though all my videos they're doing
it this is her day and she looks
gorgeous and I love her and your shoes
are damn cute girl yo so we're here
still have my trigger count but that's
not important it's enchanted forest
theme very cool I really like it
centerpieces are mad sick sue I don't
know how much I'm gonna vlog from this
point on because I am in wedding mode
but I think my hair's gonna fall out in
two seconds as well but everything's
going great every looks nice look
asunder Plaza
kind of really freaking cool that's my
group I took my hair out it was falling
I look like they're disaster but the
point is the reception is over and I had
to go chase down my camera because I
forgot it and my friends purse so it's
my hours later forgot my camera gamer
friends first went to her hotel now on
the way home reception was great it was
awesome
my friend loved those girls so much all
my accounts are recovered have my
Twitter I have everything
my team is manually changing all my
video games back but we're all good in
riding home Indian sweets believe or not
called barfi yeah barfi least appetizing
name ever I'm home it is like 3:30 my
feet kill was a combination of heels and
taking my heels off pike he kill a great
time how few realizations today about a
few important things um I won't get too
into it right now because I'm
straight-up really tired a little bit
incoherent but kind of just remember the
importance of friendship and that like I
might need to have some I might need to
learn how to have some work personal
life balance because I like love a lot
of people and I want to be there for
them and I will openly admit I don't
know how to be there for them as I'm
chasing super Owen I'm not chasing super
s I'm in LA hustling being a workaholic
I don't have the capacity to do that and
also always be there for people and I
want to learn how to do that and I'll
write again into right now because we're
all sentimental image but I just have
that realization I'm like I love a lot
of people and I have some really good
people in my life and I want to be there
for them yeah Barbie but I'm gonna go to
bed tomorrow I have to shoot some stuff
and then evening I'm having a bonfire on
the beach I chase the notion eat and
maybe some other friends can't wait to
spend some quality time with them that's
going on hopefully rev Allah camera
doesn't dry it seems pretty good right
now cuz I don't have a charger for it
hope for the best if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe and
thank you so much padding their back
during this whole crazy hack situation
I love you so much thank you the amount
of people that like tagged me on
Instagram and like just everything I
appreciate it so much we're truly in
this together
we were headed to my first soundcheck so
really cool announcement I can't tell
you about it now because you can seize
tomorrow basically Dwayne is launching
his YouTube channel and he couldn't be
at VidCon so I have the honor of
announcing his teaser and showing it to
everyone and he gives me mad shoutouts
in the teaser so it's him basically like
talking to VidCon what is YouTube
channel and I'm going to announce it so
it's very cool and very exciting
