and today the potty SOT alright so today
is Raptors game six humble tone what's
up what game is rap is Game six of
Raptors win they will have made it to
the third round for the first time in
franchise history in history this is
round two of the playoffs if they win in
history not this year not that last five
years it is first time ever ever they
would have passed round two so it's a
huge huge deal it's best out of seven
for the series right now it's 3-2 for
the Raptors they wouldn't today that
means they get four and that is best out
of seven and they win I'm gonna be I
would we still have to also devastate or
not in Toronto because I can imagine the
City of Toronto will turn upside down
quite literally Miami we got homies in
Miami right now if you're watching the
game it's a big deal
Suzie's coming over you I suppose he
might come over he said he's not sure
anymore you Susie needs to come I can
make him feel better we'd be them that's
right that's right
Yussef Alex Lauren Sarah Sarah nada we
invited some peeps over and we need to
figure out situation cuz you know what
have a TV stand so the goal is this is a
plan of action I'm a little more plan of
action matches even request and there is
a food but I mean that thinking with
easy is easy to get snacks and food for
people coming
oh yes that the TV for girl we're gonna
put it what what incan is putting it
here setting up one thing I don't have
enough seating for everyone but like I
don't get it on the floor like a little
creep you know will do when I was at
Rose house for Game of Thrones Sheen
have enough seating for everyone either
even though she had way more conscious
than us but she had like seven people
she just had like blankets and pillows
and like little pods set up for people
like little areas like a sitting area so
we'll get like lab so many pillows and
blankets are crap so I'll just set this
area up to sit watch TV there well I
mean it's what secrets in your lab
anyway he's gonna put a sign for the
washing me the thing with my washroom is
right you had a flush up or else your
poop stains the door yeah full of
if you put it down it does exist meant
for P so we to put a sign because
everybody who doesn't know that yeah you
can tell yeah exactly so that's our
stuff we're gonna clean some ish and
when you see if the ping-pong table will
fit here oh shut up
Diego's gonna be a good Eagle this year
we keep forgetting oh yeah we just have
another chair Diego yeah and yesterday
what happened yesterday lodged about our
official read always on liquid lipstick
if you ever heard about that um what are
you doing no no you can't tell because I
have a beard no more you later
it's exciting days gonna be dope oh my
god it's already been 2 minutes and 30
seconds oh Allah oh my god oh my god ah
I would like to publicly announce that
I've committed a huge huge mistake and I
take back all things I said and I was
wrong I was wrong
humble has corrected me when I first
moved to this apartment I was like I can
move out there's no popcorn button until
today and tell today May 13th who points
out there's a button is this a queue pop
I never realized it because it doesn't
say popcorn like a normal button and in
humble being the good man just googled
it and what did it sample the Accu pop
listens to the popping of the bag so you
can just put the bag in and forget about
it and when it stops hearing the Pops or
when the gap between the Pops is to
widespread I'll just stop thus ensuring
no burnt popcorn there's like having a
little person staring at the popcorn for
you and telling you what it's an amazing
I have been living like a cave woman
oh the elevators elevators clearly
elevated where does he go shim in and
they say I don't work out you know I
swear else picking up a few things the
other day I tweeted yo God please you
know I don't ask for much
let me wake up with beyonc√© tickets
today hello copic via HHH sorry my
wonderful love doing retakes Beyonce I
know who I'm taking yet I'm debating
this guy I'm not really sure my gosh
this turbulence a do-over
t-minus 90 minutes until the guests
arrive
assuming they're not LA flavors and we
have a lot to do we just got all the
groceries we got all the fun stuff all
the junk food and everything in between
and now we're headed back and we are
going to get the place set up get the
place all dolled up whoa get ourselves
all dolled up whoa I'm gonna I have are
you worried about my Jersey okay I have
I have to wrap - sure take it we're
amazing I have my white t-shirt or I
have that yes I'm gonna we're gonna do
that oh not full spirit we're gonna
create preferential of sections for our
Canadian Geese that are coming hey
Lauren hey Lauren and yes we're gonna
have a wonderful awesome time we're
gonna figure out where we put that
ping-pong table if at all yes correct
yes we just sit on it we can sit on the
ping-pong table for the past 48 hours
we've been like you know with all these
dresses like we're gonna invite people
over we all placed go the TV remove the
table they're gonna put a ping-pong tell
what we're gonna do we never built a TV
like a TV style like we build a tripod
on Kleenex boxes we don't know what's
gonna happen the TV stands gonna come in
like two weeks
we come home have the TV stand this year
9008 is before I guess they're coming
rappers are totally gonna win because
all the stars are aligning let's go
major change of events that dams
and is from the devil none of the pieces
fit properly it feels like it wasn't
made properly and I swear we like tried
so hard so we couldn't build it and now
people gonna be here like two minutes
and I'm just turning stressful suddenly
so we moving up on the stand the stand
stressed me out I was a good mood
stressed me as we grown up on Stan but
we've created signs of the place so this
one's of the couch is reserved for
Canadians ah
and then the one on the front door
because you know in LA no one ever like
understand that we come from snow and we
take our shoes off and stuff so it says
welcome to Canada take off your shoes we
the north home was also finding a sign
for the toilet that's gonna say reserved
for Miami Heat fans you ready for this
pull off bra big flush push it down
breast massage pull up just to be safe
and if I need you at Miami Heat I mean
no offense to you but we got it we're
having a party we got to do it come on
come on the time has come all the
foreigners are late only white people
are gonna be here on time not as here
Sarah and Sarah on their way all the
foreigners use of cycle oh oh ever
something they would throw the Suzie's
like burning old black people time and
then alleys like I'm running on Filipino
time freakin worst worst worst but the
game is starting
we're gonna make history we're gonna do
it we're gonna do it honey we're doing
it 100% we win we gonna turn that we
return I will do something turn up you
gonna turn up all right you know turnout
here we go Game six round two rappers is
he yes Judas some foreigners have
arrived Lauren she's louder than the
reserved seating Alex Oliver you're not
it's third we're not doing well to third
quarter we're not doing well it's 49 56
over here daddy chooses here so strange
thing happened worked chillin grab my
doors unlocked and this random hater
walks in he's trucking his booty and
pink shorts I mean you
Toronto's future
it's a little bit into the fourth and
we're six down we are not playing well
today I'm stressed
none of these non-believers are sending
positive ID but the problem
there's 30 seconds left and we're like
so behind I'm close we lost rappers lot
I usually get a first time to I struggle
there too
about to shoot something for using style
right now would soothing in new my first
challenge Lucy - what is it
I can I can reveal it I'm gonna really
right now it's dial up look up that I
came yeah fun I'm just coming out sunday
sunday sunday sunday don't give her
attention anymore I can assure you I
don't know how he's doing right he's
making sure you don't talk isn't it time
for her to chase us we're the
laughingstock because she denied both of
us along with camps we have your camp
was like we love Lily and even use this
Campbell of Susie right down the middle
listen let's all just be it's all just
be happy and that's not fake let's all
have a slumber party and see what
happens
report you about how you doing - idiot
are you great is it scary it's nice to
me
and what's where we I don't understand
that word square we I just said a word
and Canada
squalene square we hmm I think you're
trying to say scary no square we you
don't sound right we're square we I
don't know what that means
hmm let go
all right now that the rapper's have
lost people watched a movie I've ate so
much junk food everything's done we're
gonna try to do what the stand again
this stand from hell
Pablo's here humbles here I'm here we'll
see if we can figure it out it's just I
guess it's these good quality but I feel
like the construction of it is really
poorly made like the pieces don't
exactly fit in how they're supposed to
so it's like it's stressful this is just
a thing of course Diego shows up and
fixes everything we discovered that it
was actually sent to us wrong a piece
was jammed in the wrong spot and Diego
with his big muscles took a hammer that
was like banged it and it knocked it
into place I figured it out was my big
brain he did he like just looked at it
we were like analyzing forever be like
what's wrong as he was like to analyze
the other parts music oh no see this
isn't the wrong splice chip doing and we
were like oh we have to send it back he
was like boom and faith I just dream I
should I should say that she said if I
fixed it she was gonna make out I did
I'm like this is good I'm so proud of
homeland Diego look at this look at this
beauty look at this good job good job
kill the Gator you look at pictures of
me yeah okay
totally talk with Lele it's like 4:00
a.m. something I've been doing nothing
for the past hour I mean no like social
media waiting my life she was a fun day
got to hang out with all my friends
unfortunately the Raptors did not pull
through with the wind but that's okay
because on Sunday I had a shoe and I
moved it to be a game seven so basically
Game seven is the make-or-break like who
whichever team wins goes on to the next
round which everything was out and this
is the closest we've ever been to making
history so sad Sunday's gonna be tore us
tomorrow is Beyonce concert which I'm
really excited about but for now I'm
gonna go to bed so that tomorrow I can
wake up I don't like them how do you
Morris a decent I'm just gonna sleep in
because it's for em right now but like
you know a little bit over time that's
not like totally darkness but thanks for
joining me another day and opiate is
great and and and if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe look
what I have are you ready it's the first
time I'm holding it as well this is the
lipstick always on liquid lipstick now I
want you to play close attention to
something it may just appear that it's a
splat and says boss but no no
