enhance mantra means earlier welcome
back we also harder piked if he lives
here good morning salt Africa
more specifically Durban I got totally
head fake cuz I got here to my hotel
froze late at night so I couldn't see
out the window let me show you the view
I woke up to what what what what so
needless to say I'm in a very good mood
I'm wearing my hustle harder t because
that's exactly what we're gonna do today
here's the missions you know we're gonna
visit another site that CTO P works with
gotta do some much work I've got to do
some inbox where I got a read a script
the hell just fall on that be present
enjoy the vibes let's do it absolutely
in this vlog if you haven't already seen
on social media i'ma tell y'all about
the meet and greet 9:47 a.m.
okay everyone's my new favorite place to
listen to the radio and the song song by
Cisco is on cue we take a moment
see there though maybe make it moaning
ah listen to the radio in what language
Isuzu there's music I'm really into
tipsy if you know this now he's coming
to town but look like this too late all
right where are we Rhett's all about
teeth and what are we gonna do here
we're gonna see something amazing you
know some big food in a big live
everywhere you go you're welcome to
music it's like the best five Center
where you walk into new place
so we just broke into these three
different groups where we had students
will be rotated in the three subjects
were based on what kids thought were the
number one issues that affect them so
three top three were substance abuse
teen pregnancy and rape and one thing
really caught me off guard which is when
I was in the substance abuse
conversation these are kids from age 12
to 19 the question was what is the
reason that you think people do drugs
and the very first response just like
put a lump in my throat I was like
because you know North America it would
be like be a pressure it would be your
trying to fit in maybe you're trying to
cope with your prom the first thing
someone said was maybe you got raped and
I was just like a lot of really
interesting insights from these kids I
think it's so important to listen to
kids and like hear from the source what
they're going through how they feel how
they think with the talk about with
their friends just learning so much and
it's just such a different reality and
this is kids are so smart
I don't know smart so how many people do
you think watch my videos how many
people follow are seeing 3 million 3
million no what he thinks so a million
what do you think 9 million ok you ready
for the answer
ready ready 13 million
that's right panda drone you know the
reoccurring theme of what I'm learning
while traveling is is so important to
travel because the world is so big and
there's so much to experience it let me
show you
my new friend Quinn ahead she's wants to
be a chef
Baker actress yes right all those three
things at the same time maybe I can
start with being a chair anything a chef
Baker than actress it's so easy it is
it's you're right it's easy all my
viewers your some of them are from South
Africa a lot of them some of them from
other parts of the world so they might
not know what it's like to live in South
Africa so what is like a typical day
what time do you wake up what do you do
now going I'm going to school yes high
five baby 5:30 in the morning okay what
time is cool start I have to be in
school at 7:30 okay and do you make your
bad bart uniform you eat breakfast eat
breakfast ready for breakfast cereals
carefully future lies Oh jumbo Alston
okay yeah tell me done school so now
schools done it's 2:30 you're a freak oh
whatever I realize I think actually you
sing yeah what do you think it means to
say I'm shocked
I'm not surprised I knew you could sing
you're great singer okay so you were
hurt yeah you do okay and then what
maybe I at home and then I do my choice
maybe I will cook cook
polish my shoes conscious being uniform
okay okay then just watch TV okay okay
so what happens if you don't do Church
don't freak out what's your favorite
movie
possibly furious 1 2 3 4 5 6 this isn't
really who's your favorite person in
that movie would your second favorite
person that movie do you like the rock
like Dwayne Johnson
yeah the rule what if I told you that
Lily is friends at the rock too fast
well show you some pictures you know
let's see this is me and him oh yes I
will be so happy
what's your favorite type of music
what's your favorite thing about me you
look beautiful why did we come funny
misses you know how to open eye this you
think so well one day you gotta come to
America and visit us if you could travel
to one place in the world where New York
have you ever seen snow
no no would you like to see snow I would
love oh it's very cold I know it's so
funny when they're playing it's no lie
okay thank you so much these are my
audience they call themselves team super
13 million people that watch and now
they're friends with another all your
friend all of them are your friends I
know exactly hello fan hello fan we
stand her yeah I'm between so cheilitis
to the team super handshake and these
guys are like you'll forget about that
but better one show me show me the
handshake ready so my so cool drive was
like an hour and a half and I was like
picking Shirley's is brainer old stuff I
was like asking about her tall and blond
and she said something to me I was like
yo word I love hearing people's stories
about like the projects they were
working on how much work it's taking and
she's telling me for atomic Blanchette
to like learn fighting for five hours a
day six days a week for two to three
months and I was like yo cuz just all
our own stunts in that movie and I'm
just like I loved hearing about her nose
so so dope so like the coolest drive
home I learned our until dinner before I
eat everything the world how much he'll
want to be here I was lying on my bed
relaxing when I'm scrolling through
Twitter and I felt the need to get up
and talk to my children right now
because I cannot with some of the trash
I'll be seeing online so you know know a
lot of real talk with you this is not me
being angry this is not me throwing
chase is not t this is not any of the
Internet language and slang word isn't
me being a real human trying to bestow
some lessons I've learned upon all of
you if you would so kindly receive it
I've been noticing online on Twitter no
specific people have been noticing a lot
of stuff about em super members fighting
amongst each other arguing over things
and I just feel it's important to
remember a few things number one being
perspective it's so easy to analyze
people's tweets and actions and what
people said in a video and they argue
over your favorites and all the stuff
it's not that serious every time I see
people not even you guys even like other
people's fans arguing over things I'm
like y'all will never know the Internet
is a very small fraction of someone's
entire personality in life and so
arguing over what's meant by a tweet
what someone said versus what they think
to send all that you'll never know
because behind the
people do a lot of other thing they have
a lot of other personality traits you
may not know about and so I see people
arguing about like their favorite so my
favors like this yours like that you'll
never know because you're not like those
people so I still give you that per
second all the perspective of living the
greater scheme of life just pick your
battles like at the end of the day even
I get caught up on like tweets respond
to tweets like this is a single tweet
and 140 or however many characters are
allowed now and the greater scheme of my
life do I want to really put my energy
towards this thing this small thing that
doesn't really matter in the greatest
remind of the reason I'll have team
super is because you're not basic you're
not basic you don't get caught up on the
stupid crap
don't throw shade even hate the term
shade to be honest because sometimes
I'll be tweeting something like that I
critically thought and people will be
like reg dumb be sure I'm just like it's
not shade it's not tea I'm literally
just expressing myself in a very mature
way and so reminding all of that you're
the best fans in the world because
you're not basing and every time I go to
events the organizers are saying that to
me they go your fans are so well-behaved
and they're so awesome and that's why I
love it please don't lose that my mad my
anger I just wanna remind y'all that
it's about love it's about understanding
is about growth it's about picking your
battles promoting what you love not
bashing what you say and just like why I
better did your life yo team super we're
in this together okay all of you told me
to try this
it's called bunny Chows the vegetarian
version of it's lettuces as the whole
moon is very large
not by the way so here's my review
tastes way more than what it looks like
is this beans and bread onions but it
tastes like it's so much more really
into its really filling I'm really fully
right but you didn't try some Cal go for
it yeah who should get the beans in
there make sure you get a little
overwhelming it's a little it's a really
thick bread but it's still very good I'm
very impressed that it tastes so much
more than what it looks like I also
think it's hella Q and it looks so good
on my Instagram so either way it's a win
she knows myself what up would have put
up two things number one I announced my
meet-and-greet Monday 8:30 a.m.
Johannesburg I am going back there it is
the only place I could find a venue to
meet and greets I'm sorry I'm not doing
one in Cape Town I'm actually not going
there and Durban I'm sorry I can only do
one in Johannesburg because of many
restrictions and safety and all that
stuff so 8:30 a.m. there's 200 wristband
first-come first-serve all the details
are in the description I also post it on
my social media second we're gonna have
another real talk this is but me full of
Real Talk you know myself so this isn't
we're really on it's like I'm not gonna
sugarcoat nothing we were really honest
all the others you're my it's fine we're
cool we can talk like this where does I
understand people wanting to meet me I
have so many people in a fan of Dewayne
Salim there's so many people I get being
a family I really get it and I get
wanting to meet people that inspire you
and I respect that hundred percent
that's why I try to do a meet and greet
it's all the places I go because I want
to have an opportunity for you to meet
me but in addition for me to meet you
because you mean a lot to me and I want
to meet you I want to meet the people
that made my dreams come true when it
comes to outside of meet and greets
meeting me some people show up at my
hotel I don't encourage that because
it's just again it goes back to safety
it's not I can't control the safety here
I can't control anything that happens
here so let there's a few people in
Lobby that I've met I don't encourage
that but I'm not really mad about that
because I'm like yo I get it kind of
like a hotel lobby is kind of public key
not really but it's like it doesn't
really invade invades my privacy but not
too hard so like even though I don't
support that I'm not mad at that
I'm openly saying to you I do not like
when people knock on my hotel room door
I'm openly communicating
T so if you are my fan I wants to meet
me know I'm never gonna want to be that
way like today there's like so many fans
laughing on my hotel room door
pretending to be room service like doing
all stuff and it's like late trying to
see if y'all know how much work I do in
a day like I'm trying to sleep I'm
trying to turn off there's no way as a
human I can be on 24/7 to do that and
that's where it gets a little bit
invasive of my privacy so if you are
watching this and you care about me
ensure a fan you will not knock on my
probably any other person's hotel room
door I think that's where you should
draw the high I want to communicate that
because I know I'm super chill and I'm
cool I love meeting you and it's all
true but even I have to draw lines here
and there and that's a line for me so
please know that I look forward to
meeting everyone in Johannesburg on
Monday I'm sorry I couldn't do it
everywhere but like I said I'm trying
with that let's see how we did today
thanks so much for watching today when
you're watching this I think with the
time zones actually no that's yesterday
no no I don't know every day was coming
out soon possibly already came out hmm
interesting
time zones mad
you
