we also harder practive you loose your
also I don't know what blue Smurf the
lighting is like a blue knob would be
yeah but I think that's not we could be
friends good good evening wherever you
are hostile horror is the theme for
today walkers we're gonna fight jet lag
because I'll go back for yeah because
jet lag was like welcome with a pounding
headache and I use all my remedies that
I showed you yesterday I packed my tiger
balm my essential oils awesome dude a
little better we're still a little bit
woozy here's the mission for today bloom
coma visit CH o ma ma P for knows their
own chomik omotchama that visit a dfl
performance plus lunch then we're flying
to Durban I want to say sorry for
mispronouncing that we have dinner so
the pre-flight distal I gotta go to my
room boxes while all that more let's do
it well I gotta say you know I always do
things when they feel right in my life
starting a production company
auditioning things like always waited
for the moment I'm like I'm ready to do
this more and more recently I've had
that feeling with music
I've been listening to music and I'm
like I'm ready to do this I feel like
I'm ready to write music me not release
a time so definitely start writing again
like I feel like it's that time and I'm
ready when I get back to LA that's was
gonna happen you know go also wanted to
just mention real quickly I know the
place we're traveling today I've gone a
lot of tweets because please come wrap
me angry I only have one meeting room
and the reason I'm not meeting people
every stop I go is because a little
large group and obviously Safety's a
thing and like being considerate of
other people's a things so for me I'd
have a meet and greet every goddamn day
well that's an exaggeration I get tired
but all the places I'm visiting but it's
not always just about me it's not always
just about you know our amazing
relationship we have to consider of
other people so in case you're wondering
like how that actually comer you're
having a meeting great I always do it
when I can and I'm gonna do it details
to come
I don't even have details with me great
soon is the offense yes Kyle I'm always
a guy's Internet's revenge analysis is
always a ten hundred reasons I can ii
there's a
yes it is exactly we've started our
games we now have a good lot of a youth
advocacy work through making noise and
we've currently each 1.4 million unique
users so trauma magazine is basically we
have started to mobile magazine for
girls and young woman successful on
Facebook what's at Instagram Twitter and
it has a game as well
it basically features articles on sexual
reproductive health HIV prevention
lifestyle content and fun stuff such as
fashion beauty what makes it different
is because trauma is a Big Spring
through a traumatic this comes from the
rich for me which means my face for a
big sister someone I can trust and
confide in hey guys my name is really
fine my name is Lily hi I am too old for
school so what I do is I in different
places whether it's in different places
without regard to police in Asia I talk
about women's rights a lot so whether
abuse or safety education is a big one
for me that I talk about all kids
especially living gave a chance for
school my parents from India so a lot of
girls there don't get to go to school or
it's not really accepted for girls to go
to school there so I do a lot of work
advocating for women's education this is
the first time in ribbon in South Africa
my friend Charlize brought me and so I'm
learning a lot about issues that I have
never been exposed to before such as HIV
and such as just different types of
barriers
I'm really excited to learn your stories
and hopefully do whatever I can to just
learn and become a better advocate for
babies we want to talk to the girls in
South Africa we would have learn about
them and so there's people all over the
world are just wanting to learn about
you and your lives and so basically
you're famous
this is Beyonce yeah and you guys are
there right there right there right
there right there are no dumb questions
right we shouldn't feel embarrassed we
shouldn't feel shy you need to know it's
our bodies and we should talk about it
right so I'm really happy that you guys
are having this conversation all right
meet my new friends tell me your names
hi I'm Riley besides I'm in here nothing
one more little time this weekend cause
okay they're all so fabulous so talent
but my friend right here is teaching one
of the dance called glad I'm glad I did
not but the whole thing is goes um boom
can you teach it to me okay now we're
gonna come
oh yes without music okay hold on I just
came off
okay that was amazing I'm obsessed Lulu
the driver to get it we need to go but
it's like hold me away cuz I wanted to
say there's girls are so amazing now
we're at drama for life
to meet all the people so dope I'm
having like the time of my lot so I
didn't show you much of this performance
cuz I was way too into it to vlog it was
amazing oh good it was so good it's
basically a play that touches on a whole
bunch of issues that go teenagers deal
with your souls like HIV abuse gender
inequality but it was done in suspect
sex safe sex wasn't such a comedic well
delivered way I am blown away it was
amazing the names drama for life drama
for like it was so dope I'm so impressed
now here's the airport I had Lisa's
probably turbine turbine quick 55 minute
flight and we're here in Durban
just had some bomb Indian food on
yourself Indian food and some Bob
lounger gulab jamun with a little bit
apparently the second greatest
population of Indian peoples I've India
isn't there so extra happy because your
girl got a spice here is what a grateful
down when I'm pack a little bit and run
talk to you a little bit me face having
my baby hi sweet boy he's so perfect and
sweet and special look at you you sleepy
boy are you sleepy boy you make mommy do
you make mommy a party I am a movie with
oh my sweet boy my sweet boy just went
through my complete inbox
give me the points in a little bit past
midnight so I've officially beaten jet
lag as well killin the game I thought I
would Emma Knight a little bit of
reflection because I had such a
jam-packed day that was so much great
energy and so many great people and
something I've really learned was you
know someone came up to me today very
humbly and they said you're so great at
connecting with these girls like they
love spending time with you and this has
something really special to me she's
like oh that's her gift like connecting
to people like I just it's just
beautiful to watch and that meant a lot
to me because I'm always a little
nervous when I go into these
environments where like I'm hearing
people's stories that are obviously not
easy to hear and then I like how I
respond to them how I react and want to
make sure it's authentic I want to make
sure it's sensitive and so it's really
nice it was someone on the team that
said that any time I travel to these
places and I make these new friends like
the girls I mean it's just a reminder
that giving back isn't always just about
money like it's not about money
and it's not about what resources you
have to offer people time and time again
I feel like the best connections I make
and the best things I do the most
meaningful things I do are always
because I give time it's time and energy
it's not about me like me just going up
to girls and me what are you in your
spare time let me teach you the team
super handshake let me acknowledge you
let me like give you my time and energy
that's always the thing that goes the
furthest and makes the biggest impact so
just something to think about in your
own life as well it's not about getting
gifts for the people you love it's not
about like all those other things it's
about time and energy and how much that
can mean to people you know
acknowledging them and really being
present for them and so that's just
looking to think about a great day today
I miss playing two days here and I can't
wait to do all the fun things are doing
and I think tomorrow
literally tomorrow when this vlog comes
out I think I'm posting about the meet
and greet on my social so just stay
tuned it's coming it's gonna be limited
I'll tell you right now is everyone get
on it as soon as I post this they Tunes
my Instagram and my Twitter's and all
that jazz and tell tomorrow in South
Africa
you
