and she starts and I'm welcome back
wheel so hard to park to be lived here
what are we doing right now I'm walking
to day two of shooting my short horror
film
I'm so excited because I love it so a
hot beautiful lovely day so I get that
much sleep I got like seven hours so I'm
feeling alright I have you right
irritated the remember that bite I told
you about
look my body's really itchy and I'm a
very irritable in certain places like my
foot and my hand is just a whole thing
so I think I'm evolving into a superhero
here's the mission for today
juju day to encode through my inbox all
things I can do today I'm gonna try to
multitask as much as I can have so many
things to do before I leave for South
Africa on Sunday let's do it so today is
definitely the harder day of the shoot I
got some stunts today which I'm not
gonna show you because it gives away the
story my decision I really love what I
can control which all-seer does this is
a thing unicorn Island productions
that's what's our fastest ah but I'm
excited to make it happen let's do it
hello
old-school of that I'm into it
good morning we've - what day - I'm
great I'm great I had a lot of breakfast
um he had a lot of breakfast camera lady
like you know like you're sure it's
almost as nice as my shirt though
you know combo started saying oh snap
you wanna hustle harder like me you
definitely have to apparently wear a
shirt to do that I think it was in that
whole thing okay great so we needed a
large mirror today you may recognize
this one it's from my room Brogan single
handedly with her muscles rotted here
drove with it halfway out her car
probably with her blinkers on driving 2
kilometers an hour a job and now it's
here and it looks amazing and this is
gonna bring us a lot of our poor Murugan
made a great point that is today's
Friday the 13th and we're shooting this
before think it's pretty great more
importantly today's national Friday
which probably told me both very
important things it's great everything's
we're setting up a shot I was like
confusing because you just said national
Friday national French Friday sorry
Larry we've got very important
information ok you can be a good job
yes good job we're setting up a frame
right here it's looking great look at
this beautiful wide space I'm so into it
oh damn we got some airbrushing going
down it's about to be lit makeup on Zach
it's gonna be amazing you ready girl you
ready to go you ready good you already
know I'm ready oh what's up what things
are going great I want to touch base
about something real real quick because
I have to eat my words and I told you
earlier and that is I was like yo
back-to-school merchants gonna be sick
back-to-school merch gonna be sick if
you know anything about me I don't like
to do things unless I do them oh honey
we're working on the back of school
merch and there's a few things I know a
lot of you haven't gotten your festival
merch yet I'm going through the designs
it'll might just doesn't feel a hundred
and I don't want to do anything I just
feel 100 because I know your hard earned
money did you spend on that merch so
I've made the executive decision right
now to not do back-to-school merch
because I don't feel like the best thing
to offer right now having said that the
dope designs I did have will we transfer
it over and I'm gonna do a killer
holiday drop the holiday drop will be
100 I will be cool
behind I'll be in love with it I just
don't want to release something like
that's timed wrong that's not just the
best I can make it I don't feel right
doing that I don't want to release merge
just for the sake of releasing merge
just because I want to release a t-shirt
I'm not about that
so I apologize for staying back school
merch it's gonna happen I'm gonna hold
off but I promise you they designs and
ideas we have that we're gonna work in
advance now or the holiday merge y'all
ain't even ever ready okay it's fine so
Paula G's holiday merge holiday merge
will also include a backpack though in
case you wanted that school swag I ku ku
ku wage also means you have more time
for this mug it's gonna be shipped out
soon the reason is taking so long ship
out is because actually custom-made the
tie-dye shirts all of them are custom
like tie-dyed it's not just a print it's
like custom tie-dye so that's what I
take in a while but he's not come if you
want this hush
you're on what I believe is the toughest
shot of the thing we gotta figure it out
because we're trying to look a visual
effects thing practically so what's kind
of we're basically rocket scientists
everything's going great
everything is awesome we just want to
point out the fact that so this reef
year and there's a person named Kyle
here it's not our company's name cloud
and there's also a person named Taylor
here not our television so the world of
story is why people need to bury your
names because you guys now I told you
I'm come back and ask you this all your
experience like tell ma who I am yo
straight up she's terrible I'm never
working work the worst this was a great
cast a great experience great crew and
I'm looking forward to working Lily
again boy
no I don't know what to say she's not
funny at all yeah I'm into it I'm into
it drag me all right home after a long
hard day my friends all went out but I'm
surprised to get a micro bed and wake up
early tomorrow and do two video shoot
tomorrow that's so much less to do for
at least and I keep saying this but I
really got mad I used to do but I'm so
happy I directed my first thing I don't
know how it's gonna turn out I'm like I
had a really great experience I already
feel it's a win but it's the amount of
things I learned on set well there's new
terminology or like things I learned I
was doing wrong like hauling cut too
early when there was a magical but there
was one woman when first shooting
something and she was done her action
but then like something magical was
happening with the camera in terms of
like half of her face doing stuff and I
called cut and I was like let's do that
again actually I just couldn't recreate
that moment so it's all about like just
like if you got anything extra like
don't yell cut like really just don't
just look for what you're looking for
seats and your magic can be grated so
there's a lot of things I learned just
really cool but actually the reason I
started I was just telling one of my
friends before they went out I realized
this one swear I've never told you that
I thought I would tell you right now
hold up so something I don't think y'all
know and I don't think it's anything
like it's not a big deal but I get like
my arms and stuff on my legs it's a
blazer but they never know someone's
talking about you my legs my like Indian
geez bro man here so I got lasered but
like my laser girl now is legit she's a
bomb a zepa back in the day and I think
we're talking about like just pain
levels of pain the most painful thing
I've ever experienced in my entire life
there's two things number one on that
list physical pain is the first time I
got lasered which was like years ago
when the technology first came out okay
so like if you've experienced this you
can relate calm below when the first
technology first came I was a lot of
people ended laser with machines that
just like didn't know what they were
doing the machine wasn't very like
friendly and people just had the
intensity way too high the first time I
got lasered I was my sister and her best
friend and we went my sister went first
and all I know she walked out she was
like and I was like yo what is a hurt
like does it hurt and I was like young
girl II just heard of her she's like
it's just it just feels like you know
something's inviting you I'm like what
are you the hurt you think it's fine
you'll be fine okay so I go into this
Ardi write that mother happened with
holding a laser beam ahead oh no like oh
my god I was like okay there's no way
like I'm a pretty high pain tolerance I
feel like most women do I'm okay you
know what I don't know so I literally
like my armpits that we're getting
lasered TM I don't do enough actually
starts and I'm so bad because you don't
put any gel intense who's way too high
it hurts so bad I remember like cringing
like this what she was doing and I said
I was like listen please stop do
something something it's okay almost
done almost done top pleased obviously
this okay but baby piglets stop it
I'm so kind you come ing the bed
literally Center like you stop I'll
still pay you'll still pay if you stop I
made it out I survived it I walked out
of my sister's best friend is next I
love it like this she's like you dinner
her I'm like this thing's cuz I think
you're getting bit oh crap and her like
always it was all burnt and Gatos so by
second worst pain my life is definitely
like some of the periods I've had when I
was younger when I was in high school my
pretties be so nice it's like faith and
stuff and like it should be like a whole
situation they all that I don't know
point of the story with one I guess I'm
just trying to see like bro
combed my hair and for that I need some
points because it was a hot effing
disaster wash my hair I'm gonna go to
bed wake up early do a script free I'm
so - goddamn tired I just need to go to
bed let's yeah we did today
I tell tomorrow when you're watching
this right now it's gonna rain last it
was Scarborough and then I'm leaving him
for like 10 days I can't even can't even
also I think there's things I just I'll
tell you what was it oh yeah yeah stay
tuned for a South Africa me angry
you
