to react to these pictures as y'all
think look like me you ready
what about know if it's all the wheels
the heart of productivity lives here it
is very early wealth 9 but I woke up a
little bit ago today is the big day
here's the mission you don't wrecked my
first horror short is there a way to say
whore without citing like I'm saying
whore I don't think so let's do it
situation right usually if I was doing
this shoot it's a secret shoot I'm sorry
I can show you see I can block but
here's the thing this is a unicorn
island production right here and I'm
directing and I am in charge and I know
that showing y'all what I'm doing is
very beneficial I'm not branding mother
effing you you will definitely get to
see all the things I'm doing I'm in
control which is you don't see I don't
want you to know the story I don't want
you to know like the twist or like the
end or anything but you can see my
spirits directing because yo anything I
control with unicron productions you
will not be kept in the dark okay that's
what's up boss mode
I can't keep vlogging cuz I'm in your
left right now so I'll just keep talking
as a kind of starpha Oh directing water
forget gun kill the game today you ready
to go on this ride with me I'm so
excited it's time to step on your
comfort zone really and friggin learn
and do your best make it happen
that's all right so we're on location
and this is our space ah very very cool
this roof is very low I've hit my head
on this bar five times you have you
started to do oh yeah okay right doesn't
be six true Rogen's you're looking like
a snack she's like today I am the
directors assistant and I'm gonna show
up and I'm be here I'm gonna everybody
know so they never forget my snack nurse
Brogan what do you think do you think
I'm gonna nail this or totally fail
she's perfect no you're just saying that
good keep saying that I like it the
space this is all the stuff some of the
challenges are that we've got to keep
adjusting the separatists a small space
it's a big space because I'll stop so
like we're our tables in the bed and
there's like no space to put anything so
we're figuring it out I think we're a
little behind schedule
and then there's this guy I can't get
rid of this guy tell you look at this
guy
I'm back you're back it's good I might
throw you in this random we do will say
no it's like how many times amount of
crew do you think compared to what I
have three three times four times four
times as much as I have this thing
what's more people though there's so
much more misidentification there's so
many more like oh I didn't know that the
organ is there just so many more parts
of the puzzle which is what I like to
keep it small I like to keep it as that
it can be the actress you can you know
direct you couldn't do the prop design
the side design all that stuff this is
really good it's good that everybody has
her own jobs like this this is my chair
right here monitor bigger than usual I'm
into it I'm into it I first shocked me a
mirror shot is he can't do work what's
not a mirror I'm saying for it or not
for it I'm saying forward con for Reef
is forcing you to drink water he put an
L or you have so I cannot even hide it
no I'm kidding it's not that bad hmm
actually what no it is does this ever
happen to you guys as you'll get older
you're gonna notice random pieces of
hair on your face be like oh my god how
did this long hair randomly on my chin
that I never discovered I just
discovered one right now and I can play
with it Brogan I need you to pluck this
hair I vote whisker on my chin please do
it you see it no we do it for you you've
got to be there's like a long one
how'd you get it yeah okay I'm going to
without bumping my head on this
introduce them to of my amazing cast why
addition which I already told them was
really written because I'm usually when
auditioning so I was on leg off hard
soft part it's our amazing cast right
here I was reading it all the way all
the way it was good of the focus here
what's your name what's your name okay
and okay there and I was like two women
of color I am here for this I'm amazing
chemistry they didn't know each other
but now they're like friends and they're
like doing two crap together but they
are catches only two people and they're
amazing and phenomenal and I cannot wait
for you see them on screen to experience
been like so far my horrible is horrible
so much fun though he's made it an
amazing set everything just feels so
natural
alright I'll pay you later okay it's
been great okay so the trick here is
that I want a wide shot sliding from
behind the sofa but I don't want to show
upstairs cuz upstairs not set yet so
like the lens can't be wide enough to
see upstairs do wide enough to capture
the space that's what I'm dealing with
right now
it means yeah you know my script and
shoot involves a stunt i sweating like
audience of water and someone said is
that your third I said no it's my cornea
what am i nothing mermaid great first
day great birthday everyone great first
day that was awesome like I had so much
fun doing that it's just like a whole
different part of my brain where I'm
like yo I don't need to worry about the
performance why is my car battery dying
what okay hold on here is it's nineteen
volume but my performance is like a
different muscle like how can I bring
out the best out of these actions were
so talented like remove the cameras just
like so much of a challenge but I can
clearly feel my brain growing I enjoyed
it so so much I cannot wait to do this
again tomorrow
now I gotta pick up Scarborough and go
home leg up come home and there's nobody
P
Oh obviously that's staying here why
because this is it this is it this is a
shelter for ya
I want everyone to know that I just
drove my car into a school and now
there's a little scratch on the one of
my car but I'm more sad about my stool
because the leg of it bent and broke
okay so let me tell you about what
happened last night let me spill the
mother-effing horrifying T this is what
hey I go to bed right here I'm just like
okay then a 3:30 I am awakened rapidly
because I felt like my hands were on
fire so I'm gonna sleep you know what
and I fell like my hands were on fire I
literally was like hitting them and like
I ran to the washroom because what
happened was here felt like it was on
fire and there was a bump for me it was
super it just does excrete and then this
finger start to get swollen so this
thing was swollen as hell already and I
had a little bump right here I ran to
the washroom put my hands under cold
water cuz they literally fell to her on
fire they're burning so like under the
thing I was like scrubbing and I come
back to my bed in my arms like turning
red and I'm like scratching my arms like
really for intense like very intense I
go downstairs and I pop a benadryl
because I'm like yo I'm probably having
an allergic reaction to something I have
no I didn't eat anything different and
use anything different nothing take a
benadryl and I go to sleep here's what I
think happened I'm and I'm traumatized
to say this okay I was telling the story
to someone and they said the same thing
I was thinking in there said it sounds
like a spider bite what you were making
that in my sleep I could have got bitten
by a spider I tell you this slowly
because if I wake up tomorrow the next
coming days as spider-man you know why
literally I cannot explain there's no
exaggeration I literally felt like my
hands were on fire and my finger phallic
was gonna explode it was so swollen it
was horrendous I hope I have superpowers
so yesterday I told y'all I thought of a
really good vlog segment idea okay and
that
look-alikes I often get tweets they're
like you look exactly the first is
supposed to act like you so my fan
account tweeted saying send pictures
that look like Lilly I've not seen any
of these pictures and I have them on a
folder on my phone I'm gonna react to
these pictures as y'all think look like
me you ready oh no that does look like
me but I look like Sierra's yeah looks
like me I will mother I can't take it oh
my god we look and get it girl get it
I'm not gonna let you I'm not even gonna
lie I thought this is me i legit thought
this was me that's crazy
is this ear again okay yo am i Sierra's
twin are you guys just saying we see our
pictures wait who b pakka Sam Sun I
actually don't know what this is I'm
sorry for not knowing I don't think this
looks as much like me as the other ones
but I could see the resemblance
okay I've gotten Deepika a lot
this pictures Photoshop it's not real it
must be a team super Russia extravaganza
that does look like me that doesn't look
like two versions of me that's crazy how
those do okay that's crazy
okay I got a lot of tweets about this
one this is someone in a show and
everyone was like you're even a cameo on
this show I'm like no I did not I could
see how that looks like I'm it's just
gorgeous a flattered
I thought that was me oh my god brick
are we just all variations of each other
okay that doesn't look like me I don't
think that looks like me okay I don't
think that looks like me either I don't
think that looks like me Lord this is so
funny cuz I actually texted Lord being
like I am shocked because someone sent a
side-by-side comparison like I'm shook
at how effing creepy this is I don't
think I look like her I don't think she
looks like me but in this picture
there's a picture of me that exists that
looks like her in this picture she's hot
as hell I mean I'm down this person
looks like me I don't know I feel like
the noses differ um he's you stupid
smart people i seed you okay now that
looks like me and I was like me either
there's two sure that's my hair's gotta
be longer
now this looks exactly like me
happy birthday Masako by the way I love
you baby that looks exactly like me I
mean I have never seen a more accurate
picture of myself in this one yes I love
it this is me not oh that looks like me
I don't know either I mean yes this
looks like me I mean you know what I'm
just saying I don't understand how I did
not even get an audition for Jasmine for
the live-action Aladdin what the mother
effing hell I think that looks just like
me yeah Jessi Reyes my sister I actually
did think that was me I've never seen
her with her hair I've ever seen her in
person with her hair straight at least
not looks like me to witness I could see
how this Milan look at me but no again
it's in the hair the hair is like too
light
Liza okay I'm gonna maintain that Liza
and I look nothing alike she's so
beautiful
but none of our features are the same
literally our height is different our
hair is different our structures
different like I just I don't think we
look anything like that wasn't saying
you're real talk some of those pictures
I was like yeah this is me isn't that
crazy because I always feel like I
actually don't know what I look like if
I'd to describe myself I'd be like I
have cheeks like I wouldn't know it so
that was insane thank you everyone that
sent those in I am blown away I feel
like everyone should ask their friends
to send them pictures like be like send
me pictures I look like me because
you'll be blown away
so go weird feeling it's weird I don't
know it's where I need a shower I bro I
think you look like mommy make sense is
you're my son right boom boom boom boom
I AMA and the vlog here shot seven that
watch my main channel video today types
of best friends in rom-com speaking a
friend yeah yeah yeah feels like home
let's see how you did
del tamaño de - directing I cannot wake
up in so cool
you
