oh my god it to do it is everything is
happening right and I don't know well we
hustle harder productivity lives here it
is so late in the day it's like 5:30
6:00 p.m. so sorry I've neglected you
like horrible mother I'm so sorry I have
had a crazy day I know I said in every
vlog but I'm saying it again I've so
many things to do before I leave on
Sunday and there's just an unrealistic
amount so I'm like running around going
to meetings writing stuff shooting stuff
it's just non-stop here's the mission
for today even though I did a lot of the
stuff already zoom donut screening
records by snooze oh the meeting did all
those things even the point now I got to
write a script a quarter and write some
more spice news record some more spice
news and possibly shoot a parents react
also prep for my shoot tomorrow this is
a lot of things a little overwhelming Oh
a little overwhelmed I'm like trying to
delegate but only so much I can delegate
because there's only one me and so much
of this stuff requires my face which
mean if you look like me highlight you
girls too can be me that's a really good
segment idea interesting oh come through
she said I have a long day and I am
going to treat myself okay got a little
sour cream oh yes oh come to mama I
working on my first script and can I
just say unrelated there could be no
greater reminder that we're all getting
old then Justin Bieber getting engaged
like literally me reading them just like
baby baby baby oh my back back back
that doesn't back to me that one because
I simply cannot finish writing finished
recording did the damn thing my like it
is less what company is this you're
thinking like you a company oh Wescott
flex okay I'm not very impressed with
these life they'll be breaking all the
time I haven't had them that long
there's always an issue with them we
send them back like yeah I know we can't
fix it but if you want go buy a brand
new as another woods
is okay what no it's just it's a
struggle so basically what is the moral
of story one side of my rant was lit the
other was not I just looked like to face
that Batman villain this was the Batman
this is Batman villain who's not talking
about it uneven okay bloody has just
finished my production call for my shoot
tomorrow as you know my directing debut
is happening tomorrow and Friday when he
watches today and Friday and directing
something's today's shoot I'm really
excited about it and like I just really
wanna do a good job so I'm trying to
prep prep prep a forensics car before
Lille walk there we go it's also harder
whatup Star Trek brains got a FaceTime
uncle humble because it says Happy
Birthday
you gotta wish him happy birthday love
if uncle humble answers he might be too
popular he might be too popular oh right
oh wow there you have it folks
there you have it who's the better
friend I saw you I mentioned this
earlier but I remember I was like oh
thanks gonna be a second idea alright so
remember earlier I said I thought it was
a good idea the fan account losing fan
just tweeted asking for ducks a fan
account no it's not me by the way I know
you guys think I'm my own fan account
know who tweeted about if you know any
local lights of doppelgangers for me to
tweet them back and every tweeted as
well that's what that tweet send me
images of people you think look like me
cuz I get that really awesome
you look like so-and-so like you look
just like this girl I saw send me those
pictures I want to react with them maybe
I'll do that tomorrow for a segment so
do that so today on Twitter it's all
American Pet day or some trash like that
and I'm like conflicted cuz Scarborough
although I got him in LA is 100%
Canadian I don't care he is Canadian in
spirit he has the behavior of a Canadian
he has the politeness and charisma of a
Canadian he's frickin Canadian so I
cannot participate in this hashtag just
went do my unboxing of the point
something that's really important to me
for this shoot tomorrow
I got you right off the bat I'll
probably say it's a hundred more times
before our releases this shoot is about
sensitive stuff like I'm not playing it
safe I want to tell real stories you
know we're not all real stories things
that happen even if they're
uncomfortable and so it's a really like
sense of thing but here's the thing I
don't want to be one of those people
that gets caught up in like oh the angle
of this shot and like who does this lamp
like work and does it make sense and
they say I want to make sure the store
is priority I
you like a lot of times people learn new
skills they learn about new equipment
and they learn about all these different
jobs you can hire people to do and they
start losing touch with the story I
start focusing on all those details that
are important but like a viewer doesn't
necessarily pick up on you know viewer
gets captured by a story and when you're
really captured by a story it doesn't
matter if like this dacor thing in the
background like it's a certain way it's
like no thing that should capture them
is the story so and promising myself to
stick to that storytelling over
everything
oh are you ready to see some hot fire
right now hot fire my room look at all
this hot fire look what I got sent to me
oh damn a box of merch team super crops
conquer teas what we got here well then
oh then wait for it wait for it oh snap
the team super had a hustle harder have
you the samples that you and I oh that's
sexy
hola no say you know what separate
person ain't are these the samples I
also did not have us two got in here
hold up one away for a wafer wafer say
bye down the Pindell okay I love me a
good pin on my back up my jean jacket I
freaking love this you want it Lilly
Singh Kham is where you can get it down
Sam they also got the yellow and black
hustle harder tees y'all here's the
thing right my house is full of positive
affirmations my body is too I just
believe that when you're surrounded by
these boats and you're wearing and you
feel somewhere like it does actually
impact you on my laptop I have like the
wallpaper inspirational when I'm wearing
this there's like no BS like I just feel
like yo it's a lifestyle Famicom
hustling I'm got time for you okay I'm
feeling myself way too much also for all
y'all curious about sizing I am wearing
a medium right now this is the vibes I
usually wear a medium oh hold up you
know who else's birthday it is today
come on Wow
I have no friends actually humble did
call me back when we talked for a really
long time so I think is in Paris right
now so many birthdays this is like the
crazy birthday tom was Kyle's birthday
Socko humbles birthdays on the same to
my cousin's birthday this day I got a
lot of things are going on these couple
days so it's real hectic okay yo check
this stuff I've been doing a lot of work
recently like kind of going crazy I'm
not gonna lie my chill is not as bare as
it usually is it's kind of missing chill
where you ask do so many things work
work work work work I've been working
non-stop
I haven't even had a chance to watch the
handmade some two episodes like the
finale and that haven't been seen it
unacceptable long story short I told my
team McGill I wanna do some leisure and
share me some leisure is to do some
coloring some creative something I have
here what is a 3d pen I don't know what
this is I'm assuming what I think is
that like it's gotta be something
technology I know 3d printing this thing
but I don't get how a pen without like a
computer can work so we're gonna figure
it out I'm gonna try a 3d pen right now
dude dig a hole dig out okay that's a
whoa I mean this is a way more high-tech
than I thought what is all this I am so
confused what Oh see yeah there's a plug
Bessy yeah obviously super oh my god is
the holder for my pen easily amused okay
okay so I have a variety of patterns
here I don't understand are these
stickers filament input hole after
connecting the pen to the power supply
it enters into standby condition when
the LED screen displays plot why dumpers
I have no idea what I'm really riding
the cable to you two we go hold on oh my
god I get it stand by I'm gonna make
this bunny so I gotta build this what
are you saying to me right now this just
has stress written all over it look at
this how is this fact look at this this
is like your jewelry your necklaces when
you put them all here this is this is my
bras after I do my laundry what is what
is this so I think that lights got a
little green and when it goes green it's
ready to be loaded the numbers are going
up
one eighty twenty three oh my god it's
like my age okay here we go come on show
me the green
okay cool let's do it oh my god it's
working it's eating everything
it's me at Chipotle yeah yeah it's
smoking oh why are you doing this oh my
god it's do it everything is happening
right and I don't know I'm such a good
person okay okay Shh no okay
okay nice like a glue gun to be honest
is this how fast this goes because I
have no time for this okay I'm gonna
make an executive decision and say s the
rabbit I'm gonna make my own design
think you know where I'm going with this
okay so here's what I've done so far
I've written my name it's not an order
around in space that's fine so I think
which was regionals appeal at all create
two versions and then literally make it
3d my question is can I just build up
without peeling it off if I could just
build up I will think this is more than
just a glorified glue gun because that's
what seems like right now I want to try
that method so instead of peeling off I
would have to do this peel off two L's
hold them like that and then connect
them like a glue gun but I want to
actually just go like this and make it
let's see stand by you ready you see no
you can't you can't do that you can't do
that
trash trash is fine so what I have to do
is you can see they're coming off with
your flying fine so now I have these
little pieces that I have to make 3d so
I'm gonna attach them like so hold stand
by stand by
how do I do this like how do I hold them
what okay hold on hold on everyone just
calm down okay
no this is no this is this is this is
ridiculous I don't understand oh I'm
taking all of the elves right now okay
I'm determined to make one thing one
thing with this crap standby done I made
myself
this wedding ring right here look at
this three dimension oh god damn it
myself is wedding ring relaxing so my
detailed review was like I'm sure you
could make like the person the video
made like a plane and stuff alike I
thought that I'd be able to literally go
like this and create some unless I mean
this wrong I don't think that I don't
see how this is different than a glue
gun with just different colored glue am
i stupid and comment below is there a
different way to be doing this Oh me oh
no yeah you know you just pop the
question so we were in Rome does get any
Justin Bieber my Haley Baldwin real
quick ooh just like yo this yeah it's
like 24 karat plastic yeah straight
custom-made with the glue gun
yeah it was so sweet ya know I'm ready
I'm ready to settle down Saginaw no one
ever that many people said me never
tomorrow four or five of my friends need
a place to stay so they're staying in my
house means I gotta clear all this crap
know about hosting hospitality I'm on
there so I'm gonna like clean up the
place a little bit get some mattresses
set up do the damn thing let's get to it
and it what time is it right now
oh it's 12:15 I wanted to be in bed by
12 I'm gonna spend 15 minutes on this
bike oh my god there's a naked boy in my
room look at him look at him on naked
look at his face is looking like what's
up right or that back should we do dirty
things you mean like like you're all in
the medicine yes
dirty dirty things like this right
you're salty to shake that part it you
just oh you know what I need to do and
just wash my face put on a face mask
it's been like four days since I've done
that I cannot all right I'm gonna put my
face mask and while I put my face mask
and ask you a series of questions that
I'm giving you full permission to be as
honest as you want to be so in the sense
of I guess it was very good very good
this is
props the first time you've been sober
during with your signature mistake a
good bigot and remember this time good
to summarize the experience of being my
friend
what would you send you're allowed to
say all of my flaws and all of my good
things and everything I'm like it's like
uh it's a like a bit of a roller coaster
fun
I don't like any relationship there's
ups and downs I think if you won here by
the way I know you guys are you know
some you chase speaking this accent we
don't know why it just happened it's
like sometimes it's obviously we do like
super cool fun things sometimes and
sometimes and then obviously there's
also times where just like our super
cool fun times which is just like laying
on the floor and like maybe like
drinking or eating popcorn super fun and
then there's also like frustrating times
it's like you know Emily doesn't rely on
my tag this is number one complaint yeah
she's so bad okay let me clear like I'll
be like it's really important I need to
talk to you two months later I'm sorry
I'm very bad texting is my phone in
general just frustrating there's too
much stuff happening on it so I mean
yeah I guess I guess that part's like
frustrating so you being busy is
frustrating I think you're better in
person obviously what's one of your best
memories with me I don't know what this
one person there's a lot there's a lot
but I guess one of my first memories
when we were remember we went damn it
red candy for the first time yeah like
ever
yeah and we got if you're gonna say what
I was gonna say that's insane because
well there's a couple of things happen
yeah I know what you're gonna what are
you say you're gonna say when I saved
you all of this very annoying qualities
you're so quick on his feet and it does
something needs to get done like he's
not useless he's so not useless maybe
with his own stuff is useless but like
witty but when it comes to like oh
there's situations we handle so he needs
to be done if he just will figure out a
way to get done camping I swing by the
fire Karen was on my lap and the fire
sparked up and hit me in the eye I
instantly liked better everyone else was
look chase jump over the fire took so
far like was all over and saved my
vision for project okay okay yo yo yo
game like yeah cap it was just a good
experience I just I remember us playing
monopoly in the door
mm-hmm you did when you almost winning
and I was very thoroughly impressed
others like you literally just almost
went on to take over and then she did it
life later on said you know those are
good you won the game I won like with
you thank you for joining us with
friendship with Jess you look really
good dude yes I've been working out guys
comment below like you know everyone's
looking really good this is it a solid
behalf I don't see but you know don't
you like to burn tomorrow okay good
all righty yo I'm gonna go to bed I got
some directing ish today when you're
watching this is super Thursday evan is
coming on he's a little sneak peek
what's up
Marsha it's 8 a.m. true
okay you are omelette and a shot are you
just getting home yeah I did take and
for right now I'm gonna go sleep so I
can't direct amar oh my god make sure
you hear tomorrow so you can hear all
about me ranting and raving with all
you
