welcome to the Internet where apparently
car tours are thing on this is very
excited because anyone that watched my
vlog to know I love my car welcome back
to lazy we hustle harder productivity
lives here suited booted button are
actually not wearing suit I'm just
wearing a shirt and it's kind of mistake
anyways yo it's gonna be sick today it
is Tuesday I'm really tired and
sleep-deprived but this what usually
happens before I travel cuz I got a bank
on myself I'm gonna hustle pull through
it cuz I know in the coming days there
will be a rest day that I do get but I'm
gonna earn it here's a mission for today
you got a meeting Didache and tell you
about in a second shoe video what to do
to possibly shoot videos three have a
production meeting go through my inbox
please my consult we're gonna see
although we don't make 24 hours is that
a bug that's so I actually just came
back from my meeting which is why I'm a
little bit spiffy right now it was at
the sick he was like mad nostalgia same
place where we shot Bright Futures and I
was in the same room that I auditioned
for so just like a walk down memory lane
so like good vibes good energies had a
great meeting that I can tell you
nothing about womp-womp-womp no thought
about Bright Futures but it was about
where some really cool other stuff now
we have a million other things to do it
was being super cute today you go
where'd you go where'd you go where'd
you go there he is hi Bumba Brogan
you're being cute today to officially
fix Brogan she did it she did it she did
it yeah if they were lazy season still
up he'll go to my bed and you're just
sitting a bark I'll come a little bit up
come on the bed yo they're bent on me
it's great actually you just like
alright well I'm gonna go see you one
take one why does that need these wars
camera one is a
I'm so sleepy I don't know I have so
much energy
welcome to the Internet where apparently
car tourists are thing I this is very
excited because anyone to watch deny
vlog to know I love my car I'm not super
into materialistic things and even care
what the luxury of my car it's just so
smart it's smarter than what literally
every X I've had and it's amazing I
friggin love it so I am blessed and
honored and privileged enough to have a
Tesla Model S and s first thing of a car
tour so when you come out my little key
looks like this you put up it's actually
a mini Tesla this is the key for the car
and it controls the different parts of
the car so if I say jump in just kidding
so watch the trunk I hit the truck I
feel like a magic let's go inside maybe
wondering what is this goddamn trash the
hot set right now we shoot in my car
often try and make it was like night and
my car where it's gonna be okay watch
there's nothing come close the car if I
wait in the car imma go inside the car
dude dude dude this is scarbrow seat so
he has a little bed here so where he
sleeps when I get him an actual seatbelt
thing soon and he's a little bit bigger
but he sleeps here this is my car this
right here is the navigation and things
you do music navigation the lander
Google a browser everything is in here
big spin big iPad
right oh my god it's right here this
right here I need you to get a close-up
of this because this right here's what
the magic is the magic now if you know
anything about me you know I'm very
particular chapters in my book about
things that reduce my stretch chapstick
I literally mentioned the same book I
always have chapstick my car that lotion
because my elbows be crusty I'm gonna be
crusty if some guy roll up on my elbows
you might get some sort of burn so I beg
you I'll ocean the elbows got a pen okay
got some Kleenex in case there's not
like break a boy's heart and then I got
some gum and very important very
important
they have my tea tree therapy mint
toothpicks I have one of these every
time I Drive because they're minty and
they reduce my stress and so I'm always
shown I actually think those are there
in the back don't know who those are
glasses are whole is more glasses
glasses are these okay
glasses for sale we got pictures we got
my mom my dad and me my dad and my
nephew we got some pictures from the
YouTube space just think you know so I
can keep home with me also I don't know
these weren't here so we got the back
say let's go back fun so if you know
anything about me even back in the day I
really like a clean car dirty cars dress
me up clearly I'm not living up to that
there's some trash in my car we got
frames I'm turning my home office into a
music studio and all these framed
artists this has been here for a while I
haven't big all look some of them fell
on the floor we got bass Selena Gomez
most important Leasing calm we got merge
merge merge merge merge merge leasing
calm from a shoot wait sorry no there's
actually a random game I see a random
kind of icing here from Kyle's cake
that's leftover what F is this basically
this is me saying you should rob me you
slob because no more brand new camera in
my trunk Thank You Kenny more cake mix
more icing what does the sprinkles oh
this is very important okay this isn't
anybody accent this tomatoes I'm I think
this right here is a box of Olay
products some wipes without t-shirts
without them whips got all things thank
you only is it a thumb they said I
thought when your cars like all there's
no gum Oh
here this is the tests Labe okay and in
here we have the different adapter to
plug my car in so if you're stranded
somewhere if you got a charger it's like
a few different ways to plug the car in
it's right here
yeah it is what it looks like it's
exactly what it looks like okay you want
to mess with me you want to keep my car
you want to take my spot tie you up fan
this case I mean color born at I'm up in
here please exciting some but I'm
obsessed with myself holy crap yeah you
want merch I'm just some merch pop-up
shop right I've got some boss posters
from the hata be a boss tour actually
the reason I have these is because when
I was on separate Bright Futures I
signed them all for the crew for their
kids so I always try to posters on me in
case I meet someone that wants something
side why because I think I'm more
important than I actually am my rope
back another cool feature oh I can't
open the trunk the trunk gonna hit the
roof it's on a thing don't sweat it
see how this is open right here this
what I'm gonna do now because my car so
smart I lowered it and I just sit now
I'm gonna close it when I open the trunk
it'll only open to that height because
it doesn't has that you're a parking
garage and the Rufus hello not a cool
thing about my cars I can control them
with my phone so when my nephew's came
over I convinced them I was a wizard
because I could control my car I'll show
you how right now hold up muster up my
wizardry here my phone is loading
I mean it cool right alright doctor who
told my visitors for waiting in a tight
spot and you'd like your almond broke up
this card next card so it's like it's a
text fun just reverse it with your phone
scared many people but this creature and
it yeah one of the reasons I love my car
is because it listens to me more than
everybody else and it doesn't talk back
like for example play Selena Gomez back
to you
one of the best things in my car is that
my calendar is embedded so for example
right now we're at a video shoot it says
hold two videos says who my DPS my
gaffers who's doing sound who's 88 so
all of my details are here parking
information what floor my meetings on
notes for my meeting it's all in one
spot leave it no stress so Oh
so obviously the Tesla has a little bit
of an auto drive feature but I'm gonna
show you right now so I am NOT driving
right now I'm not doing anything the
speed limits 45 it's going 45 I'm
talking about kilometer Italy someone
help me at gunpoint was like you need to
park to save your life I would die in so
because I can't fire bought my car I can
parallel park and this is the greatest
feature because in la pila parking is
life so what I'm gonna do is I'm put it
into reverse okay and I'm gonna press
start right here and it is going to
parallel park for me thus alleviating me
from scratching every goddamn car so
really this is not me showing up this is
me being like this is why your car is
still intact if you live in LA because
of this feature it's gonna straighten it
up it's gonna do things going to show us
all the things over here yeah really
important to emphasize really blessed
really like honestly I'm so grateful
that I could afford this car but it's
the smartness I don't cover the luxury
at all how smart it is I love my car I
love it so much it is the bank I hope
you enjoyed this very cool I love and we
try to put my friends books because
we're oh so nice to meet you supports me
11:30 shooting both videos and now we
gotta fish some interview questions
before my next meeting we are killing
the game okay explain to you what these
muddy buddies this is checks mixes
sunshine mixed with peanut butter or if
you chocolate and then covered in
powdered sugar just finished my
production meeting which basically
always sounds like this any time talking
about shoot I'm like okay I'm gonna tell
you how I'm envisioning this ideally and
then y'all can tell me all the reasons
it can't happen because I always like
shoot for the stars like what if it's
like this and then they're like that's
expensive that's a lot
the effects that's lotus-like okay so
I'm gonna tell you what I want I'm
really excited about the shoot it's
gonna be amazing it is
8:51 p.m. in a head home eat and then I
gotta do some spice news but my goal is
to sleep by midnight
ish I also want to watch the handmade
still so come on yo
it's 1104 I'm really tired my lack of
sleep is really catching up to me
so I'm gonna go to bed right now and
hopefully wake up very early since I'm
going to bed really early and tomorrow
we got a day full of meetings and I load
all the things so for today until
tomorrow I'm thinking of you because you
are so pretty and I love your face and
if your face was here I would say
you
