this is so Bob lives here and my voice
just I hit puberty what's going on
everyone I literally just end my vlog
and now I'm starting my blog but this
time I seem awake and I'm wearing makeup
because I'm good at pretending there's a
mission for today
you can shoot one video of a special
surprise for the team which they might
know but you're gonna pretend like you
don't dare go through my inbox and ahead
to some casting for my short horror I'm
directing later and a bunch of other
stuff let's do it here we're doing the
shooting things all the shooting things
are happening also minor detail remember
the fire at my house yesterday things I
never thought I'd say gas leak now
because of it in my bedroom just my
bedroom nowhere else just in my bedroom
there seems to be some sort of leaks to
add to the chaos all the things also the
surprise it was great and now all of
this stuff is here and leftover but look
how pretty the video series types of
best friends in rom-coms romantic
comedies because I feel like those
movies set such unrealistic expectations
not just for the couple but for the best
friend that's always I ain't got no damn
friends like that so I'm gonna highlight
that and more sometimes when I'm
shooting these videos I take real shots
you know just like whatever cuz my house
is bigger what buddy stirred though what
I was shooting Bright Futures because
when her set they don't let you drink
real alcohol I didn't know that so we
were shooting one day and it was a bar
scene and they gave me what I thought
was beer it was a no beer bottle he
tasted like beer I was like this is
we're doing the scene I don't drink beer
so drinking and I was like - Jimmy so
bear sing with much of me I think this
was getting me drunk like I feel drunk
and he's like that's not real beer right
I completely was acting drunk both
man I was so damn engrossed with
personal Rubert it's just some like fake
crap that you do that's busy that's my
story they'll never know and you'll
never see it hey guys today tom so today
I did the unicorn island headquarters
and I'm super excited I am a 16 year old
food blogger and youtuber I create
recipes and I'm a huge fan of the leaf
so I'm super excited to be here today
and today for Lily's shoot I meet her
huge spread had a lily fiend we have
Brogan's peanut butter brownies yeah
people become using over sells popcorn
my cheats buddy buddy these spiced
mousse hummus I love spiced mousse
Chipotle style quacks I don't really
love to you all logical things I know
with tacos on here but masako's lemon
garlic hummus because he's probably
smelled it from the corn right over here
because you know how long have you known
about Lily I'm not a hundred percent
sure but I do know it's before she went
to LA about two three years you've met
her once
yes I met Lily once at a book signing in
New Jersey where I lived it was like for
two seconds but I like flipped out it
was crazy and she posted a baby's
exactly and she posted it on her vlog I
flipped out you you were the one who
made those cookies yeah yeah she
remembers yes I'm so excited I'm
especially that I've met twice before
it's a surprise for two but you guys
already know no but I think you're
really cool
I know right
he's a little mr. scarbrow Wow okay I
just let's go we're done in came to
thank you for coming thank you we bring
a feminist pin a boss yes did we forgot
we found like oh no we may need that to
start a new Moustakas out here but we
have mercy love so miss we made masako's
lemon garlic Oh miss love spices ooh so
we have spice news hummus and I'd like
to pull a it's a little spicy
I know you guys look to police-style
guac so that's pita chips I haven't died
yet perfect as they give them over here
so this is everything started tearing
these are all vegan sighs you mean again
this is my cheats bunny bunnies what's a
mighty buddy okay so it's like the most
amazing thing ever it's cereal with
peanut butter and chocolate inside and
then it's coated in powdered sugar and
then in the thieve also proteins peanut
butter brownie felt this I was like oh
my god it's perfect match everything I
am blown away
thank you so much is so amazing so you
have a youtube channel too right yes so
I'm gonna be happy to doesn't that time
following this private with all of his
and right now what is it 22 tells
youtube.com slash f8 Humber death you
might smell just in case Oh chef so it's
okay /c h EF e ITA and ber n-ath yes and
i'll put in description well i mean look
at this team super extraordinary you
have
and your Twitter in 3 min oh yeah okay
oh so Chevy I'll put everything download
tweet tag love the support this is
amazing of course oh my goodness
mom yes wonderful
yeah no you know me better than anyone
else
yeah we'll come back throughout your
life I saw enough birthday cake was like
so professional thank you well you're
getting open with' I was baking a cake
spiced news hummus first two should be a
little spicy not too spicy
this is so fun this is oh bomb I got
with chickpeas I've never had moments
that tasted this texture okay you can't
take them home
thank you staying I think you dinner
every day what's up I don't know where
you are in the world right now it's not
better than this your parents right now
this is better look you lost you to be
out here I'm gonna give you up yes very
Food Network type overview good the
texture really smooth and consistent the
block is like a melody of flavors on my
palate is bumpy something actually I
looked up tonight it is I've never liked
Bill dries crispies love you Barry dicta
but I make them I make like this huge
batch and then they lastly mother I have
a bone to pick with you okay this is my
new friend I'm 16 and he's a chef and he
made me a whole bunch of food he's a fan
can you explain how much he makes non
homemade and he did explain to my mom
how you make the naan okay you can just
think you should definitely try it okay
so explain the fastest to me again so
you put in the other with into the wings
i mimic the tandoor oven I put it on the
table ah with like water on the bottom
so it sticks and then if you flip it
over the fire it doesn't fall cuz the
was like flour soul
oh no no we made this I made the dough
it's it's flour salty nice arresting
someone looks like oh so I've tried both
ways but I found I can make it on a
table ah with some water to make it
stick off and then you flip it upside
down and it like it's the nice kind of
like tandoor of any type see all right
where's my nan
old maid none Wow all right anyways this
is my new friend he's amazing sure you
can follow my Instagram I'll give you
this thing but this is the picture of it
yeah with garlic naan so it's garlic and
coriander
oh my god this goes with my office
perfectly I died I feel like yeah this
goes coordination all right so I'm
obsessed and there he is something that
no one watching this has literally none
of you have this and then I give you my
merch so this is not like merch that we
weren't this literally mine because we
don't have this more just this is a
small in monitor one to take that get a
black hustle harder there you go it's
your fake it video smells like perfume
it's mine okay I know we can match
something give you this one too Oh take
it take all of my things amongst all the
birds none of y'all have this exclusive
but if you want to lose I'm not coming
yeah you know what the link below
oh I've gotta get that burst access can
you leave this very lovely here all I
think is that everything can kind of
like it is fine room tap on
justice refrigerating these these are so
good frozen definitely freezing what
after whatever you guys are diving or so
if you think they're good regular try
them frozen I feel so bad for guesses we
have to hear about them for so long a
few in this situation today is getting
solved let me show you why a while ago I
ordered a custom-made console and it
finally arrived but now we're trying to
get it open any luck
Wow amazing I mean how would it have you
says was running 240 pounds of south
south south south so those last panel is
proving to be the problem
come on daddy dick daddy come on dick
daddy showed him with them face masks to
show them what that glass of wine can do
Big Daddy show them thick daddy pick
that daddy daddy come on yes wedge that
in wheels are stripping wedge it and
daddy
yes mommy come through show them what's
good okay yeah Wow yeah give it to an
art chip await that would go come on why
I need to understand how they're trying
to understand that the makeup of this
yet
oh no what do I when I just got back
from my casting first of all give me the
port and it was started being on the
other side of the table because I was
like heart is too soft every person I
walked in on but you're a rock star
doing great cuz I know what it feels
like to be on the other side but I'm
really really well and I have a crap
literal diarrhea load of work to do
three scripts for tomorrow's shoot cuz I
got a bank before I go to South Africa
and one shot list for the thing I'm
directing and a week so 1 a.m. this is
all the time I want to sleep but if I
could happen yet one two three scripts
locked in for tomorrow give me the but
at some point I was only half done one
of them one idea is an idea I've had
from a while ago and one of them is
gonna be parents react just like half
script and half improv there's always a
certain amount of improv that happens so
now I have to finish my shot list and
you know what I should do a face mask
okay is 240 a.m. on July 10 and I just
finished my first ever shot list
obviously I don't make them from my own
videos whoo-ahh
okay I'm a shower go to see if I have to
wake up in a few hours I have a meeting
really early and Burbank I thought I
wake up at 8:00 so I'm gonna get some
goddamn sleep let's see how we did a
shout out 7 the wash my video today was
a collaboration with Conor if you
haven't checked it out yet it is if my
dog were personally because in the
description stop slack here we don't
slack here we only hustle so get to it
you
