this weekend I am doing something that
will 110 percent she scratch that 200
percent be the death of me I'm already
telling you that I'm going to regret it
water productivity lives you here is the
mission for this weekend's you work on a
deck for unicorn island productions go
to Kyle's birthday dinner place the
monopoly deals go through my inbox and
here's the guy make a cake so here's the
situation right Kyle's birthday is
coming up he's actually out of town for
his birthday but he's here on Monday so
this weekend I am going to make him a
lily sing cake and now if you know me if
you old you know back in the day I used
to make kid these cakes are super hard
to make they take like 18 hours to do
especially when you're by yourself I
don't have any of my cake stuff it's all
in Toronto's have to rebuy all of my
equipment all my things but Kyle is
worth it a few weeks ago I like got it
out of him like what's the number-one
thing you look like is it Harry Potter
it is Harry Potter which is interesting
is when the first cakes I ever made on
YouTube the only one was Harry Potter
cake so I'm gonna try to make something
different it might have some of the same
elements but I'm gonna try to make an
updated version of a Harry Potter cake
for Kyle because he's my boy and I'm
telling you right now I'm gonna lose my
mind let's do it okay so the first thing
I do is definitely don't wear a bra cuz
I'm already stressed also I'm over Bros
I google Harry Potter themed cakes
because what I do is I don't usually
copy another cake exactly I take
elements of cakes that I know I can make
cuz I'm not that advanced like some of
these cakes are like calm em down but I
basically like write them down save the
pictures and I try to sketch what I
think it's gonna look like I usually
also combine cake with cupcakes because
I personally really like making cupcakes
so I should be clicking ensemble and
whenever you make a cake like this the
cake is one thing but so just around the
cake width it's about making an entire
like visual spread if you will so that's
all we got here I really like the
stripes that HP is very hard to make it
also depends on if I can find proper
gold edible paint the second picture
there this one
that's pretty so much of the cake I've
made before so I don't think I can do
the open book concept again keep on
cruising what's that thing - snitch the
stitch whatever we're gonna do that
oh I like the hoop maybe I can make
cupcakes that have the hoops coming out
of them right that
like a pile of poo I'm not gonna do that
there's some good stuff Oh cute cupcakes
some good stuff too Oh unicorn Harry
Potter if it was my birthday I'd like to
share about it that's some good stuff to
work off of I'm going to pick and choose
and get to sketching all right I think I
figured it out this is my creation you
see this this is why I'm gonna make a
cake and I'm not an artist but what we
got here is where you create a
two-tiered cake one of these tiers I'm
gonna make fake because that's too much
cake probably the top ones that I can
get a hat like the Hat Kyle Lohse wears
the black one and put it on top of Harry
Potter instead of the wizard hair gonna
have to tie the Gryffindor tie a gray
vest we have a little snit cheer snitch
what does it called snickerdoodle thing
right there have a glass of wine and the
cupcakes are gonna have those little
hula-hoop things that you got to put the
snitch through this is gonna be a spread
and I might get some pop those little
icon things those plastic toy things put
around as well but this right here this
is the cake also you know what I'm gonna
go the extra mile here I'm gonna make
the inside of the cake layered red
yellow red yellow for Gryffindor I'm
gonna go crazy
okay I just compiled my list of things I
need to buy since all my supplies are in
Toronto this is how long it is not my
list the store closes in less than an
hour hours I don't know if that's enough
time but I had to drop 30 minutes to get
here so we gonna make it count
I found I mean maybe I should change my
whole design and just get this for Kyle
you'd like it
something a lot of people don't realize
about these cakes very expensive to make
Kyle I'll help you watching this like
this
get me another brand deal huh that's a
total yes fun so fun look how fun that
is except that one why not this one are
you giving me this one knowing and then
yeah put that one in there also it's not
even done yet we're not even done yet
hold on to be fair it's also because I
have none of my supplies here from
Toronto so I gotta be by all my pans all
the equipment all the stuff so this
lookout fun oh my god whoa all right
these are all the things the only thing
I'm missing is icing and I actually
don't have a cake blender so I need to
buy one of those but this is a vibe this
is gonna be a two-day process which most
of my cakes are damaged was just the
bacon cooling and baking because when
you start decorating a cake is not cool
properly detrimental either that's the
hard way but I've made my own birthday
cake years ago it fell apart that's mega
toys so today day one baking add sixty
more dollars to that but again to be
fair like that's because I got to buy
ish like this cuz I don't have it all
right so the time has been night and I'm
just now starting the cake baking
process because Kyle had a birthday
dinner I had to leave little bit early
but baby if you're watching this know
I'm leaving early just start baking this
cake because I need to bake like seven
or eight so let's do it
now I'm not an expert but I do know some
tricks so one of the hardest things what
making cases like how do you make the
case how do you make the cake not stick
to this obviously you use things like
Crisco which I'm going to you and I go
the extra mile I actually put a wax
paper on this part and then Crisco the
wax paper I'm gonna show you why my mini
cupcakes are gonna represent all the
houses Harry Potter which means we got a
color some icing
now this right here is by far the most
stressful part of baking is isn't this
gonna get her the mother and then hue I
wanted to so if I you know greased it up
enough the sides should come off let's
see kind of guilt game the transfer on
to my cake board here but first we want
to figure out why did the wax paper
stand by I'm gonna take off the tray if
you come off because it was never
touching the cake to begin with and now
we have wax paper and a farmer G this
will just peel off come on now we got to
repeat this process about four times oh
it's 3:00 a.m. I've been a lot of prep
for tomorrow I got two more things I
wish I could bake those but I just can't
stay up for another three hours right
now and do that all my icings right here
got the cake cooling I got my yellow one
in the fridge I mean in the oven okay
I'm tired I dyed this fondant gray ready
to go for tomorrow and no weed been I'm
a little stressed that I definitely have
way too much to do tomorrow discover to
the bat hey Maria coming over because
they're leaving the next day so I want
spend time with them I'm trying to excel
Plus finish this Plus finish some live
work and emails like that so we go see
good morning
let's get to work also yesterday at
Kyle's birthday dinner I had like four
small glasses of water so I believe I
need to water points right now I must
know you had a level of cake alright so
you have this cake it is definitely not
leveled as you can see it is not leveled
the top is all puffy don't want that
because that's not fun to put fondant on
so we use a cake leveler so this is
basically a string wire type thing
definitely on a string more so a wire
and a little like notches I basically am
checking the lowest part of the cake
which is definitely this side to make
sure that this is the max hi
I can go to level it and I am personally
at four so I got mature for not just
four on this side and then you just
slowly and patiently go through the cake
that's nice right I should be able to
take this top off and we have a level
cake stand by I mean select is what you
want this seems a little thick for one
layer of the cake cuz I'm think I'm
doing red yellow red yellow but we'll
see and that's something I'll determine
at the end when I have all the cakes I
know what you're thinking what happens
to the rest of the cake doesn't thing
what making cakes it is quite wasteful
so I usually put to the side and then I
just eat it
throughout the cake making process you
got to get some nut handle somehow
taking an icing is like doing things in
circles
what makes that easier oh now it's a
thing for everything I'm telling you so
here's our two tiers it's gonna be four
so it's gonna be eight inches high
it's got it because Harry Potter's
body's got the trigger those head
alright I got a quick break to take
Scarborough to the vet to double-check
his paws okay also key of making cake to
not go crazy because every time I made a
cake I pretty much always cried clean up
as you go put away all these don't need
cheap cleaning the counters like every
time I'm second i'ma do me business but
there's a way let's wash these dishes
like he the good news Scarborough is
completely fine they really looked at
his paws like yeah looks great and then
they're like that'll be $60 like bags
that's in LA gotta love them we're
baking I'm baking the cake we're
cleaning upstairs on the roof because
chamber you're gonna come over we're
gonna chill for a bit I'm post-meeting
foods while I do this like grocery so I
can barbecue for them today I write two
scripts before I sleep because I have a
really early shoot tomorrow
oh look why are you doing this why did
you decide to do this and I'm like try
and figure it out you know it is I just
like to challenge myself this is a
challenge I don't know exactly how it's
gonna turn out I know it'd be very
difficult but this is how I fine-tune
that part of my brain that has
perseverance it's like you can do it and
you will figure it out moments like this
I put myself in uncomfortable situations
oh I can get used to it we're gonna do
it I asked I post my cypher five
corn-on-the-cob so she brought it and
then she gave me 25 more I don't
understand why this is nice nice babes
names names vibes rhymes rhymes said
look how cute are the vibe literally
your girl can't catch a break barbecuing
and I guess there's a leak in my
barbecue so the whole barbecue set on
fire and literally the gas line was on
fire were freaking out so we sprayed it
with the hose and the gas valve won't
turn off the one time I put my fire
extinguisher on the Taylor borrow it
to call the fire department so the fire
departments on the way but this is the
current situation
I'm sorry beyond burgers so underneath
it's on fire you can't see you but it's
on fire yeah there it is the whole thing
was on fire it was a scene this whole
water scenario we know you're not
supposed to make yes we know we don't
know we're guessing no no you know I
suppose we close the barbecue to all
that puts a little of that black gas by
that black thing was on fire so we had
to panic and do this and that what a bit
I mean saved our life yes I mean the
food is ruined I should be postmates
somewhere beyond burgers I mean I Frank
someone saved all the bits so what
happened how did they fix it first of
all I say that tailor made me get a fire
extinguisher and I laugh at him I was
like I've never used one
he had a barbecue he made me take it to
his house and I was like you can keep it
brought it that was two years ago
literally what we stopped we put the
hose on it they came in they fixed the
gas valve to turn it off is on fire so
like there's nothing we could've done
there must be a leak in the barbecue
because I know my be on burgers did not
does it feel murder on the floor course
what I heard it was an HP but on the
bright side so what's the water us using
the water a smart decision or we weren't
sure if we should use the water so how
did you guys put it up
in the fire thank you so much this coin
right here is up people it's a big mood
right now we're gonna I'm still eating a
burger y'all need to know so the one
thing we don't have footage of because
our priorities were on the right spot is
the actual fire but Jason you attest to
the fact that it was a see look like a
little you know like a grease drop yeah
that's why I was like yo a burger
probably just fell in is fine I saw it
like rising over I was like all right
I'm gonna close the barbecue but then I
kind of looked at each other like this
ain't no grease looking like the moment
before an explosion yeah literally and
the pipe was on fire the sides onto the
counter we're on fire like the whole
thing was on fire the good news is
there's a lot of food on the ground now
and scarborough's like live in his
bestest car bro okay now let the fire is
out in my house it's time to bake again
here's a fight this is every vloggers
dream to make the tale the time my house
is on fire but no it's still about the
cake
okay so cake is assemble it's very tall
but it's gotta be tall as you can see
here now I gotta cover the whole thing
in icing before I put the fondant on so
we got red yellow red yellow let's do it
so you got it covered with ice if we
want to break it really really smooth
which is hard to do with a knife so we
use one of these dealies and press it
well we spin all right now this is
pretty good obviously there's still some
dents in it but you won't be able to see
that with the fondant ideas that there's
no major bumps and it's pretty effing
smooth I am impressed with that
putting fun on a cake is my throwing
most stressful things you can do in life
straight-up because your nails any
little bumps on the counter anything can
ruin it so tedious in particular so
pretty good probably the best cake I've
ever covered thing about cake making you
something will always go wrong but
everything is fixable for example we got
a little tear here because of the weight
no problem I can make that the back and
make that the cloak over little
overlapping here cuz the fondant fixable
we're gonna cover all of this with decor
we're looking pretty good the top -
which is the face is gonna be fake
that's already a lot of cake we don't
need more cakes there's really common
thing when you have really good big
cakes to do fake tears so these
styrofoam panels I'm gonna stack up the
thing is that's not ice them in front of
them the same way so it looks like it
alright done now the back was a little
tricky but it's okay
we don't turn into here this right here
is a dowel I'm gonna pop it in here to
support the weight of that or else it'll
fall apart we've officially hit chaos
mode the Cape was super hard to do but I
cleaned it up and effed up a bunch of
times I put a collar to fix it like I
said everything is fixable like this
unevenness I'm gonna put a wand there
this little thing here I put that Little
Snitch thing everything is fixable
okay lot on the back is not great but
this is the vibe hat for Kyle because he
always wears this hat so I made it kind
of Kyle ish the details I don't know if
you can see hold on hold on hold on
got a little scar there got a little
scar there hey Siri what time is it
it's 2:13 a.m. 2:13 I am wonderful
alright let's get these cupcakes in TTIP
check this out and take one literally
I'm gonna do nothing I'm just gonna
squeeze okay Oh fancy June
now you can't have Quidditch about
keeping score or though what else
wait what else is hard oh okay I present
to you behind Lily Kyle's birthday
Quidditch match I mean it looks exactly
the same
hey it's 333 cake stuff is done I'm
gonna go over these two scripts I need
you for tomorrow and then my goal is to
sleep by like five ish get a solid five
four and a half hours just for today
let's get a little bit of sleep one day
I'm gonna kill me he's falling off
sliding off so I'm just support give me
a little neck support
how does about to lock in right now then
we can get rid of this godforsaken K
every time I take my seasons backwards
I am never doing this again he'll do it
again
No
like this is it gripping his neck yeah
that's how Jason would give you a
question like oh did you not realize
you've had at the back your neck you
have to the way do you have a real
casting today that as well that's
another issue though that's a separate
issue though my house did actually run
by those separation
oh my god mom yeah best best day that
the whole time when I was making it I
was thinking Kyle would never give this
to me I don't know how to real sweet you
will sweet we got us yeah we did hey no
we have
you
