I'm gonna give you some really real
dating deal-breakers through my turn on
and my turn off our productivity lives
here is a beautiful day here in Los
Angeles it was 37 degrees going up to 40
in South Seas I know what that is in
Fahrenheit but it's like way harder than
I've ever experienced in like most
predators of the world very very haunted
I've developed a new problem in my body
because my body decides to fall apart in
a different way every day I think maybe
it's because it's just the hard dad
yesterday or whatever but I think I now
grind my teeth while I sleep cuz I woke
this morning and I was like my jaws like
locking and it really hurts fun they're
gonna figure that out before today here
is the missions you go do some casting
ferment your films have a meeting have a
call have a great store and then I got a
write in recording spice and use all
that more let's do it and then there's
this guy Indian this dish guy oh yes
mommy did you Japan lotion on your hands
mommy I love it mommy I love it just
finished going to some casting stuff so
so interesting because I'm directing the
short I get to like have a say in the
casting and go to the casting session
it's like so interesting my life is a
combination of being on like both sides
of the coin because like I auditioned
for things and Here I am like watching
people audition and watching their
wheels and be like oh yeah no and I'm
just like oh my god
I'm the person that says no to me what
the f but I did that and I'm really
excited I'm shooting this thing the end
of next week I'm really really excited
I'll tell you more about it in a little
bit but we are headed to the office also
it is technically still holiday
Americans say like if there's a fourth
of July wheat day they take like two
weeks off just celebrate fourth of July
so me and Pauly are gonna be in the
office working on some stuff but I'm
happy that the rest of the team gets to
have a little bit of vacation because
they work very hard and so I told them
Monday when you come back best be
rejuvenated but today me and Pauly I'm
gonna kill it
Scarborough has a friend at the office
today Cleo
oh my goodness Wow look at this
friendship in the making that's a good
sniff good sniff hi sweetheart
Scarborough king of side-eye over here I
just had a really great meeting call
meeting my third meeting our second
meeting was really great again I know I
keep saying about unicorn Island
productions ideas some of the ideas we
have our just flame it is so hot today
oh my goodness I
I'm going to stay in the office for a
little bit mostly because of this oh I
gotta do some emails a just a script and
then I'm gonna head home in just a
little bit so I can work on some spice
news but I also want to kind of enjoy
also Chase is coming today today wasn't
yesterday was today good today right
just updated my script for my horror
thing I'm so excited about it but if you
ever wonder know how much of a nerd I am
right like here this sentence will clear
it up because if you think I'm cool
you're wrong I'm actually a huge nerd
nerd it's gonna be cool I guess I have
this planner this day planner what I
like to live by I love this planner I
write down all my like video scheduling
and all the stuff so anyone that knows
me well knows that I like putting things
my phone where I like to physically
write things down as well I love his
planner so much but after his month it
was done I got the next year ordered of
the exact same planner and are you ready
for why am i happy because it matches my
office well let me try to change a
picture of how hot it is stay in LA this
plan is run on the roof for two days it
died because it's so hot the top floor
of my house well no hard asshole it is
86 degrees I mean even I might have to
turn on the a/c took a little bit of a
nap now we gotta go pick up uncle chase
don't we you've been napping too lazy
bum it is too hot to take him out today
like it's everywhere there's like a heat
advisory did like keep your dogs inside
and hydrate it's way too hot so no walk
for you today bum bum but we gotta go a
car right okay that's I die though ma na
look who's here today and not yesterday
yes today also like we're sick and
disgusting but I kind of love it you
know ever since I made that shipping
video of like me being on a ship with
people everyone's been discussing my
relationships like what was what could
be what will be all the things so I'm
aside for today's vlog segment I'm gonna
give you some really real dating
deal-breakers through my turn on and my
turn off I don't think I've said all of
these things before maybe I said some of
them this may be like real real real
it's not a turn on
giggity-giggity in no particular order
I'm really attracted to people that are
funny it's pretty hard to make me laugh
and so if someone can make me laugh
especially to like weightiness and like
good comebacks especially if it's like i
insult them and they insult me back it's
really good and witty and I'm like oh I
like that like I might
active - that smart type of humor I like
funny people anyone that could make me
laugh you have a special place in my
heart
aka team super y'all have as much place
in my heart I think you're the funniest
people I know second this is like normal
superficial thing but whatever we're all
allowed I am really attracted to facial
hair I've noticed that a lot of my exes
a lot of people I seem to be like oh
well the person's not a cute they
usually have like that five o'clock
shadow facial their situation I'm really
into that next and I'm gonna glances
this might just be number one I noticed
had no particular order but I lied this
has been number one I discovered this
because when people don't have this
really annoys me I need to be with
someone who is ambitious because I wake
up and I'm like you're all on this this
and this today I want to business in
this with my life I don't like to not do
things you know this if you watch the
phones I like to be productive I like to
do things and so I can't stand when
people don't have ambitions and when
they're just like lazy and accepting or
whatever it is like no have dreams and
goals and work towards them I find that
very attractive really love when people
are outgoing I don't necessarily mean
like super extroverted you can be
introverted I know a lot of introverts
that are still like really good at being
social if we're in a party setting I
don't wanna have to feel like okay are
you okay like Josh I want you to be able
to like mingle
do your thing be outgoing and like hold
your own another big turn-on
is what I'm dating someone and they
treat my friends and family very nice
don't you know that when you leave me my
girls doesn't talk about you like okay
what would you like how did you treat
them how did you dress where you look at
cetera except so if you know that you go
the extra mile to treat them well not
only because of that but because you
know as you make me happy like I love
that to my parents right to my friends
and family right like hey Mike leave the
last turn on I mean there's many more
but these are the most important I
really am attracted to secure people not
having the need to like showboat put
others down to yourself look better than
just being secure with like this who I
am this is what I got to offer and
that's what's up I don't need to like
fabricate anything else especially
because I'm very outspoken and I have a
very loud career and my money
assets are always being discussed and
then you was like I need someone who's
gonna be secure that doesn't less shy
away from the idea of a woman making
money possibly more than him depending
on who it is but like I want someone
who's just secure to be like no it's all
good this alert is now for my turn off a
mother and a scroll let's be real but
this nation of you got a lot of the
merchants the opposite of the turn-ons
but like laziness and laziness / being
comfortable and what I mean by this is
like I'm really turned off by people
wonder like ya know you know what I just
want to like settle down do this thing
and then like I'm cool doing the same
thing every day and I don't really need
more and for me personally I don't like
that I want something that's like
wanting to try new things doesn't give
up on their dreams and wants to do more
with life like don't just do this one
thing you're good at but like what can I
do this one thing I'm good at like make
it bigger think large I I don't like
people that are just like lazy or say
they're gonna do things that never
actually do the sleep on their dreams
like I think not yeah there's a
difference between pretending to be busy
and actually being busy turn off is when
you pretend to be busy turn on is when
you actually busy cuz then we can get
busy definitely this next one that's a
turn-off I've dealt with the most in my
life that's become superwoman and that
is I'm not attractive to yes men and
these are people that will just agree
with what I say because I'm superwoman
like I'm not into that I actually like
when someone challenges me like oh yeah
I can't respect what you're saying I
actually disagree have you thought about
it this way or like well I don't know
what about if you look at this with like
I hate when I just say anything but I
yeah no I totally agree yeah I'm totally
wrong yeah you know I think that's
really cool and that's really good you
know like don't think it is like I don't
want people just agree with me cuz I
will never grow that way I deal with the
most amount of these people physically
Superman professionally and personally
people just want to please me no I don't
want that okay this next one as well and
I feel like a lot of people can relate
to this next one I don't like what
people be pretending they're dumb /
playing games there's a difference
between being smart and thinking that
you're really smart and fooling people
smart people know that like yo I could
just be honest and have an adult
conversation when you're like trying to
play dumb and like you're that type of
smart really oh I'm so smart no one can
catch on to the games I'm playing when
everyone can I
like that I've had lots of relationships
not Lots maybe like Oh the person trying
to convince me like oh I didn't know
this thing I did was wrong well I really
didn't know and I'm like no you're
pretending to not know you're just being
dumb and you're playing you're not
stupid like I can see right through this
stop trying to do that and the last turn
off this is a big one because you know
she's a feminist I don't like guys who
are about the patriarchy and
unfortunately in my personal experience
this is usually a lot of brown guys and
nothing all around guys a lot of brown
guys are raised to believe in the
patriarchy of like women cannot lead and
a woman should not make more money and
like no I need to be the more outspoken
one and I kind of control that and don't
miss me miss me
I'm the matrix and the patriarchy are
the bullets miss me with that nonsense
the whole like no we definitely have to
move in with my parents
these are the expectations' of you
because you're women no no no no no no
no don't be that like a penguin cuz
that's not gonna fly I know that for a
while cuz I'm like do penguins fly I'm
not actually sure that made sense but
you get what I'm saying those are my
turn-offs and my turn-ons having said
that if you know someone that fits these
qualifications my number is four one six
okay on another more serious note and I
don't want to talk about this too much
I'm gonna try not to make this a rant
but I do feel the need to say something
you know that in my last two vlogs I
discussed my friend their two friends
and my 101 of them was his girlfriend
that past tragedy at the waterfall in
Vancouver and I haven't seen it a lot on
Twitter obviously it's trending and
everyone's talking about it you know
upsetting it is to read these smart
effing people that write comments and
responses to tragedies thinking they're
really smart and funny repeat them but
they're just a lot of really insensitive
responses to those deaths and I'm sure
it's because the people don't actually
know those people personally and I think
it's the internet it's all funny but it
just made me so sad because I'm like has
the internet really taken humanity out
of people to such an extent word for the
sake of a joke or two sounds like a
smart aleck you would make a comment
about someone's death because the
internet really turned us into those
people answer is yes and I don't think
those people think that oh people that
are affected by this might read these
stupid things and the POI
this is just tell of you that the things
you put on the Internet assume people
will see them it's the internet things
get share if you're tweeting something
or making a post assume that everyone is
going to see it and it could impact
people just put out positivity like it's
not that hard if you have a negative
rude comment say it to yourself and
don't put it on the internet because
people can see that and it affects and
hurts people I just I always feel like
the Internet such a double-edged sword
because it's given me a job I definitely
think it helps people band together and
raise awareness and gives you a voice
but it's just so bittersweet because
it's also turned people into monsters
it's turn people into monsters that
don't have like human hearts and I don't
understand
if you post things understand people are
going to see them Jesus
chase say you naked put some clothes on
they can't see your peace sign all the
way down here try to attack me a few
times
good boy good boy you know why cuz I'll
go chase got him all riled up it's very
common I'll go chase was like you can
bite me it's fine Anna take it take it
now he's all riled up look look at look
at this little this look at this growly
house it's like excuse you had to give
him a time so anything give him a time
well how did you do that I just like I
gave him a treat I just kept on picking
him up so you couldn't do anything come
to the point you're not getting better
at drinking water you're only worse at
showing you that I'm drinking water
let's see how we do today until tomorrow
this week I got something very special
planned so you should definitely stay
tuned
you
