welcome to really honest graduation
advice welcome back to losing loss we
hustle harder productivity lives here
the mission for today is simple a lot of
goddamn things I got asked out location
one Scott location two did them both
give me the coins and bust into a lunch
then I got a meeting that I'm gonna put
in at the Apple Store I'm trying to
watch the ready charity they chase also
rhymes from my house all that and more
let's do it here I want to be honest I
am NOT practicing what I preach I have
been in such a negative space the past
48 hours you've got a great time at the
barbecue all that stuff I'm letting a
lot of things get to me my phone not
working is continuously a problem going
to the Apple Store today to fix that
just small things like my car battery is
dying I should have charged I'm not
doing a lot of things my tomorrow self
will thank me for like I'm doing some
but I feel like if I'm being real with
you no matter how many things I do to
prep for tomorrow tomorrow arrives in my
fridge 900 things are still not done and
I'm one person and I'm like having a
really hard time dealing with all the
things everything from like my socks not
being the right socks cuz my other socks
are still in the dryer that I haven't
put away to my car not being charged
it's a very simple thing why didn't they
charge my car cuz I'm stopping and then
I'm inviting this negative energy and
because I keep like getting flustered I
just made a three-point turn
and some tide just yelled at me why I
made a completely legal 3-point turn to
park and he literally said to me because
I'm driving a test like why don't just
press the button to park and I'm like
I'm making a 3-point turn to go that way
it was the strangest crap decision take
a deep breath and go into this lunch
would be positive because I'm inviting
this energy myself you know it lifts
Scarborough at home cuz those he was
being a lot it's too hot for him outside
he's at home I gated up the place he's
fine everything's fine alright let's
take back the control are you with me
team super sometimes you have those days
we're gonna take back the control right
here and it's ours and I'm choosing
positivity let's go I just read some
very bad news online that is making me
sick to my stomach
I wanna like front like I was super
close to these people about three of my
friends that are part of this YouTube
channel called high on life I went to
Thailand with them and there were like
three of the most extraordinary people
I've ever met and found dead today and I
only found out because someone tagged me
in a story and I'm like I feel literally
sick to my stomach
we're so young and so literally full of
life and I like don't know how to
comprehend this right now two of them
were actually in my video if you
remember I have a video why people
dancing to Indian music Indian songs of
Daler mehndi song one of those guys is
the guy Riker and Alexa and his
girlfriend Mindy I guess there were
there were adventure bloggers and they
were doing something and they fell and
they all died there were literally three
of them most like full of life you have
ever met always travelling always trying
new things
like she actually taught me how to edit
one day in Thailand he sat down and he
was like I'll remember was the trip that
Kabir was born my nephew was born and I
was in Thailand with all of them and
there were the nice people the last time
I saw them was at my Vancouver show when
I performed ATT UI and I haven't seen
them since then but I think this is not
about me this is not about me this is
not about me being sad it's not about
being shot it's about the fact that I
was literally complaining about a
three-pointer earlier there's a bigger
problem normal so I'm going to stop
doing this I'm gonna go to my meeting
and I want to stop don't stop just
finish my meeting and held it together
pretty well I was just going through
some pictures from that Thailand trip I
think it's important for me to show you
guys a clip of that video that I did
with Riker so you can just see how like
energetic and goofy and full of life he
is it's from a long time ago over my
trip to Thailand I also have this series
of pictures that I took in Thailand like
a photoshoot I did
Aleksey took those we called him Russia
check out this video of them yeah just
life is short guys
like a short the main message they
always sent to their fans is like live
every day be high on life you could if
you if you can do something you should
do it like life is more than just all
these things we think are important when
they travelled the world and they live
without every single day and so if you
learn anything from me telling you what
they believed in it is that light for
sure and you should live life to the
fullest because you truly truly as
cliche as it sounds do not know where
the day is gonna take you so I mean the
rest of Houston and not the girl
weirdest thing happened I put the gates
up even though he can go up and down the
stairs I put the gates up because I
don't want to have such a big house to
run around it I come home and he's on
the stairs with the gate is still up so
I have no idea how he got on the stairs
you didn't knock the gate down he went
through I'm here to show you when I get
home what I'm talking about like he's a
wizard let her scent
literally not leaving the store until
everything I own works perfectly
okay transfer to my new phone I think I
figured out all of the things and I
think all of the things under one email
address now that took like two hours but
it's worth it my future self will thank
me for this tomorrow
I say this every day and then tomorrow
comes and I'm like but we're gonna do it
you are such a good boy except for all
the children you barked out in the Apple
Store because you want to play with them
/ eat them
good job waiting good job good job okay
job now you should go home and figure
out how you got through that I do that
game you're wishing me mommy needed some
comfort food today so let me explain to
you what happened I left Scott for home
for my lunch meeting okay sounds like a
an hour I put this gate up you can go up
and down the stairs but I put it up
completely so meaning this was like this
this is pretty high like Scarborough
cannot jump this I can't even jump onto
the sofa this guy right here okay so I
put one there and I put one here as you
can see it's hot okay just so he doesn't
have so many floors to run around on
potential to like pee everywhere and
like get her I was searching to this
floor I come home and you'll see also
here is a gate here yeah I come home
this gate is still up like that and he's
on the stairs here so are you telling me
that he jumped through these thin I mean
they look kind of why in the video but
then you would have to perfectly jump
and go through that which I'm guessing
is what he did which means I need to
make these higher but then I can only
conclude that he then fell onto the
stairs and probably got hurt I'm like
this young boy is so mischievous
you're so much devious well I hope he
didn't get hurt he doesn't seem like
he's her he's not limping he's not doing
anything so I'm gonna eat and then take
him for a walk that's the plan time for
Scarborough to get it back and then also
I don't know if I mentioned this but
chase is flying in today and he's
staying here for a while up until I go
to South Africa
good job going up and down the stairs
sweetheart I still don't understand how
you did that earlier he's a wizard I'm
telling you he's a wizard and then I got
some work to do I feel myself being not
like radiating the best energy right now
but I just feel heavy today
Scarborough's like is it because he just
ate a doughnut that also my soul feels
heavier today so I'm gonna allow myself
to feel heavy today
Oh
my god I am a stupid person I'm like
waiting here I supposed to go to the
movie say I'm like waiting here because
Chase is let him like heavy landed chase
yeah I open the door for you he's like
I'm coming tomorrow what am i doing in
life yes he's coming tomorrow why did I
why am I sitting here what thinking he's
coming today like his most stupid person
because I'm stupid I need sometimes why
cuz I'm stupid so something kind of fun
I'm working on you know Carly
Productions is my directorial debut I
only direct my own videos so far so when
I say that it's like I act in my videos
I also direct I also like tell the
people how I want the shot and finally
like the performance and the idea other
I am doing it really cool I'm gonna tell
you all the details but horror horror
every time I say horror it sounds like
horror h o RR o rh o RR o
scary a scary a short thing with a
really cool company i'll tell you about
a little bit later on it'll be my
directorial debut so I'm not gonna be in
it and be directing it the whole life
yes no yes this which were really
excited about so that's what I was
scouting locations for today but that's
what I'll be working on this week and
it's gonna be a whole thing I'm really
nervous but I'm also really excited
nervous because I don't know all the
technical terms for things gonna be like
closer do this closer I have a vision
and I want to bring it to light so I'm
really excited about that and I'm just
excited about a lot of the meetings
we're having with unicorn Island
productions I know you don't know about
any of them that's because development
takes so long it's like my book in that
way it's not looking youtube video it's
like we're right at one corner release
it it's like yo this is gonna take a
year to happen so we're only like three
months old right now and we're gonna
walk really exciting things
having said that feel like today's vlog
has been a little heavy and that's fine
like I said but in honor of my friends
who always preached to be high on life
and radiate positivity and just do the
most to the best of your ability I've
decided to end this vlog with a little
bit of a advice section so welcome to
really honest graduation advice why when
it's a Barnes and Nobles the other day
and my book how to be a boss is featured
as a for graduates because it's
graduation season
oh and it is a book I guess that's
helping graduates makes me feel really
really great and when I graduated
honestly I wish there was a book like
that humble brag humble right so here is
my very honest graduation advice whether
you're graduating from elementary school
a high school or university or college
I'm gonna keep it real with you here's
the T first of all this was me
graduating from elementary school
clearly have not discovered a threading
eyebrows yet at this point I have like
seven chances where I look like this is
me graduating high school when I learned
how to straighten my hair and other such
things graduation pictures I know you're
freaked out about the end of the world I
promise no matter how awesome or bad
they are you will forget about them the
sole purpose of graduation pictures is
so other people can look back at them
and laugh I swear that is literally the
only purpose they serve a really good
graduation experience I was
valedictorian in grade eight I vividly
remember being so nervous I also
remember some one-on-one word I was
supposed to say past pas s IDI and like
I said passed and that sounds very
similar and every like at least once a
month haunts me where I'm like why I
even correct myself they sound exactly
the same breath there's like past
I mean past literally never idea but I
was very bad value Tory and it was a
killer stood in elementary school I was
a killer certain high schools well
admittedly up until the end of
University where I was kind of over
school I didn't graduate I do have a
degree but the last couple years of
university I was like this is not for me
get me out of here in fact to my
university graduation you can see me
carrying a little bit less I wore a
superwoman t-shirt underneath my gown
just being like give me the half out of
ya I don't care about this no more
things I wish people would have told me
about school and about graduating
especially if you're like in about
elementary school high school you're
graduating into another section of
school and you're still going to school
I wish someone would have really
emphasized to me like dude don't let
school and life convince you that you
got to make all these grand decisions
about your future I remember being in
grade 12 I think was oh my god
I just signed to make
for university and like what if I don't
want to do that and like what if I just
speak to some stuff I think people scare
us into thinking we can't try new things
anymore that is not true my entire
career is because I've tried something
new when I was younger YouTube did not
exist the digital space does not exist
it's not a thing so I think you should
do your classes and you should when you
pick your classes really try to pick
some classes those are really different
from the things that you've tried before
because like you might do some a random
class and be like I actually really
doesn't like this and even outside of
classes like extracurricular activities
things even outside so we'll just don't
convince yourself you can't try new
things no matter how old you get trying
new things is the source for a lot of my
happiness and a lot of my girls no
matter what the world tries to convince
you you can still try new things another
thing I wish people would have told me
when I was in school it's like you know
you're sitting in these classes a lot of
them you don't care about and you're
learning things sister but you don't
care about but I was in school I'd be
sitting in a psych lecture which by the
way cyclic sure's were three hours
imagine sitting in a lecture hall for
three hours listening to someone talk
about theory stuff you can't pay
attention for that long so I want to
emphasize that school gives you like a
gang of information and knowledge right
so let's say this is what school gives
you it's naive to think you're gonna use
all that like I know maybe this is an
unpopular opinion and if your teachers
and parents don't want me to say this
but sure you're not gonna use all the
things I never use trigonometry my let
have never used a lot of the theories
I've learned however there are a lot of
things I have learned I have used from
school for example every time I read a
script I literally used the format I was
taught you know the hamburger essay like
make an outline then beef it up and
that's how I roll my entire book how you
format leggings on a page when you're
writing things like that I use that
every time I write a script so I wish
someone had told me that hey you're
gonna be given this much information
it's up to you to pick out those
elements that are really gonna help you
in life let those be remembered and
don't forget those things because like a
lot of times I don't think back and like
that thing that was really useful
someone should I guess you're so like
discouraged because you're handed a
crapload of information we're like
there's no
this but some of the stuff you will so
it's up to you to dissect and pick and
understand what those things are and
then apply them to your real life the
last thing I will say about school I
have very unique I'm not unique I'm very
strong I guess I don't think I'm the
only person on things this way but I
have very strong viewpoints about this
is that is the school system makes you
think that you got to memorize things do
attest things you memorize that you
graduate and you earn a diploma and that
that's how education works and oh do
education is about learning things for
real and because of that will forever be
a student graduating doesn't make you
stop being a student I have learned so
many things since graduating in my real
life and in my career not to say that
your life is not really feeling school
like outside of school education never
stops and this might sound nerdy but
real talk so many times in my life I'm
like yo this thing I wish someone could
teach me a class on this like I wish
someone could teach me class about
marketing and business when I came to
YouTube in digital stuff but I I'm not
in those classes anymore I took a whole
bunch of classes about astronomy and
like psychology so I guess I want to say
that learning and education is a
lifelong thing you'll always be a
student so if you are in school right
now there will be a time later on in
your life when you're not in school
where you're gonna be like oh I wish I
had the infrastructure of a classroom to
learn these things so I said make the
most out of it you might be sitting in
classes that are three hours long and
two of those hours let me use this for
the one hour that really resonates with
you like yo pay attention school is
great in that way learning is great
learning is the best thing you can do
growth is the best thing so I know
school gets annoying sometimes all the
other crap were surrounded with school I
I know honestly education over every
thing in school outside of school during
school after you graduate education and
learning over everything that was a
mumble jumble of things but I hope
that's my real honest graduation advice
for you things at which people have told
me a lot of crap doesn't matter honestly
all the drama doesn't matter
a family of quiz here or there doesn't
Madeleine always crap like you'd listen
the greatest Cuban things it doesn't
matter the lessons you really hold on to
for the rest of your life but those
really really matter hope that was
helpful I hope that was helpful sorry my
thoughts aren't very coherent today back
I hope you were understand what I was
saying
your hopefully watching my blogs you
know I'm a big believer of lifetime
learning even like another thing is when
you're graduating you're so stressed
about the actual graduation ceremony
they kind of walk up there and like get
my diploma it literally goes by and like
half a second the stress the butter for
Mom and you're literally like releasing
didn't and next and the gut is done
before you they didn't even wait for you
to get off the stage before they say the
next name it's really not that big a
deal for all you guys are graduating or
have graduated congratulations I do
think it takes a special type of
perseverance and patience to get a
diploma of whatever type and I think
kudos to you for doing that so
congratulations to you my friend I know
I'm gonna do some emails and go to bed
Shadow 7 I'll watch my main channel
bitter today grammar police in real life
you haven't checked it out the link is
in the description
I suck at grammar and most of my team
does as well so it's a struggle for us
to like proofread to see if it was
actually accurate of course we knew this
was gonna happen but in the comments
like everyone's arguing over the correct
grammar
I think grammar is actually one of those
things but maybe there is just no right
answer because everyone seems to be very
set in their way so what they think is
right let's see how we did today until
tomorrow enjoy life very deep thought I
was actually thinking about kind of a
heavy but sad thought like we always
think that we should enjoy life because
life is short we can we know that we say
it like really think about the fact that
the majority of people who pass don't
know what's gonna happen the minute
before it happens like if you think
about that and that's what keeps running
through my mind and what keeps replaying
is that like every time you fight with
someone and every time you upset about
something we're not grateful about
something literally anything can happen
at any moment and if you look at any
person who was no longer with us
chances are the minute before it
happened they didn't know it was going
to happen so I appreciate every moment
be grateful tell people you love them
and care I know it's hard
I know it's hard every day to do that
because you're human you have human
emotions but just try your best to live
life to the fullest
that's all
you
