when you're so tired you want to punch
yourself in the pancreas my foundation
lasted another day it's so early I
barely slept but I'm headed to the
skittles pawn shop and and I'm looking
I'm wearing skittles themed shoes that a
fan made me once I'm very very excited
about it but I like usual and wait so
let's go ahead to the skinless pawn shop
look I'm wearing a winter jacket like
what is what it's like what climate do I
live in changes every single day look at
na cheesier and there's talks about a
big storm coming a snow storm later this
evening so we might see snow we'll see
or headed there I'm very excited to meet
all of the skittles
I need skills right all of the skittles
to be consumed I'm very excited about it
so our unit vans teeth and stomach and
muffin tops okay there is 120 thousand
bucks of skittles here oh my god I died
and went to heaven now my title is in
heaven
okay so check this out there's actually
a dog concept so they take people's bad
Christmas gifts this is the Wall of Fame
and you trade them for skittles look at
all let's go and you got skittles per
gift so yeah like 1015 packs depending
all about the gift this and then these
get donated right I guess it's all for a
good cause
I saw hot I mean I'm in my element right
in my life I feel like no one
understands me like you do babe no I
mean no you come here
this silly girl stays in line
oh no it's really cold I know we're
gonna have some skittles I am some
scouts so these lovelies brought so much
stuff to Jody and they got all of the
skittles what's your name
Daniel and Matthew and they brought so
much nothing they got 9 bucks 9 but how
many packs are you bucks 36 whatever the
math is comment below comment below with
the math so good - thank you so much
take care
back in my bed is so cold there's cheese
tears coming down my eyes and my mascara
smudging because it was so sleepy I'm
just gonna copy not even nap maybe on
that for a little bit but I'm mostly
just lying in bed cuz I'm cold and girl
lavas coming out in two hours so I'm
doing some promo tweets for that I've
been tweeting out with the hashtag girl
of just cool because I tweeted up Mindy
she liked my tweet I tweeted out to Amy
Schumer and she liked my tweet that's
dope I'm really excited for this video
to come out and I hope I hope it
actually makes a difference I gotta say
I hope it changes people's minds like I
hope it makes a difference and I hope
girls get positively impacted by it I
just I'm so passionate about this and I
really believe in it so also in a
separate and all I had an amazing time
at this girl's pawn shop like it's such
a dope idea gifts you either don't need
or you have too many or you just you
know wanted to donate they give it to
Goodwill and they give you skittles in
return and it's like don't they give you
like a good amount of skittles like a
generous amount so thank you so much to
everyone that came up to me me dude it
was really cold outside and y'all waited
outside in the cold like that's some
love so thank you so much and like
always I honestly if had this
conversation with so many people and it
continuously is a thing it's a
continuously a thing people say to me my
fans it came my fan making all of you
team super are the best
so like everyone's are like dude your
fans are so polite and like team super
so well-behaved and they're just so
positive and smiley and wonderful like
yeah even like other creators message me
from time to time and they're just like
how do you deal with you know your fans
when they do this or your you know when
they react like this it was like dude my
fans don't do the best like I talked to
so many other creators and so many event
organizers and they always have like
these issues that I just cannot relate
to because I'm like my fans never say
that to me they're actually really
understanding and amazing
so you all are the best I'm so proud of
all of you are the best well I could
mean equality and stuff like you're the
best um literally a sloth makeup is
smudged
I'm eating Oreos in bed but in four
minutes I'm releasing girl love and I'm
excited about math after again because
none of the sleeve happened last night
oh my god honestly I'm so excited
everyone is like blowing of Twitter
complimenting women using the girl of
hashtag it's getting so much support I'm
so happy about this I honestly feel like
I gave birth to a child and this is my
child like I am so overwhelming the
static join the movement watch the video
let's change the world I am on top of
the world right now I love this and it's
not about me it's not about my channel
it's not about subscribers not about
anything
literally let's just stop girl-on-girl
hey that is all this is about and the
most important part is even if you take
part you tweet and you Instagram you do
a lot of stuff the most important thing
you can do is when no one is watching so
practice what you preach in your day to
day living girls honestly I noticed so
tempting to feel like you have to hate
other girls and feel like it be in
competition with them and I mean it
happens with us all the time when I
first started making videos everyone was
like stop trying to be jenna Marbles and
now other girls come to me saying people
think I'm trying to copy you super and
I'm like honestly the world loves to pin
women against each other don't cave
don't fall into that when no one is
watching do the right thing true
character is doing the right thing when
no one is watching stop hating on each
other
stop talking bad while other girls if
you feel like you're about to say just
don't say something positive instead
it's that easy
ah it's a happy all things girl love are
going amazing and not as on her way to
my house for dinner Hummels gonna come
as well so I can try to redeem myself a
monopoly deal so many people are showing
support for this it's so incredible and
so amazing look Branko Chopra just
tweeted about it everyone is showing so
much support is so wonderful and so
awesome I'm so so thrilled and it's
snowing outside there's a little bit of
snow outside so if it snows a lot maybe
I'll flog outside later and we can make
snow angels you mean you mean you mean
you mean you I'm so full I can't breathe
I so much and I'm only vlogging while
people are having a conversation because
food is in my brain and I can't think
properly looks like he doesn't have a
home we just here to I walked him and
hopefully he held her you know what it
is
hopefully the Malala fund has a school
like it heats this girl how to play
Monopoly deal cuz she doesn't know how
to play mashed potatoes in my brain I'd
have a comeback girl oh this is nada
you ordered food I ate all of it I'm so
so I'm not today is a positive day full
of positive vibes and I shouldn't be
doing this but I just wanted to say that
we've played a lot of Monopoly deal here
and I've won four times and Hummels only
won twice so he's kind of this little
good to feed right here helping our girl
of today girl look how his tones change
its face it just beard aside it is this
beard aspera me look at it look at it
it's okay it's okay
can't you can't win them all home both
cooking so humble won the last game
there for making this whole scenario for
three still making me win another close
one
no there's no close is win or knowing
another Barbara tweet this yeah I would
I will say though in the first game
humble even in this he had every power
card like every single one
happened I don't depend on them to
window sound that's the sound of ice he
gave me my doors it is snowing and
freezing rain and my doors frozen to the
front so we just pushed it open for help
we'll get this car but it's crazy
outside right now we're gonna close the
door
blast the heater it's not pretend burn
away unless we're gonna do right now
it's boom bomb and list what boom boom
oh man it is so cold I got my heater
going on right here and I am uploading a
vlog to make sure that I'm keeping on
track with my vlogs so that's coming out
it says it's gonna take 40 minutes to
upload I know why the infinites acting
weird
maybe the wife ice frozen sort of thing
okay and with my eyes look like a weird
color I kinda look like Pooh Brown the
time my eyes were pool Brown the time my
eyes were poo I'm going to watch some
American Horror Story season two kind of
finishes in once I'm going to watch
season two it is bro and then I'm gonna
go to sleep it is around 12:30 tomorrow
I have no deadlines so I can like
leisurely work all day which I'm very
excited about cuz I have a bunch of
emails to send and lurk excites me I
don't know I just totally bring excites
me okay it's that time where I'm like
acting weird and stuff look I suck I am
good to go to sleep no I'm not I didn't
say that I am going to go watch American
Horror Story while this vlog uploads
then i'ma release it but I'm gonna end
this vlog here thanks so much for
joining me on a day thank you so much
for showing girl of all the support
slowly I can feel my hair tie coming out
so thank you so much for all the love
and support I really really appreciate
it tomorrow I'm gonna push it all that
much more so we're in this together
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe don't like that subscribe
based on like me doing videos me doing
school talks and me doing whatever being
a girl myself I see what a role
girl-on-girl hate plays even when my
friends talk about stuff like they
always tell me about girls that work
that like are so mean to them or etc and
so I decided to make a video collecting
video messages from some of the most
influential influential women I know
