much so I have logged in like two three
days cause I was trying to recover from
my sickness and I feel like I'm finally
better with exceptional my throat being
a little bit dry my nose is not runny
I feel better and we're back on this
thing so I've had two days of relaxation
where I watched movies slept in taking
naps it's been great Pinal McGill I'm
ready to get back to work because yo we
gotta finish this euro strong so I one
more clap to do
I'm headed to apartment little I'm
heading to an appointment right now
after that I'm coming home I think
humble is coming over having a work
session it's been a minute and I'm
working on my last clap which I'll tell
you a little bit about I'm really
excited about it though first time I
need some a goes head disappointment
never gonna come back
NASA does result right now this was a no
I'm headed home as you can see no makeup
again I look you know I look great I'm
given F I haven't sold my car as you can
see I'm still driving my car because my
parents haven't been able to sell it
unless I'm here because under my name so
I think it's great I sold the next time
I come back yeah I'm heading home now
and the light is green so bye
my hair is kind of crazy today that's
okay back home now I'm about to get into
work mode getting to work with a lot of
these families coming to visit getting
into work mode and humbles on his way
over so productivity no nap zone here we
go
what up I'm about to do my makeup and
I'm like kind of out of foundation so I
don't know how it's gonna happen I'm
gonna figure it out
fumbles downstairs working I've been
working for the past few hours in this
last clap which is I'm gonna talk to you
guys about a little bit so I wouldn't
know I just stopped saying you guys I'm
gonna talk to you all about it in a
little while but it's like a sentimental
clap it's not funny it's very different
for what I usually do but it's something
really close to my heart so I'll tell
you about it in a bit but right now I'm
going to do a makeup and cover this
mustache
somehow I managed to do it ladies or men
that wear makeup either way do you ever
like be so close to finishing a
foundation every time you do that y'all
gotta buy foundations well you I got my
foundation but somehow I really you
managed to squeeze a little bit up to to
last another day that's me every single
day I could not last another day but am
I gonna buy a fire engine
no no I'm just gonna wait until my cut
and open the thing
trying to like squeeze every last bit up
I'm gonna record my bit of this video
but first look I jumped over something
know what you did you make up for the
blog I did for the video but you really
did it for me
okay I look like under crap with a rope
hook comes up actually not crap I'm
gorgeous the way I am I'm good you're
right no makeup that's right amazing
what are you working on I am running
down every single song I have not
released over the years so a lot of
musics gonna be coming out have a lot of
done a lot started and a lot more than
to conceive got to write them down
have you been productive since you've
been here really productive I edited a
video I've released a video feed all my
bills basically the month that I haven't
been here has been more productive and
this louder are you kidding this this is
the most I can honestly admit I miss
working with you I get more done with
you around
there you have it live here ladies and
gentlemen you heard him say I'm better
than him I really just came out of his
mouth that's what's up i'ma shoot this
video right no no so let me tell you
about this video idea it is very unlike
things I've done in the past but it's
basically a video called girl love it's
this movement
slash video campaign I'm trying to start
it's against girl-on-girl hey and
there's nothing I look really passionate
about I'm just like I'm like about this
this is like I'm about this so I guess
based on like me doing videos of me
doing school talks and me doing whatever
being a girl myself I see what a role
girl on girl hate plays even when my
friends talk about stuff like always
tell me about girls that work that like
are so mean to them or etc and so I
decided to make a video collecting video
messages from some of the most
influential influential women I know a
lot of them being my Creator friends
like Colleen and like
sterling is basically a compilation
compilation I think compilation
compilation of that's popcorn in the
background of video messages speaking up
against girl-on-girl hate and starting
this movement to make it cool to
compliment other women because for some
reason we seem to think it's cool to
hate another women because the reality
TV and drama and that's all women are
but I want to get cool like it's a cool
thing to do to compliment other women so
I'm trying this hashtag call girl up
encouraging people to complement and
support other women and to add to that I
am also donating all the money that the
video makes to the Malala fund which
I've done some research on it helps
girls around the world go to school so
I'm really excited about it it's not
funny but it's something I believe in
and I think it's me really cool and I've
decided to make it an annual thing so
it's really cool I'm excited about it
can you be announced
I like complimenting girls unfortunately
you can't be in it because you're not a
girl and because your beard sucks okay
I've been a lot of tweets recently of
people telling me that humbles beard is
nicer than my hair I can't help but
think has something to do with you did
you think it feels like sandpaper
yes one can of coke one bag of popcorn
to oranges later I'm finished the first
edit is ten eleven of the girl that
video I really like it is six minutes
and thirty seconds which is a little bit
long for like a social type of video but
I really like it it's hitting me in the
fields but I'm gonna let humble watch it
get some feedback and I won't be like
sick is like so humble watch day what do
you think really really really really
good I'm excited for it to come out
tomorrow and excited to see this woman
girl yeah and he would be honest like if
some part sucked I think he would tell
me man was really good oh you said six
minutes something you like what I think
he's so long but yes is it a really good
job keeping interesting yay and we have
pizza okay humble and I have discovered
that well I don't know why I'm like
literally always hungry like all the
time I could eat something I'll be
hungry after it's the worst I'm
Pizza and work break is going down not
the deals going down need to work that
hard except for all the stuff that he
can't I'm so look Buddha's boom we're
having a very civil game game won I won
correct mm-hmm okay I want no use of a
deal-breaker or anything I won fair and
square
proceed to convert to as things are easy
to get less civil I see because right
now both like waiting are typed second
game I won Billy
so what did he was in winning and barely
winning still winning
once again didn't use a deal-breaker
moment once again just putting that out
there
so we're doing best in 5/3 game huh
Moses one it's enough two for me one for
humble he was celebrating
he actually dealt the last round as well
I think he forgot the one I won yes and
he used a deal-breaker minor detail
though the point does he won with the
deal-breaker point I said Bella these
are just facts these are just I'm just
numbers providing you with the facts
that's all it's humble one again and
that's to to so if you're not familiar
than Bob knock we do right at begin your
opportunity to pick up two cards we've
played this a bazillion times this guy
still doesn't remember to pick up to
like remind him every turn do I pick up
to pick up to like he's so stupid
look how still alive use compared to the
previous go so just stop right now
rewind when he was losing he's bad like
we don't care but there's not a good
face look at it say this is this this is
it these aren't his wins in life we can
have four idea I'm up in here
a billion views he's not even to two so
humbles about to win had both look you
know anything what's K these these are
basically like there's two in the deck
and they destroy people set so he always
claims that I need them to it I have
been a leader seventh heaven need one
yet to it but he got both of them
there's only two who deals occurred this
time you knew about this you can't beat
me without this I can you can't
discipline them is it fact that's slowly
beat me three games with two tailed
breakers you won best of five still
maintained you can't beat me with a
deal-breaker and I can beat him with
that one so I'm at the inside to nothing
was intense
I was basically and then he won three
times a role who was the deal breakers
and I beat him twice without so I mean
no no I didn't both my wins no
deal-breaker you had a you want to take
the topic when that guy beats me
further he's gone home that is too AM
I'm just uploading a vlog Christmas vlog
that means we're back up to date with
vlog this makes me happy I sorry I keep
falling behind it's just my sickness is
really throwing that no excuses actually
I've been enjoying some time off as well
so but now we're caught up tomorrow it's
2:20 a.m. tomorrow actually have to wake
up by like 7:30 a.m. so 5 hours of sleep
tomorrow I'm going to the skittles pawn
shop which I'm very excited about I
basically have a partnership with
skittles where they have this it's such
a good idea they basically are trading
and you have the opportunity to trade in
bad Christmas gifts the Christmas gifts
you'd like for skittles and then it's
it's all for like a good cause and it's
just so cool so obviously you know I'm
gonna be involved in that so I'm going
to let's close pawnshop I have an hour
to ask me angry so I'm thrilled about
that that's what's happening but I'm not
thrilled about the five hours of slump
I'm gonna head to bed and now tomorrow
is also a girl update where I'm
releasing my club please take part
participate it's something I'm really
passionate about post something on
Twitter Instagram Facebook with the
hashtag girl
complementing another woman um do this
change the world let's do it let's just
do it let's just do it
hope you had a great day thank you for
joining me on another day if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe oh my
god I'm so excited for girl of tomorrow
if you like it subscribe
oh my god they're so swell my god
