Merry Christmas so I am back home my
homes off for two days because I've been
sick but it's okay because I'm behind on
vlog so it's gonna officially catch me
up I'm a little bit sick but I am home
for the holidays it is Christmas morning
every Christmas morning we have a big
family Christmas breakfast
it is also Nana's birthday if you're no
Nutter is he's my grandfather used to
make so many videos with him and he
passed away a few years ago and Ernest
his birthday today so it's very special
for so many reasons
but we're about to go downstairs open
some presents because Santa left some
presents my nephews are here and could
be a good day cuz I mean lots of food
lots of eating at Christmas my god
movies you might know Jojo hope Santa
brought me Vic's this is our Christmas
tree and when you have kids in the house
yet a lot of these inflatable thingies
did Santa come how do you know santa
came man Santa and the reindeer eat the
carrots too good job
that means you're a good boy all right
so open these presents through my sister
also logging it's a blog doesn't know
shouldn't release them yet though so you
know comment below and let me know my
sister she really
yeah and if you say yeah
okay all right
oh my god they're so spoiled my god
so I unfortunately have time to bite you
when people gifts this Christmas tree I
feel bad about but I think I'm gonna buy
my mom like tickets to a musical about
my sister tickets to Adele which what
about my dad a bottle of Blue Label like
a limited edition bottle of Blue Label
so he's very happy about that
oh I lost so many cool gifts let me show
you what I got stuff for my house like
Africa onions and peppers I've nowhere
to put them so it's like a holder my
onions and peppers are very excited
about this is kind of a cool thing so
years and years ago before I even moved
out I bought these coasters cuz I saw
them at a store and I was like when I
have my own place one day I'm gonna use
these coasters and I lost them mom found
them so they're like coasters that say
like when life gives you lemon grab
tequila it's like these really cool
coasters are they going in my place I
had a whole bunch of Dacor stuff for my
place like a tomb um my mom bought me
vitamin C because she knew I was sick
she also bought me marble night
Zoop my mom always went there nights it
every year he loved my marvel night suit
which I'm very excited about and she got
me these cool show me a family picture
as well and she got me these cool things
they're like she got me a peace sign and
add sign and they're just like these
smiling things before my place very
happy about it all I'm very very happy
little and my sister's ordered me a gift
and she said it's gonna come in a few
days and you got me half a pound
Lisa's Buttercup well so we got our big
breakfast prep going on my mom is making
potato pancakes and first time killing
begin well I'm not sure really good cook
so she killing the game I'll show you
when it's all dead soon you know the
food I took me to Central City kills the
boo-boos my nose and then we have bows
and arrows make me like that and then
the medicine runs on Hunger Games I'm
gonna thought
you gotta be on the club like up JK I
can totally thank you no pipe some
strawberries egg scrambled eggs with
toast with potato pancakes with an eggo
waffle for the pancake with strawberries
that Fitness life though hashtag it's a
lifestyle if any good guy if you got to
commit to this lifestyle that I got
going on here oh man oh man good
Christmas breakfast it is 10:30 I'm
doing a little bit of a nap because I
took some medicines I'm hoping it'll
kick in I don't feel like deathly sick
but like I was a little bit congested
and stuff but my cousins it's a new
package for me
uh-huh my cousins are gonna come over
whenever Christmas dinner as well so
stay tuned because it may be me win
meeting you me me me increase me to you
all right time for a nap okay so I just
open this package and I think I know
what this is I think it is it is it is
finally finally our Streamy award dope I
could take it back to my new place
Streamy Awards super won first person
channel series or show good morning
again sort of several hours later look
what is what is even it is several hours
later I'm feeling a little bit better I
took a shower put on my sweater I'm
gonna head downstairs and my cousins are
over but it's like way later I slept a
long time so no excuses here we go so my
nephew is washing his new car with a
Kleenex washing car yeah
nice Wow all right this is my job to set
the table and this I just in this whole
vlog I look like I've gotten right over
by a nice rhinoceros but I'm okay with
that you know why cuz I let myself and
I'm fine I'm prettier than I am my job
to set the tables so I'm setting it
right now put the knives down it's gonna
be pretty I'm gonna try to make it
pretty as makeup Rudy you still got one
dish coming in there my mom made me
meatless curry which is my favorite
meatless chicken curry doesn't my
favorite chicken curry but she makes it
meat this energy really happy about the
mom has a salad that she makes and she
is self titled it amazing salad yo the
time is 1:00 a.m. I keep falling in and
out of sleep everywhere today because
I'm sick uh-huh but the plan is to go to
bed wake up tomorrow and not be sick
because now Christmas is over and I need
to get some work done so hopefully
that's what happens but I hope you had a
great Christmas and pull some bug smiles
so yeah if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe and he's such a
sweetheart let me tell you story real
quick I'll supposed to do with him
yesterday God's sake I like New Jersey
we shoot the wrong so sorry he was so
sweet and accommodating and wonderful
and I'll talk about him after he's not
here but well you see I'm gonna say all
the nice things about him because he was
so awesome I'm not that awesome
