we thought we would take this
opportunity to spill the tea welcome
back to leaves in Basel we also harder
productivity lives here it is Monday
like me that's video day also I
unexpectedly got my period this morning
one week early I'm calling my your I am
suing my uterus what the fk so I
traveled a lot recently and cozy they
don't know when you travel a lot like
messes up your hormones and your system
so your period starts like getting all
effed up some a week early trash today -
video one she was clapping for you to at
least today's video quick meeting about
unicorn island productions go to my
Inbox make sure my uterus doesn't
explode all that mourn is do it I'm not
alive my my stomach is hurting pretty
bad right now don't do this I can pay
you with anything on my board my
property right in my bed okay every has
a monetary value in the corner what
makes that hostel so you're telling me
that let's say I have three wives right
a house on two Wiles in a regular okay
and I turn a while it breaks the house
nothing else my money yes this is the
time is there a monetary value or make
it up if you retire you can leave Google
did
we deal and if you know anything about
monopoly deal you have a full set you
put a house on it if you break the set
arms in the house you go in your bag it
has a monetary value you can pay people
we've never done every time I google it
I find the coolest thing I'm right he
doesn't listen to the world this has
never happened for she's inventing a
past scenario where your memories dude I
just never happened this has never have
a second time it's the second time also
I hear it so my poor fallopian tube like
put something in it yeah that's not well
it depends on the context that's you
should be or have something so the first
video we're shooting is about the
grammar police the funniest thing in
love before argue every remand no no
it's you and I and she's like what the
hell you talking about no it's you and
me I think if you or not I think you and
I on top you and I can't
I know it's if you take out the other
part than me it has two selections
be honest guys my stomach hurts so much
I'm legitimately friggin dying and I'm
trying so hard to put on a poker face
but I'm freaking dying I'm like really
big I'm like concerned about my
performance in this video so this video
comes on your like trash that's freakin
dying okay I took a nap during lunch you
go a little bit better and I know what
choice is for sure second video and it
is with oh my god you're back we're back
us the duo is back we and you know why
because we've seen your threats yes and
we
yes and we completely gave your threat
yeah so obviously Connor is my something
blank girl what is could it be my car mm
could it be you've done your lamp could
it be my lamb your remote control what
is it you'll have to stay tuned and also
like Connor walked in and I was like
this is the most stylish person that's
ever been in my house stop you're being
too nice no you're really just helps
that I color cord and they would know
like it's cute it's cute like I've been
to it like actually wait look at us you
matching the couch me mashing the walls
so Connor and I were just discussing how
we have both improved drastically in
life with doing skits because the first
time we ever collab we didn't know how
to turn the mic on properly sometimes it
wasn't on legitimately what like four or
five years ago probably four or five our
first class which was if my brain I want
to say yeah was the person Casey that is
insane wait i collab with you before I
even move to LA yeah yeah you do Wow yes
that might have been the first time we
met this is the way yeah we won silver
lam√© yeah yeah I rented a place and then
so interesting that same place my friend
saw it as a set of a porno amazing Wow
mommy's here
sighs we thought we would take this
opportunity to spill the tea that the
that good thing I bet man good so we're
gonna talk about other youtubers where
we talk about the ones we love we're
gonna confess our fav youtubers name
your first my first I love a lot of OG
youtubers so I relate IRA Nate's a big
mood big boot one of my favorites is
jenna Marbles uh-huh turning herself
into a chair iconic revolutionary bold
brilliant yeah she was one of first
youtubers I watched as well what
inspired a lot of what I've done one of
my faves
in no particular order yeah mine is
definitely Colleen and it's also like I
feel like I enjoy watching the youtubers
that I'm friends with and I know their
personalities good makes it so much more
enjoyable to watch the content for sure
before Colleen was one of the first
people that I collab do it and she came
over we like talked for an hour before
we started shooting and I felt with her
first time I was like oh I have like a
friend here and like a so so yeah it was
really enough she's pregnant
yeah yeah and she's another one that
does like character works like I never
feel silly with the beard on my face cuz
like she has think it's that's great she
yeah she's difficult I went to end in
terms of like when I filmed with Miranda
like wait how do i how do I do this I
know you too much is Kali and this is
really weird another one I like is I
love Philip DeFranco he's one of the few
educational youtubers that I've watched
for so long and I don't know I just
adore the fact that he's kind of
unbiased in his opinion he's always
keeping me up to date with all forms of
news I don't watch him as much as I said
you know I love it I fail I should do
that he's great he has a good balance of
fun but also very important in young
topics similar another youtuber I love
is Casey nice that I think he's so
handsome smart and he's revolutionized
lung and his production quality no
that's just the way he presents his
daily adventure is just so enjoyable to
watch there's great
that could sit there and talk about
something that maybe he's not a topic
I'm super interested in but I'll be so
tuned in because of how he's talking
about it he's yeah he makes everything
sound super important super passionate
he said I'm gonna invent this thing
because I want to and like I'm gonna
test it's just like there's still a very
smart kid inside of him that could
survive and it's like really cool thing
yeah and everything he does is so
methodical and every shot is so well
done again like he truly makes a mini
movie every yeah it's amazing genius man
oh my god another one I loved speaking
of long for him Shane Dawson I come
Shane is the reason I became a youtuber
and hands yeah
his content has changed completely like
50 times over but I really like because
he just keeps evolving yeah he's won a
few people have to evolve never
sometimes I'm like I fell off again but
changes that don't evolve and change I'm
gonna keep going he's so cool mmm he's
the same thing in terms of he can talk
about a conspiracy theory for an hour
and he keeps my interest because I can
clearly see he's interested and yeah
he's just up this production games yeah
he's like Casey in that sense when the
game can't relate oh oh shut up yours
look great I can't really about that
video is gonna fuck you really you had
the phone in your hand smoking beautiful
I'll be stunning she's like you know I'm
like actually nobody to worry like
Kingsley
I love he's a great human being he is so
nice and she's one of the few people
where like it's really pansy to say I
feel really safe with Kingsley Oh like I
need to have with them like oh I know
Keyes is gonna have my back and like I
don't leave without me and I know he's
gonna be here for me so easily for sure
I love you need that your life that's so
sweet
I love Kingsley he's also one of the oh
geez yeah one of the first people I ever
watch us just I don't know we great up
showing our G I'm one more I don't think
we actually but one more after mention
ryan higa okay because his content is
also like when I see upload on my boy
gonna be amazing you know there was
effort yeah mad effort and he's actually
really really sweet a little while ago
when I was down at the dumps about all
of us stuff happening with YouTube also
discouraged he actually jumped on the
phone and talked me through it he was
like you know we've all felt like this
and I wouldn't encourage you to do those
things or clickbait like to stick to
your content he was so sweet he is a
really good yeah I don't think he's ever
uploaded a video that's clickbait yeah
he's like no I don't care I'm not
getting into this it sounds really cool
to see it anyways now we're going to
talked about all the people that we
adore now we can trash talk all those
okay real tea people I don't like
number one finally done shooting
finished my meeting had one glass of
water I'm slacking on the water he to
pick it up my stomach starting to hurt
again would I'm gonna make some food I
send a few emails go through my inbox
all that jazz then I'm gonna chill the
eff out it's like almost 9 p.m. yo
please it just chill for a second when
do I embark leave me the point but you
know what gets the best we sometimes
even me my basic calling is best to me I
just falling through Instagram sometimes
looking at everyone else being like yo
everyone's like anniversary everyone's
getting married like it was having kids
hey am i doing life wrong no Mike is
that no matter what I accomplished in
life we still have that thing where we
go on social media and like our lives
could be great but we're gonna be like
oh look at these people that's the one
evil of social me even me I be trippin
sometimes I seem to calm it down right
now
thank you to everyone that watched my
super Monday video my dad's morning
routine I freaking loved it I enjoyed
shooting it I really really loved how it
turned out shout outs if you watched it
I appreciate you tomorrow the hustle
will continue and hopefully the uterus
will chill there
you
