Cavan see my first fight on let's get to
productivity lives your own if I woke up
like this and then I got my hair makeup
done I made that joke before
too bad deal with it I already finished
my secret shoot so my bad you didn't see
it but you'll find out soon so that's
the whole day well a couple hours in New
York we're gonna do some exciting things
so here's mission for today's you do the
shoot dad eat gonna try to go to some
famous cookie dough place fly back to LA
hopefully on the plane I go through my
inbox and write some scripts hi so my
shoot went great it was so efficient I
think I did good Kyle what do you think
I do good it's so grateful did your dad
do whatever you proud I know because I
am starving also my throat hurts so
badly so because I eat talks all out
burgers I did good the Shoei part of me
you're so good way part of me are you
like that's my girl
yes did you say that did you say those
words me like des my girl swags whoa we
just ate some pasta now that we're super
full let's go get some cookie dough I
don't know how this is gonna work it's
like cookie dough but is it cold like
ice puter I have no idea they give you
like a scoop yeah I don't understand I'm
here for it though I think it's the
we're gonna like what would be here you
don't play her see here's something
because my favorite ice cream flavor is
chocolate so now it's like do I get the
regular guys he's so boring like the
classic must be the best they're right
we all say I just cracked my neck so Oh
Real Talk it's really really hot in New
York right now
we've walked what seems like 94 years
we're finally here I think is the place
both Browns doh even though it looks
like do
it's like bumping it's a bumping
situation what you get pop I got you
know I got sweet and salty I kept it Oh
G original here cake batter comb
signature cookie dough is legit like you
know I thought I'd be like a cavity my
first by omelets got to blow don't
who is not cool cool it's really good
but this much of it not a lot
over it I'm like that
whoa wait think I had a fight tell
chills all right so here's my review my
honest review it's hella cute
the shop is hella cute everyone was very
nice customer service employee Instagram
well of course boomerang we did it
taste-wise
after one bite it's super overwhelming
it's like UI there's no way I can finish
this whole thing I think I'm gonna have
a heart attack there's so much sugar in
longer now it's texture like you can't
lick it cuz not ice Q so it's like a
weird way to eat it it's so thick he's
licking me so thirsty so taste wise but
a picture though as budget if you can
carry me home and then I said just
joking boy I'd like to say that I think
I believe I have the hiccups more than
the average person in life I could take
up so often and then when I talk about
them they stop like right now this is
why I started vlogging because last time
this happened as well do I have the
hiccups are you still there I show there
are you gone
now they're gone how does that happen
you saw that right yeah how did that
happen you know what to do fast oh wow
oh boy so gone my voice is so gone oh
god okay we're leaving
evil hotel room soon as we exit ghosts
feel free to come out do your thing give
me points I get the poise you don't get
the point you have beautiful skin I need
the points
hmm look who heard my chin just looked
okay we're at the airport now we're
trying to see if we can find keys
Keane's he's lost and found his clothes
I'm never gonna see Keim's again no gang
keeps tomorrow I promise hey Kyle's
flying out tomorrow so it's chance he
could pick up keep my voice is like
really effed up we oughtta know this
happened we have 15 minutes until we're
taking off so naturally hey right here
back home my voice is gone my sinuses
are after my ears are plugged you feel
like trash but he okay you could eat my
baby here
mime stop you're embarrassing me I'm you
embarrassing me sir movie you
embarrassing me mr. boo boy miss you
miss you miss you miss you I own you
sick meds and not the F fault because
I'm a packed weekend but I'm feeling
right now
why don't each your reference let's go
we did today
I don't Amaro or hopefully I have a
voice I'll see that my
you
