today is the day it's gonna happen my
days of hard work well it's only three
days but three intense days a hard work
is going down these are the updates
right now I'm packing on the stuff to
leave to I still go to Walmart to buy
some shirts we can rip up I seem to buy
makeup for like zombie faces then I'm
gonna head to the school
Ali is currently working on the
arrangement the song is not done but
we're shooting in like two hours
welcome to my life none of these picking
up snacks for like a craft table for
like all the cast and crew Tia is
printing a book prop I need I've got
some props majestic is getting all their
videos different so everyone's doing
some every chases learning the density
just all the pieces are coming together
now we just got a most important thing
on video days and if you've ever touched
it with me you know this so crucial to
maintain positive energy here we go
doesn't matter what happens it's gonna
be great the days in our control let's
get it breakfast
t-minus one hour until I start shooting
I just picked up some clothes and you
get some makeup stuff no we are away
Thank You moon if the watcher get
started we're we're okay for time we're
not amazing we're okay okay okay we're
not behind or okay we're taking over the
school and we're about to make it have
to look someone brought the exact
thriller jacket which I'm very excited
about we can start shooting in like 30
minutes I'm getting a little nervous
there's a lot of people a lot of people
makes it harder to like
you know you know I don't know all of
you in Medellin I'm sorry I will hug you
all momentarily my knees are coming it's
a really fun those are my feet up you
like why here it's a remake up brother
very cool want to go over a few things
the first thing I have a little bit me
how many tempted you must behind but
still not that bad or didn't finish it
with key right now yeah he's my star
student actress right here she plays the
role so well she like destroys news only
my acting sucks victors but you like it
well yo it's not hot I'm hot in that
jacket it's hot but everything's going
well
hums is holding it down he's going to
ask yeah we're good we finished all our
zombie charts do you feel confident on
this job no we're doing them now do
something with fog that's why they all
log so the shot looks sick make sure
when you watch this video right you pay
attention to the details like this
what's on the board yeah that's right
all this stuff's I don't want the
details but you the details all the
books on the desk you know I'm saying we
support and people I'm supporting people
right here that's what's up that's
what's up look at this supporting people
I mean that's their do
yellow so I'm turning into a zombie now
and Arum here is doing my makeup
special-effects makeup is a correct yes
it's so Doug's gonna make me look so
scary and dope and you're gonna see the
transformation and she's gonna meet you
pizza why do it I feel good terrifying
do I look right now she did such a good
job I'm like I can with myself in the
mirror I'm sorry if I broccoli did this
shot and you got scared and now you're
gonna have nightmares because of me I
really apologize Publishing giving you a
warning maybe I'll edit one but um
so I don't know how my guys on my face
but we saw my house now transferring
footage having a little powwow and stuff
like that and it's all good season got
Simpsons meme so what I found 50
Simpsons moments when everything is
coming up in the house coming up Memphis
he's destroying my house she just sat on
this comment about my weight yo taking
that makeup off was a mission I'd wash
my face like 700 times the time is what
time is it it is 3 a.m. we I think we
did great at the shoot I didn't get
every shot I wanted admittedly I wanted
to do more of the dance but there was
just no time for me to learn it and to
execute it so I'm only in parts of the
dance but I'm hoping I got enough shots
to make a good video everyone pulled
through Soul at all my friends like him
his dancers and the makeup artist Arum
and the shooters majest I can chase
helping to teach and humble and say and
it just it was just an Tia nothing
you're just so everyone's just so
awesome like and so helpful and it was
so great save when I was it always
happened to like the first four hours of
the shoot is a fighting game the last
hour of ones Express have pop so I think
we're all kind of used to that but I
hope I got enough to make a good video
I think we did I'm not going back
tomorrow for like 30 minutes to shoot
one last scene that I feel like I need
and then I'm spending all day editing
and I wanna release it on Thursday so
have one day to make this masterpiece
happen and there's so much footage but
I'm really happy we pulled it off it was
really super hard but we pulled it off
and
I hope y'all like it as for now I'm
actually gonna edit two vlogs and two
logs behind and then I'm gonna go to
sleep but um thanks for joining on
another day and like I might ask a be
zombie I'm me I'm a unicorn me if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I think it's pretty cool so
I'll do the first little part for you a
sneak peek since you're my vlogging dog
leave Rob times goes like like hurt my
voice doing it already goes it's close
to midnight you're scrolling through
your phone under the sheets
