I'm eating cynical mice tomorrow oh my
god oh okay this is listen so is been so
difficult to plan this vlog because
today I'm prepping to meet slea tomorrow
but I can't release this and I'm going
to combine this vlog footage with
tomorrow and actually meet her so it's
like is it a really long blog and it's
gonna be ready to kill Danny but it's
like okay listen
what's happening Caetano dying she's
dying I just sleep all night
I've major anxiety it's like meeting the
rock all over again I always said the
two people the rock Selena Gomez I'm
meeting her tomorrow we're shooting a
video together I don't know exactly what
the video is gonna be because I do you
very dearly want to shoot a skit but we
might have to do like a challenger game
either way I'm meeting cards to be great
I am going on right now to try to find
the perfect gift for Selena Gomez even
though she has everything I probably can
get whatever she wants I was a gesture
of my appreciation towards her as a
human I want to get her something so I'm
gonna go gift shopping first a to gomez
idea today I pray to God that she
doesn't never watch this vlog because
I'm gonna be the biggest fan girl
secretly hope she also does I have the
best gift idea five coupons oh my god
get out of here
let's go let's go okay so I'm heading to
a novelty store this is what I've I know
I am a genuine Selena Gomez fan so I
know a lot about her already but I know
she loves pickles I know she those Hot
Cheetos I know she loves she has dogs I
know she doesn't like she loves her fans
she loves the trim kill them with
kindness I know all of these things now
I used to find a gift that a gift for
someone who has ever
pretty much that's the goal right now
also the side feel it please God let
there be a pickle section to the store
that has amazing pickle related gifts
please God God I just want to point out
that this trip I was supposed to as you
know I'm moving to LA in November this
trip I was supposed to look at
apartments get all my stuff sorted out
do a bunch of stuff and I've literally
just put everything on hold for this
moment and worth it worth it I will fail
at everything else as long as I find a
good pickle related gift it's fine
these are my priorities these are my
priorities it seems we're in a pickle
come on this door i I just stood there
hoping if I stand here longer maybe
something will appear but no there was
no look at the store now we're heading
to another store close by I feel like I
need a backup plan I don't have one
your beard is not the back-up plan the
back-up plan is a hug I'm literally
trying to plug my phone charger into my
camera and okay Evan losing their mind I
didn't find anything I was stressed now
I'm thinking I'll just I'm thinking that
she has everything and the thing she
cares about is like spreading kindness
and like love and all those things that
she's very about that's maybe I'll
donate to the charities that she works
with that's I'm thinking now but I'm
super late I need to send a creative and
I need to go to Jimmy Kimmel I do much
things and I just there's not enough
time in the day I'm gonna be with Selena
and honestly oh my have some real talk
with all of you I don't I I know I'm
acting like a huge fan girl and I know
you might make fun of me whatever it's
it's not about it's not it's not all
just about meeting Selena it's also that
this a year has been crazy for me you
know I have a bucket list just as
everyone else doesn't this year I've
checked off meeting the rock meeting
Selena Gomez and going to Trinidad all
these things going on a world tour this
years there's been so overwhelming so
this experience is just very
overwhelming because they holy crap I
didn't think this would actually happen
and I'm just instantly points in my
career I all often referenced Selena
Gomez I often I'm like what would Selena
don't
sounds weird I'm much I'm not much all
don't four years older than her but like
I reference it because she just been
through such a awesome long career and
has had so many difficult challenging
moments and so many like spectacular
moment she's persevered so all of them
so every time I'm doing something was
okay what what's Selena do like what so
that's why it's a really big deal for me
to meet her and I just hope I don't make
a fool out of myself and spontaneously
combust and that we make a good video
because I know it's exciting for all of
you as well but I'm gonna shut the F up
now shut the F up now I'm gonna go to
sleep and wake up and be a mess there's
all life's about right let's do it
good night today's the day ask me I can
die I'm leavin house I'm leaving else
this is happening you feel nothing but
confidence excitement positive energies
let's enjoy it doesn't me go
let's make a go okay I'm got it together
seeing a billboard of myself really
reduce reduced my nerves right now first
time I seen in LA so so y'all know I
publicly have my bucket list on the
internet and I'm at the rock and I am
going to check that and now this moment
is going to I know and she's already
wonderful I can already oh I'm trying so
hard to be cool all of my energy is
going into being cool right now this is
so weird
yeah it's cool hi guys and if you didn't
know revival is coming on the 9th and
you better get it it's gonna be awesome
seems to be wonderful I hope you like it
what's your favorite song in the level
don't owe me no questions every day
amazing we're gonna play the newly
friend game and we'll walk again
so Selena's wonderful and she's splendid
and lovely and now I am watching for a
hearse the shame vitami disdain show-off
win a rental rate but her much more
later on but holy crap she's wonderful
holy crap she's wonderful okay hold on
wait hold on stop shut everybody shut up
everybody shut up
listen shut up everybody listen you know
why I'm excited I did a video with her
it was the newly friend game
I gave him my scripture a skit that I
wasn't able to do today but hopefully
one day we'll do skit together it
doesn't matter because the number one
thing is that she's lovely and everyone
says you don't want to meet your heroes
because they might not be what you
expect them to be and my two people I
look up to the most and gain inspiration
from our Dwayne Johnson and Selena Gomez
and I can officially say they're both
wonderful people and I totally
understand why I gained inspiration for
them because they're phenomenal on and
off the camera and she's so real and she
was so down to earth and Frank I love
her she invited me to her shows I told
him like girl you better not be me like
be being quite a guy speak
I'm that girl you better not just be
being polite because I'm gonna come
check oh my I'm a cop so holy crap I
can't I can't she's so great she's
freaking hot she's freaking sweet she's
friggin great she's so real I appreciate
that
that is everything I strive to be in my
career doesn't matter how rich and
famous and big you get she's still so
grounded god damn by her album so humble
everything and I've been ranting reading
I want to say first of all humble isn't
so patient with me Sarah was like oh my
god cuz I've been rambling on and on
like when I get nervous or anxious or
excited I had the same conversations
over and over and over again so I told
say I'm lucky enough to deal with their
saying it's cool it's cool Mike as bad
as you think you have it humble has it
ten times worse he's listened to me for
days and days accomplished it it's
creepy how many things that she's
accomplished this year but he's had to
hear the same conversation 700 times and
you'll have here at 700 more times he's
been nothing but patient a wonderful so
I'm going to post a picture I tweeted
thing y'all want to watch my Instagram
that's the couch I'm gonna post he's
reflecting there that's the picture when
a post I'm going this video on Monday so
not the next we did one after that and
I'm on like cloud
fa9 and I was talking humble might I
pick good people as my inspirations
because they're wonderful I already said
there's been something getting wonderful
to pull a run
I feel like numb on on cloud nine and
will have a sentimental talk with us
later but this whole experience and my
life in general just motivates me to
work really freaking hard today that day
this he's such think of me we can do
anything you want like nothing is gonna
bother her today
I'm okay I'm can you just he makes me
sound like a tyrant I'm generally a
pleasant person
no she's always in a group I'm just
saying today in this collection and just
do whatever you want cuz she's this
inclined 24 beautiful maidens to give
him we have confirmation yes but see my
fans are the greatest it everything
great I ever realized and I was cause of
you wonderful people show me I love you
so much you sent me screenshots thanks
Lina's following now and she's you know
a lot of really unflattering selfies and
I can't hate you I would make it a joke
I even told Serena this in real life I
was like you're our fans do some really
interesting things in the pictures you
guys photoshopped pictures of us
together so well we're makes me believe
it and finally I don't have you anymore
cuz they're pictures together that one's
real are there any more there is more
what I'm thinking of doing by the way
the videos more this Monday so I'm
thinking that I know there's a lot of
Selena fan accounts who are really
supportive of my stuff as well and
always show me so much love so I'm
thinking about taking screenshots and
sending it to fan accounts of mine and
Salinas and giving them the right to
exclusively really say whatever they
want and saying I'm just setting the
screen shot just to you yeah the only
person that has it
so taking promoter you also get your
toons team super on whether your team
super Timbuktu or a team super Callie or
team super
our team Selena what's how anybody knows
what do they sell inators felons
yes so all of our fan crews and some
that follows there's something like
support both of us together so I'm gonna
give you guys exclusive clean shots
first before anyone else open was that
was that was up this day is so surreal I
have so many great things about me today
it's amazing day I did hoping to work
just now I feel great my inbox is at
zero that's always pleasant because when
box was absolutely a mess prior to this
as I stopped my entire life for a salad
I did there um I'm headed to have some
drinks with Nick and nick bateman nick
bateman with his handsome self and then
I'm gonna come back on and keep working
that's the black leg out also remember
the time that I did a cloud with Selena
Gomez syc randomly me up here
let's recap today real quickly I
Messalina Gomez she's wonderful
clap sir I went for juice with nick
bateman sarge a song there what was
today what what what what so we're
playing the song is called good day
because Lily's having a really good day
different lyrical matter it's the same
things Hamelin I have a theory that when
you're as a workaholic as we are and
you're an entrepreneur you based your
life off wins so we call it w's humble
came with some amazing term we said
really doesn't matter how much you
accomplished in your life every day or
every week you need w's you need wins
every day new ways it doesn't matter
what you accomplish today tomorrow you
new wins that's what drives you so every
day we count our WS our wins today was
full of w's full of w's and that's great
because a few days ago I was feeling
very W this and today was one of the I
was just telling humble right now I
think today's been one of the best days
I've had in a while
I feel so genuinely happy today that
I've not felt in such a long time it's
one of the best days of my life I just
feel so raw happy right now October 7
2015 yeah it does amaze me just shows
you got like oh I'm so happy I was bald
channel for this exact reason I'm just
having the best day ever
we are having the best day ever this is
just crazy taking what we've done in
2015 I dare the rest of the world just
watch what team supers gonna do the next
25 days listen this vlog is properly
already way too long I've combined two
days it's way too long it's I've said so
many things over and over and over again
she always genuinely when the best days
of my life it was just such a testament
to like how much you support me and how
many wonderful things we can do and I'm
really really happy that the people I
look up to deserve to be looked up to
and it was great and
I'm so overwhelmed with emotions that I
can't I can't even can't even get it out
so all I can say is thank you thank you
so much for believing me in supporting
me in supporting with my dreams and
supporting me and everything I do and I
can't believe this is my life I'm gonna
go to bed lie in this bed
stay awake and be like how about f is
this my life thank you so much and don't
for even a single second believe that
you are not capable accomplishing
everything you want to accomplish in
life because you are so capable and I'm
gonna go to bed right now thinking of
all of you truly thinking of all of you
so thank you I love you so much
if you I could subscribe if you liked it
subscribe I'm hungry
we're just like bored you know oh my god
and he likes cooking that's it I have to
marry him
