we're gonna put it there for now oh it's
pork oh really stressful morning my
phone is exploding 900 people are asking
me for favors asking me for a hundred
things I'm like sweating I have the
sniffles like I have a little bit of
fever trying to record things and my
mind jeath beard and snot is melting
into my beer just not a pleasant morning
I'm heading to a meeting we'll chat soon
I used to listen to some music like this
Oh back in the office oh my god I'm so
sorry for the stressful morning clip but
this morning I was like this mother why
am i pretending like just drop my foot
trying to get thrown in the ocean it was
just too much to walk early wrote a
script recorded some spiced news I mean
when G thin bottom G through corn some
spice news obviously dying I hope I just
of already just came back from a meeting
but let me tell you what I got left
today you head into another meeting
right now then I was a really fun bugs
thanks me that I can't wait for I got a
writer rent recorder read pack and they
got a Skype somewhere in that all that
and more or less I'm really really busy
right now so many things going on so
what did i do what did i do decide we
have a barbecue on Sundays and I also
have a plan that what's wrong with
looking like a mother effing sexy as
hell burrito right now nor black nor
white all day every time just finished
mom meeting you I wish I could tell you
all the six of UNICOR Lyon productions
working I can't even tell ya know just
trust me
have y'all noticed that Scarborough is
the king of giving side I like truly he
is the case so many times over doing
something he's like this you're serious
alright so really interesting fun vlog
segment but to go down Taylor y'all see
him all the time he's on my team he like
and it's a lot of things he makes me
look pretty in pictures every time I'm
like glowing and freaking looking like
finessing a thumb no Astro so he's used
to editing this face I want to know can
you edit my face in real life because I
want you to do my makeup today okay
umeri play that to hear the confidence
in his voice okay okay
I'm shaking yeah okay whatever makeup
you do I'm gonna wear in the Randa
record today well makeup job ever stay
tuned it's about to be a hot Evan but
alright so I washed my face to give the
artist to clean a clean canvas here's a
nice camp okay good good good so I'm
gonna first get you just select the
makeup you think you need how would you
rate your makeup expertise the entirety
of my makeup knowledge comes from Lily's
comedy videos making fun of makeup video
like I said Taylor come back with a
beautiful autumn screen this is a real
challenge so here he goes all of my
makeup go for it
try and think of what I remember you
using in these videos the blush that's
broken okay good see this is extra
challenge because I have amazingly
broken boom I remember this um mmm
mascara where is that that looks
important we're gonna take that it's
like a little blending thing liquid
liner super fan yeah oh yeah see this
looks used this looks heavily used which
makes me think this is necessary okay
we're gonna use that you have a good
strategy of us a foundation yes we need
that just this just says makeup if blush
not enough brushes though it's just like
regular painting you want to have
different size brushes for different
parts of the project lipstick would be
good SK but I was like I'm just gonna
get like a Smashbox lipstick but there's
a lot okay so we're gonna go um shape
tip contour contour this is the same
thing or not what are you holding what
are the two things you're comparing to
see if they say the eyeliner and fanned
out mascara okay these look like
foundation guys these are used where I
can use that you have unused ones that I
could use no you don't need them what
looking at stuff I have no idea where to
start I know foundations should come
first the trick is finding out which one
that is
I was hoping some reason have directions
in the back door
this is sunscreen interesting foundation
got it now this is what I really thought
I needed one of those sponge things to
apply this for some people would that
looks good that looks good yeah right
let's calm down because venti Butte is
expensive
oh sorry we're gonna go with it how am I
gonna get every spot here it's underwear
science is how you get your good base is
how you get your foundation you're a
nice blank canvas just gonna start
saying words that I know that I've heard
you saying this will create a good
contour it won't actually this will make
it really bland the trick here is to
blend this in I knew that because then
this is gonna look like you're wearing a
full face of makeup otherwise how to do
that I have no clue so we're gonna just
wing it
hmm the issue with foundation that I
have is that I can't ever tell if it's
on or not it could be I so Gentiles like
how am I supposed to be more aggressive
no it's nice its pleasant what happened
there nothing just a happy little
mistake hmm oh Lord
all right big old streak going on up
here nice uh highlight all right we're
gonna move on just wait till you see the
finished product
okay art takes time I was just told I
have time Luna 15 minutes which is like
that's intense
I I need way more time so anything the
reason this isn't gonna look great is
because at this time yeah time for this
stuff
it's very glittery this looks like
actually like not joking highlight stuff
because this is really light mm-hmm so
that would go by your eyes show how your
dip my doing so nice - no no I like it
doing it I don't I've never used makeup
this looks like right yeah Oh Lord
that's quite a lot well blend that later
I don't know if that was the right move
but we're gonna roll with it but why is
this used so much it's darker I don't
remember where this would go I'm gonna
go there does that no it doesn't make
any sense yeah cuz you want to put blush
can you just tell them what what you're
using
Sparkle Brown is what I like to call it
we're gonna put it there for now
oh it's respawn this one's worse barley
than the white wine lilies new look
alright what does that say Oh No
oh we're not gonna talk about that
what'd it say so I said judging by my
new knowledge this is actually eyeshadow
we're gonna use this to shadow the under
part of Lily's eyes okay here we go okay
that is um you look like you're a brave
heart this is called the Dothraki look
this is the kind of look you want to go
for when you you're tired but you want
to lean into it
I actually don't get this when I comes
to make it about people do this I don't
know why you would want your eyes to be
dark yeah why would you our eyes be
darker and you probably don't well I
thought I was you drew a little better
than this but already look at it it's a
train wreck this I know where this goes
this looks blushy it seems to be doing
nothing I am so sorry for this makeups
hard guys don't know anyone does babies
close your eyes
love you doing the underneath ellika
yeah that's yeah of course I know you
just look like you got punched in the
face I dig it oh no this is my question
to you is did you think this was gonna
go better or worse I'll let you know
when I see the final product if this is
Photoshop what would you do I'd ask for
a new picture we're gonna lipstick it
okay I feel like that always ties the
whole thing together hmm
lipsticks like a good carpet in a room
just pulls it all together kind of paint
along your line got tooth got a little
bit of a tooth okay and then do that
thing where you like rub them together
oh that could have gone worse the right
side isn't perfect but I mean like that
could have been way worse you know like
when you're drying or anything and what
you have it at an angle you like this is
great and the more you like hold up
you're like oh no I forgot something
liner what are you gonna do wing it
because you get wing liner that looks
horrendous no you know like you're
trying to cut a straight line and you
cut like a little bit to go well got
even now and you gotta keep going that's
too good it's too good to be this way go
that way
you said winging it mm-hmm I see the
wing I don't want to break your
eyelashes I'll close your eyes I think
oh no sorry
that's the best of us oh crap
savages mmm that is just me yeah while
worse try like look at a picture of you
with makeup do you think yourself yeah
that's really impressive um I want to
put the lighter eyeshadow around your
eyes so you don't look like you got hit
God love you looking to me like this is
right right yeah it's just come on quick
look at me I need the other eye thank
you I know unbelievably we're done with
that one what do you think eyeshadows or
to accentuate your own eyes
so you're using eyeshadow right now yes
the eyeliner thing I know that's where
that's supposed to go but the line
that's harder man preach we're gonna
blend everything else and then I'm gonna
try and blend to the eyeliner wing and
and we're gonna see what happens this
kind of work like the eraser tool in
Photoshop is I'm hoping mm-hmm it's
actually not doing so bad at that job
that well uh it's ready and Wow gotta
say I'm disappointed in myself no you
tried a for effort you know like when
you see people do challenges on TV or
something you're like man if that was me
I could do it I was really how I felt
coming into this get out oh boy get you
a close-up on some of these details here
okay so the eyeliner isn't amazing uh
it's that's a hard brush to maneuver the
lipsticks fine I think
what's good good job buddy there you
have it if you do photos
work you doesn't mean that you can do it
in real life second let me just take
this just why why was that turnout since
there's a hundred look I miss there's a
hundred things I don't know I'm sorry
all right I'm gonna shoot my rent like
this though I like to say it could be
worse no good but good oh my god as bad
as this looks here when I was recording
this rant which I just finished 100
times worse than that like oh my get me
a makeup wipe I have held up my side of
the bargain this is some tracks Oh much
better so in the morning as in like 5:30
a.m. aka a few hours from now I am
heading to New York here's the thing I
had a little bit of an ungrateful moment
where I'm like uh you know like dude so
far it's because I lived in Toronto for
so long and that was a 45-minute flight
just six hours of my lamb I'm like I
could take Scarborough but I'm not
taking him cuz I'm only going for two
days and I'm like I'm not gonna put him
on that long flight even though he said
something laughs I'm not gonna put him
on that long flight for two days so he's
staying a tailor my ungrateful moment
was like I was like complaining but what
I'm doing in New York is actually really
really cool and I'm actually grateful
and I should not complain but just the
travel a lot of the travel was you know
the last two times I've traveled and
gotten sick and I'm recovering over
sickness so I just hope I don't get sick
again but chug the vitamin C but I won't
be able to show you much of what I'm
doing there unfortunately not my choice
I'm sorry but you actually let me send
an email actually now that I think about
it was happening I'm gonna believe in
Scarborough again for two days I'm
really sad about it but the good news is
he's staying with Taylor and Taylor's
roommates and he loves all of them me is
such a good time there needs to play
with them so he don't give it off half
of F and I'm getting better at leaving
him - I really am so it'll be great come
on let's go for a walk okay yeah dude
you should make the show today look at
this side bum bum bum bum oh thank you
so much bum bum GG you're Cuba monkey
let's go
just install my new home pod hmm it is
that time buh-buh-bear I have packed
your stuff my sweet sweet boy and we
must part I'm sorry I have to leave
again I'm gonna miss you only two days
tell us it's a get away from River only
two days right thank you thank you boo
boo oh my goodness maybe just took a nap
sauce breath is stanky morning breath
but mummy doesn't mind say bye team
super thank you oh thank you oh thank
you chip I owe me oh don't mind me
I have a call in a day when you're
watching this it is super Thursday adopt
new videos coming up with some ethnic
makeup during the rent so if you're part
of vlog families you comment below and
letting people know you know what's up
they don't know what's up but you know
us that see how we could take on that
we're heading to New York tomorrow for
just 48 hours or you actually even less
you
