June 17 will decision not June 17th the
chance that welcome we hustle harder
productivity lives here and were
slightly better than yesterday so
yesterday I was sick I went to bed not
finishing all my scripts this morning I
you can hear to my voice that I'm sick
don't feel as bad I feel like I might
make it without getting full-blown sick
I'll welcome this morning I finished the
script I didn't do too I did one I gave
myself a little bit of a break but
here's the mission for today's shoot
that video meeting with Taylor I'm
meeting with Masako and then I got
working some unicorn island production
stuff my goal is to be done by seven and
then do some leisure stir all that more
let's do it
like I said goal seven at seven no more
work needs to be happening I'm promising
myself also I'm gonna stretch right now
okay if you're for the weak of heart and
you don't like to like hear cracks of
bones and such I suggest you fast
forward because I'm gonna show you
something right now
so I am like pretty known for being able
to make my body crack in various ways
I'm very flexible and double-jointed so
I'm able to like do things for example
my ankle right here all day every day
but listen to my back crack again if
you're grossed out by this don't listen
my rapist listen hear that did you hear
that over the - oh yes I'm a stretch and
then get to work let's do it
well headbutt and a punch the aggressive
trash is calm down okay
you know why Lily stick let me tell you
why Lily second by all you dirty kids
psycho kilo is poking a boys on Facebook
say hello come my pro quick time so
cesky that's how you always getting sick
always tick-tick-tick the Kasbah
Pinterest vine Google Safari
Ask Jeeves always tick tick tick this
what you've got is sick all the time you
never drinking water my boys Trentham Oh
give me more vodka short vodka stupid
dumb had this my view all basic okay you
know what you think because you spend
too much time face to nigga oh my skin
this offers Ian Cleary I'm one because
this is value bloody sick this violently
sick is about you or sick poor dumb head
ok please subscribe in this channel also
check me out on spicy news IG TV I am go
class superstar news reporting with my
husband with stupid husband Ayesha stupa
stupid stupid husband I mean spice news
ittv is you don't know this one what the
bloody hell's wrong with you huh update
instant Graham app and watch my news
program thank you bye understand how a
tailor needs to catch up I've seen like
three times usability fighter 5 scene 13
take one so we are doing Wendy's working
out now is it yours no square foot and
this was covered is all shooter dicks
props you scribble but where is this
thing you'll be the Cornish thing it's
mine now the other yes okay so you want
to make it seem like this my man
Martin's not whining okay are you ready
look at my son go look at him look at
him there's no stopping him now so the
boys are trying to figure out something
with the monitor on how to shoot spiced
news check this out go to say that's it
56 that's yeah that's way too square
maybe it's the wrong settings math
change proportions this is the right
cable okay so we figured it out
basically what it is is the parabola of
the hypotenuse you have to make sure
it's equal to the ratio of the long
division of the y equals MX plus B like
how we did like just right there alright
we've done shooting set up everything I
learned everything I need to learn on
how to set up spice and you
my life is like falling apart like I
said I have no gross you know anything
so this was a great time to know segment
called what's in my fridge spoil alert
nothing nothing nutritious let's do it
this is a type of groundbreaking content
you need to watch while still be super
honest first was on on my Polaroid like
Game of Thrones night Will Smith no big
deal John Legend no big deal all the
things
Wow if you know why I have so many great
okay hold on you should know some of
this I have no idea what it is because
many people put things in my fridge like
my team even though I down the bat -
let's turn up top we got this isn't mine
we got some peanut butter that I never
eat fun fact I was younger I used to be
allergic to peanut butter and then I
just grew out of it best before July oh
nine what's my right good to go got some
spinach some food no that's definitely
expired system okay we're not gonna look
in there but we're just gonna put that
right back
this is some tofurkey that I made before
I went to me saw a while ago but like
nobody does it go bad 90% cardboard so
really so this is like vegetarian like
vegetarian like goodness we're gonna put
oh no that's expired us out why am I
like this you know what it is in my
defense everything is fresh and then I
travel and I come back and then it's
just one big giant amoeba that's what
happened this is beans I'm not gonna
open because they could already see some
fungus developing over there put that
right we're gonna throw in the continues
well mom I'm so sorry
cruising down my favorite fruit ever is
pomegranate fun fact for the first
couple years of my life I did not know
what this is called in English she does
I only u4w I was like I need a nod and
I'm doing what the f are you talking
about pomegranate and they recently
loved it that's their I post mated some
strawberries so the guy decided to bring
me every strawberry on the planet in
this giant large carton so that's
definitely gonna go bad because
strawberries only last three days
Taylor's beer we got asparagus is like
favorite vegetable so you'll love the
way my piece knows okay keep on cruising
hummus because the team they're a bunch
of cows the sock will come over and both
of these will be gone so I have some
hummus I like the classic I don't want
to read
I don't want no goddamn time on the
classic original okay sour cream oh it's
so good I'm shocked okay
got some sour cream and get light
because I'm a fitness person so yeah
this is oh this is him a long time ago
actually this is a veggie burger I'm
just in the freezer okay
best before during March even months
without counting you my little accounts
you Jennifer me March April May June
June 17 would a surgeon not June 17 it's
nice that this is another thing I post
Nate and I told him original he brought
the vanilla and then boy what is you
doing first world problem almond milk is
gonna drink red grapes are my mother F
and Jam okay I love red grapes I also
have some cotton candy grapes you sir
not mine so someone place them here
amazing I let it this is some lettuce
that's all that's brown right there
that's responsible what I want you all
to know it's true okay I got some vegan
cheese slices for my breakfast I'm
shredded for clearly got open for what
I'm concerned about this crap that my
team keeps buying y'all need to stop
this trash because this is Owen what's
up I'll open this she took three sips
and it's been in my fridge ever since no
this is mine no no this is my on my team
their trash okay no we have done a min
out eating out ketchup animals tells us
the compartment because when you run out
of ketchup I just even if guests are
over that group who's over like any
ketchup here you go basically this is
that every Indian person has this
compartment don't even Lester you've got
some like Japanese and stops and
blessings yeah but a guard okay let's
look at the freezer now this is so
exciting okay drawers the first drawer
I'm a doctor
caramel swirl we got them but no not be
we like a sea salt ruffle what the hell
is this it's not mine but I'll take it
Oh white chocolate now you might be
wondering about Oreos fun fact
mini Oreos that are frozen that you put
in the freezer
right here tell me it's not amazing oh
yeah oh yeah Oreos in the freezer so way
to go okay
the hell is this spicy Italian sausage
clearly not mine
clearly not ma'am we know you like spicy
Johnson my vegan bacon don't eat my
breakfast sandwich these popsicles in my
last video
no needed which in Canada out there
called Rockets but here they're
firecrackers nasty mother everything's
at my teeth what the hell is all your
crap they're frozen peanut butter and
strawberry jam they're so good there you
go take it home okay thanks great but
they're frozen and they're like no one
else we got a whole bunch is this like
vegan chicken it actually can strip
about you can crumble I called up my
favorite fries curly fries Arby's I
learned that like yo listen that's
what's up I just lit out here W if you
have a water problems off the back of
your son I got 99 problems in water
eight one I'm kidding it's very much so
one but yo QEII point done editing the
deck into 744 I'm 44 minutes past the
deadline I wanted here's the thing we
make myself dinner watching TV I'm still
gonna do some work but this work is not
like deadline work energy this is like a
creative thing I'm working on that like
feels like it's not work is just fun
just me like brainstorming something for
fun and no one actually knows about it's
a secret thing I'm working on so that's
exciting
it's 9:30 I just did so much creative
work now I'm gonna watch some TV before
I go to bed also this whole bottle
wasn't only water it was water with
vitamin C so put your fear hey bye mom
did you tell everyone what happened
today did you tell everyone when we went
on a walk there was poo poo stuck on my
bum but when we came home mommy had to
wash my bombed each other buddy a
mother's love I tell you this little one
right here teach me when we say I love
my mommy I just found out I got to go to
NYC for literally two days Thursday and
Friday
not taken because it's too short of a
trip to stress the moat with a plane
ride so I'm gonna leave him again for
two days
my poor boo-boo he's like I don't give
an F i'ma turn up that's all for today
let's see how we did and I'm gonna drink
more water access vloggers then I know
we have two points right now let me
you
