telephone yet no SAP all right
good morning look at this view look at
this Bureau huh
I am I woke up how to call us Simone so
my days gonna be good because you know I
love Simone I love her had a call about
project IRL and the possibility of
another show that's all I'm gonna say
I'm back to the mall I'm on a really big
time crunch right now I'd go find shoes
for my outfit that I don't have the
bottom of my outfit also need to be
hemmed I also come back and wash my hair
and very very soon Rene national coming
over to do my hair so the whole day is
dedicated to the streamys and getting
ready and all that stuff um it looks
like to sell my friends that's dope
let's go to Aldo and try to find some
shoes and you know high heels you
already know I can't you ready no cannot
wear these why I'm gonna say I'm gonna
change the game one day just wear just
wear like a onesie should I okay not
this time I want to hug him all the time
every day shopping trip it was more kind
of like hey I need these shoes and I
really have a choice so I'm not gonna
check how much they're and just give
them to me
uh-huh but I got them I got a lot of
insoles as well because here it is it's
not that I don't like heels like I think
heels are pretty fabulous and I think
they look like boss and some outfits but
I sometimes sometimes I do like my
sneakers and kicks but it's more so that
my ankles are just really weak and I've
had this problem since like I was
younger when I used to dance or say
anything like my ankles are really
really weak they cannot handle
I feel like they start to twist and Bend
again f-stops yeah but I'm gonna man up
or after I'm gonna woman up and wear the
heels tonight so I got some insoles I'm
just gonna like bill with it alright
let's go home wash hair giddy up okay so
I'm back home I love this place natural
sunlight friggin love it I gotta quickly
wash my hair because there's so much
hairspray in it and Renee's gonna what
me I can't wait till he gives me a scalp
massage I'm so excited
also I've got single cash again ah sorry
I'm having a brain fart
today's there is a be patient with my
super Thursday video cuz as you know
it's chaotic day I'll try to do when I
come home but be patient please
so I took a shower and put on the exact
same clothes these are the shoes I
bought they're pretty boss pretty boss
and I bought all the insoles in the
world to put in them and I also bought
cream the amount of things I buy like
this that gets wasted because I'm only
like five days and I don't I can't take
it my suitcase it's ridiculous how the
goal is to finish all the cream um be
safe soft like a baby's bottom okay I
just call the guy to make hey I need to
pass the store my makeup and hair artist
were coming up I rented like 21 16 from
you is like wow like I'm in 21 16 I
rented from you he's like what are you
talking about
21:16 is the room number for my hotel in
the W that I was at in New York I'm
losing my mind I'm losing my I love it
I'm so excited you're eating pizza again
for the second time today multitasking
the real reason I go to show let's try
to God you I wish and we should we feels
this treatment cancel my place all the
time it's so quick is a little different
place there was a new adventure is it
cute I know it is cool how on fleek is
my makeup this killer she killed it and
they could disappear right here not only
did he hem my office I know he's ironing
it but thank my team is so wonderful I
would literally collapsed useless if
they weren't here I'd be going away
pajamas right now that the best okay so
I love my outfit it's a one-piece
jumpsuit Sandi killed it actually killed
her ridden a kill they I feel so good
and it's so different from anything else
aboard and it's kind of like fun I'm
hyped extremes are we excited before I
go I just wanna get something off my
chest and talk about something really
quickly um it's not a serious thing I
just you are my friends and I want to
tell you how I feel so I have this
youtube marketing campaign going on so I
always tell humble when he's asking me
about YouTube advice I'm like listen the
only way you know you're growing is if
you get hate comments if you get no hate
comments that means no new people are
watching your videos and you're not
growing at all so I understand there's
benefit of getting hate comments if you
think about it from like a growth
perspective it's like hey I hate comment
means someone new who's not used to
myself has come left the hate comment
that means new people are seeing my
stuff that's fine so the YouTube
marketing campaign I knew my face will
get out there more I knew more people to
subscribe more people would love me more
people would hate me genuine bought my
heart 99% of hate comments don't bother
me one little thing that does bother me
two things actually
I understand Tim super is so protective
about me and I love that because I
always get them saying I'm so upset
people are saying this about you and
that means so much to me but I want you
all to understand because you're my
friends and I want to be honest with you
in those situations it actually
stresses me a bit more when team super
tweets me saying so many people are
leaving hate comments about you and it's
really upsetting me because majority of
the time I don't notice hate comments
and when you tweet that to me that gets
me to think like oh everyone is noticing
that there's hate about me and
everyone's pointing out to me that
causes me more stuff I would prefer
first of all you don't reply it all to
get comments cuz you're not gonna win
that
it's it doesn't deserve your time or
energy but maybe not bring that to the
center of attention and instead people
saying oh my god I just saw your ad no
it's great and kind of ignore the
negativity because especially me like
I'm so scared of negativity and like
depressing thoughts and anything so I
don't just I just don't like it to enter
my world so let's focus on the positive
and not focus on the negative stuff also
um I'll talk more about this later
probably in tomorrow's vlog but I think
it's so dope that YouTube and Google
chose me as one of the people to be part
of this campaign and it's gonna sound
really stupid but it really means a lot
to me but my skin is brown and I do with
a lot of racism and I think as the
company's really progressive for them to
be like I don't give an F if she's
Indian and I don't give an F if he has a
scarf on her head we're gonna put her on
billboards anyways and that's a really
progressive thing for companies doing I
don't think they even realize how much
that means to me but like other people
of color to see a billboard be like holy
crap a person of color wearing a scarf
on her head and like dressed as an
Indian families on a billboard that's
dope and underneath my youtube marketing
campaign there's so many racist comments
of course it bothers me like 1% because
it's really unfair that the only thing
someone would see is me like oh you're
terrorist shut the F up but not even
giving my videos a chances it sucks and
it's unfair but it's stupid to complain
about that I have said it from day one
the number one way I will fight racism
is by just being as successful as I can
be so those are two things I want to get
off my chest I am genuinely not upset
I'm genuinely just like thrilled that
everything is happening my life and had
to streamys that I'm most excited about
seeing all my friends and qingxue my day
I'm gonna pick them up right now in uber
X for life but losing is just not gonna
be the same without humble all right
let's go with my date you guys um okay
is that pretty oh we're about to watch
this carpet right now let's do it
so we're inside it was not so one life
in ten minutes for turtle I think ten
minutes and never turn off because it's
happening
are you ready to smell the next two
hours
it attracted millions of bands
Rogen and James Franco
I'm literally over prepared for
everything in life except this moment
cuz I really didn't think I was gonna
win I really didn't think I guess I'll
start off by saying I heard to be
successful you need to be the dumbest
person in the room and this is
definitely the right room to be in
you're also inspiring and I'm honored to
be here with all of you so give up for
yourselves first of all you're all
awesome I gotta thank teams super my
fans you are the most loyal dedicated
passionate wonderful people my friends
my family my parents who let me not be a
doctor thank you also my team loves me
better every day and lastly I want to
say huge huge shoutouts to Google and
YouTube for not being scared to put a
brown girl on a billboard thank you
okay y1
I'm still like I don't understand like
I'm gonna total state up like that to
happen to actually like nothing
I honestly literally was so unprepared I
think I was not expected
No
congratulations if I was like fangirl
scream and congratulations to lily and
all the uniforms on uniform now the
brush
for everybody I'm home I'm home I'm home
I survived in my heels and I want
nothing more than to take them off and
throw them out the door leave my feet
are killing I survived though I just
bought Burger King I'm gonna quickly and
then we got to talk we gotta talk
because I don't get it I don't get it
okay
okay let's talk let's talk about this
let's talk about this I want you all to
know and you know I'm always real with
you all those times would like all I'm
gonna lose him to lose it honestly was
not a coping mechanism it was not a
defense mechanism I genuinely from the
bottom of my heart I was like I'm not
gonna win nor was I bothered by it I'm
like no freakin grace it's kind of
arrogance they deserve to win they
should win man I was I didn't prepare a
speech I didn't do anything I walked in
and I I treated it like I wasn't even
nominated okay I'm just gonna go and
chill on my category came up like cool
cool when I heard my name literally my
world like turned upside down I was like
wait what I said was like I forgot I was
nominated that's how much I truly
believed it wasn't gonna happen
genuinely like I would be real with you
had no I did not expect that they called
my name and I was like what the hell is
happening right now I can't believe I
won I am two things
I am stoked and I'm excited I'm so
grateful and I feel like holy crap it's
such an honor but I told you from before
even though I won awards are still not
how I define my success even after
winning a Streamy I'm maintaining the
best award I have in life is gang to no
team super gang to do what I love games
make people laugh and smile get me to
make myself laugh and smile that is how
I measure my success and winning stream
has not changed that is it feel awesome
to win hell yeah
I'm so excited and it's so wonderful and
I feel so honored but it's not gonna
change my point of view of this you are
still the best part of my job and the
best award I will ever ever get I'm
really just I don't know this light was
this light in the way the whole time I
just I don't I'm just really I don't say
I asked something
a huge huge huge shout out to like all
my fellow creators that were there and
congratulate I mean were so kind I mean
all the texts I'm getting an Kingsley
who was with me all night it was just
such a good friend the whole night he
stayed by my side and he's just so
wonderful and just everyone who like
genuinely congratulate when genuine was
like yo like we're really happy for you
and it was just really nice it was a
really nice day I don't know I don't
know what happened today I don't know I
don't know I I don't know
thank you you are the best thing ever
I'm gonna take my hair out now take my
makeup off have to wash my hair I'm so
tired but it's like 12:30 and I have a
call time like 6 a.m. to my other
magazine shoot want the YouTube space
and Renee is gonna come to my hair again
and I make a part it's not actually but
Ashley's friend is gonna come to my hair
I mean my makeup and I'm just I just I'm
taking a second to enjoy this moment
also the Hustle doesn't stop I mean we
won extremely more importantly we have
each other and I love you so much the
journey continues if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe yeah can I get
four sides of wall please circle I know
that walking extra
