productivity lives here and I am sick I
am a sick person I'm like mildly sick
still I can do this so like I'm not that
sick but actually you know what that
hurts I couldn't do it I'm a little
thick tough I already did a whole bunch
of things today it's actually evening
it's like 5:00 p.m. because I've had a
crazy sick morning but here's what's
still left to do here's the mission
shoes I got financial meeting brainstorm
meeting go through my inbox okay some
packages write script one rights group
to help how did I do so many things
there's still have all those things you
know what cuz was a box so I just had my
financial meeting which essentially
means that like my financial manager who
you I don't think any of you have ever
met comes and she's like Louis to like
my accounts at my business and my
finances an investments investments
hashtag Oh doll but every time I have
these meetings I'm instantly stressed
she could be like hey you're doing fine
everything's okay and I'll be like I'm
poor I'm broke I'm broke I'm broke I
can't do I don't know I can I'm just so
stressed about it all the time and she
always comes up to me and she's like you
spend as a person like not your business
you as a person you spend no money on
anything that was like let's keep going
okay every time I travel a little one
good thing I mean in addition to
traveling is I come home to a bazillion
packages but today you could quite
possibly be the most excited package I
have ever received it is from so rock
now if you don't know anything about me
so Rock Mary is my mother effin jam oh
the rock summer does this hammer which
leads me to believe I have to break
something right now I'm very excited
so Rock summer very here this is not an
ad but hashtag got an ad but you sent me
free on all I mean you won't be long
we're gonna travel enjoy a liquid escape
with so Rock summer colada
oh I mean listen you'll give me a
martini mixer okay I'm gonna put it
right there look look over there hey
Scarborough I'm gonna drop these foam
things don't eat them okay I think he
has one oh yeah oh yeah okay that's
already kind of broken I think I'm
supposed to break in somebody else
burger party no but I want to break it
yeah oh my god it's a whole bunch of
cute stuff look at the cute stuff it's a
real coconut thank you sir ah cash like
nada ad but clearly they know that I
love this because they sent me some made
with infused coconut pineapple and
natural flavors no I'm home I just
finished walking Scarborough which by
the way I was going through my blog
comments with me I seen some people at
you he's overprotective what's Garba you
welcome to Earl I was like first of all
I don't blog everything I do I don't I
try my best not to vlog while I'm
walking a because I don't want the world
you know my neighborhood I'm liberated
because it's my time to just chill and
relax oh just because I didn't vlog it
as man happen so calm down haters bagel
I want to have a moment of real talk
with y'all because I'm feeling a little
overwhelmed truthfully near my friends
and it's what we do Frank but
you're gone I've been overwhelmed
because I'm just not like one to ten I'm
like 5% sick I'm not super sick but I'm
sick enough to feel like crap and feel a
little like eBrush my throat is hurting
and not be like completely president
orrin today the whole day I felt like a
moron and every meeting I've had of him
like what's happening my brain is just
not working what I want to communicate
is it's a p.m. it's not home I want so
badly to be like I'm done at the office
and I can come home and do whatever I
want
what a happy right two scripts I really
don't want to what I have to it I know
you're saying well you know you have a
choice I feel like I don't have a choice
because the choice would be don't write
the scripts don't shoot the videos ms2
uploads I'm not okay with that choice so
feels like I don't have a choice I guess
what I'm trying to communicate is that
there's like my life feels like it's
falling apart because that's so much
work to do by the time when we done
working at 11:00 p.m. I haven't done
grocery shopping haven't had time to
grocery shopping I haven't do my laundry
even a time having had time to unpack my
room is a mess
everything is just like a man you know
me I don't like to have my stuff all
effed up like this so I had a chance to
just be human cuz I need to keep working
right now and it's a very first world
privilege problem to have business and
blessing but I guess what I'm trying to
say is I know my vlogs noise like this
is the mission that's where I'm doing
points points points but I definitely
have these moments where I'm like yo
this is too much Frank like I'm
struggling and so if you ever feel that
way know that you're not alone and it's
completely normal but my very honest
lesson here is that you want to have the
level of success that you see me have or
more because I know you're capable of so
it requires this sometimes requires
these unpleasant effing realities where
you come home and you're like oh alright
we didn't keep doing work and you know
I'm not encouraging you to be mentally
and healthy but I'm just like you know
what I'm feeling I'm feeling very
stressed and overwhelmed and because of
that I need to laugh and so I'm gonna
laugh intro segue by showing you blooper
reel I haven't watched it yet you oh
yeah that was bad ever watched it yet
either
normally you watch it I'm gonna watch it
we'll talk a little bit here are some
never-before-seen bloopers from my
channel and I this looks really cool in
the camera okay
get your bum her sports bra no shame
shame yeah Wow mister me love not you so
mean yeah to American okay no that one
in the car with her snoring
we couldn't even do like we could it was
so funny
I couldn't even act I was like no I'm
sorry I can't the rest of those are like
you should see how many times
Scarborough interrupts my shoots
literally this is actually be like under
during like room tone which is like
everyone s be quiet for 30 seconds you
like I'm gonna figure out what that hell
I'm gonna eat
I did my Scarborough some new food and
then I'm gonna get work get to get see I
can't get to work be honest I'm really
struggling here I'm really struggling
here it's almost 10 p.m. I think I've
take a shower I'm getting like congested
you know when you're sick good morning
and nights are the worst I'm hitting
that oh all right I took a shower I like
kind of have the scripts done kind of
hath not done everything else has
happened tomorrow morning cuz I just
like I'm gonna knock out right now and I
can't happen one more thing before I go
though if you're living under a rock for
some reason I have
released something on IG TV 19 i G TV is
a new feature released by Instagram is
original content for Instagram if you
don't have it update your Instagram app
it's basically a little icon that's on
your home screen right next to your DMS
or if you go to someone's profile where
you would see their highlights it's also
there it's free or if you don't have
Instagram you couldn't download the
separate app IG TV I really spice news
which is a news broadcast from bottom G
thunman gee that's free to watch here is
a little sneak peek tired of fake news
introducing spice news your only source
for gossip gupchup and news some around
the world want to get you the inside
scoop keep it spicy over here what do
you mean my coupon expired I get in the
action so let me understand you have a
group of project I'm only exclusively
releasing this on IG TV well not be on
YouTube you'll not be on Twitter on la
f√©e on Facebook it's only there and it's
free to us if you want to watch my
parents are thinking about doing it once
every week or so the right now there's a
sizzle there's a first report so check
it out and let me know your thoughts
come below and let me know the damn
thing I am gonna go to bed yo Frank
god damn I am sick let's see how would
you also note you're thinking
you drank no water I drank a little bit
of water I didn't vlog it I mostly drank
ginger ale and like some other citrus
thing though whatever don't give me the
point I don't cur
you
