welcome jazzing to my cousin tour I'm
late I'm late I'm late I'm late I'm late
I'm late I'm late I might I might I
might I have a running late I would get
there right on time and then Parker's
anniversary
okay I made it had a great meeting was
actually really really really really
good
who's that Hasbro which is like all the
board game place it was really cool in
there don't people stuff back to the
office buddy let's go today I'm gonna
get mad water points just watch me mop
is gonna be trans Haring like my love
life okay smart person that knows about
things okay want to tell me that there's
such thing as cotton candy grapes
apparently the bag of grapes your kind
can you don't like shut the F up there's
no way these taping okay if you guys are
life I eat this great but doesn't just
like a shower so this is but this is the
grape you absolutely I'm fine oh my
goodness okay this better be the best
cat damn great I need you to help you no
reason you got cotton candy because what
the hell right oh how possible how can
you make grape season cotton and they
really do taste like I am sure did you
know about this am i a moron
did you know what I did not did you know
about this no yeah
did you know Polly have you had a grape
do you know do you know there's guy
candy we're getting it get over here
exactly oh my god I'm sure pop one of
these grapes barely there cotton candy
grapes take a break take a grade
my mind is we could end the vlog here I
have my segment I have my title amp I
thought no this is ridiculous
how is this possible oh my god I'm sure
I'm taking a nap this is too much for me
my mind is blown check out mine you sure
you like my new shirt yeah girl when
should you close my class maybe they'll
give you a toy later on we'll see see
how it goes maybe that's my segment
today in fact I just concluded that
that's doing my segment cuz I got some
cute you can here's the mission for
today's meeting call did those both
gaming leaving then having memorized
size after recording audition tape at
least my fortnight video is extra it's
gonna be a great day it is beautiful hot
and sunny here in LA how does it where
you are let me know let's do it
is it a long time since I've worked in
an office so something I completely
forgot about is like rush hour so every
time I'm leaving them at times as close
five is close by that I sit in traffic
I'm like this is a thing I think working
from home I forgot that was a thing but
it's nothing release the fortnight video
I'm so happy with it I love it so so
much I hope you like it as well as down
below in the description like if you
don't know anything about fortnight I
still hope you enjoy thank you for
letting me try out creative stuff and
being so supportive you you'll fight
there you me you wanna that's now
let's head home I need to practice those
are dishes size and then record and
there's still so much work to do
alright something I've seen a lot on but
if you people ask me for a closet or
looks like boggles my mind I feel like
you've seen my closet a million times
maybe you haven't had like a detailed
tour so welcome to my closet tour enter
it's not as big in fact with other
people like rose closet is amazing I
could live in ROS closet but this is my
closet Wow let me give you a tour
coolest part my closet is it has these
little things that pull they don't know
which are great because then I don't
actually put clothes away I'm like I
cleaned all of these are pants the
reason they're here is because my pants
rack over here is full and it comes out
like that first of all my closet was
custom design oh my god first real
problem my closet was a custom designed
I'm such a douchebag but these hangers
they put an 8 I ordered 12 more guess
how much they're worth like a hundred
and twenty dollars for some mud effing
hangers are you dirt that's why I refuse
to buy more there's over there but these
are my three pants racks
they're quite tall not a problem shadi
cuz over
here I have a step stool so we're gonna
go back over here you might be wondering
why there's a pile of clothes right
there so the story is I had a hook it
used to be there and then it fell and I
never fixed it so it's there just up
here we have like the funkier pant right
like I try to go if you want to know
camel you don't want to be seeing you I
can't fly no john cena you can't see me
right there
got some LELO's got some start hands
with puppy I mean come on a lot of this
is Hayley that designer from Toronto I
really like you want some stripes -
anything you want the funky pant area
it's at the top because like they're not
as often used like I'm not gonna rock
these every day I do I might you never
know okay here we got what is supposed
to be jeans but jeans head I've so many
jeans I gotta get me a needle it over
fly so here we got some jeans denim
option here is supposed to be like the
dressier pants but again jeans we got
jeans up in here
dress your pants boom boom boom my
closet is divided very sophisticated Lee
is that a word here we have jackets so
technically everything in my closet is
color-coordinated technically but I have
little subcategories that are not so if
you ask me where something is I don't
know exactly where it is my closet if
I'm downstairs I'll be out walk straight
go to the left there's a section there
read section we'll be like I will tell
you exactly or something here's our
jackets we got the denim jackets the
black jackets one of my favorite jackets
is this adidas jacket right here put
that back yeah this jacket right here is
another one my favorites and someone got
it from me Singapore I see you you got
me this boss jacket thank you very much
I love it
now we go cruise down here oh my god
it's so cold in LA - is frozen whatever
do I do we got fall sleeve sweater
hoodies here I'm talking a feminist AF
we got it's chilly my nips oh my god I'm
feminist ah it's a whole vibe oh mercy
back on wide say what losing calm say
what we have scar brother dog right here
part of the closet tour good job buddy
here is where we have and this is the
hardest thing in my life because I mean
I am stupid I organized my closet
literally according to tomboy and girly
that's a real thing that I do issue is
I'm such a tomboy that is Tom Brody is
like so this is a tomboy sections
divided by color
the black teeth no long sleeves why
wrong section okay we got the Black team
you going to the denims here the jerseys
all the stuff now you might be wondering
what is all this you should be in rape
this is not color coded this is my easy
access merch area I have a merch section
of my closet well I'm feeling like yo I
want to rent my merch I know exactly
which will be there also what's that
over dishonor you know comic plans or
flannels or also in a section it's very
specific oh it's not color-coded why
because this is the plaid flannel
section don't be confused crews over
here boss close business calls lasers
all the stuff you see all my Blazers and
suits are here down here is girly
clothes including lousy some dresses all
that other stuff it's just it's really
organized I've been told that I have a
lot of shoes I don't know that's true
anyways let me show you all my shoes I
mean I do I really have that many shoes
because I feel like people have more
shoes I feel like I have like three
three or four pairs of shoes I need
three or four pairs like I need one
basic line in a black and I need a basic
sandal that's pretty much it I feel like
everyone has that people are just hating
on me cuz they're haters and they're
racist my shoes aren't as organized
which honestly it keeps me up at night
sometimes I'm like I need a step stool
once again we got everything from like
the shoes I wore in Fan Fest YouTube
FanFest in India when I was dying of my
fever I was wearing these shoes right
here booty as you can see I'm also
running out of space which is so stupid
cuz I don't have that me shoes these
boots right here they're crusty I'm not
stupid I see they're crusty my mom hates
these boots she hates these booth as
much as she hated that fake nose ring
from Mother blog that's what I got it
don't be mad it's not this don't worry
every time I wear these boots my mom
freaking gets bucked off me the boot
that's so ugly and dirty the reason I
don't is because they're really good
costume boots I wore them in the
fortnight video and they're just a good
military costume and I love them and I
don't care and I'm gonna we got a little
shine here he'll remember having I mean
I'm gonna fall on my face that's never
gonna happen let's talk about the
sneakers okay and we love these ones it
says run the other one
while I'm a platform but for some reason
I fall every time I wear them like I
trip on my I don't know what it is I'm
just walking the I'm just on the floor I
still wear them sometimes only when
there's guys we got the basic white
chucks you know I'm seeing shoes I wore
during my fantastic beasts torrid video
these shoes I love they're too big for
me so I can't really wear them so I just
hold them here is the place holder and
tell my feet grow into them which I'm
sure is gonna happen these are from my
belief Pharrell's line with Adidas boom
boom boom little better a little bit of
this and I think the other one has a
different design love girl power also if
you'll see brand new soles never worn up
power if I walk into a meeting and I'm
wearing this shoe you telling me you're
not gonna sign the deal that's a lie
look at this shoe this is the business
shoe I are these laces so long that's
why I haven't won the laces are too long
this was still got the tag on it
okay these are one of my favorite shoes
sandy got them for me or the Nike shoes
but they say the force is female and
they're like a super feminist shoe so
it's super cool I like these a lot I got
from the West you know these are from
the website called ASOS not a brand deal
hashtag no ad but I get a lot of my
shoes from there these cool ones are
from there I've worn these as you can
see last you wanna show you is really
special this was during my trip to Spain
with my parents these are hand-painted
shoes so it says I picked flowers just
for you connect like together like a
girl and boy so they're hand-painted and
really cute I'm not gonna lie they're a
little small and my toes really really
hurt but I got them anyways those are
really cute Scarborough are you peeing
on my robe what're you doing I am
watching you up here we go there's more
there's more what the hell is this okay
I don't even remember ever I've never
seen this shoe in my life I've never
seen this shoe some hat I'll tell you
what I do a lot in my closet I know the
school's right there I'm too lazy to
move that stool over here so I'm gonna
go
this is Scarborough section of my closet
right here I mean this one is
Salinas Coach bag that she sent to me
with a note and when I saw her last I
was like oh Selena thank you so much for
saying the bag or I don't know if like
your team did it and she said my team
did not do it I did it that's how I work
so she could verified that she sent it
with the note and I was that girl so
this is the Selena bang essays all the
way up here where no one can touch
and no one can interfere as well so Kate
Spade bags that concludes my closet tour
I hope you're inspired to really do
nothing because this was useless but I
hope you liked it I know that's done I
need to memorize this I'd ask me my
effing tripod just broke again in my new
camera dropped back but record my dishes
supporting my dish and take nada reset
all of these lights honestly was so hard
when they asked for like a full-body
slate which means we need to see your
full body in the spray room like I don't
have that much space in front of a white
wall the studio I mean it is my videos
but not a full bodies name we're all
white llama all my walls are this in
that confessional can I do that can I
can I do that you're gonna beg excuse me
we're not interested in you we'd like to
cast your wallpaper get 20 full I was
anymore I was with you yo thank you for
joining me at my blog I think it's been
a long when you got a closet or you got
a little better cotton candy grapes I
mean what did you not get in today's
look make sure you subscribe if you
haven't yet but yo this is what happens
if you're new to this channel I tally up
all my few brand new tally up all my
points and try to kill it your way I
can't do this yet
fermer la bouche give me the points but
I'm not done yet that'll do
mm oh I'm sure he's nothing exciting
make sure you hear to find out what
you
