I really don't know why but for some
reason more so this year than ever
before I've been thinking about the
question what really matters what in
life truly matters there are a lot of
things that I personally do that I feel
like have weight to my life but then
when I step back and really analyze them
they don't seem like they do the more
you do something or if you've done
something for so long I think eventually
you just keep doing it but you forget
why you're doing it in the first place
or you see everyone else doing something
so you start doing it too but then you
stop for a moment and you pause and you
think why am I doing this do I even care
about this does this have any
significance to me I feel like I left my
channel for a moment on a season finale
cliffhanger that everyone had mixed
emotions about I made a video about my
house getting broken into and then I
just casually disappeared for five to
six weeks and as time clicked on I
started getting really anxious because I
started thinking oh no the more I wait
the more I have to make some big
significant video that really justifies
all this time that I've been taking and
that stress would build towards a
weekend because normally I film my
videos on a weekend and then I upload
them on a Monday and then it would build
up but I couldn't think of anything that
would justify my time away so then I
just wouldn't make anything classic
overthinking but I realized that I I had
been doing so many things that really
mattered to me in that time away that
may not matter at all to anybody else
I went on a little road trip by myself I
drove five hours Lord I stayed by this
seat I read two books I was there for
like four days and when time runs in the
woods it was amazing and then in the
middle of one of those really stressful
periods I'm like screw it I'm gonna go
home and surprise my mom for her
birthday and throw her a surprise party
which the surprise party wasn't thrown
and like a couple days me my sister and
my dad had already been thinking about
it for weeks before that but I was like
screw it I'm gonna go home and could I
do it so I went home for only 48 hours
and I spent time with my mom and my dad
and my sister and it was just really
nice for me the peak of small-town
brilliance is sitting on your back porch
watching the Sun go down drinking a beer
that fully encompasses quiet Midwestern
perfection to me I finally after months
got to photograph some people again
because I've been really wanting to
photograph people but I just haven't
done it and finally I did it again and
it was nice and it was really creatively
rejuvenating just like all these other
things that seemed seemingly unimportant
or somewhat normal
really really mattered to me they along
with going to a friend's house and
playing video games
designing a new website staying out too
late on a Friday night running 16 miles
the other day I'm done 16 miles I did it
that's amazing
all of those things that I've been doing
over the past month they all really
matter to me and I somehow tricks myself
into thinking that everything I have
been doing didn't matter and I don't
really know how I got there I don't
remember if I read this somewhere or I
thought it up myself let's let's pretend
that I thought it up myself
but it goes something like everything
matters but so does nothing which if you
try and think that through your mind
might just kind of implode or turn into
a scrambled egg we can go through life
every day and say that nothing matters
or you can go through life every day and
say that everything matters and you're
right no matter what people can try and
convince you one way is right but
technically both are it's all a game of
perspective here because everything does
matter but also nothing does matter do
you see what I mean here it's really
hard to explain
so yeah for a while there I was in a
phase where I wasn't necessarily
convinced that nothing mattered but I
was very much questioning what did
matter and I still AM
classic over-thinker does that make
sense does anything make sense can I can
I can I find the sense I know are you
thanks for watching if you want to see
me more than once every six weeks go
follow my Instagram or my Twitter it's
just at Connor Franta if you enjoyed
this video click the like button and
click the subscribe button and the
stupid Bell I guess oh yeah thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time
