baby I love you hey what's up you guys
I'm here with Gianna JC do you remember
that hopefully all right whole thing on
my channel though yeah with me you and
Ricky and Julian JC just us three - no
this is the first time there's a first
for everything and what are we doing
today
this is already okay so I've seen a
couple youtubers do this and I've tried
these a long-ass time ago but they're
basically called miracle babies babies
miracle berries yes a piece of David so
okay so essentially there are these
pills that you eat and it changes your
taste buds and when you eat things they
taste completely different so I think we
just keep the pill and then you taste
things that's what we're gonna do
I say we eat four pills each no I'll
have JC and I have tried these a long
time ago but Ian's never tried and he's
terrified yes I was texting last night
in Greece just like are these sage are
these doctor directly recommended who
would make this it's a berry in a pill
form then it is all on your own tongue
right okay go sorry so this is the doing
drugs challenge area doing jugs city up
the pills it smells kind of good it's a
very it's a very from Africa I never
thought I'd do jugs of Connor Francis
nope I'm a good kid okay so just finish
off this what's going on do you want to
get like all your taste buds I'm just so
fucking scared it's me dr. moon and now
create and enjoy new experiences I love
art I know there's a warning don't choke
on it warning may cause cancer
last person does all their Hill jumps on
the pool table oh there's no protein in
this damn it I still really big my food
thank you okay I'm good okay ready okay
lemon take a bite of it it's sweet
that's just like lemonade sure it's good
it's a big bite out of it once it's my
drama in my mouth it tastes like fucking
wait should we eat let's eat hey yeah
let's try and eat vinegar hey guys we're
gonna try to eat vinegar for this video
pick things apart eyes are like wine
it's red wine vinegar he and you're too
young get out of here okay ready go
they're really wanting it it's really
sweet it's like really really sweet it's
maybe my stomach tomato though it tastes
very very shit but that's really sweet
yeah mine mine tastes like a tomato but
it tastes like I want to change my gums
yeah like some pork sugar on there
something no it tastes sweet then it
tastes like a tomato
do you like the man yeah I like tomatoes
when it's in a sandwich or burger salad
I like long walks on the beach the thing
that's weird in the park is that on the
stream I'm reading the cream cheese no
Turkey I don't think she's gonna hey you
like we need to see this part or growl
around she like yawn
but why did it pay some hour eat it I
get that kind of taste like if they
shower there's a big huge cheese
frosting I was like sweet but still
cream cheese yeah might be there my face
is sour and bugging but it's like I
ain't a bun right there do you have to
like really like grow it in tasty ways
like you're right you'll rub it on your
tongue I'm not trying to muster that's
fucking shit that's why the onion
I don't like mustard
it's so sweet whoa it's so tall well
that's so weird
I ain't mine to fight yeah all sigh the
following are good put slime to wash it
down right there whoa laughs it tastes
sweet like a sweet um mmm like a very
sweet orange it's not taste like a boy
at all it tastes like a lemon if you
want tea with sugar just hop on those
pills you like oh wait try the hot sauce
tastes like shit no taste sweet tastes
sweet but it tastes like shit
oh it hurts when it goes down low it
tastes good probably 10 tastes like
honey was rubbed all over it's funny
Brooke oh it tastes like Turkey I mean
it's funny how honey roasted
ah I don't think the Buster's gonna do
anything it probably tastes like mustard
like tongue hurt that much I know yeah
you're like birds
oh hey Oh like this okay for someone who
is a fucking oyster grammatic it's very
sweet I like this right want to hit your
throat though it's I'm here
why doesn't make everything sweet is
everything sweet yeah I think that
that's the way every time I got from
this that was trippy Italian or Turkic
20 no okay at first I was like what am I
getting myself into I was - now it's
like a probably gonna fucking die I
taste lemon I was like tastes like a
lemon you know I didn't do I was like
mmm a taste is sweet like squeeze wait I
thought the vinegar was actually good
you guys don't like it mustard and
obviously the mustard was my favorite
too much it was pretty damn good see you
mustard if you enjoyed us eating weird
things give this video yeah give it a
shake and if you also like that we did a
video on my stomach ain't not like the
past hour and don't like it what are we
doing a channel we're Americans that
Shrive foreign food like that like that
like that my kiss secure check that out
make sure to go click their faces or
click the link of the blow on pimples
thanks subscribe do you know JC make
really good videos for me thanks
