hey what's up you guys hair is so
freaking long
I've only been cutting this and this so
this is just like a big poof like a big
pump and cotton ball yeah this is pretty
weird I have not done a Q&A video and
actually months
strange this week I decided to be dr.
jackass Connor and to try to worldwide
you guys have lots of questions comments
and concerns so let's answer them shall
we here we go will this be your first
question yeah explain this please delete
that Helen that's in my past that's the
old me I've changed what's your opinion
on minions you're a minion your owe me
your opinion that's the hardest thing to
say I have no idea how this trend is
still going on end it kill it burn it
with fire what is your favorite thing
you've done this summer I've got a lot
of things this summer but recently I
went to Lollapalooza and that was pretty
fricken fun la loses basically just this
big music festival in Chicago and I got
to see artists like Lanie and Marie and
the Diamonds James Bay Sam Smith I don't
know a lot of my favorites and it was
really fun then I had a really good time
not a question but I think we would
enjoy seeing a day in the life video I
don't know if you would want us to see
that I feel like my like daily life is
not that interesting that's why I don't
daily vlog so um I guess if you guys do
want to see that give this video a
thumbs up and leave something in the
comments my daily life I seriously just
like sleep eat repeat I've never sounded
more like an internet kid in my life I
am so I stole your flannel what are you
gonna do about it I see how it is I see
how it's gonna be
turn on your location and fight me also
PS you look really good what would you
recommend that on with a lock on slash
Connor this month good question Gracie
as you guys know one of my favorite
companies to work with is audible.com
the leading provider of audiobooks with
over 180,000 different titles a lot of
titles and the book that I want to
recommend you guys this week is a girl
on the train I'm just about to start
listening
because I've heard literally everyone in
there freaking mother not there for your
mother and my frickin listening to this
book I hear about it all the time
because I think it came out as similar
time as my book there's just been
everywhere and I've heard a lot about it
so I need to listen to it if you want to
listen to a free copy of that book just
go use my link in the downbar use my
link audible.com slash Connor you get
one free download pretty easy so just go
to audible.com slash Connor download
your book and enjoy freedom book do you
put butter on your pasta that seems very
unnecessary to me know what's your
favorite British slang or word boy mate
last night we had some mad Banta was out
with quicken data okay fucking native
3000 do a cartwheel I think that curve
was very seriously so let's actually try
this certainly have any room here so I'm
so incredibly athletic are you planning
on writing another book soon landing
them getting another haircut student let
me tell you that I will say I'm not
currently writing another book but I
have been getting so many requests to
like that's probably my most requested
thing so I don't know should I like do
you guys want that should I write
another book
such an easy question to say and answer
a lot harder to actually do please talk
about boys and I'm cute there and what
you like about them please hi my name is
Connor and I like boys I like boys I
like boys I like boys boys are human
they the way they like
understand and their voice and just
everything about that here's the cutest
thing on the planet daddy
can you count to ten in German please
science fives there I fear whom seconds
leave an off-night insane
I did it I dare you to call the tenth
person your contact list and start
singing them a song okay and let's try
this let's do this my phone is hot hot
damn
okay the tenth person is conveniently my
best friend not even kidding
only pro voice message you are my fire
the one DZ by Allie let's see what
happens maybe she'll call back that's it
the mop still remains very hot in here I
think I blame the candle pretty
interesting pretty all over the place
video hope you enjoyed it hope you learn
something you guys didn't now I have
lots of things that I'm doing lots of
stuff and all that will be in the
downbar below links things follow me
places I hope you're having a great week
and I'm gonna see you guys later so if
you enjoyed this video make sure to pick
one of these like one of those click
Subscribe
