hey what's up guys thanks table so this
week like most weeks I was just browsing
the internet I was just searching around
on things on YouTube trying to find some
video ideas and I can't remember but I
came across some ones tagged with like a
million freaking questions in the
description and it gave me this idea and
I do not know if this is already a thing
but if it isn't I'm gonna make it a
thing this is the fat type of person tag
I think this is already a thing like I'm
definitely sure this is already a thing
but regardless I've compiled around 35
different questions that are going to
show you guys what type of person I am
neat it's just like a lot of simple
questions that nobody really tends to
ask people but I can really tell you
what type of person that person is blah
blah okay I think you get it so cute we
go breakfast lunch or dinner breakfast
after you eat your bowl of cereal do you
drink the milk yo when you drive do you
listen to CDs the radio or your phone my
phone nine times out of ten I'm always
listening to Spotify are you a window
person or an aisle person it depends if
it's shorter flights I'm definitely a
window person I love the view but if
it's a long flight I am an aisle person
because I have to pee a lot fold or
crumple crumple who would sign a bowl
shampoo the body washes body wash then
shampoo shampoo then body wash yeah
are you typically stressed or relaxed
stressed I'm usually stresses patient or
impatient definitely impatient do you
like to have a schedule or anymore go
with the flow schedule do you have a
sound like a person you definitely don't
hang out with and you're a kid what did
you want to be when you grow up I always
wanted to be a doctor and I think that's
because my dad is about prankster or not
not I cannot bring people because once I
do it I feel so bad dressed up
dressed down somewhere in the middle I
like both favorite article of clothing
sweaters if you can play an instrument
what would you play well aside from the
fact that I'm musically declined if I
could I would love to play the car look
at me so fond east coast or west coast
west coast I think I'm cool but this
looks nothing like a WRC West Coast
London or la la for living because the
weather's really nice but London for
visiting because the UK is just great
for sightseeing favourite holiday
Christmas I love Christmas how big is
your bed Queen do you sleep with the
doors open or closed hello is I have to
sleep with all my doors closed otherwise
I get super paranoid and freak down the
middle of the night do you sleep with
your sheets tucked in or out the thought
of sleeping with your sheets tucked in
is really nice but I'm Way too lazy and
everything just kind of goes everywhere
have you ever stolen anything I mean
like a piece of candy when I was younger
but not really I'm good kid I am a good
person
tattoos or piercings neither my body is
clean do you smile in every photo yeah
pretty much either that right smirk
have you ever peed in the woods I have
shit in the woods literally multiple
times concert or theme park difficult
but I'm gonna say concert music or books
not difficult music unless it's my book
animated or reality guilty-pleasure
reality letter or email send emails
receive letters what was your first
concert it's embarrassing but I
literally think it was 303 a moment of
silence for that do you want a record
player yamp that puppy's right over
there
you speak any different languages si
hablo espanol uma gay oh sweet or savory
savory 100% I love solving things can
you curl your tongue mm-hmm can you
touch the tip of your tongue to your
nose can you whistle have you ever won a
spelling me I highly doubt it
I remember one spelling bee I got out of
my spelling queen qw een it's my life do
you believe in ghosts kind of not really
do you believe in aliens a little more
kind of
a little not really okay you guys that's
it so I hope that by these answers you
learned a little bit more about me and
the type of person that I am if you did
cool if you did it try again next week
so if this is in fact a tag video I
tagged every single one of you answer
these questions maybe even in the
comments below because I want to learn a
little more about you guys sign up again
I didn't back to write a book and if
you'd like to purchase that book go to
work in progress by Connor comm but yeah
that's actually it so um if you did
enjoy this video make sure the big
thumbs up
