ignore the fact that I look like I just
woke up because I just woke up also
ignore the fact that I painted something
I have in my own wall also ignore the
fact that my voice is that I drank last
night what up
yes my first physical copies of my book
just arrived Saturday 11:23 a.m. and I'm
so excited to see like my first physical
copy so I'm gonna open it quickly on
camera oh my god oh it's so beautiful
look at you can't see this because this
webcam is literally a potato but hard
cover foil in embossed can you see and
then like glossy photo look at her look
at her oh my god so beautiful it's so
clean
like look how clean and like oh god
that's gonna stand out there goes
lightning that's gonna stand out so much
when it's sitting a little bookshelf
like oh my god and like look at the
inside too oh I'm dead I am rot me rot
me it's so pretty and like the inside
pages - this is the paper I wanted
literally down to the paper I wanted
everything it's so damn pretty someone
else is here the drama
okay well that was that was that I gotta
go answer my door that was that oh I'm
so excited
I had to share this moment recorded
you
