okay yeah okay hey what's up you guys
it's Connor and today I'm here with
whatever one's a girl superwoman so
today I am here with Lilly aka
superwoman on YouTube I'm fantastic
oh what a connor franta reference so
much there are tears so Lilly is in Los
Angeles right now but where are you from
explains I'm from Toronto the land of
the cold when I left my front door was
frozen and now I'm chilling with the
palm trees actually though my mom but
today we want to do a little clap and
we're gonna do if you do about types of
girls and types of guys on the Internet
everyone can relate a very wide we're
gonna divide out a bunch of categories
and just talk crap about everyone so
everyone gets equal amount of yeah just
just watch shade I miss my ears or
they're like Jay everyone is shady on
the Internet everyone but I think
specifically a lot of girls are shady on
the other would you agree or disagree I
unfortunately agree okay so I'm not
gonna name names or anything but Tiffany
is such a bitch yeah on the opposite end
rude douchebags
why does it always meet you maybe it's
true no but I think that's more guys
anything you tweet I'm having a great
day No
oh my god I'm having such a nice day
tweet go die well I mean I got a new
puppy it was a really good day no but um
the Sun is out it's shining so it's
really nice
you're stupid and this Instagram people
edit their pictures we can't even
recognize their face and unfortunately
it's usually the woman's face tune it up
like even good ooh selfie okay so let's
see here I need to up the exposure to
hide my flaws make it black on white
twisting very classy Oh add a border and
finally blur out everything else so my
cleavage pops yeah deep captions there
are always guys and girls who do deep
captions but I think it's more guys
reach for the stars because if you miss
you're still 9 on the mean but you know
everyone on instagram with the sub
became queen but actually oh my god such
a perfect place for selfie a rose oh
we're gonna I'm so dope oh my god rock
YouTube and haters haters and YouTube I
don't know anything about YouTube I get
the type of pagers where I'll make a
video that could be intelligent it could
be serious it'll be very meaningful and
then it'll be a whole bunch of comments
um guys that say nice boobs
you know Mike thanks okay hey with it
because it's Tiffany Oh what's up fun
thing today I need to talk to you about
a very important issue what you want to
talk to me about huh equality I think
it's very important I think everyone is
equal men women race gender ethnicity
were all equal its equality we're equal
less talking more boobs and I should be
respected as a woman the woman in
America
boobs freedom when do you when or when
am I seeing the boobs but yeah that's
all I want to talk to you about today so
stay beautiful lying the same thing if I
may have had like work really really
hard on the video it sounded really a
hater this is kind of a transition or
the next one but I hate when I work
really hard to video and all the
comments are just like you're really
attractive oh your life is oh those
jerks that tell you you're a tracking
home how dare think it's about the
content hey what's up you guys
oh he's scared so I worked really hard
on today's video
beautiful and I really want you to
listen to the message take your shirt
off just take it off because it's really
really important to take it off all
right
Facebook I'm mr. creative the girls your
Facebook profile picture is the first
thing people say you wouldn't make it
represent you so don't be standing there
all Annoying all edited just like no
nose
creepy requests do you get this I get
this all the time people that you've
either never met or you've met for like
two seconds fill immediate request
you're on Facebook or they'll just
somehow end up in your apartment Tiffany
Wilson request request poke poke i'ma
play farmville with you this is the one
I thought of secret sexual blogs with
claps in between there's a lot of people
on tumblr that have secret blogs they
don't want anyone in their real life to
know about it's because they're like
really explicit you don't know much
about this design you need to get all
this get into the tumblr world maybe
they're all my accounts and I'm just
pretending I tell people that do the
anonymous asks and they just say oh
hello are you one thing you sing with me
I'm gonna check my asks anonymous says
hey pretty lady
you want to do the kissing huh you know
I don't even know you maybe your tongue
on to handshake my tongue huh what'd you
say what no no no oh come on baby please
oh okay
the internet is full of the most diverse
group of people like a whole world wide
web it really is yeah that makes sense
I know right hmm okay but I think that
is all for this video did you have fun
today I had a blast of course thanks for
being on my channel
did you guys enjoyed this video make
sure the big thumbs up and leave a
comment below what are some other types
of people on the internet that we missed
and if you did enjoy the video make sure
to go check out the one on the news
channel Lily what is your video about my
video is about if my brain were a person
and that person would be me Connor
Franta make sure you take that out on my
channel and while you're there make sure
subscribe like our video all that stuff
oh my god Harry Styles online Harry
Pfohl anyone here you follow me - Harry
follow me three go bro like I'm not that
big a fan of yours if you follow me
that's kind of cool here I mean you
follow me you want to follow me what's
up I'll be five whatever but like if you
want to follow me what everyone oh
that's ok because it's on my garage yeah
here we are
