hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
Tyler and Tyler hi can I just say first
of all we are freaking out slightly
because we just filmed Tyler's video and
it was probably the scariest thing that
I've ever done it was this Gary you know
some time you were there with me
this view was freaking out more than I
was I was like it was so good we'll talk
about that video later it was terrifying
so now we need to do something that's
fun money and calming me relaxing I'm
gonna cute like the music I feel loopy
right now because I'm so that's gonna
get shot that's good but okay so fun
game I thought so I know I always yell
so he's like it like that far away so
we're like hello the game we were doing
today is we are playing the marry kill
mm-hmm can I just say this was a long
time coming this collaboration I've been
waiting for this all my life I learned I
where we meet how long we did I'm
friends with a lot of gays in the
internet this story and all of them are
like what's the scoop about Connor
Franta everybody's in love with him now
you know no but yeah did we meet a
playlist probably the game we were
playing today is Mikkel and the rules
are it has to be mixed genders and mixed
between YouTube's and celebrities a
little twist is you're gonna add two
nonhumans to like animals Miley Cyrus
and then one object pick them at random
and say what we would do to them looks
to it so we must Funko youtubers
that's great is you okay this weight is
you okay after that video after that
video he just something you just thrown
you what are you smiling are you nervous
there's a camera my Miranda impression
is always like also slightly Russian
yeah now I can't do it
you say my friends if I don't know all
your friends get there are you doing
youtubers stuff no I've been doing
YouTube no random-ass I've already done
my object to my animals oh oh
slow down is so down the wall gasps OH
bow down sound like okay wait are you in
the wait look good
hey y'all I look fantastic as let's do
this let's do this we're pulling if you
can pick the first three who Robert
Downey jr. it's off to a great start
oh you didn't already I know who it is
Iron Man Whoopi Goldberg kill Robert
Downey what by Mary Whoopi in an Zak
that was the easiest thing I've ever
done and I know you'd pick the same no
he had my favorite actor I have to yeah
he's my favorite actor are you gonna
marry or kill Whoopi I feel like I'm
obligated
you can't kill what we she is an e got
holder she has an Emmy Grammy Oscar and
a no shit yeah I'm gonna marry ya by
Zack
that's none of the above Zac Efron
really exacts father in gingka bastard
that's your app things I can't say in a
kind of friendship video cuz my mom
watches lives I know wait I love your
video with your parents but yeah yeah
that's what inspired me to do my video
with my parents I made my mom watch it
first I was like this is how you have to
act be a human okay
Troye Sivan yourself and then Lady gaga
ooh this is a good trio this is
difficult
have you ever heard the term that
everyone wants to fall comes I will kiss
I would myself I feel like yeah don't
you want to like just see how it is but
I would also want to admit like Lady
gaga I feel like she'd be crazy again
everyone's gonna hate me cuz I might
kill hey I have to kill Lady Gaga in
this situation because like the Gaga
like I am I am you can't be the person
who killed Gaga which is it public no no
okay Jack and Finn grace which grace
I'll take yourself or a cup of coffee oh
my god I'm not surprised if there's one
person in the world who would a cup of
coffee it would be you I'm Jack and Finn
y'all know me and I'm Mary grace of
course I'm Mary Grace so we don't get a
cup of coffee so I feel bad because you
have to but you think of it this way if
you kill Jack and Finn that's a double
homicide I'm gonna kill night my Queen
grace ain't ya you're killing grace okay
fine now I'm gonna kill the cup of
coffee you make me do it you do you I
miss conversely if it was beautiful
I killed the coffee no don't lie you're
gonna that's a good answer yeah
Amir come here Nathan rickey dillion Oh
Ricky Ricky Billy okay W and Emma Watson
see this is the hard part you wanna fuck
or marry if you person you find
attractive cuz if you marry them you
gonna her but she's got a good
personality doesn't she
I'm gonna marry Wow eager not gonna
marry rickey dillion imma kill Ricky
whatever you kill him mirror that's
seven years bad luck
13 years bad luck yes madam peeler Ricky
it's just because I was thinking about
killing Ricky and how I would do it I'd
smash a mirror on this out destroy a
mirror
this is getting too sexual for my
audience I can't I can't them I would
I'd kill the mirror Oh Mary I would
marry Ricky I forget what I'm doing have
you decided
come on Simon Cowell anyway Oh get it in
jennamarbles i'm jenna Marbles wouldn't
she be fine I could see that yeah okay
we're buddy what you're killing Simon
we're both killing Simon I didn't pick
the same thing both gonna bet marry
buddy I'm married Betty okay I'm
marrying Betty stop Ryan Higa oh my god
you know he's might he was my first
YouTube crush he does things to me Oh
tarantula so wait this is this is by far
the worst bunch we've gotten I would
Ryan Higa I think we've made that pretty
cool would you what are your options
oh my god I'm gonna bid you're on the
wall marry Ryan and kill the tree I'm
can we kill the tarantula this yes we
have to after what we just did we I just
filmed a piece of paper with Serato you
tried so hard sports sports I guess I
would marry the deer on the wall already
I do
we're basically married it's always
horny you absolutely not okay I think
that's good that was fun
I think we figured out that I would have
the same taste like it had been objects
apparently and you would like a cup of
coffee surprising you are into it all
even if it doesn't move ah
so I hope you guys enjoyed this week's
video if you did make sure every two big
you were gonna say I think this should
be Connors most thumbed up video of all
time I think I think
can we can we do it do it do it just do
it we want to play fuck marry kill with
you so I want you guys to leave a
comment below who would you marry kill
Tyler oh no ma'am that lamp is looking
good the more I look at that lamp I'm
like girl yes if you did enjoy this
video we did a similar one not even
close not even close to similar we did
another one on Tyler's channel what did
we do we also did on my channel
something we made up called the
tarantula challenge and we have six real
live huge tarantulas crawling on our
body it was just a mess we were
screaming if you're afraid of spiders
just go to watch it because it's pretty
funny cuz we both are careful it was the
most terrifying thing I've ever done
this yeah but if you want to watch this
free go clicked outer space and click
the first link in the downbar and go
watch the video and subscribe
awesome god bless thank you so much
Connor okay
but other than that
I look fantastic as
