one of the best pieces of advice I have
ever received is to love yourself I know
it's really selfish but it's necessary I
mean how can you expect someone to love
you or even the world to accept you if
you yourself don't love you loving
yourself means looking at the type of
person you are and the person you want
to be your strengths your weaknesses and
just everything that makes you who you
are and loving everything about yourself
what you're good at what you're not good
at your strengths your weaknesses just
every little thing about yourself you
have to learn to love yourself because
the moment you enter into a relationship
with anyone it can be friends a
significant other or even family the
moment you enter into a relationship and
you don't love yourself you're going to
get lost in the other person you're
going to end up trying to be like the
other person they're trying to make the
other person happy by making yourself
more into them because you forgot the
most fundamental thing you forgot to
love yourself and a lot of people don't
realize this but loving yourself is the
most important thing you can do not just
for you but for other people because if
you don't love yourself if you don't
know what you want for yourself then
what other people try to love you
they're not gone
they're not going to understand how to
do it exactly because you yourself can't
even tell them how you want to be loved
trust me there's no one else in this
world who wouldn't know how you would
like to be loved but
so really take the time to think about
you and find a way to love yourself no
matter who you are no matter what you do
just find a way to really love yourself
I know it's hard
I mean it even took me years to really
fully love myself it's hard but it's
very possible and once you reach that
the goal of actually really fully loving
yourself in the way that you always knew
you wanted to be loved then everything
else comes easier when someone new comes
into your life it's easier for you to
really get a loving relationship from
that because you know who you are you
love everything about yourself so being
an ER elationship becomes more of a
partnership and not just you adopting
what this other person does or in the
lifestyle of this other person you
become strong as an individual and then
that's when you add value to the person
you're actually with so take it from me
love yourself because no one else in
this world will know how to love you the
way you want to be loved
