let's talk about failure
I love failure I have failed so many
times in my life I've actually lost
count of how many times I've actually
failed in life but you know what a
failure is necessary especially if you
want to grow as a person and really
progress in life I mean it's impossible
for someone to win at everything I mean
you can't expect one person to be good
at every single thing I'm not telling
you to aim to fail or anything but I'm
just saying that if you do everything
you can if you do anything humanly
possible to win and in the end you still
lose you know what and that's okay it's
just learn from it pick yourself up and
just go on with your life and just keep
keep on trying because that's the most
important thing I think that's the best
thing I learned from failure to never
stop trying one of the most defining
moments of my life was actually when I
was on I am Meg basically I am I guess
the show on etc' were in contestants get
eliminated per episode based on
different challenges so I was eliminated
on Episode six on a hosting challenge
that's right I was eliminated on a
hosting challenge I bombed so bad I had
like a brain fart or something I just I
didn't even host during the challenge
itself I just I froze and I didn't do
anything and I had no idea what happened
and I didn't know what to do and then I
was eliminated that destroyed me it just
that hit me hard I didn't know what to
do I was just so sad I I didn't know
what to do next so I was so sad for for
a while and
I finally snapped out of it and I told
myself what the are you doing why
are you letting this one thing making
such a negative person and then that's
what I realized that you should never do
that he should never let failure make
you negative and you should never let
failure drag you down because that's
just not gonna help you become the best
person you can possibly be so you know
what I ended up doing I ended up taking
from that experience and I ended up
literally laying I just did everything I
could to become the best host possible
and now I am happy to say that I am
absolutely a professional host I post
more lifestyle events and my corporate
clients include smart Isuzu well chests
welcome so all these other brands and I
am so happy and blessed that this is my
job now and this is something that I
actually enjoy doing and that's what I
do with my life so no I am the type of
person who gets to wake up every single
day doing exactly what I want I spend
every waking moment of my life doing
only what I want and isn't that
something you want for yourself too
and you know what thinking about it I
got here your failure without failure I
would have learned everything I learn
from this point so I didn't even learn
from school or from you know workshops
or anything like that
failure taught me everything it just it
just moved me into what I am today
I learned so much by failing and failing
over and over again failure made me who
I am today and I wouldn't have it any
other way
