let's start this home video hello my
lovelies that's addy here welcome back
to my channel so today I'm gonna be
doing another diverse are you home for
you guys I know you guys love it when I
do Divisoria haul so I'm gonna be doing
another one for you guys right now
before we get into the video don't
forget to subscribe to my channel so you
can become one of my lovelies I did a
little Christmas shopping and I hope you
guys get awesome gift ideas from this
video without further adieu let's get on
to the video let's start it off with
beauty stuff that I got I got this
eyeshadow palette this one is from M Kay
Cosmetics it is a 12 color eyeshadow
with this utility giant to create the
amazing pink nude you know what I don't
even know I'm reading this this is
called the pro layering eyeshadow
palette I'm after the MK cosmetics or
something I see a lot in the vit√≥ria so
I thought why not try it I mean the
worst that can happen is I get pinkeye
or something anyway so here it is I
actually really love the colors on this
palette and I can't wait to play around
with it and I can't wait to let you guys
know if buying makeup from the Miss
Orias after you birth it that's actually
why I bought this in the first place
because I wanted to test it out and to
let you guys know actually show you guys
through a video how this performs and if
anything bad happens I've already bought
makeup brushes makeup sponges and
they've worked wonders for me so I just
want to step it up a bit and try out
something else I know this is riskier to
try on because this goes on my eyes but
I'm game if you guys are this eyeshadow
palette I actually got for 70 pesos can
you believe it this 12 color eyeshadow
palette 70 pesos I also got this dove
facial cleansing wipes so there's
actually a lot of these in the Soria so
this is also something I'm trying out I
have
we have tried this out before but I
don't remember if I liked it or not I'm
going to try it again so these are
Fishman cleansing wipes that I got 44100
I actually gave away the others I think
to rounder people and I have with one I
also got these makeup brush sets first
of all they're very beautiful so I got a
basic white and gold set right here this
is actually a kabuki brush set so it has
a mix of big fluffy brushes and smaller
more precise brushes which I think it's
a great starter kit for brushes and here
I have this diam one's looking ombre
brush that actually I just got this
because of the colors I love purple and
I love how this one goes from purple to
blue to light blue to gold and it's just
so beautiful so I was super excited to
try this out as well both of these I
actually got for 100 pesos each so I
think that is such a good feel that's a
dream you're getting I think this is 10
and this one has just 107 but I think
the 30 pesos goes to the prettiness and
intricate Ness of the design of this one
and this one just plain so I think
that's why they're both honored actually
I don't know how they price things but
I'm super happy that I found these
beautiful brush sets for 100 each I also
found this brush it's a professional
careful I don't normally brush my hair
and I thought it would be a good idea to
start so I got this one never tried it
yet but I feel like it would be a good
brush for me so I can twist the ends of
my hair I don't know I don't know what I
was thinking with this one I just always
pull this one actually is 80 pesos I
also got this set of earrings it's
really cute it's um what is this it
looks like a broom yeah I don't know I
find it super cute it's so
fluffy looking so I like this a lot I
actually got this one for 35 pesos so
I'm gonna wear it right now oh look at
that it actually kind of matches my top
I'm super magenta right now I also got
these cute pouches this one is a cape
and this one is ice cream these are a
few coin purses so there's a zipper
right here and there's a zipper right
here so I got these for 45 pesos each I
have more cute items I got these socks
um this one has a burger on it this one
has Donuts cute hearts on it and random
design I don't know it's really cute I
like these I got these for sixty pesos
each I also got all of these necklaces
if you guys can see they're just basic
gold necklaces but they have different
pendants on it like this one for example
it's a ribbon this one is an arrow this
one is the Eiffel Tower
Ashley bought all of these to give us
gifts to my friends so I'm so excited to
show this to them these cost 50 pesos
each check out all my pop sockets so I
got five pop sockets basic black that of
course one in marbles okay we got two
designs so I got a lot of black ones and
I have a marble one the original price
of this is actually 35 pesos but since I
got five pieces I was able to haggle it
down to 25 pesos I also got Irish but I
got a black one a silver one and a grey
one these eye rings actually are cheaper
than the pop sockets which surprised me
by the way because I think these look
better so these irons actually cost me
15 pesos they were originally 30 pesos
but I handled it down to 15 pesos
I absolutely really like this one it not
only comes with an eye ring it even
comes with that hook thing that you
could put on your car and then you can
hang your phone so I think this is a
really good deal I also got all of these
loofas these are all the colors there's
a pink one a white one and a blue one I
super love the colors they're so nice
and soft and they feel really good on
the skin and no I did not buy this for
me
nice because I'm gonna be giving it away
in a gift pack to a bunch of friends I
got these for 10 pesos each and I think
that's such a good deal considering
they're so beautiful and soft and
vibrant and it's just so pretty I don't
think you guys know this but I can
toggle I can I can totally juggle it's
like a aah okay I guess I'm not good at
it I think this is my hidden challenge
it's just maybe I'll work on that I also
got these it's a pair of slip ons with
the max on it it's cute I actually have
this in white I actually got this
because I'm gonna be using this for an
upcoming DIY video that I'm planning to
do so I hope you guys stay tuned for
that one since it is the Christmas
season I decided to get a few things
that would make my room more Christmasy
I got this one these are Christmas
lights I'm super into white so of course
my Christmas lights are pure white
they're not even the you know the yellow
light this is a legit white light it has
to be pretty long so I'm excited to use
this oh it can go in waves sequential
slow glow check oh there are eight
settings I got this set of Christmas
lights for just 100 pesos nothing says
Christmas like Christmas ornaments so
these are actually silver Christmas
balls yeah this is both I got tiny once
and I got bigger ones so there'd be more
dimension to it when I mix them together
finally not quite sure where I'm putting
this yet but let's see how I use these
to make my life more Christmasy this one
costs 100 pesos and this one costs 200
pesos but since I got both of them I was
able to handle it down to 250 pesos I
also got a bunch of paper bags because I
am the laziest person in the world I
know I'm not gonna have any time at all
to wrap any of these gifts are buying so
I'm just gonna shoot them in these paper
bags and you know write on the card that
already comes through the paper bag and
then
these paper bags are actually a set of
12 for 100 pesos I think that's a really
good teal it's less than 10 pesos per
paper bag and goes to the card and it
looks pretty good and I won't spend a
lot of time wrapping gifts so this is a
good idea one of the best Christmas
gifts I guess I found is this one right
here this is actually a set of bags
check it out this is the bag it's just
one of those big leather well it's not
real leather it's synthetic leather but
it's one of those big thoughts you can
just throw stuff into it you know I love
that like these this is the biggest bag
and there's also a little pouch this one
is actually a crossbody bag it comes
with a string so all you have to do is
tie the string on both ends and you have
a crossbody bag but it doesn't end there
there is also a whatever this is I think
it's to hold cards or something yeah I
think this is a wallet of some sort then
it just closes like that which super
cute this entire set costs 200 pesos
can you imagine receiving this as a gift
the gift just never ends you'll find
whoo there's one bag but wait there's
another one and another one and another
one you're just you'll never run out of
bags and it's every type of bag that you
need so you're covered on all fronts the
last thing I got is you guessed it
another bag but this one is actually
more from me it's this really nice and
sleek looking black bag it's access to
material so this material right here is
synthetic leather and this material here
is like a like a raincoat so it's
waterproof it's actually a fake bag it
has Chanel on it I'm just gonna look
past that after you don't like it when
fake bags have designer logos on them I
actually think it destroys the bag like
I think this would have been so much
better if it was just our normal zipper
and the Chanel logo is not embossed here
but you know what that's just me this
bag is a girl
for traveling it even has cute lining
inside it really reminds me of a jacket
or two pockets over here and it has the
zipper pocket right here on the other
side which I love I think all bags
should have that insiders also an extra
pocket here outside yes for this
beautiful bag actually cost me at 200
pesos I got this back from one of those
stores where and when they go on sale
they just put everything on different
piles and then you just look through the
pile that you want to look at and I of
course went for the cheapest pile which
was 200 pesos so that is how I end up
finding this beautiful black Chanel bag
that's it for this haul video I hope you
guys enjoyed it and thank you so so much
for watching and don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe to my channel I'll
see you guys on my next video what
