hey guys today it's gonna be an awesome
day because I'm gonna be shooting a
collab video with this awesome makeup
artist that I met a few weeks ago she's
so amazing at doing makeup so I can't
wait to learn from her and I can't wait
for you guys to meet her we're gonna be
shooting at my place today so I'm gonna
get everything set up before she gets
here this is not a room tour not even a
mini room tour there are so many things
that I still have to fix with my room I
just wanted to show you guys the places
that because possibly today and I'm
really feeling the couch today so I
think that's where I'm gonna set up
everything but yeah stay tuned for my
updated boot or videos earlier super
excited to get started
I do Indian but you want to get another
metal cable so we just finished shooting
video recover Ajay I'm so proud of her I
think she's so lowly breaking into it we
just finished shooting our first video
and it's all about covering up the dark
circles under your eyes
to connect your bellies look at my enjoy
it now and you can just do this in five
easy steps to it stay tuned for that
video we just finished shooting video
number two and it's all about so these
are natural brows I'm super excited to
master this she actually taught me how
to do it on the video so I'm super
excited to put that one out we are
I'll show you guys what happened to my
we are waiting for the SD card - and
Alex and you know and if you guys know
any makeup workshop every showing is the
the projects I'm gonna be doing the DIY
stuff again be doing on my channel I
think I should show you guys awesome
I'm super excited oh my god yeah she's
gonna be the first one who watch these
videos so I have the teacher supply
they're so cute they're baymax but sadly
you won't be baymax for long I bought
some this is black and this one's the
white first um I bought black on a black
white because I wasn't sure which one I
would use for this before picking black
that would look so much better business
yeah - can you just imagine how this
with the place
I'm so excited I've actually been
wanting to buy the first lip odds for a
while now but they can stop shops 16,000
times and then Fela I don't even wanna
know how much they're this extra top
sellers cheaper but this one I got to
reuse is just 200 Texas and the display
350 for a George
this is the most expensive thing I'm
super excited and then we ended up
talking about so now we're gonna go to
DB together
I'm super excited because I'm gonna buy
more like this so I can make it the mine
that's the plan just finished shooting
the last video pulled up you were doing
and it's all about so breakfast look at
my red ball it's from me can you see my
freckles she she drew this one might be
I love it it's like a dream come true
I've always told you guys I super love
this look and if you guys want to know
how to create this look
stay tuned for the tutorial we are done
the shooting that we did three videos
today
I'm so excited to put on these videos
and I hope you up here in my video
that's basically what YouTube is you
just talk to yourself
I'm so tired oh yeah we're gonna plan a
pictorial yes we're gonna do like a
fashion editorial type shoot I'm super
excited because I feel like we haven't
even discussed it yet it's just like up
in the air right now but see what
happens when you just talk to random but
just make sure that they're not psycho
I mean come on because it's it why would
I use make why would I doubt the state
but you know what that isn't secret to
make a really good connection
- I need advantage under but by its
cover but yeah sounds like if you get a
bad guy over if you got a badge you in
don't do it like with good days I felt
none of those I just thought like I feel
like she's a shy person hopefully you
enjoyed this and you can do it again
sometime
and like I hope you like a little bit
sounder try oh I have so much fun
treating this like I didn't so much from
you and I hope you learned also from me
about like you know you in videos and
all that stuff whatever just training
skills right yeah talking is so easy for
me I think I was born yeah we so we're
gonna go get dinner so yeah see you guys
