hey guys what's up is Abby here welcome
back to my channel Thursday I'm cool
what are we doing today I am back with
days because we're going to have another
makeup tutorials we're going to be
learning how to do a natural eyebrows
now this is something I always struggle
with right know that because my left
eyebrow like like - great - scars on it
pretty awful right but you know I can't
do anything about it anymore just got
something there forever but I can fix
them that is what these are going to be
seeking me today so how do we do this we
took we need a brow powder from
Anastasia Beverly fields and it's key
challenge so these are liquid high brow
pen from Cape Alice I've actually never
tried this before so this Anastasia
Beverly Hills brow how your jewel has to
color so it's really dark brown like
that
so besides these products you will also
be using some tools an angled brush for
eyebrows and it's really - what is the
first step
afterwards I have to brush brown so we
use this for me to brush our eyebrow
hairs option to the right so that we get
the right positioning for so where you
think the lighter colors in summer
Howdy's an argument we use the lighter
color for this part this is the inner
pump and then and then for the middle
part you mix both colors and then you
always outline it first and then
so now we're going to be musical is the
paint palette k-palette
okay zero pet I don't know why I keep in
marker in my head does it look like a
marker we're using the darker color
straight to the dark colors just out
like the entire outside listen you don't
even do like it's not like eyeliner what
you do one night motion is a eyeliners
don't do one like really made up yonder
so fire and initiative really countries
a tangled animal slash red hope you if
made of aluminum
what's the lighter shade for exactly
like where deported like that and so you
just put it
around I wish I could do it the bug okay
whoa all right this is my better I'm a
little bit let us see if I can do it
this 3z natural looking eyebrow on the
side of my station if I really learn in
the brush what if I'm a fast learner
all right so I'm going to start it off
with the Anastasia Beverly Hills brow
powder duo and dark brown
okay so first I'm going to take the
lighter color eyes yes the lighter color
with this little bit place
and those are just the angled brush for
your eyebrows so we just put the tip in
the powder mix it and then I'll start in
the inner part of red
careful oh that's going on I know patty
tom is a little like a bad habit I have
that I could do a knife so I have to
draw hair light yes so light
so that was our Cornell for this parting
for the end our night not far too good
yes I don't think the car is such a
problem
so no delay and securities on my screen
oh my gosh I like it what am I going in
your later this is the finished product
you guys these are the natural looking
brows actually be like if this is the
best you know I have to process this but
these are the types of brows I want to
do as you can see my brows look really
good but also natural at the same time
and she even managed to cover my scars
on this eyebrow so I'm really happy
about that
okay there's so much for this I realized
I've been doing it wrong so let us
review the stress on how to create the
natural brow look okay so the first step
is to brush your hair upwards and to the
right so that's the map shows a person
alright we outline it with the light
hair color of the brush so we start from
here and you set yeah and then you go
out so you use the lightest color here
and the middle use both colors and
the end you start to darken so after the
power years you do the quick task force
discourse compositor like action as well
yeah so for infer the little patches on
your row so are the last step is to is
to use the chute representing in liquid
pen for your eyebrows ideally you should
get two colors and are distributed you
notice a zero so that's the best three
steps and that's it for this tutorial I
hope you guys learned a lot from risk
and if you guys have any questions about
you know makeup you can contact these
please forget into them make me up by
days I the that's it for this video
thank you guys for liking commenting and
subscribing I'll see you guys next time
