hey guys so today is Aaron's Acer me and
that's right I'm going to be doing a
bunch of random errands today and I am
starting it off right here in the
shangri-la
whoa-ho I love doing my errands here
because well a shy girl is beautiful
mall and there's not much people I have
kind of boring that are inherent first
so I'm really going to be going from me
Oh Andy is back and forth like
everything you look sleepy in sentences
here Sweden named jewel I just get a
number and I haven't went around like
temperatures become one services on that
preview injury while I love going to the
makeup section
I'm Jenny
Beautyblender game i shadow and realize
and oh maybe I can make a diet real
makeup challenge or something let me
know what aspect open your eyes one I am
a done web of my background so now I'm
going to fix the tree
if you guys watched my very first video
on YouTube it's all about my new room
but it wasn't success men and months
later I think I am almost done but I
justify one more today's mission to find
that great but not with any kind of
scraping oldest crazy because I have put
some stuff in my room that I just relied
to folders so I'm just going to spray
paint over it true value and National
Bookstore are right beside each other
hopefully one of them has this frame and
I'm looking for okay
the special doors so I'm going
to start with this chip out I'm looking
for t-section get this try it up
vocalizes and suppliant the pink section
maybe it'll be better
surprise 300 bucks so I'm thinking I'll
check that over to the fourth leg I'm
looking for the ironworks great
looking at all those colors
I can't buy sold for a video pelvic
position is colder
looking for right now are you a
ourselves go back to above I am taking
Alex watch
mission accomplished you guys I finally
found my goals for advanced believe it
or not I've actually been looking for
this for a few weeks sq4 happy that I
can find them because my route I am
heading to a complete fairy has been but
before that I'm going to change happen
and this is my new outfit I just eat
anyway so now I'm going to have an
overview at this very event where I'm
going to get tons and tons of Froyo on
top of this magical outside I also have
Matthew it with me he's also going to be
getting some I just got to pick Varrick
and this event is all about logic
they're pinkies products so I'm super
excited to try all of their new stuff
and right off the bat they already show
you
we are all excited the case pink piece
is a black collectible light and creamy
ice cream is basically a July and they
are getting very big be to literally do
not vibrate when I google forget me our
hats like again thank you whatever it is
it is don't work
singham orbit I don't know why I got
this I don't even like
holy crap trying out using undercover
world has
we're removing any when we see our photo
for a hooker oh you little ballsy those
so big you guys but I can't anymore
dessert
