hi I'm Angela and I was cyberbullying
yeah so it was the orientation seminar
at the University at the time and of
course it was a nervous the first day of
college life and then you know having to
meet all these new people and I'm not
really easily approachable I was shy
yeah at that time I met Carlo so he was
my seat because we had the nursery names
are in alphabetical order and it was
just easier to talk to him we just got
along right away it was funny this time
and at that time I didn't really made a
lot of friends one day this girl added
me on Facebook and apparently it was far
this girlfriend and I didn't even know
that he has it open and then so I
confirmed it with him and then he said
yes he's in a relationship with this
girl and but they were having problems
that's why you didn't really mention it
to me and I was like okay I mean I just
shrugged it off you know I found it
weird but I don't need that drama in my
life so I just ignored the request and
well at that time asked if I was
trending so I got into it and that's
educating questions I would get like
some juicy types of questions like you
like Carlo or they do you know the car
was taken and but then I would you know
sometimes it wouldn't even be messages
it would be like just a word comment
like or they poor homewrecker
and then I I got a message it was I said
you should kill yourself
I
no one's really ever said something like
that to me well after that I deactivated
my account I just didn't want to let
these people affect me anymore you know
at the end of the day everyone's gonna
see something about you you know whether
you're doing something or not there's
always gonna be something that they
would comment on you about and you just
have to you know be strong enough to not
let that dictate we were live you live
your life on your own terms not theirs
always come out stronger show the haters
that you're a much better person than
any of them can ever be
to my bully hello I'm still here
happy and living well
