hey guys what's up its Aggie here
welcome to my channel so today I'm going
to be doing another home for you guys
because I just spent a good four to five
hours in Divisoria
to say it I was just there earlier and
to tell you I'm the sciences of
authorial it was so much fun I cannot
believe I haven't been there in months
which is pretty sad this is the finds it
quite a while shopping into the story
earlier so I ended up getting a bunch of
random stuff and I just can't wait to
show you guys all this oh my god but
before we get to the home I just want to
invite each and every one of you to
subscribe to my channel by clicking the
subscribe button down here that's right
you guys click the subscribe button and
you will be alerted on all of my videos
let's do the story of all of the keys
you guys know I love my third exhibit a
respect of course I went out and I got
four pillowcases I got four pillowcases
two are in three and two are in white
they're just excuses dirty and I love
them I actually wasn't even looking for
fur pillows anymore because I'm trying
to stop myself on my fur but for some
reason in this haul I just kept getting
first bangs it 16 by 16 inches
I've not heard of such a standard size
for a throw pillow but these are the
ones I spot so I got it engraved and I
also got it in white I decided to stick
to neutral colors so that I can easily
you know throw them around in my room
these fluffy furry pillow cases just
costing a 45 percent each
so all that all I paid the 180 but I
have all this down from 250 and then I
managed to get it at 180 which i think
is a really good news you know the funny
thing about these pillowcases I didn't
even find them in 1 6 8 which is where I
normally go I found them on the street I
probably to another street and then I
just wanted these and then I realized
why don't I defined it since I got new
pillowcases I of course got new pillows
that's right you guys I buy a bunch of
throw pillows this isn't even all of
them I got six so I got these six throw
pillows also from the street they come
in different designs but of course I'm
so loquacious for all of them they're
just so soft it's not the cheap type of
pillow if you know what I mean it's
really cut done and this is the type you
can actually put in the washing machine
the kuhnian I think this is a really
good find
I got at least two for two for 130 and I
got these for for for for 250 so before
you buy the cheaper it's going to become
the reason why I bought is this before
this one what jacquard
I bought this first and then after a
while I realized wait a second I just
bought pillowcases
why don't I buy pillows sorry after we
went back to the exacting store and then
I bought four pillows for those four
pillowcases I got these a spray paint
can I got one in cold and I got one in
black because there are a bunch of
things in my room that I just wanted
three things you know a random picture
frames or certain deck board that I just
don't like the color so I'm going with
blackboard gold because I feel like I
have too much wife so I really have to
stop myself from buying the white one so
this one is ninety pesos and this one is
120 pesos
don't ask me why I don't know why the
bowl is more expensive but
it is I also bought this maps because I
know that I'm not going to need it when
I use the spray pants this is a specific
role of the last mask for this part of
the face so that you know you don't any
of axioms pollution and all that stuff I
got this 420 pepper those bags is kind
of weird
so I got a water purifier for the closet
this is basically okay if you guys
disclose me you just threw it onto the
buses and there's a bunch of rough here
that filter the water so it gets the
common traits in water utilize nonwoven
filter to remove impurities like rot
interesting I just want to try this out
and if you just in from top water saves
you lots of money from absolutely
ordering water from those filtering
stations so I got this one for 35 pesos
those are not the kind of weird
I bought these drain cover things I
don't know why but for some reason I
keep losing the sink drain cover on my
say I don't know I only know what
happens to the fullness of the thing so
that's why about to this time to that in
case one gets lost the LEAs
cost-sensitive see another weird thing
so I got a spring form this is actually
for cooking or baking to tell you the
truth across this because I want to try
making have your pie and you need a
springform thing to make that and the
reason for that is the springform you
have another spring you just open it
here and then you can remove the bottom
yes and bottoms gone oh my gosh I don't
want to put this out and form attitude
you guys oh my gosh what does this
happen you know what I have to practice
using this yeah I did it this is a 12 by
4 points by mini springform and it cost
me 120 pesos
next up my five two jars a mini one and
kind of a bigger one
Oh boxes one because I recently got into
moisturizing with coconut oil and I find
it really hard to you know keep doing
that to the bottle and thus putting it
all over your body so what I decided to
do is to find the up container where I
could sift my
hand and then just put all over also
lessons village so that's why I got it
and this lon I got for the coffee scrub
I'm going to make a basically I'm going
to get coffee grounds and I'm going to
mix this with olive oil and that's going
to be my exfoliator so I chose the ones
where the gold cap is good you know what
like so so this one is 13 petals and
this one is 17 cents laughing at every
item I got okay nice stuff I have this
try again that's right you guys I bought
this silver next looking chest and this
has to be very sturdy I literally walk
all over the Victoria with this on my
arm and it just kept smoking everything
and I'm very surprised that as it fill
and one key I want the possibly thing if
I should keep it silver or if I should
be this gold so if you guys have any
suggestions feel free to let me know in
the comments down below so i 5 at this
metal looking Cash Cab for just 150
pesos so I got the two pairs of aviation
residency very annoyed yes I got two
pairs of aviators I got one in rose gold
and I got another one that's lined with
silver and it has a blue when I bought
both of these or 50 Petofi the next up I
thought me saw a jewelry that's right
you guys check them oh I got these
silver diamond earrings and this year
cause I really like the dazzling effect
of this one and I just love your cost I
actually already owned ear cuffs that
look like this and five big bro
so I just pluck another why so I got
this one for fifty pesos and this one is
they're successful he has a jewelry not
so bad I put this next up I got a bunch
of a seamless bras I got three he
actually two the first one is this black
seamless bra and I just love the Haga
back looks like the back is really
crispy
and interesting so I just got this one I
also got a new one and it has a cage
effect in the back which I really love
and of course because I really really
love the keys I got it in black and so
it also has the cage thing at the back
and if you guys look closely the
material kind of looks like silk but
it's like stretchy feel so it's a very
very good feeling fabric I don't know I
think I've I spent days on fabric
although I got these three for 250 pesos
they were originally 300 pesos because
they were 100 each but I managed to
haggle it down to 250 the next thing I
got is this rash guard yes coat on coat
and IKEA wraps all right come on people
you know it's not real but yes I thought
is this rash guard
I'd like that it's a black and then it
has hot pink details everywhere I just
wish this wasn't here I don't know if
you guys noticed but I pick from darker
and that's because I recently went to
Bel Air and I played at that bumper okay
not kind of or did you read about
sunburn as if it's only now that my face
killed off there as my body is
fulfilling but my face I think
completely peeled already in that skirt
I gotta ask our to the next time I serve
I am protected next book I got okay this
is bunny next time I got a bunch of
boxer briefs or some boxer briefs right
not quite sure it's not like I use them
I bought this for somebody but yes I
bought four boxer briefs they're super
cute I'll show them one by one so of
course I got the basic black one a basic
blue one because that's the favorite
colors and I just put things on a funny
one check this out it says hot stuff
I think is really cute if a guy wear
something like this and of course guys
love comic books so I got home on and it
looks like an actual comic look at that
you can literally read this comic off
your underwear
I thought these for 50 pesos each so all
in all I paid 250 this next one is also
not for me because it's it's really big
I got stopped a dozen pairs of black top
because this person goes through soft
like it's fishy I decided to just buy
him ice up in pairs of black socks I
mean you can't go wrong with black
180 fences for 12 pairs of soft and it's
actually a really good material also
it's a nice thick material it has a good
garter on it visa lie very well the next
thing I want to show you guys are these
cute slip on the slip on I'm not sure
what to call them I got your cutest slip
ons and a BMX on it I bought them
because I am going to do a project with
these I'm going to be doing a DIY
tutorial for you guys so that is why I
bought these well it's mainly because
they're basic black so it's going to be
quite easy to turn them into something
else but be nice to so cute I'm just
gonna be sad that I have to cover up a
map I thought this pair of cute EMS
clip-on for just 200 pesos my best find
today check out this fur that's right
you guys I bought more fur eyes I just
can't stop buying so I got black fur and
white fur look at this you guys it's so
cute and the reason I got this is
because I'm going to add her to the
slip-on I just show you
going to be doing a DIY project where
I'm going to cover the map with this
black fur and I'm not to get an
experiment with this white fur I'm going
to try to make it into something so
basically I thought having art half a
yard listen close one yard I just say
395 for this I really just bought it so
I could play around with the fur and see
what else I can cover up with birds
that's how I got this mini air
humidifier basically it cleans the air
and makes the air smell good
let's check out what I got when I got it
in blue so cute this look like a
teardrop and even comes with a free
scent
so I got this one for three other pesos
next up is this white box so let me just
open it up so you can mainly so I got a
Sid just cube but if you guys in order
to just cubed it's basically this thing
that you can give to people who just
can't stop moving or you can't stop
Lucifer their hand like biting their
nails
I got religious to you to keep my hands
busy of each side some randoms that you
can do this one to turn this one just
has buttons you can just quick it does
nothing but even it's good yeah and this
one you can click you can click this
it's just a bunch of random things you
can do all facts into this tiny little
cute
this one just costs 150 messes
I thought I'd rania chase for a Kindle
this is also a gift I do not own a
Kindle I actually don't even read a lot
I got this cool looking case he's a guy
so he would really appreciate these nice
curvy lines and it's super thick you
guys he is super thick material anyway
so I thought this seemed to be Kindle
case for 100 pesos it was actually
original you want to get a pencil but I
managed to help us out you don't want it
last but not least I got this ocean path
is literally about pathogens in the
ocean so I will show you guys what's in
here course I got it in black okay so
you can't go wrong with black so this is
how the back looks like and this is how
the front looks like it's really big
anyway so it also come to this
it's the strap to attach it up here and
down here the cool thing about this bag
instead of it's waterproof and you know
you can carry it around and everything a
super light you basically just fold it
three times well that's what it says I'm
going to fold it more times and then you
just take me together and now and why
not
it was now a waterproof bag I bought
this 20 litter ocean pack for just 250
PS a--
and those were everything I got from
Zzyzx Arya today I know that in my last
tutorial haul video I put together all
of the shawl numbers for you guys and
the malls but for this one I kind of
brought Stuart I'm so sorry and I didn't
expect to buy this much so I didn't get
to do it but I can tell you guys that I
got every single thing in from so what
to save mom except for the freeze and
location and the pillows which I got on
this street
and that's it for all of the stuff I
bought from Divisoria earlier I love you
guys enjoyed it I hope you guys like
this I forgot I know it's super random
like there's no sea mud all over also
buy but someday but I'm just excited to
try it you to never you wanted
if you guys like this video don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and if you
haven't subscribed to my channel feel
free to click the subscribe like then
down below it's that serious button that
says subscribe and if you guys have any
questions comments suggestions just want
to talk to me feel free to leave me a
comment down below thank you guys so so
much for watching I'll see you guys next
time
hi
