forget another cavity right here at the
PBS shelf features under a composting
the part of my radio show and I am super
excited here with my fellow coco hypest
I'm gonna grab our special that we're
going to talk about real big real advice
today the staff here our whole pasado
might be from the hyperbolic we're back
into the studio and I'm sorry Xavier mix
a gr more
yes hello everyone my name is a do more
and I am also a member of the microphone
Club and I am also an entrepreneur and a
digital influencer or democra need very
interest ease financial SM because
starting off at Uniqlo because they're
not my view there is increasing so we're
going to look for some pants these are
dried ultra stretchy and cold
I'm not sure what that is but be kind of
cool
we are lightning off the floor the
fitting room and check out all of the
sounds I'm gonna try I personally do not
wear pants but it seems would be the
thing guys like you like all yourself
are finally done shopping here at the
men's section of Uniflow and he is
getting please as bad and green shirt
thank you guys notice in silence
basically gazing now it's my turn to
build chorus I started off with some
help but they're only 20 percent off but
I'm really not sure if I'm going to find
anything here
I did not find anything I like tops off
and also the price for kind of higher
for me so
so now we're going to go to a sensation
if we can find it
I am a supporter of products I'm going
to be checking out all other mothers
debt check our condoms ready
I honor the role again and this is I got
this family water toner and they're so
gentle gel cleanser and this nano white
body lotion and oh I'd say to you ask me
my sing a cream basically the criticism
and this lick my lips lip balm so it's
just clear banda turns pink
Dunwich Indonesia and Wow it is amazing
if you came but if our favor
well that was exactly what I was going
to say it will be better now I'm going
to try to use my gift certificates for
her I'm not not sure if we're going to
find that I storage here but we're going
to try to find work and I think mess
giving up we decided great so we are now
at your course and I'm going to get from
my favorite solo the whole world starts
in some flakes of time in these right
and this large project and everything is
we're getting a few maps so hot just
skipping along and I'm going to get
we stopped at the vnm natural to us
because I usually buy the products
online code so great that they have a
booth now they have super body products
like this one is called Harlequin and
this one is called mother
we have given up the search for versa
I'm retired so now we're in Cartagena
discards and another for fabric
I found a fabric rule if the 400 pesos
for this big thing I really need this
the best for one of my next videos I'm
going to do a DIY project with fabric so
I really need less than for today cause
we guys so much for watching I hope you
and sorry
Oh
