hey guys what's up my name is a do-more
and I just want to welcome you all to my
youtube channel if it's your first time
stopping by and you like what you're
seeing just click the subscribe button
for awesome updates on all the videos I
set out on my last trip to Divisoria I
found this random big do you guys know
what sister
so today I've decided to discover what
this jelly looking thing is porn
okay back sorry I randomly saw this on
my lastest Divisoria and I don't know I
just got super curious about it the
specific miss jelly I got this so that I
could review it for you guys and I'm
honestly not even sure what it's called
let me just google it Google knows
everything okay so this is a silly
sponge it's actually made of silicone
and it's supposed to act as a sponge you
know when you use a sponge to put on
foundation a lot of the foundation
actually gets left on the sponge I think
that's what they're trying to avoid with
this product right here the silly sponge
to compare the effects of the silly
fudge so to measure the effectiveness of
the silly sponge I've decided to do half
of my face with a silly sponge and the
other half with the virtually normal be
used for foundation I'm honestly not
even sure if it's a foundation brush but
it works for me so yeah that's the thing
about makeup don't even worry about it
whatever works for you and just go with
it you don't have to follow what
everyone else does or what these experts
all you to do if it works for you just
go with it I've also decided to use
liquid foundation because I feel like
that could be and the true test of
whether or not this absorbs products or
not
I can use the Maybelline Dream satin
skin right now I just have Korean
foundation on me so I think it's okay to
stop this one so let's start with the
right side of my face I'm going to start
with what I'm comfortable with I'm going
to start with my normal brush I'm going
to start with my normal brush I'll just
put a few spritz on my hand I'm going to
do the side of my face with this normal
so I'm trying to flip my space and a
half and basically removing on the
makeup I worked so hard to put so far
this brush is my favorite tool to use
when I put it on foundation I know it's
just so easy to use and I just feel so
good on my face so I'm really trying to
use in bit oh oh my boxes are still okay
there's so much brought up less than
this brush I just whipped it around and
there's more product there's actually so
so much product on this brush so there
I'm done with this side of my face and I
use my normal foundation brush and now
it's time for the silly sponge not quite
sure how to use this okay so this is a
silly sponge there's a super flat part
and there is a kind of curved part I'm
assuming the curved part so what I'm
going to be using so I got both of these
from Divisoria this one is actually a
fake Real Techniques brush this one is I
don't know it's just our silly sponge
this one actually cost me a 120,000 and
this one cost me 80 Bertha's let's set
this silly sponge here
I'm just going to use it like how I
normally use my brush so I just put a
few spritz here especially foundation on
my hand I'm going to use this this curvy
side this one to spread it okay let's
see how this go with you guys that's us
so I'm just gonna just it kind of looks
weird but here goes nothing
wow it feels super slippery but at the
same time it's actually putting a
foundation on my this looks really weird
you guys I don't know how to look for
you but it's really working well I never
doubted it wouldn't work it's just how
it works was the question
okay guys I honestly don't know what I
am feeling about this brush I mean this
silly sponge have mixed feelings about
it
now try putting on my nose cuz you know
I have to put on half of my sauce okay
so I think I'm gorgeous with the whole
application of the foundation um if you
look closely at the silly cone thing to
be fun there's just a bit of product
left on it as compared to the brush
wherein you can see this a lot of
product left in it look at that product
ear products and I can feel the product
in it - if this was created for us to
not waste products then this is totally
on point but in terms of application
this one seems really weird it's not
even that I'm not used to it this feels
really weird to you is I'm going to
touch both sides of my face this is the
silly sponge side and this is the brush
side so just going to put my hands on my
face okay I don't know if you guys can
see it but there's so much more broad of
the transference from the silicone side
as compared to the makeup brush side
yeah I honestly don't like this the more
I such as the more the products coming
on and I don't think that's with wine
looking closely at it I don't even think
this a product as we got into all the
nooks and crannies as compared to the
makeup firms that I feel like it
actually got into all the lines there's
little nook this little panty this is
kind of a weird product there's probably
one of the weirdest makeup tools I've
ever tried but then again I haven't
tried a lot in terms of the look I think
it looks pretty much the same but it
really feels super different like this
one just feels really thick and if you
think it's melting cues murky if that
makes
I'm going to see if using a brush on it
will actually make it better
now I'm going to do the handset okay so
it became a bit better when I use the
brush on it so I'm going to do a little
pros and cons of the silly sponge versus
my foundation brush this one gets into
all the nooks and crannies while this
one just slides on the product on your
face I don't think you're ever going to
get a really precise application of your
product if you use this silly sponge so
I wouldn't recommend it but in terms of
the amount of product you have used and
in terms of wastage of product I think
this one's better when I use this silly
sponsor actually just used one drop of
my foundation but when I use my makeup
brush I actually used two drops to cover
your half of my face in terms of cleanup
I think the silly sponge would be better
than the makeup brush just cuz I mean
come on look at this guys you could use
me just wash this and then you're good
but this one you know you need the
special brush cleaners in terms of how
the product feels on the face this one
is really the best when I use a silly
sponge it just feels really heavy and
when I touch it there's a lot of product
the transition my hand if you guys money
use this product I think the best way is
to start off by using the silly sludge
to apply the product all over your face
and then you can come in with your brush
and then just integrate that products
better into your face I think that is
the best way to use the silly sponge
okay I think it's quite obvious what I
think about the silly fun ah I would not
recommend this product
at all I mean I was open to it at first
I tried it but I think I'm gonna stick
to my makeup brush you're basically just
sliding on the product it just doesn't
work for me but if you guys like that
sensation why not try it out but I am
sticking to my normal brush for
foundation if you so wanna try out
suicide for yourself go right ahead
this is just my experience on the
product if you think you have a
different experience with it why can't
try it out maybe there's no harm in
trying
so that's it for this video thank you
guys so much for watching if you guys
have any comments questions or
suggestions just leave it in the comment
box below if you want to be updated on
all the awesome stuff I try palette on
the channel just click the subscribe
button thank you so much for watching
this video and for all the support I
really appreciate it
a few guys next time bye
