hello my lovelies it's addy here welcome
back to my channel so today I'm gonna be
doing another haul video for you guys
I'm very very excited for this because
this haul is absolutely from the last
time I went to pack shop I know all of
you love X shop and I know that even
some of you actually went to this X chop
so I'm very very happy that you guys
actually did and I hope you guys had fun
let me know if you found really awesome
stuff and now I'm gonna be sharing with
you guys all the fun stuff I got from
Etsy shop since I'm a crazy person and I
buy so many things I have to divide this
video into two parts the first part is
gonna be clothes shoes and some kitchen
and house stuff and the second one is
gonna be bags a little trinkets a TV
yeah that's right I bought a TV guys so
I really have to divide it into two
videos because I just got so much stuff
which is surprising by the way because I
was only at at shop for one day versus
like the three days I was a tech shop
last year I still was able to find so
much stuff before we get into the video
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
all you have to do is click the big red
subscribe button don't forget to click
that little Bell emoticon emoticon is it
an emoticon I don't know don't forget to
click that little bell so you can get
notifications from yes I know you're all
excited I'm very very excited to show
you guys all of the stuff I got so let's
start this haul I am starting it off
strong with this beautiful skirt this is
actually a Marc Jacobs skirt look at
that it's so beautiful it's black it's
floral it's like a formal little skater
skirt I'm actually very excited to wear
this and this one I actually got for 20
pesos Marc Jacobs for 20 pesos
it's a good day next up I have another
skirt this one is from Zara I also got
this one for 20 pesos I really like this
the material is so nice and it's such an
interesting pattern OTV so I'm so
excited to wear this one I got some
leggings there we go
I'm actually not a fan of this color I
mean I'm not a fan of green but for some
reason this shade of green is actually
pretty nice looking it's more about
olive greens so I got it and the best
part is this one's branded as well if
you guys can see that's a little logo so
this is actually from Lululemon
so this one I also got for 20 pesos oh I
love this one this is the next thing I
got it is a basic white top it's from
Zara so you guessed it I got this one
for 20 pesos next up is this a very
simple white polo but um it's from Yves
on the ranch and you guessed it no
actually it's not 20 pesos this one was
30 pesos so I think they know how to
price things based on what they are the
next thing I got is a matching set here
it is it's a top and a skirt so the top
it has pineapple print on it it's super
cute and it has these little buttons
down the front as well and it comes with
a matching skater skirt
I think this combo is gonna be really
good I'm not sure if it fits me because
I've tried it out yet but I really hope
it does this set actually cost me 50
pesos next up I have this white dress so
it's a basic tube dress and the brand is
a qaq what is that it just has a q / eq
if you guys know what this brand is let
me know in the comments down below but
um it's a basic white dress and I'm very
excited to wear this I think I can wear
this as a cocktail dress and also as a
corporate dress
this one I actually got four or fifty
pesos next up I have this beautiful silk
gold blouse
I actually didn't pick this out my dad
found this for me and then he bought it
actually still has a tag it's a large
how is this a large though this looks
like it can fit me
the Brandis love TRF isn't that a Zara
brand I don't know I just thinking of at
the top of my head this one is actually
25 pesos
next up oh I love this one I'm very
excited to wear this beautiful red lace
dress so it reaches my knee but look at
that detail there's a new dish gold
fabric as lining and then there's just
beautiful a thick place I so in love
with this dress
I can't wait to wear it I'm hoping it
fits me because I actually haven't tried
I haven't tried most of this stuff but
even if it doesn't fit me I'm gonna make
it fit this beautiful red lace dress is
fifty pesos okay I really like this one
I actually spotted it from afar like you
know how all the clothes are just in one
big pile I saw it and I was like wait a
second that looks like it can be
something amazing and then I pulled it
out and this is what I pulled out check
it out it is this black jacket with this
I don't know what is this called a
digitally cut leather I guess that's
what it is
cuz look at that I really love it it's
so beautiful and the brand it's kinda
crying I know I found a decline I just
yanked it out of that pile of clothes
this one was also fifty pesos next up I
have this beautiful floor-length gown so
this one actually is from BCBG yeah
that's the brand it's me see
and it's a size six so that's exactly my
size so I'm super excited to wear this
gown it's just a sweetheart cut down
with this intricate design on it and it
reaches the floor actually I'm a little
short so this is all way longer than me
but there's nothing that heels cannot
fix so I'm very excited to wear this to
some special occasion I don't know what
occasion that may be but I already have
something to wear this one I actually
got for 200 pesos
I got another gown
this one is more bedazzled actually I
think that's why I got it because I just
love this crystal detailing here
and down the sides it's just so
beautiful and it's just a basic train
down there nothing very special
everything special about this gown is
right up here the problem with this
though is it doesn't really fit me it's
kind of big so I have to take it to my
seamstress she can just take it in for
me but I think it's really worth it I
mean look at how beautiful that would be
if it fit me right the brand of this
dress is Francis liver and that's what's
on the tag right here that explains a
lot that's why this looks so gorgeous
it's absolutely a really good designer
he's one of the top designers here in
the Philippines so I'm very excited that
I have one of his pieces here with me
and I could actually wear it out
somewhere I don't know yet but I will
so this gown actually cost me 200 pesos
now we're moving on to shoes I found
this pair of sneakers the brand is kicks
I actually really like it it reminds me
of I don't know how yacht that looks
like something I would wear in a yacht
hum it's my size it's a size it actually
I don't think it's ever been worn
because if you look at the soul it's
really clean so yeah I think this was
such a steal I got this one for 50 peso
next up I got these black flats I check
them out I really like them I really
like the appointed flats style I think
it's because it makes me look taller and
it just makes me feel more polished when
I wear any type of shoe that has a
pointy edge so yeah that's why I got
this and this one is actually from Zara
so if you look right here it says Zara
this pair of black flats I actually got
for fifty pesos I got another pair of
shoes this is it right here they are
nude flats and it's also from Zara after
I think the same person donated this so
it's also from Zara it's pointed at the
ends and it's nude and it's suede and it
feels so good and I mean it's kind of
used but I think it still looks great
and I can't wait to wear it so this one
is actually fifty pesos next up I bought
this rug that's right I bought another
rug but this time it's a new drug I
don't know if you guys have seen my
Divisoria haul videos but I got a
similar rug like this in black from
Divisoria like a few a few years ago
it's been years I think it would look
great in my bathroom I actually have two
that's right
I have two Pizza rugs which i think is
great by the way because my bathroom I
actually have two places where I put her
out so at least my rugs can match I
remember similar rugs to this and you
know those high-end of furniture places
so when I saw this I just grabbed it and
then I just had it washed so now I'm
very excited to place it in my bathroom
I got these two runs for fifty pesos
that's right
25 pesos each I think that is such a
steal the last thing I got is this
fondue set that actually came with a box
but since I already used this I threw
out the box it's just a mini fondue set
it's actually really pretty all you need
is like a little candle
so this is the candle you need you just
insert it in there and then it just
heats up the cheese or whatever you want
to put in here so basically it comes
with the white bowl and this silver
stand and it also comes to where the the
I think this is sticks for three long
Forks it comes with really long Forks
yes so this entire set actually cost me
two hundred fifty pesos this it's
actually the most expensive thing I got
from this set of stuff but it's so worth
it I've already used this so many times
and it's so good to have your very own a
fondue set at home I eat so much cheese
the cheese is the best thing ever and
I'm so happy that I can eat cheese
melted every time I want that's it for
this video stay tuned for part two of
this X shop haul thank you so so much
for watching I hope you guys enjoyed and
don't forget to Like comment and
subscribe to my channel I'll see you
guys next time
Wow
