hey guys I'm starting off my day at the
UV EXO students because I'm going to be
guessing at the fire them and hire a
radio show I've never really ended after
radiation before so I'm super excited to
see what happens
powered millennium and that our
millenniums of course we have invited
not other than our youth just from using
mr. Devon tell us more about the
microphone Klaus hello everyone my name
is Abby amore and I am a professional
host broadcaster entrepreneur and
digital influencer and I of course I'm a
member of the microphone Club so I
joined the microphone Club late last
year I'm actually so any members but
even though I'm still a new member I
feel so much support from the microphone
Club you do not remember and I've grown
so much as always and that's really what
the microphone Club is all about it's
all about like-minded individuals I
Montagna and we just finished the fire
that my radio show and guess what I'm
going to be back thank you yes
personally for next week so I'm super
excited when they're creating I thought
it would be a great idea to commute home
but turns out that was such a wrong call
um I'm super sweaty right now ahem
walking note to self don't ever wear
sweaters in the Philippines I am a
finally home and I'm cooling off right
in front of my air combat swai I have
this awesome wind effect on me
anyway so today I'm going to be doing a
bunch of random stuff I like cleaning my
room as you guys can see is Somen
very first time ever I'm going to be
making caviar pie
so I started by lighting my skateboard
pad with wax paper and I minced red
and also hard-boil with six eggs which I
will be mixing with mayonnaise finished
putting the six hard-boiled egg and the
three tablespoons of mayonnaise in this
was processor and this is how it ends up
looking like so it's basically a mushed
up egg salad and I'm going to layer that
on the springform pan just finish the
first layer of my pie and then I topped
it off with minced onions next now I'm
going to make the second layer which is
a mix of eight ounces of cream cheese
and 2/3 cup of sour cream finish doing
the final layer of sour cream and cream
cheese mixed together and this is how it
looks like I'm so excited to join us you
guys so now I'm going to put it in this
plastic container and I'll refrigerate
it for three to six hours now on to the
best part is privileges and making a
left over this is the cream cheese add
sour cream mix so good you guys never
wait Alex night caviar guys I have no
idea what to say like but it looks like
a dog so I'm hoping it tastes like I
just added a layer of happy hour on top
I'm having a game night go and a bunch
of my friends check them all going to
play a bunch of games tonight check out
all the games from Plaza right there
we're going to play and have so much fun
right my caviar game everyone else
enjoyed is what I have it
my card
this it's overnight again do you might
make a poem okay
that's melatonin yeah hey all of the do
true yeah using channels we have my
plants of water brain
- howdy golly I apologize my hard cash
and guns and halli Galli is basically a
speedgame about Bruce Jones - and God
knows in cash quick cash so many people
it's so are you think of your fixer
boy everyone in a lot of it
therefore people who are
