okay I'm gonna go system again
they took my solution
yes err sitting on
right
find anymore
hello
I'm sorry that ever finally gonna be
we're gonna even Jose I'm so excited I
ordered chicken sweet chili prawns and
the endpoint or de tiempo and TWiT
grilled squid yeah I'm gonna eat all of
that
I got the vanilla flavor and I'm so
excited
wait so long I can think about okay I
think it was such a bad idea to wake up
at 4:00 a.m. for a seven o'clock flight
was delayed so now I'm restoring Salamun
University and I'm just sweeping in
between in between every where we're
going it's actually a good tempo check
it out this is the garden area this is
where my dad was before so I think he
wanted to show us
slop it's crazy I'm here with my cousin
to wash our face but he graduates in
here I'm so excited just we're going to
go back to the car and hopefully polish
me for me so sleepy no one understands
only IRA understand we're gonna make a
board - awesome here it is buddy and
we're going to have a class I'm so
excited I'm super hungry and I woke up
super early for this and then later
we're going to go to the winner's shot
every part of this island is so
beautiful like I think we're just in
some random corner and then look at that
it looks amazing
so we're giving the pilot and we're
going to some real an island where is it
I think it's over there
shut it that's it we're gonna take like
a mini boat
so I was walking by the streets and then
I'm going to have to perform after this
is actually a really good resort across
the water resort
it's very privatized they have their own
beachfront over here and then they also
have their own very in fact we're over
there we have a little Lagoon where you
can kayak and keep the fish yeah well we
have a face so that's definitely a plus
rather to show mention of this do you
have a lighthouse but I don't know I'm
too lazy to go up there keep track or
something and I don't want to do that
that's tiring so I'm just gonna enjoy
so I found a lagoon so we can explore it
we are now leaving this beautiful resort
and we're gonna go back to the mainland
goodbye Island
just
