look at this package you pick it I don't
weigh weight bigger than my face
hey guys so what stuff is acted here
welcome to my channel so today for the
very first time ever I'm going to be
doing a male time look video I have a
bunch of packages here and I do not wait
to open the month and to show you guys
all of the gunk I got let the mail time
to go begin let's start with the
smallest package right here so this is
from paste company it selects on River
so they have a quote on the back success
do small things with great love is very
good because open it up so there is a
card right here or what - thank you card
it's a together let's make an online
community of believers and sargon
goodness in the world that something
else in this approach its own first in a
broad spectrum community
oh they're so cute there's our case
company USB interview so I can't wait to
try to learn about religious vacuum next
up I have this package from the faceshop
the cardinality of one love the fish
because the lips see what is here if we
have a miracle finish my wallet
beautiful look at this you guys isn't
the fastest egg to so beautiful look at
the product inside the box that's pretty
pretty cookies are as a miracle finish
either we be perfection crush on so
there's of the last case and a wife I
can't wait to try to point out next up
we have okay so I found this huge
package inside I love this package it's
like there's so many gifts inside a
baker
we have six different look okay so they
all say cushion on it so I'm guessing
these are all the different types of
depression they have available
I'm going to make a review
organizational products so different for
that next up we have this I must be
excited for these capacitors obvious
person it I can't wait to open them
okay let's start of the smaller one so
this one is from a view okay
and you never thank you card thank you
for shopping with us from below a 2-0
actually contacted me and told me that
they wanted to send me a bunch of stuff
so I went through their website and I
picked out the item I really liked so
this is the first one this is a top it's
a simple topic a simple basic black
chocolate what makes us different if it
has bell sleeves on it this is I can't
wait to wear it I mean look at it you
guys it's the perfect thing to wear for
casual our names of you can also wear to
work as a very versatile piece and
because it's in the basic black colours
you can pair it with just about anything
so this it's definitely going to be a
stable feature the list one is the next
one must yes it is exactly like the
first I assure you it's a basic white
version of it and it spells be that
everything I thought through of the
exacting top and different color is
bigger in order to the habit of mind
when I find a style that I really really
like I get it in so many colors as you
can you know once you find a really good
style a really good part of a certain
product
get all the colors I don't notice stuff
my piece of advice for the last one
they're asking my favorite so much
better-looking in person look at this
you guys so I got these at the last
loose I love it I love how it has
pockets here and I love how its high
waisted and it's a really wide leg in at
the bottom I think this would be such a
fun thing to play around with
especially because most of my pieces are
more tight-fitting stuff now let's go
get this big package
I figure the my face I mean look at that
fix is amazing
because assistants are here honestly I
have no idea what's in here because this
one is actually from the catwalk th and
they just told me that they wanted to
send me a bunch of different stuff I
said okay so they don't let me speak it
so I super tragic history much danger
beautiful so this is the first one it's
been a white mock neck top I personally
love this type of color it just looks so
polished but at the same time because
your next entry so that's always a good
thing
and I really like the detailing on the
shirt as you guys can see they're really
terrific design to it go for another one
look at this you guys
this I know every I know it looks like
such a simple task but I don't know why
but lately I've been liking the call
crushed-velvet
type of fabric and this is exactly it
and it's been such a beautiful color
it's champagne colored any of this is
the color or its next original we have a
little talk
oh this is gorgeous oh it's an off
shoulder top with bell sleeves so we
have a scene going on - this is the belt
that with my belt views video I think
this would actually look really good
with the mock next top that I should be
Beverly and then I swear this on top
since that would be a really nice and
just been polished type of desire to do
next softly how it makes a beautiful
care of path and you can see there are
like two fashions in the front I think I
put the tire concert could be this is
how the size
that's how it's going to look oh that's
pretty cool but kind of like grass
pastures things I love that it becomes
tighter towards the bottom I think
that's such a beautiful and flattering
style especially for someone with my
figure and I can't wait to experiment
with style
next up we have another pair of pants ah
it's good I have another particle though
it's in a different color look at this
you guys I love the detailing here and
the front it just had to be time to
attack like a secret hidden over here I
love octaves you guys I don't know why
and to something I look for with tests
going so for look at this so it's high
wave and it's super wide legs okay we
have one more thing like in this
fabulous
oh my race is so gorgeous you guys get a
job suit yourself can we talk about the
color because such a gorgeous color look
how vibrant that good look at the fraud
you see that people who action over
there and look at the back it cheers
happening so I'm definitely not wearing
a bra with this one this is such a
beautiful detail in the front and in the
back so much so that all of this stuff I
got from at the catwalk th I have a
package from Gurkha so I'll show you
guys how big this package look at this I
know it's way way bigger than my face
and it's heavy too and okay so
interesting at the smallest one so we
have a baby bottle
this is peeling whisky symbol mark I'm
not usually I was he drinker but I'm
hoping to try it there's a six week or
what is this it says Molly's Irish cream
the kind of oh my dear Bailey's I don't
know why it looks like a simple Irish
cream I feel like it would taste more
like
we
klipsch muscat how did you guys my love
Mikasa my favorite favorite drink
instant Moscato and that's because it is
I have war this is beautiful look at
this pocket change so this is shilling
whiskey okay so I think this is the
mommy version and her choose their
family healing whiskey small batch I've
actually never tried any of these so I'm
super excited to give it a try
this one's completely empty I have a
really big package here from the
fragrance Factory
so I'm just going to get the step out
one by one so the birthday I see is this
manual it's a perfume making a manual to
do this from this chem world trade
abstract and we have two paper bag
they're roughly one this has graduated
cylinder 110 okay so I'm guessing these
are
I am I guess that's why they're all so
wrapped really well the very pretty look
at this okay this is different colors
always our robot and like what you roll
on for you
also there are different perfume bottles
in here like this one vista monitor
traveling so it doesn't spray this mini
gold one this is crazy this one's like a
butterfly so this one says TG ignite
types of percent one of the group I'm
sure if I read that the mammal I'm going
to figure this out
this is so beautiful beautiful perfume
bottle
it reminds me of the Victorian era when
they would just you know squeezes or
like this boom or bravados different
types who is six words this is the last
paper bag well this is liquid in it I
think this is the essential oils maybe
and I am sure that this is a cookie
making that I was not so sure how to
make for human service so if you guys
have any ideas to this please let me
know in the comment box below and that's
it for my very first attempt at a male
cam video I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you like this video don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and if you
have any questions comments suggestions
for you to put it out in the comment box
below and if you haven't subscribed to
my channel feel free to click the
subscribe button or right there because
I want to do a shout out to everyone who
sent me packages thank you thank you
guys so much for this that's it for this
video thank you guys so much for
watching I'll see you guys next time
