there's something up with my right I
don't know what it is don't want to know
what it is I don't even have that to
think about that right now so today I
just have a quick video shoot and then
I'm just gonna do random errands so yeah
so now I'm gonna fix my face
and that's it for my space I am ready to
face the world so I'm finally here at I
don't notice some power where my video
shoes will be and check it out there's a
line for the elevator hey going here so
large not sure where I'm going exactly
oh my god i just made a guess and this
the first what I went through and it's
right it's pretty good this is like a
virtual office thing it's me so yeah I'm
just going to look for ace and then just
do the shoot and I'm gonna go and so
hungry it's going to be played in hello
hi do you mind that i'm taking for my
vlog wow we are on a video yeah hi I
didn't get lost surprisingly time here
with a hollow she is one of the founders
of lager Palooza oh yeah and welcome to
our office by the way yeah this very
virtual Ottoman first time we had Emma
features a sometimes oh the blog up
losers met event going to be in the
hotel manila at the center Oh would
concern oh yeah up any more alert bus
yeah I like board yeah yeah so now I'm
gonna do the video she see so we're
gonna start shooting I'm already in
position Kevin over there has never
watched mulan but he looks like one of
the characters are you gonna shoot
you
I'm done shooting there's Kevin what do
you need d prison oh my gosh she doesn't
want to tell me his name I'm just gonna
call him fat do guys look at okay so I
think I'm done I'm done right you are ok
ok so I'm done k this is Cheryl Sean
after me you follow her blog health
frontiers and more and more bug ya was
last frontiers love is long enough oh my
i say bye to Kevin I yeah why is a hun
please I know he looks more like them so
it's gonna give me something yeah what's
on your message is there it's a little
thanks addy oh you're welcome I'm done
with my shoes and now I'm walking home
because you know why not how does pretty
near ish I don't know
normal
okay I think I'm just halfway and i'm
already super tired I may have
underestimated my walking skills just a
bit okay um I just noticed these bike
thing maybe I should have taken a bike I
don't know but you know I already
started walking so I might as well
finish it time to taking like a a little
break
No
you
i'm home and so i think i'm just going
to rest first I'm and do so many
builders around of things I was telling
you about later so I'm just chilling out
for a bit and oh my god I just realized
I haven't eaten the whole day so I think
have to look for food or something or
I'm gonna faint do you ever have one of
those days and you're just so busy that
I just slipped your mind that you have
to eat and so our quest for food begins
so I found this weird asian looking
cracker thing and I don't know what this
is but I have a feeling it's good how it
looks like work you whatever I like this
so I'm responding through the different
comments on my videos thank you guys so
much the comment day I really love
reading them and I I don't know if you
noticed but I really make an effort to
make a personalized this bond like I
don't you do a generic thanks thanks
thanks no that's not me mmm i love you
guys I was all the comments I've decided
to do a little brainstorming session
with myself basically I just need to
decide on what to put out in my blog the
other videos I can make so a lot of you
guys leave comments suggesting different
videos I could do so not serious if you
think of a certain video that you'd like
to see me you just comment down below
and I seriously consider it for you like
I really wrote it down someone should
just that I do a Q&A but I don't have a
question to include with that so I'll
just compile all of your questions I'm
gonna have enough questions I'll go Q&A
I literally just woke up am I gonna have
the bag so we're gonna go to a pub we're
gonna walk because we're off
so there's a line in capab so or trying
to look for something else to do or
somewhere else to eat for something I
need
is mommy's cloud like a goat why is it
closed is as we can do he said yes
anything Oh another kind of G straw but
why is this whole section close I don't
even know what you throw the back in
order to be had
not sure what he say there's our cue and
but I don't know what's in them but they
look very finicky no it's fine even
chocolate you think you know it 12 month
on emits a caramel what is it okay so i
found this organic tipps Lane and I
cannot want to try what if I saw him
begging and the coverage or I guess I
all of it I like her is it a photography
not gorgeous a strike what's not cheese
bread please they brought in this this
motorcycle looking fake ass decor for
the store so hipster lastly I just oh
yes sir I really like your um bike over
here ginger lemon there's alcohol I like
you're even more
so good now we're going to attempt to go
back to the buffet hopefully hopefully
there is the table for us but it's not
we're going to balance and then to keep
the Japanese or something okay so we
went back to K pub and there is still no
people for us so we get love i really
regret different dress not season he put
the headbutt
that's fine I me there's a new goofy
chart yet maybe we're messing with a bit
slippy
I finally made it home and I'm so full
he liked everything baby okay okay
that's the fifth day and thanks for
watching
