hey guys what's up hey guys what's up
is Abby here welcome back to my channel
so today I'm going to do a little haul
video for you guys but I'm doing it a
little bit this will be because I didn't
get this from one particular place I got
from so many places I went online
shopping I went to the best holiday sale
I went to the beach and I went to access
my wall I just went to so many different
places and just collected all of these
things so yeah that's what I'm going to
be showing you guys right now let's
start things off with the stuff I got
from the be fun I got this ceramic
camera looking saying it check it out so
cue it it actually comes in so many
different colors you have white blue
cream I think I just I don't memorize
all the colors it's a Miss difficuit I
am super excited to find a place for it
here in my room it is going to add so
much color to my room with lime super
time for that and at this one I got for
just two hundred pesos
next stop stop I dunno if you guys
noticed this but I have a newer thing on
my table this is a pink unicorn check it
out you guys I bought this from the same
place I bought the camera I think is
perfect
oh yes I got the bow context of a match
and I'm super excited to you know what
decorate my room with is this one I
bought for 250 pesos look at that guy
thank you
alright so let's put that back there and
the last thing I got to Makita is in
this box
no I'm kidding I got right now
so I got this from where a glass
container whatever this is I decided to
use this to store all of my lipstick
because I realized I have too many
lipstick things so this is a good way to
keep it organized
I asked we got a three of these square
yards thank you that's how much lipstick
I think I have Pacino was let's see I
have a feeling I'm going to be going
back and buying more and you know two
hundred fifty for all of these is a
really good price I think because I went
to SM department store a while ago and
then I found this exact same thing there
and one piece was just $2.99 can you
believe that 299 for this one of these
just goodness s on the selling it that's
pretty crazy
so next up I want to show you guys this
beautiful the last bag that I got from
the Laura I actually gave in to online
shopping a purpose I'm actually looking
for the perfect word bag that you know I
couldn't take to meetings and all that
other stuff and I found it in to Laura
this is such a gorgeous bag check it out
it's black so it's easy for me to it's
silent with anything and it looks it
looks really legit this is a really good
work bag because it has different
compartments so you can keep everything
organized and this is very important
especially if you're doing a really busy
work day so it's just it just makes it
so much easier to know where you keep
certain things I don't know I don't know
about you guys like that's something
that's very important to me especially
when I have a really busy work day I
just like things to be really organized
and this bag will help me do it
oh my god news from the Laura for about
eight hundred pesos I know it's kind of
pricey but I had a discount code of like
500 bucks
so I basically bought this first 300
specimens so I think that's a good feel
right here's a little tip about shopping
on Zalora always always look for a
coupon code you can get it from a
signing up you can get it from a
different discipline search you can even
get it with you just bellowing the lord
of people aren't going there just so
many ways to get you some code and they
actually give pretty good discounts so
if you guys want to talk to Laura I
think that's a really good way to do it
next up I want to show you guys the
stuff I got from the bench clearance
sale every year venture so this big
clearance sale where they bring in all
of their friends
so that's Charles and Keith all go
common Springs all of the brands under
the bench company and they put all of
their unsold stock under one roof and
then they just slap the prices of course
I went there the first thing I got was
this really cute pink fluffy pillow from
my typo yes the brand is actually title
and it's originally priced as 1,200 but
it was one clearance sale I got it for
just 400 pesos I'm so happy about it
because I've been looking for a really
fluffy pillow that's not white because I
already have those white fur pillows I
haven't even taken out of the plastic
beakers I just want to find the perfect
place for it before I allow it to become
sturdy another thing I got from the best
holiday sale is of course I got shoes so
I thought if this pair of beautiful
silver pumps if you guys look closely
you'll see that this is a sheer fabric
with polka dot design on it I don't know
I just I just really liked it because it
just looks so unique and I can just
imagine carrying it with so many of my
clothes so yes I got it
the original price oh my gosh 3395
pencil
why I got it for Joseph 500 pesos he's a
really good deal considering Pedro is a
really good shoe brand they have really
good quality stuff and to get it at 500
pesos
I think that's such a steal I also want
shopping and as of small white sale and
I bought from these three stores so for
everything you want and hmm the first
thing I got from forever 21 is this
beautiful new dress made out of neoprene
fabric I don't know if you guys know
about that fabric but it's one of my
most favorite fabric ever he loved other
vegan in the front and the v-cut in the
back is just such a beautiful style very
dress this is basically a short fitted
dress and I got it on sale for just 600
pet does I think that's such a good deal
considering this is such a beautiful
fabric and the dress is something so
classic that you can wear over and over
again I all fought a bunch of
accessories so I bought a set of fiber
ring and it just cost two hundred ninety
nine to five ring for 299 and I really
like measuring I actually bought this
whole set because of this particular
ring it's just I just find it so
beautiful and I just have a thing for
the square click looking jewelry so
that's why I went for it
I also got this gorgeous ring from
forever 21 so it has a pearl and fake
diamond looking thing on the other side
I like it to looks really unique it
isn't it actually looks really good on
Isis there it is so I bought this for
just a hundred pesos from forever 21 now
let's talk about the stuff I got from
H&M so the first thing I got is this a
beautiful casual dress I got it in basic
black because I wanted to be able to
wear it was just about anything as the
last is the safest color of nothing
point this dress car wow this dress cost
three hundred pesos but their original
price so the original price is 1190
pesos
hands-down my favorite item in this hole
is this beautiful silver gown that I
founded hmm I love you know what this
isn't risk-filled I love everything
about this gown the fabric so beautiful
I love the color it looks good against
my skin especially now that I have a tan
and I just love the back as well it's
just such an elegant touch to have these
two straps going towards the back as
well I think this was called a mermaid
gown that I'm not mistaken the original
price of this gap is 1190 pesos and I
just got it for 500 pesos amazing and
look at this is so beautiful you guys
imagine that one and that's it for all
of the stuff I bought from so many
different places I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did don't forget to
like this video and of course to
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
subscribed yet I also want to know your
favorite item from this haul videos
we'll just let me know in the comment
box below that's it for this video thank
you guys so much for watching
you
