hey guys what's up it's Eddie here
welcome back to my channel so today
we're gonna check out the contents of
this package from the face shop I guess
you can call it an unboxing or in this
case an on paper bagging type of video
which I don't think I've ever done
before I just got this package from the
face shop so I am super excited to see
what's inside I think I'm gonna start
with this black box okay
can we just take a second to check out
for this packaging I mean a look at that
you guys look at that this is gorgeous
packaging right here how do you open
this it looks like a Percival box but I
guess it's not it's a magnet box look at
that you guys this is the miracle
finished product of the face shop so
let's check it out oh my gosh it's stop
it okay I can do this you guys I am
strong I am a strong independent woman
yes I got one out now let's take the
other one out
at least you know that this will survive
the roughest shipping ever there we go
oh my gosh it's so gorgeous look at this
you guys the packaging it's just so
locks and you know what this would go
perfectly with my room decor so I'm
gonna I'm gonna find a place for these
this is the CC intense cover cushion in
v20 three and natural beige and it also
has SPF 50 so we just click the button
and check it out and that is how the
inside looks like and that is also my
camera setup it comes with this cushion
it feels really different than a normal
cushion dies I don't know why but it
feels smoother and then there's this
paper this is how the product looks like
what does that have little like holes in
it what does that mean now let's check
out the black one here it is this
packaging though I'm still not over it
so now let's open it and that's what's
inside
alright so it's the same thing it has
that cushion that feels better than a
crush on inside it just can't stop
touching it what what is this how did
they manage to make this cushion a
softer cushion I didn't think that was
possible to make a softer thing okay I
know that looked really weird anyways
this is also their natural beige color
okay so it's basically the same thing
inside he just gave me two different
packaging for it that's so awesome thank
you so much face shop okay so I can't
wait to try this okay what else is in
this paper bag but there's also this
white envelope looking thing it's just
an envelope even I don't know okay so
let's just get this ribbon out I feel
like that was really bad there are six
packs of be be perfection cushion oh
this is the refill I think yes okay let
me just read one of these gosh it's all
in Korean I'm so sorry I can't read that
all of these are actually refills for
the BB cushion thing I showed you
earlier these miracle finish car shots
are actually a fillable so you can just
reuse these beautiful containers which i
think is a more practical thing to do
because if you have to keep buying the
exact same container i think you're
gonna spend more so it's way cheaper to
just buy one container and then just
keep refilling the product as you go you
know refillable products are actually
such a good idea because you end up
spending less on the packaging I mean
come on we all know we pay for the
packaging and the customer just pays for
what they need which is of course the
product so you just have to buy the
container once and then you just refill
the product I just want to let you guys
know that
now is the perfect time to try out these
Merkel Finnish cushions because they're
actually on sale coz if you buy one
cushion you actually get a refill
for free so you basically get twice as
much product but you just paid for one
this buy one take on promo is only valid
until April 30 so if you guys want to
try it out I suggest you get your hands
on it before April 30 2017 police tell
me that there is a manual in here okay
this kind of looks like a manual this is
their miracle finish line it comes in
the black and the white packaging it
also comes with different types of push
ons
depending on your skin type let's check
them out one by one this one here is the
oil control water cushion so if your
skin type is oily and you're exposed to
a lot of heat this is the type of
cushion for you this one right here is
the Cece long-lasting cushion with a
high pigment darkening free cushion
foundation with strong coverage effects
and it hides any imperfections this one
is the Cece ultra moist cushion with SPF
50 it has an ultra moisturizing effect
and it helps to achieve supple radiant
and illuminates dull complexion this one
right here is the Cece long-lasting
cushion it makes your pores disappear
all day long is that possible
this one right here is the BB power
perfection cushion it's a total skin
treatment BB cushion with power
elasticity power hydration and power
correction effects this R right here is
the CC cooling cushion it cools down
your heated skin with a rush of moisture
while expressing photo-ready complexion
Wow
each type of cushion addresses a
specific type of need and a specific
type of skin type so I suggest you read
up on all the different types and then
pick the one that suits you this this is
a very good for sure because I actually
understand the product so much more now
if you look closely at the product it
actually looks exactly like a cushion
like the texture looks like a cushion
the reason it looks this way is because
it's a
liquid foundation saturated in a sponge
it's really soft it really is a cushion
and you get liquid out of it let me try
it on my arm
Wow it blends out really well
that smell good it smells amazing it
smells really good I I did not expect it
to have a really good smell
you know how usually powders have a very
neutral smell this one smells like
perfume
this my skin gonna smell perfume oh my
god I smell exactly like this there's my
I perfume it smells good if your face
smells good I think that's all you need
my gosh I can't stop smelling myself
yeah let's talk about their foam this is
how it looks like this is an LG patented
microphone technology this technology
allows you to do meticulous and even
application so that's very important
especially when you're doing the base of
your face now it's time to test the
actual product on my face I'm gonna be
testing this one out this is the CC
intense cover cushion in natural beige
so I'm gonna be using this microphone
micro foam technology for the very first
time as you guys can see I'm actually
not wearing any more foundation or any
more powder I just removed it so let's
see the coverage of the miracle finish
cushion this is how the product looks
like on the phone I'll start with this
side let's start with the eye bags
this liquid foundation actually smells
amazing and it also feels really good
against my skin
this site has the miracle finish push on
and this one basically has nothing as
you guys can see there's really a big
difference between the right side of my
face on the left side of my face and not
just because this is wider it's also the
quality of my skin if you guys can see
it this one looks smoother I can't I
can't even see my pimples anymore it
just feels nice it doesn't even feel
heavy like other the good foundations do
I actually put a lock here to be
completely honest I put a lot of product
but for some reason it still feels
really light the longer I wear it the
better it becomes it naturally just
melts into the skin or which i think is
a really good thing so let me just
finish the rest of my
so I just finished applying it all over
my face and I have to say I really love
the formula I love how it smells I love
how it feels and I love how it looks yes
I have to get a different shade for
myself but putting that aside it just
feels so good on my skin it feels
lightweight but at the same time it's
full coverage which is very hard to find
to be honest in a foundation it also
makes my skin look naturally glowing and
dewy which is the makeup look I always
go for I don't like looking super matte
because that looks and natural to me so
I love that it just gives me this
natural glowing and dewy look I don't
know if you guys notice but I had tons
and tons of red spots but now it's just
gone usually I need to color correct my
red spots with a green colored cream or
something but I don't think I need to
anymore with this foundation I also like
that they develop their own cushion I
think it's great that they tried to do
something new they actually tried to
create something that can help you make
the most of your product personally I
really like the sponge I'm gonna try it
out with other products later on because
it's just I don't know it feels really
nice it feels like felt and suede but
soft and it feels really good on your
skin so I'm gonna try it out with other
products later I also love how you can
easily bring around liquid foundation
and this compact looking container and
you can easily put it on
you have your own sponge for it and you
can just you know do retouch us wherever
and whenever you want which is always
great especially if you live such a
fast-paced life and you're always on the
go having a product like this would be
very helpful I also love how the product
smells I don't know you guys I just
can't get over it it smells so good it
smells like it smells like beautiful
flowers that's what it smells like yeah
so if you guys want to try a liquid
foundation in an easy to carry compact
container that has full coverage but
it's so lightweight and gives you a
natural dewy look I suggest you guys try
out the facial ops miracle finish cush
online special thanks to face shop for
gifting me with all of these items I had
such a good time trying out this new
product and I cannot wait to include
this foundation and my everyday makeup
routine if you guys want to know more
about the face shop and their miracle
finish cons just check them out on
social media they're on Facebook Twitter
and Instagram that's it for this video I
hope you guys liked it thank you for
liking commenting and subscribing I'll
see you guys next time bye
