hey guys what's up its addy here welcome
to my channel so today I've decided to
show you guys all of the stuff i am
currently obsessed with let's start
things off with my new laptop case okay
i know i'm a bit behind on the whole
marble case trend but i only recently
just broke my other case so that's the
only time you actually buy a new case
look at that marble detail right there
it's also matte finish I'm not really a
fan of glossy stuff so I really had to
find the matte finish one and it feels
so nice sometimes I just catch myself
touching as it goes it's just so smooth
so I found this case in green hills for
just 600 pesos I just found it in one of
those random chunky areas I was even
able to handle it used to be 800 pesos
and then I was able to handle it down to
such a red besos so yeah I am very happy
about this case next up we have lip balm
so i alternate between two different lip
balms so this one is the bourne lip you
lip balm it's the strawberry flavor it
is super good and this is my everyday
lip balm it has a nice red tint to it so
I don't even need to wear lipstick it
already adds a natural color to my lips
so yeah that is why this is my everyday
level this one is the EOS lip balm I
don't know I don't know what flavor this
is but the smells really good plus it's
pink and you look at that oh look
matches my flowers
anyway that's not quite oh I use this
before i go to sleep because for some
reason it that's really long i put it on
at night and then when i wake up the
next day it's still there that's how
good this lip mom is but you know it
doesn't have colors so i don't really
use it during the day next up I have the
strawberry hand cream so this one is
also from body shop and and this one is
also strawberry flavored yes strawberry
is my favorite flavor for everything I
don't know why it's just my go to blame
for everything it smells how many things
this is a hand cream I use every day and
I bring it around in my purse that is
how important this product is the
weather's becoming colder and colder so
it's becoming more and more important
for me to moisturize my hands I don't
know why but for some weird reason my
hands are the only part of my body that
becomes dry so that's why I only by hand
cream cakes that's basically already I
am obsessed with this its color pop and
sod oh yes this is real color pop my
sister just came back from the states
and I made her order 12 color pop shades
just for me he just arrived with them
and of course I tried them right away
and it is amazing this is my new
favorite liquid lipstick of all time I'm
wearing this right now and it is amazing
next up I have this perfume it's from
chem world fragrance Factory it's their
version of encanto shine premium for
women I actually just got this cuz of
the bottle because it's so pretty I mean
look at that it's cool i love this stuff
I spray it on myself every day it just
smells so good it smells really girly
but at the same time like a woman if
that makes
since I don't know you guys should
really smell this to see cuz I just
can't describe the smell but it's
amazing it smells super good I like us
so much that I want tons and tons of
bottles of it I mean look at look at
that I even display the ones i don't use
yet it's also very cheap I think it's
200 or 300 pesos for this or or even
less now I can't remember another thing
I'm super obsessed with right now is
Barroca I know this is such I know this
is such a weird thing to be obsessed
with but lately I've just been getting
sick a lot and I just I just wanted it
to stop and then my friend suggested
that I think barroca every night
basically my daily dose of vitamin C I
just drop it into water and then I just
drink it out it actually tastes really
good I tried the other flavors but I
don't like it I just like the orange
flavor I am also obsessed with this top
look at that it's an off-shoulder rib
top from frippery clothing it's this
instagram shop with a really cute stop
so you guys should check it out if you
like this I heard this with everything I
work with pads shorts skirts it just
looks so good with anything I love
pastel pink it has this really cute rib
detail which i also like because it
makes me look thinner not that I need to
look any thinner but you know this next
one I am super excited to show you guys
cuz i just love it so much here it is
this is my new mini bag this is actually
a sample of the products i'm going to
reveal leasing and my online shop so if
you guys like it I'm gonna be releasing
this next year it's so cute the tech
little button here
nice textured material on it you know
how I love white and gold right this is
the bad for me so let me know if you
guys wanna what's in my bag video for
this one maybe I'll do it if you guys
requested this is just perfection right
here and then you open it there's a
pocket of q there's back about you
another thing I'm super obsessed with
right now and he's cute little perky
chains I just saw a picture of Kendall
Jenner with a great version of this and
I just I just fell in love with it it's
so cute and it's so soft you know
whenever I wear this they're actually
kids who come up to me just to touch
this very day I don't know why I like
they just touch it I love these and this
particular fur keychain i'm also gonna
be releasing it in my online shop next
year so stay tuned for that and of
course i didn't just stop at one furry
keychain i also have it in gray but for
my black bag yeah i'm also contemplating
if i should get the black one for myself
yeah so those are the colors I'm gonna
release next year grey white and black
so if you guys like it just stay tuned
for next year I'm gonna release a whole
new collection of bags & 2 chainz
another thing I am super obsessed with
right now it's everything right here
this is gorgeous I know it's an alcohol
class but i'm gonna use this for water I
just need water around me
twenty-four/seven so why not put it in
something gorgeous right I got this from
the be done and I got it for one hundred
fifty pesos it really seals well isn't
it beautiful it looks like Cristal or
something it's been on my bedside tables
ever since I got it another thing I'm
obsessed with is this vase look at that
so art deco right I also love that it's
matte finish I don't like I don't like
Chinese stock I also got this in the
pita and it was just two hundred vessels
I like this one so yeah that's mine you
set up over here let me know what you
guys think okay so I think that's all of
it thank you so much for watching if you
liked this video just give it a thumbs
up if you have any comments suggestions
there's your requests just leave it in
the comments down below if you want to
be updated on all of my new videos just
click the subscribe button that's it for
this video thank you so much for
watching I'll see you guys next time bye
you
