hey guys what's up welcome to my phone
haul video I'm just kidding we don't
have one here but I wish we did welcome
back to my channel for those of you
don't know my name is Agee and today I'm
gonna show you guys all the stuff I
bought from my recent shopping spree I
got a bunch of cool stuff so I can't
wait to share it with all of you you see
the thing is I didn't pay for any of it
no this is not sponsored I just used all
of the gift certificates
I collected throughout my life I am just
a gift certificate order so I just
randomly found a staff of gift
certificate and then I realized so why
am I not using this just so you know
everything I bought was on sale I don't
like paying full price for stuff because
that just doesn't make sense to me
either stop we have stop shop I love
this shop one of my most favorite shops
ever the first thing I got is this
lovely bra let's top isn't it so cute I
love tops like these because you could
wear it but high-waisted anything I was
in Pat's high-waisted shorts
high-waisted skirts and it just looks
really cool plus if you live in the
Philippines stuff like this are
necessary I got this for $5.99 plus 30%
off because if you get more than three
sale items you get 30% off on top of the
sale price
sylia so 600 ok you know what you can
you can do the math so the original whoa
the original price is 1/7 that's not I
got this basic that body suet with long
sleeves actually got it because of this
detail in the front that's I've always
wanted something like this so when I saw
it there on sale
I just got it it's actually not even my
size but for some reason it fits me
original price it's also 1:7 but I got
it for 800 minus 3 percent next up I got
these aren't they cute I've been looking
for everyday sandals that I could just
slip into and it's affair with anything
so I love this since it's that I don't
get dirty easily and I can wear it with
anything and it's super comfy because
the heel is just about 1 2 inches and
way it's not high so it can be easy to
walk in these and look at the design
super minimal is simple I love it I
can't wait to wear this all right
whatever
how much is this wow this retails for
two thousand two hundred pesos
and I got it for 600 thousand why
how did I do that I don't even know next
up we have these lovely booths suede
boots with gold chain on the back the
heel is also gold for that gold I love
the combination these are super comfy
shoes original price is three thousand
best I got them for one five and that's
it for all the Topshop stuff thank you
so much for thought shop for being
awesome and going on sale the next time
I bought from SM department store I
realized I only bought from one
particular brand I got these from
perishing
oh yeah also this one which I will show
you now this cute white leather bag with
coral details and it even has a sling
strap into it I got this for five
hundred pesos but buy one take one
so I actually got two bags for bifida
pesos which is pretty awesome so cute
I bought the other bag because I asked
me to gave it as a gift to someone
I was actually super surprised that
pareshan had bags I just looked through
it and then I was like yes
getting this next up we have shoes can't
wait to show you these so I got this
beautiful pair I got it for just nine
hundred pesos I look at their slip ons
it's just so easy to wear slip-ons these
days I love them there's simple classic
looking and there's super comfy to the
heel isn't too high either so that's
awesome
next up we have
my god we have these lovely pink light
pink blush okay
no these lovely blush pink shoes from
corrosion I love them I actually saw a
similar one in forever 21 but I don't
know I it was dirty so I didn't get it
and then when I went to SM department
store I saw this beautiful pair and I
just I just grabbed it isn't it so humid
I can't wait to wear this one this is
just $9.99 can you both I love like the
burnished Sun that's absolutely one of
my shopping secrets especially when
they're on sale or easy but you can
actually go there and find really good
heels for 300 pesos so watch how to
information goes on sale let them not
least Marks and Spencers okay I know
Marks and Spencers is a bit expensive
actually no it's a lot expensive so when
I got gift certificates for it I was
like okay maybe I can get one thing or
maybe I'll have to it because the prices
are you really high it's like 3k up make
their eyes and it's for 10k 15k it's
pretty high so I really wasn't sure if I
was gonna find anything but thankfully I
did and I loved both of them yes I was
only able to get to the anyway so the
first thing I got is this lovely hats
it's so Q Drive I mean it's not like I
can actually use hats like these are the
Philippines but I probably will because
it's just it's got gorgeous I love this
hat it's nice basic black suede it
and it fits me usually hats are big on
me but for some reason this one fits
perfectly so I took that as a sign to
get it so you think okay so this one
cost 1250 oh it's actually not on sale
it's probably the only item I bought
that is not on sale my favorite piece
from this entire haul this blazer from
Marks and Spencers when I saw it I
literally melted I am such a fan of
houndstooth so when I saw it I was like
I think this is my premium plus it was
on sale so this was the only piece left
so I was really praying like before I
went to the dressing room I was really
praying that this would be my size and
you know what it was and now what we're
together and it is amazing so I'm just
gonna wear it now because if I love it
you know if I had more money I would buy
more stuff for Marks and Spencers the
fabric is so luxe v physik or just I
love everything about this yeah I'm
probably gonna wear this a lot this one
costs oh my god
it's 3,000 best ones but since it was on
sale I got it for 1,700 vessels not bad
it's not bad for mortuous Spencer's I
really did not expect to find a piece
like this and now that I do you really
like Marks and Spencers now that's it
for my haul video I hope you guys like
all the stuff I got if you have any
questions comments or suggestions just
we'll leave it in the comment box below
if you like this video just give it a
thumbs up and if you're new to my
channel just click the subscribe button
if you want to be updated with all my
other videos thank you so much for
watching my video I hope you liked it oh
oh my god I almost forgot I am
super happy and super grateful to all of
you because I just read a thousand
subscribers thank you guys so much for
the support it really motivates me so
much that you guys like my videos you
have to watch this and you subscribe so
I have put in so much more effort into
my videos and I'm really trying my best
to give you guys awesome content so I
hope you guys like it because I'm really
putting more time and effort into making
videos for you guys so yeah
