yes this is another video on stuff I buy
from them sorry I don't know I think
this is my hey guys what's up my name is
Adi and today I'm going to show you all
the stuff I bought from the disorient I
could give this exact same intro for
every video maybe I should change that
so I just came from Divisoria and I got
a bunch of cool stuff if you have no
idea what I'm talking about if you've
never heard of Divisoria I suggest you
check out the first video I made about
it so I'm gonna link it down below these
are this stuff I just got from the de
Soria so I'm not quite sure why I
thought most beauty stuff I don't know
maybe my mind uh subconsciously that I
need to upgrade my makeup tools I don't
know maybe anyway okay so let's check
them out for my what I'm going to start
with these
beauty blenders yeah I think that's what
they're called I've actually never used
these I mean people have used the Pawnee
but I've never really tried it for
myself so I got a red one and a big one
they each cost 25 vessels wow it's a
soft
he was really good so I'm going to test
this out with my BB cream so it's just
what is it coming out there we go okay I
don't mind you have to use this but I
guess it's pretty simple you just use it
to spread oh that is nice
I should stop using my finger actually
if you check out my first makeup
tutorials I use my fingers the whole
time which now I realize pretty bad next
problem how do I clean this guy's now so
you guys know did you just leave it in
the comments down below that would be
super helpful so next up we have these
two eyeshadow brushes so with this one's
for blending and this one's for the
crease of your eye I got these for 80
pesos so let's try adding stuff to my
cream why this much is good it's
actually more precise than the brush I
currently use so let's just even that
out I don't want to look stupid
well I like this brush it's so soft and
the coverage is perfect I think it's
even okay so now good thing I bought a
blending brush so I'm going to blend it
all in
oh my gosh this is amazing
I love these brushes I guess I'm growing
out all my other eye shadow this is a
really good blending brush it's nice and
soft but firm so pretty blends it well
anyway I've been better now than it did
in the start of the video next up we
have these Real Techniques brushes no
they're not real but I don't know let's
see maybe they'll do the job I got this
one for three hundred pesos and this
one's about two hundred pesos a few
spots I like this color and I think I
need a foundation brush some sort be
completely honest I have no idea what
these are or what they do but you know
their brushes so as long as it works for
you at a time so I am going to use this
for Foundation and this one for powders
I hope that's right
hopefully it's test this out
spread it around this is actually better
coverage than the Beautyblender in the
air I like this one
feel so nice and firm yeah I think I'm
gonna use this a lot next we have how
well I like these brushes I don't know
if it's cuz they're new or I didn't
order the type of brush but this is
better than all the brushes I owned by
Mario Techniques brushes Ashley feels
like it's matte finish now which is good
so next up it's a nice up we have bees
so they're all matte liquid lipsticks I
am obviously obsessed with liquid
lipstick so I got six I got three Kylie
liquid lipstick tubes and I got three
colour-pop liquid lipstick tubes and
they're both in matte finish I don't
know I just prefer that over there a big
one these are after you 50 pesos let's
start with the Kylie whoops I got musik
a coke okay and candy cane girl - Kylie
lift kits I got I'm actually wearing one
of them right now and it's gone but I
don't know why that happens to be okay
so I'm right now I'm wearing ten DK I'm
just gonna swatch them on my hand so you
can so let's start with
the candy cave there it is and this one
is Posie K my bones are really getting
in the way
later and then this one is coke okay
this is how the shades turn out do they
look similar to the kind you look at I
don't know I'm not quite sure because
I've never really tried the real Kylie
lip kits
I'm wearing the candy K right now and I
have to say it's pretty good there's no
transfer anything so knowledge hide the
color-block ones I've got botanical solo
and Mars here all the color pop ones if
you swap the look I guess I'm on this
swatch okay I'll give you so I guess
watch it wow this is dark I don't you
can see it oh my god that's like the
worst place but it okay I'm going to
swatch it again over here these are the
color pop swatches so this is solo
botanical and Mars since this is the
only one I've tried so far I guess I can
give you my first impressions on it this
is the Kylie liquid lipstick in Kandy K
so this one I really like actually
applies easily the applicator was really
soft
I have no problem whatsoever yeah I
didn't even use lip liner I just put it
on and then chase my lips and it wasn't
a problem at all and then it dried and I
ask you does the transfer test
did that and there was no transfers so
I'm really happy about that but I've yet
to try it with food so I don't know
maybe I'll do a separate video about
that okay so that's it for everything I
got from the vit√≥ria I'm obviously not a
professional makeup artist I just like
doing these things to myself I don't
know if we torture no I'm just kidding I
just like doing these things for fun so
that would be super helpful for me if
you could tell me what these really are
what they're for and how to clean this
yeah either just comment down below or
link your videos I'll check them out I
hope you enjoyed this haul video so if
you like this video you can give it a
thumbs up
I think the buttons over here somewhere
there if you haven't subscribed to my
channel please do I'm gonna come up with
more awesome things later on in my time
