hold the goddamn phone it is bittersweet
minute since I've seen your guys faces
and are you ready for adventure it's
nearly seven o'clock
and we'll believe in the renew oh I
don't even see that walk out the door
but go to Scotland I know I'm vlogging
again everyone leave a like rating click
subscribe and partying and I'll see you
soon dig down there alright so we're
going to Scotland right now so it's me
Cal fly enough to Scotland where you
guys and that's nicely now know that I'm
gonna be vlogging for like the next 3-4
days oh my god I'll be vlogging for the
X 3 to 4 days master Robert resonate in
Scotland epic game event gets me all my
Scottish funds can't go down way but
more importantly we're just gonna have a
weekend of just chaos so let's do this
don't walk fire at it let's get rockin
Anna Kaka I like how I'm going to
Scotland now for like four days but then
I get back and then I've only got a two
day gap until I go to Abu Dhabi and we
meet again
terminal 3 you're ready for adventure
are you very far ahead yeah oh yeah
quite literally yeah most people even
drive I'll get the train to Scotland
we're flying I'm gonna carry that I'm
all about the fastest way possible for
ya I'll take the flag discovered sure oh
oh wait are you doing it oh no oh I'm
reporting you to child services by the
way Oh decrepit crevasse autocratic up
groups nice is it even open the
airport's completely dead because nobody
flies to Scotland this is gonna be like
getting on a private jet I'm saying is
that I don't I'm so glad to be back
daily vlogging like a short period of
time but to be back daily vlogging and
starting off in the airport feels so
goddamn good the heck's going on is
every sure and we find on the right day
there's no one here
cheers mate touch tips here's to a good
weekend I'll need a beer arse my round
 but first of all
not exactly crispy but very battery
today tell you summer it's good to be
back
shout out to Jamie it we just met and it
was working behind the bar at a coffee
shop there and he took the piss out of
him as per Cal user does the done Jamie
comes and goes to a free drink and what
why what's going on it called me short
by the way so I think this is his way of
saying so book my money work beyond
they're just going to atlas a free beer
so Jamie thank you unlike Jamie thank
you very much dude where's your drink
that's where you get your little bitch
car was an absolute bust at the cave
Syria
Kyle just left it on the side there and
made Jamie clean it up
would you have to save yourself hey
count how does your free beer tastes
pretty good right you didn't get one
Jamie thank you very much far I
appreciate that a lot
my guy oh no no I'm gonna savor this one
I'm gonna savor this one so you remember
that you don't have one bar and now
we're boarding let's go here we go
Glasgow here we come let's go oh no
resonate didn't have to organize this
cow a private jet driver DJ oh let's go
wait that's a different country you
crank
that's island not gonna beat Conor
McGregor on this trip here we go here we
go let the adventure begin
honestly this might as well be getting
on a little private jet look at it this
thing's time boy
it's so cute I love it we almost missed
it it's full Oh God
there was no way this suitcase was
fitting up there so I've taken up the
entire legroom
unless you
Lacy's play
by Manchester nice game cow where'd you
find that
do you really still play employees how
addictive is that game it's the most
addictive time passing game you'll ever
play around just like to let you know
that he is watching hi there random guy
but I just can't zoom in luck my phone
battery died so we're gonna use this
cows bone from that your phone's well
better than my login front-facing is
there allergic
I don't know what trouble birds Scotland
Scotland Scotland Scotland
what phone is is like I even zoom in
then open for three
it looks like it this boat looks better
than mine already because my camera on
my iPhone this close yeah at least and
it's dead dark so hey guys thanks for
tuning in love you bye
we're off the private jet oh yeah yeah
yeah me they're charging the platypus of
Tesla plane yes
successful flight was successful oh wait
here we've got to be up with skies
Lindsay I tell you something scratch
people it's gonna be a long weekend okay
do we even have to go through security
in Scotland we commandeered a vehicle
thanks girls
well to be fair it wasn't being used and
he was about 20 of them oh do we get to
walk straight through oh let's borrow
that as well let's upgrade to a trolley
this is pretty good this cabinet yeah
sorry oh my god you sound exhausted I've
got to say someone's got other set of
balls to say submit to us because like
if you tell someone to get out of a
wheelchair and there's actually stupid
run with him you just look like a twat
but if someone's been an idiot in the
wheelchair then you start well I said
right wait I'll do the thing I've got 25
years of experience with my dad oh hey
you actually showing how to go through
security me if Flynn's is oh my god is
this the exit oh we need a left where's
the lift
we've been out off by a set of
escalators all right Tammy closer
to be fair we do this professionally
alright so Jackie Lindsay's picking us
up in the right place where you take
yours Oh help
oh I press it might be out Mike
yeah okay so much trouble this is really
awkward is where we gonna find out you
sure that's not you know yeah that does
look like the guy of ours is into them
though wait should we ask him ask him
yes where the currency pick it up by the
way the only reason I'm in this
wheelchair just to say hello to Lindsay
I don't need oh no it's a miracle I can
watch so the whole fight was getting in
that wheelchair then it was to make
Lindsay laughs you know when we came
through security but it turns out
Lindsay's not picking us up this is
Lindsay's dad even he was like his first
impression was and we're gonna get
the wheelchair in the car Lindsay we're
on the way
oh look wait what we're doing
oh wait wait wait wait - but if we get
it I think I think does it get added to
the wall who's been in so far just a
bunch of cranks that this guy looks like
a Scottish Christian over album I don't
we made it thank you so much when's it
has organized this entire event so props
to this lady right yeah yeah this is the
alcoholic you all know from her vlogs
but she's a legendary alcoholic and
you'll see what she's done tomorrow but
check out the hotel she's posed up in oh
my god
it feels so weird to be back daily vlog
you but lazy gentleman ooh wait what the
heck is that like Michael Myers what's
going on with this welcome to my
absolutely stunning hotel apparently
it's brand new not too sure what the
view is off I don't know we're out I'm
obviously in Glasgow but I don't know
whereabouts like if I'm close to where
I'm going tomorrow or the city centre or
anything but welcome to my beautiful
hotel room again a massive shout out for
Lindsey she organized all of this got me
the entire family everyone look this is
a very delicate anyway weird-looking
sudden coma tango but welcome to my
bathroom which is also very nice I want
to say that's a creed not too sure about
that one but very nice very nice looking
shower big shower head looking good
looking good and for the ultimate test
are you ready are you ready are you
ready are you ready oh that's a spongy
bed that is a spongy springy bed I'm not
sure how I feel about this why is she
looking directly at me not unpack
anything and we're going meeting up with
Alice and my mom and for the record I
know this sounds silly but I've told you
guys this again and again again last
time I came to Scotland it was so right
randomly last minute we're going up to
Scotland for a gaming event me and
Terrorizer did it it was amazing
terrorized it is coming here tomorrow
which is going to be epic
for it was just me terrorized it and
Lindsey this time around it's me
terrorized at Lindsey cow Alice Paula
and we're all gonna have such a complete
blast and I can't wait and I've said
this from the get-go that I'm coming
here to have a really really fun time
you might like Tom what do you mean by
fun time I love meeting fans I don't
mean everyone that that is a very fun
time for me but you guys know how I like
to party and I've come to Scotland to
party I've made this clear sense did
a bloody one that we are gonna be
drinking partying going out Mugen doing
it all so if you see me at the event and
I'm very hungry but don't be upset don't
be offended anything like that that's
just the way the life of Thomas so if
you see me I'm hungover all right no
treble rude nice ass TV by the way
that's just how I roll and so and I
might be very nicely calm tonight have a
few drinks see how it goes and then
tomorrow and this weekend we'll get it
on it cuz I know what my Scottish
audience is like there are absolute
legends we only just bumped into people
when we jumped out of the taxi within
two seconds of being outside the hotel
two lads came on was like dude watch the
Minecraft videos back in the day you're
an absolute legend
come on get drunk for those in our life
that nice one Scottish audience right
there in a nutshell so you're all
legends and I can't wait to meet yours
so Scotland resume day zero has begun
we're here in Scotland and we'll start
day one tomorrow we're gonna see how it
goes and let's just pray and hope I
somehow get these video files to Byron
to edit them so Byron if you're out
there we love you guys leave some
comments of love for Byron make sure you
leave a like rating and more importantly
if you're not subscribed to this YouTube
channel yeah click Subscribe and then
you'll get notified every time I post a
video which isn't daily but it is until
Monday so yeah I found the group by the
way we're all here Paula and there's
Karen but they don't care about me or
cow because they're all trying to get
into a bar I told you we were getting on
it and then I came
what's have you been drinking since
thank you yeah they've been drinking
since like 6:00 a.m. don't press the dog
don't do it don't do it
I am all for not pressing ok right
what's that it's just for work
oh hi Alice could see by look you all
night for here we go climbing great this
cami I just kept doing good song
everyone kept fine and it was kind of a
boy yeah we supposed to got this
supposed to be out there oh we made it
Oh easy Oh lovely night I completely
skipped everything thanks how's it visit
up I'm talking with pyro and all that
was good what a lovely night but I am
ready good night sleep i am i know i
just like upstairs go say hello to
everyone sorry I mean the elevator but
then we went upstairs and it was just
everyone was talking business so when
they talk business that just means no
real vlog in to be honest and up like
you're back with a daily vlog and you
did nothing
I'm like well kinda but no but yeah but
maybe so throw up but hey it's just the
way the left arm looks and I guess what
we hit I guess fast we may have a little
talk so hello to everyone if you're
tuning in be like oh my god is daily
vlogging or is not a welcome back I know
a lot of people got frantically panicked
and didn't whether to stay subscribe got
to what to do ah it's talking to film
his life anymore the answers yeah it's
just the days where I am gonna play
video games all day every day cuz I'm
really back into playing ecology I'm
streaming nearly every day on twitch.tv
photosession they couldn't get that
plug-in but like I'm literally streaming
there all day every day and having so
much fun that I'm not filming anything
between like what I'm eating
it's literally like the quick oh no no
no I'm eat and then run away and I just
don't have anything really to film so
rather than putting out some half-assed
video where it's like 2 minutes long of
me filming me eating a cocktail sausage
for dinner or the like going to
Starbucks and grabbing a coffee and that
was the only time I left my house within
24 hours I'd rather go you know what
there's nothing worth filming today I'm
just not gonna film and if there's a day
where I go out or do something they're
gonna film it so why today I flew to
Scotland so I've logged it I'm gonna be
in Scotland all weekend so I'm gonna
plug it no it's gonna be such a good
craic like I've met so many awesome
people since I've been here I bumped
into a load of Scottish fans and just
right now my Scottish fans alike Todd
from I'll I think Ireland comes in top
Ireland all those guys over there and
just insane like you my blood was from
with the UK it's fine but
when I did the life of Tom tour oh my
god the insanity of Northern Ireland and
Ireland was just insane and then for
drinking and nightlife Scotland wins
hands down like you guys are absolutely
saying you guys are absolutely
incredible already tonight I bumped into
a lot of fans that they'll be like you
can outdrink you let's get this stuff
like that's what I'm about
now I'm not trying to have an alcoholic
or anything but that's what I'm about
this is why I've come to this event to
get drunk and have fun so it's gonna be
really good time we're gonna when I say
get drunk by the way I mean like just
going out pie and having a good time not
so much like going out to get drunk to
feel like the next day I'm going
out to have a laugh and have a crack
light a crack with the friends and
that's what we're gonna do so just back
to filming and a day of my life that was
fun and I decided to put it on the
Internet so some days you will get vlogs
and some days you will and I really hope
you guys understand that because I have
never felt so happier knowing that I can
wake up people understand that there
isn't gonna be a vlog and I could just
focus on playing video games all day and
streaming it all day and then there's
days where I'm like okay we're gonna
venture when I'm gonna vlog it and then
people can enjoy it and that's exactly
what I do so and I know a lot of people
won't be tuned into the vlogs in between
because they're like oh this guy doesn't
walk anymore I'm just gonna disappear
forever but for the people who do stick
around and choose to tune into my
everyday life on the days that I do film
it thank you I appreciate you you're
amazing
you're the viewers that I've had for the
longest time ever and I'm so glad you've
had my back since day one so to you I
say thank you I'm gonna go to bed I need
some sleep and it has been weird not
vlogging I feel like I just need sales
right now it has been so weird not
vlogging it and I will say this right
here right now if you do not follow me
on instagram at syndicate you don't
follow me here I hope hopefully Baron
stop on at syndicate just floating here
if you don't follow me on instagram you
can go now at syndicate on Instagram on
the days where I don't actually film
vlogging like this sideways filming you
can follow me on instagram and i
basically instagram my day whether it's
me in front of a computer live-streaming
talking to our twitch are like with a
family or with a friend as mother it's
where i can capture like a small on
moment which I kind of do in my vlogs
but rather than like this I'm filming it
vertically and in the moment I can just
capture it and it's gone I have to worry
about it we've organ after film film
film film film film film film there's
gathered after edit and it's like
is like too much whereas Instagram it's
like got it got it got it got instant so
if you would like an instant gram
Instagram of what I'm up to in my
day-to-day life I definitely recommend
follow me on Instagram that's the best
place to find me and obviously live
streaming on Twitch I'm just so excited
to be back vlogging because I feel like
I've been deprived of doing my normal
thing like days when I would walk out
the house even if I was just going to
Starbucks to get coffee and walk out my
house and I'd had before in my hand that
I knew I was like this is where I feel
like I should be going alright guys so
we just got Starbucks and go get some
food and I'm like this is what my vlog
about I just mind advice alright guys
review of stuff it's gonna get coffee
and go back and livestream all that
announced it that's a day by like that I
feel like I should be doing it so days
where I don't do it I'm like ah this is
just not normal and I was just with the
pyrocynical before nyle and talk with
him and it's like yeah dude you've been
daily vlogging ever since I've known you
we've known each other like two and a
half years and it's like wow I've filmed
every single day of my life for three
years and as long as that sounds when
you say it like oh yeah from everyday
I'm alive it might not seem like much
but when you think about filming every
single day of your life for three years
I could go back to any day over three
years and see what I was doing and that
makes me so happy to be able to do that
cuz I can be like it's a memory forever
and that's why I kind of keep wanting to
do it and I'm going to but just not
daily we're Vogons guys make sure you
could subscribe make sure you to all
notifications make sure you leave a like
crane and I'll see you guys whenever I
post my next video I'm gonna try and
sleep but this face on the wall staring
at me and not have nightmares so much
look to your face thank you for every my
back and we are gonna continue doing
video games and live-streaming and
having so much fun but we're really
gonna step things up on this channel
trust me the day in the life that you
guys were enjoying with CaptainSparklez
and jaws or guess what I've already got
three lined up so prepare your faces for
awesome I'm gonna go this prep has been
way too long and I will see you tomorrow
at 6 p.m.
ish the next day I vlog so until that
first of all this hell yes
