but I'm showered clean change ready to
start my day
and someone's taking my place somebody
has indeed taken my place that word
someone's you get some proper stuff me I
got no fin hitting with two shot one
shot whoa you all saw that you all saw
that come at me
yes come on Bobby
you all saw that I can't teach you oh hi
Carl
yes how you doing about three keys in it
Oh fun
mum's having it 30 left let's go you son
of a bitch you scumbag
yeah done did hundred yeah a grenade
launcher Oh metal
school me man what are you even serious
it's raining England what the heck I
have been sent some amazing things in my
life but oh my gosh dawn this is the
most incredible card I think I've ever
been set if the bar for cards was here
she just took it to there because walk
at this that is so cool
Dom she said thanks for the hoodie we
sent her a hoodie oh my gosh dawn that
he's so cool honestly I want to know
where you got this phone because I want
to be able to send these because these
are incredible thank you
oh are you kidding me are you actually
even kidding me though me the difference
a day makes is absolutely sprinkling
from the skies right now oh that's a
great ass cloud all right time for me to
go and get some healthy food I have oats
for breakfast an apple and that's it I
I'm not doing good when I'm streaming
stuff like that it really really messes
with my sleep schedule on the message my
foods and stuff like that it's really
not good I need to I need to make sure I
put food in house ready and prepped for
when I'm gonna stream because that's how
I'm gonna run my body to shit as per
usual like I know this is gonna sound
really vain but I've looked like God and
healthy for like the past like two weeks
like like really fresh and really away
from feeling good but then I've got back
into streaming again I've got like bags
and leave my eyes I feel a bit like
rundown cuz my sleep schedules all
ruined so man I've got to start
streaming like either a proper schedule
like fitting it into my day like a set
set schedule and like making sure I come
off its own time to eat meals rather
than going just one more games normal
game I need to make sure I'm doing it
properly and healthily or new yet scary
story I almost just crushed a defender
because see then I have that blue it
says clearly a fuel that's a petrol
station and there's oil like fuel all
over the floor on a roundabout section
there so I came around the corner
normal speed came under this cazness led
out as well almost I would have to
report that I came round the corner just
as normal normal speed like a normal day
just go into Tesco like casual and
because of the weight and the sides of
the defender when I went round the
roundabout with the oil on the floor
my entire defender went sideways as if
it was on ice thank God there wasn't
another car coming cuz I would smashed
into the side of him that's well
dangerous and we have to go tell him to
smoothly moving on and on the subject of
not clear myself I've got some beans and
carrots and potatoes aka that good good
coz I'm making a salmon dish tonight so
I have the recipe I know what
ingredients a need but um
I'm not feeling too confident about this
one good luck mmm this clocks an hour
fast but it's actually 8 p.m. at night
and alice is still at the office
how you doing here
you working working hard or hardly
working
yeah but if you don't follow Carol on
Instagram you probably should because
then you know that Alice wasn't working
on morning she was asleep on the sofa
weren't you outside yeah yeah what
happens at whether I was only stopping
by saying hi poor cat me being the
valiant hero Alice's Alice's starving
here at the office like a slave she said
like a slave so I'm going through my
house by the way I bought mushrooms just
a snack on if someone can tell me
mushrooms about me that I'll stop eating
then Bob and I look just like cooking
them off therefore you enjoy I have a
nice thick what the hell was that face
love you love you working hard or hardly
working listen don't forget how much
time left three days left black time
this goes up to date
two and a half days left if you guys
want to get the poster me and Kyle will
you be here I'm signing every single of
them then cover down description get one
do it have it oh by the way confirmed
I'm going to insomnia 63 so if you're
not going you're better get going and if
you do we go and as per usual oh can you
guys up fatty style you want to get 10%
off your ticket prices for a weekend or
the day or whenever you're going use the
code I sixty-three syndicate almond word
the details be in the description or on
the screen or something like that like
tada
there they are don't know what that was
get yourself some percent off in case of
a bit discount I'll see you guys wanna
bring something up you know I just said
that I slipped going around the corner
well I've just pulled in and on the
floor there is major clear evidence that
there's like oil or fuel or petrol spill
out here am I am i is this me have I got
a fuel leak I can't see any hidden
dripping from underneath that looks a
bit unnatural from like the fuel tank or
whatever but that's definite signs if
they're being fuel on the floor
know what to say I do to be honest I'm
gonna have to like wait until it dries
up see if it's still dripping in the
morning if it's everywhere I may have to
clean it up but that's not a good sign
one really you get taught in scouts is
never to pull the blade towards yourself
under any circumstances however in
cooking guitar the ocean and I've got a
strategy I'm tired okay but basically
the 100 of time you can break the rule
as if you're peeling cars
I knew it safe wait your arm out the way
still when I eat
Stevie's I hate to interrupt you Steve
but it seems you're not eating your
vegetables
this guy is whoa okay eat proper going
for it well I guess if they eat the
vegetables the nutrients goes inside
them then Steve eats them then it's kind
of a win-win right I am very thankful
for the food I'm about to eat extremely
short vlog today but that's what happens
when I spend all day playing for a night
like I probably played about 10 hours of
for a night yesterday in the morning
from the moment I got up at 8 a.m. I
stream for five I was straight and this
guy took over the stream for like half
an hour
give me 15 through the glass come on
yeah I wonder if it's max when I came
falling through Oh guys don't forget is
the last chance coming up to get a
poster of me and this sexual man right
now if you want to get yourself the
brand-new poster then good be down in
Scripture will you be hand sign
everything one of them I believe do we
get delivery today oh we got a delivery
today so I'm gonna start hand signing
them as we speak so expect some doodles
expect some very sensible drawings and
stuff like that but you guys will find
out when you get your poster as soon as
you get shipped out so may take a while
cuz it's quite a few posters being sent
out but thank you to everyone who
supported it the sale ends on Sunday at
midnight so if you want to get one
don't forget looks absolutely beautiful
sounded amazing job car did an amazing
job
design it and I'm gonna have to go now
because I am going to a where we going
I'm going to a Food Festival at Ocean
Park so I'm gonna have to walk around
and just look at all the sexual food and
say no to it and try and find the
healthy stuff so thanks for watching
make sure leave a like go ahead
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next area vlog what your
hope is on tan probably won't be sorry
us
