I thought good morning Givaudan oh it's
a gym go to gym gym but I swear no boxer
shorts right now so I'll be right back
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do going to
college for some breakfast and then
we'll go like gym day live game night
life to Jim Daly let's get you cannot
even make this up because when I was in
my house I was like some reason thought
I was at a flat tire
so apparently alice is broken down on
this road because your small little car
I can't actually get up in it oh poor
thing
proper proper flaw I actually never had
a fun time 'i personally oh I like you
okay oh yeah it's definitely a flat race
it let me just do that you know the the
thing to check yeah oh okay Theo is just
sad about like save me can you actually
not move Oh God look was a gas canister
so I'll just go ahead and take this drug
and nailed it is this a common
occurrence for you three I've never had
a flat tire so it should clean organized
car get help out to my granddaddy bought
this car for my sister because he
insisted on get a cow with a spare tire
in the back of itself
granddad gaming clutch my friend I had a
weird deja vu thing that Yoda farts I
long to hold you actually Dave go on a
lease oh well I press we see in this
it's amazing it comes with a natural
jack built into the what oh wait have
you used this before is that why you
know what you do just watch how you
drive there there
my car you literally are always making
sense mouths like oh if only we had a
strong mostly man who could put the tire
on enough for us
I'm fast sure can you do this slow
policy tires got anyway doesn't laugh
okay you can do it in we set that joke
up again for the second time and it was
still is good everything up startling
stopwatch all right Cal are you ready
I'm your marked yeah but that's all part
of the job
cars in the pit lane how exactly do you
do it in on your marks get set go
wait why you walking all right off you
go girl how quick can he change a tire
done okay jacks up jacks up go on that
come on a bit of urgency about yourself
currently on 20 set
Oh speed and technique oh he's balls did
go he's not like your gloves he's not
he's not feeling it go ahead get that
car up Cal he waited to go to the gym
this morning little did he know I'd be
lifted a fucking car gone 40 seconds oh
no it's sponsored ad break hi there shit
yeah just walking bus by yours today
just concentrate on the tattoo go right
raised it is your asthma always going in
for the locking nuts does it seem like
he's getting a tight grip on it for some
reason not too sure what the issue is
here oh he's gonna put it so it's
touching the ground and then the wheel
won't move oh God two minutes count doom
on the on the
on the live feed oh yeah yeah that's a
good shot right there
oh go on that light Go Go Go car three
minutes of it up to the judge's desk the
judge's desk
he's currently got the first bolt off
within three minutes of the repair he
did after asked for a life Lonnie he
called in tongue with his swole like oh
don't need all these three minutes 27
seconds in he's already got the second
bolt off oh yeah it's not even a DS we a
big go on that lot go Cara go Carl
nearly four minutes on the dot Cal
you've got 20 seconds left for you this
is bet to win free tiger yeah oh so down
four minutes eleven yeah there you go
that's four for four in five minutes on
the dot tire is off
oh god at like five minutes 34 Cal has
raised the car and he's placing the tire
on looking successful so far what do you
think of your boyfriend's performance so
you're some use cheated six minutes
he's got four minutes to complete it
the tire has been fitted yeah that's
nice see you nasty why'd you do that you
named Steve buddy that cross the road to
chase it's out here yeah how's it going
Carol you're currently on seven minutes
nine seconds this is impressive by the
way what you actually did enroll in a
wheel up the hill that's big-ass great
hey Brian redundant almost eight minutes
on the clock a cow keep her spinning get
him tight secure that wheel hey Carl
congratulations you did it in eight
minutes pretty much on the dot Carl you
are the true definition of a man well
done my friend
yeah get out of the road you cranked
were you doing well don't go oh man the
nearly a dog you know if I warned you a
lot about walking in road you cranks not
to do that come come come
okay okay it's okay okay okay okay
whisperer a duck whisperer
I know she's an idiot yeah she broke
down and then get about it super o'clock
in the morning killed me and then stayed
up for another hour watching Westworld
none this is the most tired I felt in
about 11 days seriously I feel like
exhausted oh the luxury when you go to
the gym everything is absolutely filled
to the rim in this gym so it's like what
are we getting on are these oh oh this
is where you watch the vlogs
let's it even charge your phone you if
you want is that sick quick 10-minute
run on this bye bye
look how much I'm swaying Wellcome which
I'm swayed come on car smash it I'm
sweating like crazy calories burned 109
that means I basically just works off
that bag of pot chips that healthy
that's it get it lad good go online you
can do it sweat that pussy way up
I don't know anything then oh yeah no
a/c absolutely dry it out a bit now to
cut using tissue paper book made
absolutely sweltering there no way see
for the first of the first half there
really isn't anything quite like value
in something that affects your life so
much as a quality standard of living and
this has nothing to do with ninja but it
has everything to do made in that twenty
seven minute video it's now what 542 so
the vlog has to be up in 18 minutes
which it is gonna be done and I get to
leave the house in 30 seconds and go
have dinner with Cal it was a ridiculous
amount of money I spent on this internet
like ridiculous but I tell you something
it has changed my life for the better
the my mentality when it comes to my
vlog now is a hundred percent better
than what ever ever ever was
I think he's so goddamn happy I love
making videos I love I love that you
guys like enjoy them and stuff like that
but the Internet in my house was so bad
that this was worth every goddamn penny
possibly the best purchase I've ever
made him a life this word is definitely
taking a twist that's what I'm used to
with England great clouds but time to
get on the bike go me cow a chicken rice
that's what I need after a gym day
Frenchie mix with a pug oh my gosh I
soaked you a nice dog no beautiful I've
rocked up two cows out in a waistcoat
cuz its waistcoat Wednesday England's
plane our man's bringing it all for us
so you guess what you wear a waistcoat
have you got one no me oh no if I had a
sparrow what about you want cowboy
trouble I can't believe you're wearing a
waist waistcoat can't believe you do
with that his foot is funny but I can't
believe you doing it taxi driver drove
past it went way he knows he's imagine
if we do it tonight Cal that is not the
way to think wait less should do it now
she's sending vibes all the way to
Russia they'll get rid no time I'll get
there just in time we're gonna win it
it's happening we're going to final and
we're gonna win that front who the is
front didn't even kick a ball snails
uh-huh where were we
this is it I'm calling it a to nil to
England right now oh here we go
if I actually do the national anthem I'd
probably say yeah
nice try alex is prepared for the full
show in her bag Oh in her bag she's got
she brought yeah no no no no no you
might wanna check yeah I wasn't even
watching the game and if just bloody
scold the instance bustards football and
then as Alice just yeah
okay breathe it's okay it's okay we're
gonna win this one wolf
the news just left the entire building
my motivation discuss unfortunate
England news oh well it was a fun game
it was a good run it was a good run you
got anything you want to say maybe
brought the entire country together
everyone's been good energy good vibes
disappointed I enjoy that I Johnny
violet laughing yeah I don't know why I
did this
I came to Nando's and I ordered a drink
to get water and it costs to power 17
foot waters freak mmm tastes even better
now waited 45 minutes from my food it
came and look at the state of our what
is that how the hell did it even serve
that it's burned to a crisp
I am NOT a nappy bullying England by
that we come home but Nando's is I
handed in the burnt nugget and in return
it handed me for brand-new sexy looking
arms you know I don't whether they're
sexy or whether they're actually burnt
again but we load the sauce on them the
house is perfectly clean absolutely it's
that point the four guys were I've got
to end today's vlog to start a new one
so thank you very much for watching if
you are new around here make sure you
click that subscribe button that way you
get notified every time I post a new
video ish
there's also a little bell that I'll
appear next to it once you subscribe
click that and you'll turn on
notifications that way you'll never miss
a vlog and I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. s for the next area vlog am I
good England lost absolutely a mess our
about it not really I had so much fun
with all my friends all my family my
entire country just rallying together
cuz you know what you look just for
example you get like man united months
sitting is all that rival you're like
this cheese better than that Tina but
everyone at the end of the day when it
came down to England was we're all on
the same team we're all on the same team
and it was absolutely beautiful
did you see everyone come together
playing together barbecuing together
just in the Sun like the Sun helps so
much to just bring us all out as a as a
as a like a community of happiness it
which is perfect so you know what the
World Cup was amazing I am gonna watch
the final on Sunday I'm gonna look
forward to it if you had to take a guess
I reckon it's gonna go the entire length
it's gonna go extra time it's gonna go
to penalties and then France is gonna
win it I'm just saying it right now
that's what I'm calling but guys I do
have to end today's vlog thank you very
much for watching if you're watching
this vlog right now the chances are I'm
possibly streaming on Twitch because
season five or four night just came out
and I streamed it for about five hours
today so tomorrow's vlog I probably
didn't do much but if you want to see me
play savant I
link down description I got a twitch TV
forward slash syndicate just search for
it whether on your phone on your
computer or whatever and you may see me
doing some live streaming so thanks for
watching I'll see you tomorrow 6 p.m.
ish leave that like crane and I study us
