Oh we started this day like it's a fresh
week it is a Tuesday so we're two days
into it but this feels like a Monday to
me I don't know why it just is so I'm
starting this week one day late but one
day fresher get shit done achieve your
life goals and let's do this
but before we take over the world if you
haven't made your bed how do you expect
to do it more importantly most important
meal of the day breakfast so we're gonna
have some oats you got my washing
machine loaded got my brand new now take
a look at those steepness with ease boys
but it's a 9 a.m. start today I'm
feeling fresh and I am making sure I
take care of this house there's so much
shit that needs doing
sure get it done what the confusion
continue Steve's bulbs come back on oh
but a time to saw this garage ow
it's complete mess this should be a
perfect carriage it should be bike bike
bike bikes clean no coats no pants no
boxes no questions no you choose new kit
in four years of living it I've actually
never put anything technically away into
these cupboards my dad filled them the
first time you got installed and then
from that point on everything makes its
way to this desk so I'm going through
all of this and I am new clean 99% of it
cuz half the shit in it I don't even use
it's a truly garage cleaning day today
that was so American its garage cleaning
day today so brother much better
however this this cupboard right here
this consists of all my shoes pretty
much I've had my entire life for example
a pair of what cost
shoes I had when I was like 11 yep
probably say they don't want it but if
someone can use it then hey great
progress progress shoes gone cupboards
nice and cleaned and organized a little
bit more hair got rid of so many pets I
honestly have donated probably about 20
pairs of shoes to charity I don't even
wear a few of these so I need another
charity bike to throw away out half of
these I'm keeping these if you remember
on a dated Kate way back in the day
they're a pair of shoes cowboy boots
that I bought when I first went to Texas
I was like it's got to be done solve all
the rest of them is like my swimming
shoes and all that sort of stuff
mountain boots we're all good and then
that's my
I don't drink that much anymore moving
on we got over here we got like gloves
goggles that's nice and started for
riding random dad draw because this is
all dad's random bit bottom is just
boxes for random shit and stuff like
that inside here again just random shit
just let my dad stuff that user on the
house and put body armor and bike bags
in here cycling helmets for
cross-country just storage biking boots
motorbike helmets on the top row storage
bags for them guys and over here we have
my downhill mountain bike cameras and
it's for this shit again
that's just shit I filled this bin ivory
cycles as much as I can but I've filled
that bin I'm gonna move the bikes or try
and go through all that shit over in the
car and just see what the hell is going
on I can't wear my local charity Center
is to take these two bags down and then
this thing here this is my giant glory
which I need to build back up but I
believe is missing a few parts which my
dad's got in front so I may not be
building that just yet and as for these
know what to do with them to be honest I
really don't look at me maybe a handyman
Lou this sockets coming off the wall
what's this about Ken what's this about
how about you get your shit back on
there mate how about you stay there
don't come off for I appreciate you very
happy with this bang some new pedals on
this bike over so I can get about today
I was gonna do an electric bike bought I
want some exercise so we go I finally
nuked it all oh this is all clean
drawers and boxes and everything like
that are organized bike bike bike wipe
them down a little bit make him look a
bit nicer this needs a new chain new
batch because it's not working but oh my
god
all this is for charity a feeder which I
appreciate I think someone donate it to
me but I just don't need it to ourself
thank you it's gonna go to a good cause
I found I found a box of brand new
converse which also gonna donate to
charity there's a battlefield one statue
in there which I'm just gonna take down
to the charity shop which go for someone
come by and raise a little bit money for
him and just some bits and bags
including a Domino's Pizza bag I don't
know how I got that but the garage is
looking mighty damn fine putting it all
out give it a sweep gonna give a bit of
a clean there's a few oil stains before
I don't where they came from so gonna
give that a little bit of a wash get rid
of it and you know what very very happy
with this and I'm saying this now I
started my day at 9 o'clock but I
started cleaning at 10 that took me
nearly
two and a half hours to ignore this this
is this is this is going into certain
places don't just think I had it out the
way except this Christian has to go
outside but this took like two and a
half hours to nuke to clean and I'm
feeling pretty proud about it looks good
all right we're on today ladies and
gentlemen the big s shirt if you don't
know what the big s shirt looks like
this you can't be walking around wearing
black tops or anything like that I'm
gonna be summer vibe in white t-shirts
deflect that light deflect that heat you
feeling fresh in then when you get a
turn and you know you're brown and white
you look even browner it's great this is
the place where I'm donating everything
to I went over I was like yeah I got
some stuff that came over grabbed out
the carry you guys wanna get your hands
on any like gromfest or five t-shirts
some old pair DC's battlefield statue
stuff like that random stuff around my
house do your stuff Market Street team
side animal shelter it's a fund raising
shop if you want to go in there buy it
then by all means go ahead it's in that
shop there and waiting I do believe
there's some like old syndicate boji
t-shirts and they're like really old
ones and some like really one of random
things that we print it before but never
saw but it's just I don't need it run my
house
I'd rather raise a little bit money for
good cars and you know what they
absolutely thirsty bastard 64 quid
dad day oh the tank is full I've chopped
her up yep still there's a hole in the
bumper so that's probably why I'm
wasting so much fuel because you know
aerodynamics see in dynamic see dynamics
dynamics and shit but I made it to
Alice's house Karl's cars here Alice's
is not we're having a chicken salad so
actually just wait 10 minutes for them
so I'm gonna sit in the Sun get some
rays
looks like all this is a right little
garden and she's done a little flower
pots over here she's put some
butterflies on the wall for Murray so
cute I'm not gonna pee in a garden and
everything Oh always it's an actual
watering can for
in order that water income for
decoration oh look at you loving aren't
ya oh yeah it speaks back hey last time
I saw that guy peed on my sister's for
Carl's getting ready for work
maybe thought and talked about what's
changed in hey nothin yeah what's
changing here oh my god okay they've
completely stripped the entire wall
could ask a question I just found a park
to the crowd he's gonna rappel then
alice is hard at work with posters poses
did you guys know I look really tired
damn big drug for a gym backwards what
Wallace did you know yeah just go what
he came to go 99 or $69.99 okay so if
you didn't know the 99 to 69 in poster
birthday sexual sign by not only Thomas
I'm signing every single one
once I do everything wrong what else
with the option base I know a stump is
amazing we're not stuffing it with sand
in it I'm side by common Kyle and
they're open for pre-order till midnight
on Sunday this week would you dump
preorder meaning container orders and
we're gonna walk through the mall then
the lads are gonna side of all ships
within like two to three weeks we're
gonna do it
oh dude is it hot like why call us just
boiling mud grass is nearly dead I
should probably come down at night and
sprinkle it or something like that book
I don't even think I have a hose pipe so
that's a nope if you want to ask me am I
feeling good I'm feeling great about
that was feeling good you know why
motivational morning got shit done
cleared up my garage feeling fresh
feeling good had some healthy food to
donate to charity that's what I'm
talking about no no I can sit and play
fort night on that yeah this is just
evidence of how much my dad just stores
my shit everywhere like it's got me put
in here cuz I love this is a
sledgehammer jacket like it's great
I appreciate it when they selling me but
I've never wore it so I'll take that
that's going to a charity shop thank you
a fluffy hood that I bought when I used
to date Kate again that's going to a
charity shop this is that to my high
school blazer I'm gonna keep that and
that's my tie okay
look at it that's what I used to have to
wear yeah anything else
no this is all my dad's that can stay
well I guess is a good thing I've got
more stuff to give to charity and don't
don't even get me started I don't I
don't you want to start to think about
organizing this nearly had a goddamn
heart attack just put something my
garage I turn around look up and I could
see a reflection of a person there mate
you scared the living shit out of me I
was like who's Robin who's Robin my
house and watering my plants thank you
yeah I didn't scare this young Austin I
got Steve I only just got him out by the
way I've always just put in their book I
forgot a lesson there surely mate don't
get all defensive you chillin with me
for the day alright you've been you've
been another varying weights on you
spending some time with me
Tom and Steve magical adventure Oh
I don't don't even get me started don't
even get me started you've seen this a
bunch of times bought my dad brought
everything I've ever owned from his
house from like me being a kid and
growing up to my house so this is all my
belongings and stuff which 99.999
recurring percent of this I will not use
never use or anything a lot of it is
memories for example like the first ever
printer
bound system Lyle I'm Clark but I bought
to get me up when I worked at McDonald's
and all that sort of stuff bought so
much this I just I'll never touch I'll
never need if it was at my dad's house
whilst I was living here I didn't need
any bit like when they launched the Xbox
360 via launched Xbox 360 and they tried
to make HD DVDs a thing which were a
smaller disc and I loved it because like
the DVDs were really cheap super random
allahö I'm a PlayStation 2 like some of
these things I will keep so much of this
has just simply got to go there's way
too much stuff in these are all the pop
figures that are duplicate so I've got
gotta get them auctioned off man I've
got to get Alice on that job I'm the
first ever monitor screen I just don't
need it it's time to say goodbye but I'm
gonna go get my vlog edited real quick
with Stephen on my shoulder and share
with him get that edited and then if
I've got enough time and I'm feeling
motivated I'm gonna get rid of all this
then that way I've well and truly new to
my house for the day and I'm feeling
good I was just telling you about that
HD DVD well look at the amazing
selection of films that have Poseidon
mr. Bean's Holiday and I said it oh wait
no and Transformers special edition oh
yeah not to mention I do have the og
Fast & Furious I don't want to keep
these because I feel like you know
having these on DVD is kind of a
throwback so I think I might keep onto
these book donate all the rest I Love
You Man that was good film look little
man that was good yeah James Bond
wait is this part of my club I think
that's part as my collector's edition
I've I have all of them in like a box
walking tall I was good film foe
selective legendary and the dictator
I donate magazines I just put them in
there like in the oh my god I found me
nudie mags Oh boys I did not know I
still like these well I say buy nudie
mags FHM was like the guys magazine what
was I showed you everything that was
going on will the festivals and tech and
all that like quite literally flooded
festivals but yeah me hm we used to be
the banking magazine thanks for holding
on to them to be dad appreciate yep
modern warfare 2 gaming guide oh my
goodness me was this a such a play I
love this too absolute pcs man when I
wasn't playing the game I was just sat
reading at even I am learned how much
information from it apart from the fact
that I was just a massive nerd the
dungeons check it out your Buy in 2012
look at me little fetus tom
we my boy Chris never forget never ever
forget tom was a McDonald's worker Oh
leave a like rating if you remember oh
my gosh the mmm 3000 I've got a boy pen
that they sent me for people wondering
what actually happened to it and the
person because the way that all came
about is it was a fan who designed the
final helmet you know that was like the
prototype he actually got it sent to him
I can't remember his name where he's
from or how to get in touch with him but
he still has the gaming helmet I highly
doubt he's using it but he's here that
is a cool of memento and remembering
that as well as this is a memento as an
EpiPen cuz I'm allergic to wasps so if I
get stung I'm supposed to carry one of
these around with me at all times and
let me say I know I don't but you should
so if you are allergic to wasps or
anything like that make sure you're
carrying around your Eddy pen if you're
on a flight to give the slightest always
carry your EpiPen don't do what I do
otherwise you die I'm really really
getting carried away with going through
this when I'm supposed to get it in the
vlog because birds like a nice one of my
first ever mobile phones oh my gosh I
love this phone so much little keypad
was so sleek the rest of the things that
all know the McDonald's work about yep
keeping that for life yes please my
alarm clock or Mille or aftershaves oh
yeah if you didn't have a Lynx Africa
aftershave are you really a teenager
many days what the hell is this oh my
got a remember that a scorpion wallet
thought this was actually from a fun I
might actually try and do a video with
this and fun certainly the I've had
these honestly for about seven years
this ball and these cups because what he
wanted me to do was do ping pong trick
shots failed um I had a note with it but
I guess it's just been lost over time
but this was one of the first ever
things I got sent like as a from a fan
was a ping pong set and a ball because
he had a YouTube channel where he'd like
bang him off like 19 million things and
get it in the cup so you know what sir
if you're still watching this somehow I
may try hi Steve
I quite literally just have piles and
piles and piles of shit right check this
out I've got the modern warfare and he
did that globe actually I've got the
other one I've got a modern warfare 2
night-vision headset like why that's
right here ladies and gentlemen is gonna
be my last school bag I had ever had
packs before I left high school let's
see what I had in my bag lots of books
that I guarantee have nothing in them
I'll actually be shocked if I had any
work in these because I always lost my
books so like look 99% of the pages were
just empty wasn't even writing about the
I came from Ramon right in my house what
cook what am I writing him oh ho ho I
tell you some of the one class that I
came up all of high school like truly
being like this Tommy lot was business
stories with mr. Lyte for I can't even
still got this book like I didn't take
this on as a GCSE bought I would kind of
wish I did cuz this guy taught me the
most I ever learned about like the value
of products and all that sort of stuff
like like how old one said he taught me
the most but I only got 5 out of 10 ripe
or no he actually taught me so goddamn
much like the power of promotion and all
this art stuff like I truly truly
learned so much from this guy and no I
ain't thrown away my books I'm keeping
my books but like these pieces of paper
is good I thought yeah they can just go
yeah today's been a good day man I got
some Batman skew
dreaming so we making a something nice
hell with your mother
it did help baby get out a minute at any
time like a work not itself so like oh
my neighbor's kid showing I hate you to
death
only sorry well five is a viola that's a
savage little kid well Kathy dough is
around right now because we're cooking
up some food so we're watching the
football game and then once that's done
the game's over the sun's gone down a
bit cooler
what's nice me and Callaghan be shoot me
some fart that playground mode so we're
gonna try and build some Rob have some
fun do some warming ones I'm gonna kick
his ass obviously but we're just gonna
we're gonna hey wha
don't even act like you can outplay me
in Vantaa night and we're gonna see how
things go book I'm calling right now
France Belgium I reckon one more
penalties really I guess you know I
actually think bronze is gonna win
though
Justine all right Senate press is going
so if it goes like this gets clear
though have to pay at least amount
weight money the bank
warning there's a dog on the loose okay
go stand on him Steve's having a little
bit of a Sun babe Oh doing Maggie's
we're doing
oh that's what's going on oh he's
peeling is shedding again
gone Steve this guy's freaking the hell
out right now he's gone dead dog is bids
going out because that plane just flew
over and scared the livin tits
don't worry buddy it's just a really big
bird that's not gonna eat you okay well
Ali said she was gonna be 20 minutes and
she's not so Steven so would you like to
serve Steven some food on his plate on
his plate Dylan Billy Steve enjoy time
she call this what times you call this
how nice of you to join as always thank
you for turning up eventually did she
say she had three gins hey you know I'm
not drinking so she's drinking for me
apparently we're having like a teddy
bear picnic but with animals instead oh
god Oh cats come alice is going
investigating my job with the garage
what did you think oh I did it oh yeah
yeah everything that was my dad's and
that guys I dropped off it is that if
you watch him good look go fuck yourself
oh how clean does that look Steve was
there
he's now crawling away so ever slowly
look at him go Alex stay away from him
stay away from me will get scared
okay go feel suicidal bastard oh my god
yeah you know what if you would've
jumped off it would have just fallen
down the drainpipe okay don't hit me
excuse me no it's just cause her cats
escaped doesn't mean you're allowed to
okay try to crawl the bloody edge oh
there you have it cow I did say France
is gonna win you owe me money you owe me
money
you owe me money from a change of it
blusters cost fifteen quick get day what
do you think of the sunset it's gorgeous
isn't it
one thing you don't get your ass in it
and it don't get sunsets go on Little
Italy little it lid get that priest rain
guy man like 2,000 people just jumping
in a straightaway I shall all these
people pick my drift I appreciate my
appreciate Cletus a geek of what zombie
slayer tell you to tell you two games no
X egg of Syria might appreciate
appreciate preciate donate the best it's
mo carrot and in st. Alex with a flat 52
months me you are insane I like how I
refer to him as the the webcam but
that's kind of basically that it is
should I buy
Carl 30 thousand five hundred ebooks as
a gift why go bro 30 yo Lisa V books BAE
hey good threesome 3 self tree silk you
got a second on it get it good look at
the chat everyone knows yes you get you
get what suits you best
I think this one is definitely of
stealth that's a glittery but I need to
do a shout-out to
declasse one for the 51 month
subscription oh my god well I'm actually
streaming right now live and I got a
shout out Dominator 91
thanks for 5 months subscription I
appreciate it but I never last stream I
said about me and Carl like recording
gameplay series together cuz I look just
making videos like when I feel like it I
just playing a game or whatever and I
was like Matt really won't play
minecraft and I really want to get Carl
play minecraft not like all the time but
you've never tried it right so I want
you to leave a like rating if you think
Carl should play a little bit minecraft
then do a Minecraft series with me where
we're trying to feed the Enderman
together we don't we won't do hardcore
but we'll try and defeat the Enderman
together like the ender dragons the
Enderman the ender dragon will basically
try and complete the game or you can but
along the way will I set challenges if
you've got try and build still see how
good you are at Minecraft and all that
sort of stuff and Kyle's now officially
if you do it has got to make a youtube
channel imposed his side of the videos
on
oh it's good no Kyle's got our game a
YouTube show it's taking like eight
years of known each other for to finally
get to this point but but it was rather
common maybe we can record all the time
you cannot my old PC I think it should
be done alright time for some stream by
the way if you miss the stream make sure
to follow me on Twitter look at me down
description follow me on TV in my life
yes you go right
I thought you gonna say to you bye
who's gonna be a 200 subscriber today
there is in is he gonna be well
someone's donate five dollars but that's
not the children subscriber nonetheless
I appreciate that we filmed it's a
dungeon abuzz about was it now the box
it was another box another box for books
that are oh dude thank you so much in
nylon gins thank you very much for give
to the subscription a link below
Sydney carries no come this is that nine
and nine and 69 is poster mom playing
for at night you know you know get
yourself to that website and buy this
poster can you tell why he works for
British Gas ladies and gentlemen look I
make guys follow me shot some people oh
I must have shout out to Andrea macadam
Liam cutting ttan Joseph Wilson mouths
nod wolf don't name Donna Emerson Roland
Thornton Darren Kyle James Frey Morgan
Greaves and Johan victim ah all right go
on then read it faster there you go well
Jordan Lee thanks Muhammad Abdullah
Margaret Steel Chris gore sean mccoy
Ryan's dog's brain Keith Carroll Scott
Patrick Thomson is Scott Cara smell it
Matthew Nicholson ELISA will and all
aureum lightning that's a very strange
name bye Kelly Matthew sharp knee I'm
Molly knew Louie Armstrong Lana McCoy
Jordan for Arvind Josiah Jose Chris
frost fin Hamsun for are all people
really self-imposed is gonna get signed
that's just a small mouth one chillies
are you having I'm liking how it's half
past 12:00 in the morning I'm still
streaming there's like three thousand
people in is just chillin and Cal still
awake
don't you have a job yeah I can get away
with this cuz I don't have a job but
instead
consonant played placed as you played
Joe Mitch walls if you've never played
this game in Craig bull try beat my high
school 125 million so haha now
everyone's saying hello in the blog oh
hi there goodbye everybody thanks for
tuning in know your beverage loops for
yours like three and a half hours nearly
four hours of streaming whoa no there
yeah that's what that's what you call
having fun time flies when you're having
fun and everyone if you missed out on
the stream today you're played yourself
if you're not following us on Twitter
you follow me all just follow me on
Twitter I tweet out when we're going
live and stuff like that boy we've just
dreamed for like nearly four hours and
it was epic so the team kept we got we
got what what one win after four hours
but we're improving and we're getting
there so keep the hype going that game
though we got eight kills I got eight
kills and you're on for a lot and we
still lost it it's just really obviously
how much bro love that I have for Cal
it's now the next day my arms are
killing me because tomorrow we go to the
gym tea and I am sore from that just
saying I need to go swimming to stretch
my arms out boy what an awesome day got
loads of shit doing up nice and early
today I did get up nicely I only went to
the gym but I haven't done much over
then gym sitting the baths in agony and
then rest all day so I'm gonna go
watching the England game oh let me say
this right now today right now is
Wednesday and there's a thing called
waistcoat Wednesday so I'm totally up to
the pub wearing a waistcoat in like in
honor of the England coach you just
looked so good damn good he looks so
good down fresh so much love to him he's
he's bringing us home so I'm gonna
represent for him at the pub poor guys
thank you for watching the vlog if you
did enjoy it make sure you leave a like
rating if you haven't done make a
YouTube account and click Subscribe if
you are new around here and just
watching these videos every day I do
post every single day 6 p.m. ish today's
was late because I just waited for the
England game to finish and then post it
afterwards but I post videos every
single day of my life for you guys to
enjoy whether I'm traveling the world or
I'm at home my family and stuff like
that and you know what I was dead
apprehensive about spending a good
amount of time back home at the moment
like I'm we're gonna have forties gonna
be things to do but with Alison car
living around the car now it's so much
fun hanging out with them and just doing
stuff that I'm having a really good time
so I hope you all enjoyed and we will
get some travel adventures and drive
belt
soon I was supposed to go to Paris today
but it fell through and just don't know
when it's happening so yeah if you
haven't subscribed click the subscribe
button if you have subscribed there's a
little Bell next to the subscribe button
if you want to ding that for me it'll
turn on notifications so you'll get
notified when the video goes live you'll
never miss a video so until tomorrow
thank you for watching I love you I'll
leave you an asari us
