it's your daily reminder that you've
only got till Sunday at midnight to get
yourself at 9 or 9 or 69 a poster which
me and Carl are gonna be hand signing
every single poster so if you've ever
waited to get anything from syndicate
original com that is the poster to get
will set every single of them we made
you look we may not Alice may sound a
few but me and Carol you'll be hand
signed in every single poster if you
want to get one get one now because
time's running out yes it is cloudy it's
still really hot but it's not raining
but why is your a random water spot
there that makes no sense I'm severely
confused after four years of my own
house my old house I finally finally got
something to put them in four years
later finally it's the simple things
boys you better know it's a brand new
Monday to brandy we've listed some
smooth yes
get myself some water no coca-cola no
any drinks just pure old h2o still not
exactly a perfect day oh god that's a
grey ask clever ah breakfast of
champions healthy chicken chicken
chicken salad sandwich with a snack that
I think is healthy to eat so yeah only
72 calories yeah please this is how much
I don't know how to use my new dry
machine it doesn't have like settings
for delicates all this Arthur I'll put
it in for like 30 minutes and it all
came out wet but I really need a set of
boxes to wear so these are a wet pair of
boxes that are perfectly clean but where
so watch what I'm gonna do all I have to
do is lay out one set of boxes that are
wet grab this
so what
28:20 let me go ahead and interrupt this
vlog right now because guys it's
official have been over a week of me
drinking just nothing but water and say
like orange juice or apple juice and eat
it health it and how do I feel a lot of
people have been asking me let me say
this right now I look really taxed at a
bad night's sleep last night but how am
I feeling what's life like without
alcohol what's it like to not have to be
an alcoholic and we says right now feels
great
it feels absolutely great I feel super
fresh I feel awake even though I do
looked at it but naturally I feel more
alert and like fresh on the mind to
think about things and remember things
that I know it sounds stupid but I've
just been drinking so much what I
probably about six plus litres of water
a day I'm just absolutely caning these
bottles of water that just keep
refilling and refill and refilling
throughout the entire day okay just feel
good look in my fridge and I'm like oh
what could I add there's a chocolate bar
there's a beer and like I really want it
but you know what I'm saying no to it
I've got a full body caterpillar cake in
here that I'm saying no to as well not
to mention the cupboard next door that's
absolutely filled with chocolate it's a
temptation but because I've lived with
it in my house for so long I'm like you
know what as much as I could eat this
now I didn't really eat it when I was
snacking and junking on things anyway so
I'm not gonna wing it anymore so if the
positives I'm feeling fresh I feel
healthier I feel like looser my body
feels good what are the downsides the
BAE's downside would be off drinking
alcohol would be having a hangover what
I'm not drinking so I've had no
hangovers in like a week and I feel
freaking great about that
it usually ruins my next day but the
downsides of not drinking are whenever
you go somewhere and everyone's drinking
whether it's a restaurant a bar or
someone that everyone's always been like
I taught me how to drink about no thanks
I just have a water
oh do another I could do it coca so no
what is fine I like you okay I don't
yeah yeah fine what's wrong yeah I'm
like it's been a bit healthy so it
starts this big Inquisition of like why
you're not drinking that's not you
you've changed why have you changed what
is going on well then there's also the
going to power aids and being around
people who are just drinking for the
full of it and oh my gosh it's the
absolute worst if you know I'm talking
about you know I'm talking about you
have people like my sister or like yeah
look absolutely wasted
oh yeah table of drink no I'm not
drinking we made no drinking your drink
I'm not drinking oh you bore and stopped
drink it stop drink it water drink
alcohol to Mike no I'm good with water
thanks appreciate it but I'm good for
now ah it's gonna be boring my waste of
time and that is definitely the biggest
downside of not drinking alcohol having
other people commenting on you not
drinking alcohol is so good downforce
training like if people were just like
okay you know drink you fine and just
left it I'll be like great I can get on
out you can enjoy it it seems like it
becomes everyone's mission to try and
get you to drink my art um just have a
beer uh what'll be fine you know go on
I've got whiskey code or worries I've
got a lot of calories in it so mom like
he's taking a piss first of all it does
and second of all I don't any alcohol
there's mega frustrating ball I can
definitely say I was that person going
go on drink it should said to me the
word drinking I'd like what's wrong with
were you doing you wait while you do
that I've got drink drink drink drink
I don't like peer pressure them into
drinking so I've got a bit more of a fun
respect for people who aren't drinking
if they were just not drinking for the
sake you're not drinking I'd be like Oh
drink you know before life for the part
it really hurt I just hit my wall it'll
just get them involved because most of
time like someone says they're not
drinking they're just not in the mood or
some or that and you can like bring them
round soon like come on yeah go I'll go
another bitch before you know it the
absolutely white go wasted and I could
say hun don't ha that I have not had any
alcohol since I said I wasn't drinking
and getting ready for the fight with Joe
now the fight is off as you guys know
but I've been sticking to trying to eat
healthy trying to work out I'm going to
the gym tomorrow a cow doing gains day
so I'm ready to just don't get it I'm
going on a bike ride in about 20 minutes
I'm just not at any alcohol don't get me
wrong I have actually wanted to like
with all these England football games
and stuff like that I'm like couldn't
treat the England football game just let
my cheat day of drinking like drinking
all the days apart from that one day but
then I don't really want that hangover
for the next day something like it's not
even worth it cat is stressful but all
in all I've only been going about nine
nearly ten days of drinking no alcohol
and eating healthy and I feel really
good I truly feel the benefits I didn't
think I would do but I definitely do I
feel fresher I feel like happier I
definitely have more fun drinking that's
without a doubt and eating whatever I
want to be I definitely have more fun
doing that that's 110 percent fact but
I'm just getting used to it so go try
maybe for the full month we'll see how
that goes not entirely sure how that's
gonna pan out but a full dry month of
July sounds like a good plan to me do I
really want to do it nah am I gonna do
it probably Oh for the record for people
being like Tom are you actually not
drinking for like this period of time
because you think you're an alcoholic
like you know I would joke about like oh
man I'll call it because like I'm always
drinking and that says no I just felt
like it cuz I traveled so much I meet so
many people every time I get together
something like oh let's go for a drink
or let's go for a drink it's so easy to
go like day after day after day or every
other day meeting up with people and
going having a drink cause it's like a
casual thing in the UK we casually drink
so it's like goth food have a bit go get
a drink in this one get a drink so it's
just like time for a little bit of
change see how I feel and that's all
not that I actually thought I was an
alcoholic not in the slightest I'm
having any symptoms of withdrawal not
that I know of what you know your body's
looking on smart going to theatres
please can you move osmond oh yeah
actually indicates have go left thank
you yep this is actually a thing I'm
actually going seeing Mamma Mia as per
there is possibly only ten men in this
entire building right now
but remove it well the first half was
pretty awesome
everyone's now John getting themselves
in snaps Malka home and i'm doing either
because I'm healthy and because my
eyesight so bad now I had to rent
binoculars for a pound so I could see
everybody was standing up
so when we parked the car down here I
put like money in the machine
but I put money in the machine at 24
minutes past for half an hour the ticket
was like that's all it lasted because it
8 o'clock it was free like an idiot I
was like oh at this six minutes on
the ticket that's one paid for so we may
now have a 60-pound fine we're in the
middle of manchester city centre so the
chances are very high but wait to see
proof orchids cause the car is reticular
the front of it there's not but that
doesn't mean they haven't posted as one
we put in exactly one pound 45 for 30
minutes but then we realized we had six
minutes we can't pay for because it's
free 8 p.m. so luckily we got away with
it
now time to go find some food no I
really want to eat here place called
Australasia I've never been down proper
sushi place
unfortunately he closed however on the
website it was open the last time I was
here I did find plastic in my food and
then the time after that the food and I
remember on my birthday was delayed by
like half an hour so I'm gonna try one
last time at the home tomorrow and hope
we have a perfect me say that the guy
just rolled over it was like yesterday
but the kitchens closed I was like why
you doing this Superman like butter roll
to McDonald's nuts for a salad there's
no try nice days we're out of ice teas
and unfortunately the one Tomahawks
we're out on like toasted baguette kind
of healthy right it's fish absolutely
sublime sublime sublime sublime I'm
always about 10 out 7 seriously 10 outs
at butter get those games spinach
mushroom ribeye steak nah I wanted a
healthy dessert so it came to McDonald's
and I ask for a fruit bag a fruit bag at
my guards and they don't have it they
try to make me get fun so I'm not no
don't forget guys if you want to get
yourself one of the syndicate original
post is that cowl design for my birthday
they're on sale till Sunday at midnight
and once they're gone they're gone
they'll never be on sale again and me
and Cal will not be signing any other
posters unless we meet you in person so
guys thank you very much for watching
today's vlog it was very random but you
know I went you're too theatre it takes
up like a massive proportion of your day
and unfortunately you can't film it I
get that because it's like you know
going to a movie and filming the movie
and spy on it but like something like
Mamma Mia like everyone's seen one with
me everyone knows it's a musical and
stuff I so I think it would have been
more beneficial to film little portions
like legally allowed to film like a
total of 1 minute of footage from a -
our 30-minute like play and that way
it's like wait for you till I share with
your friends but promotion like in the
vlog for example like then people are
like well I like this small portion I'm
gonna go and watch the full thing so
unfortunately couldn't film it I know it
sucks but it is what it is I'm gonna go
now thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like button
subscribe I'll see you tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next day a vlog which I
hope is on time where I have a very
productive day and I get absolutely
loads done so until then you'll see
where I got up to will do some good
stuff and I will see you then
so sign our mother truckers if much love
under stop deep us
