today's a good day if I don't get out of
bed and do something the day is going to
be over it's currently 6 o'clock at
night and I've done fuck-all seriously
I've done nothing all day
I did that thing of me like getting
ready I got changed the day is still
sunny I'm absolutely starving I'm not
eating anything since I woke up but I've
just I just felt like a blur kind of a
better lazy day I edit my vlog from
yesterday got it up to YouTube and now I
can start my day but I don't really know
what to do
screw it KFC sounds like an excellent
breakfast at 6 o'clock in the afternoon
why the hell not I could tell you for a
fact I need a haircut so I think
tomorrow Monday when the barbers is open
I'm going to go and get it a nice little
trim it isn't this feel just lovely
every time I look at it I think of like
the windows screensaver sort of thing
but oh there's my neighbor hello no to
your face ha gay I'm son that was like
the quickest KFC to prevent the doing my
life I'm actually gonna get it in like 7
minutes unless there's no traffic I got
stuck at one red light and I ordered the
food and it like just came straight away
so I'm now gonna just watch my Windows
desktop and you my KFC and for the
record the only thing I get at KFC if
you're ever gonna take me on a date is
the bone was banquet I don't really like
bony chicken kind of weird and gravy is
aside so fuck yours this right here this
is why I'm talking about please be good
sizes oh yes I feel like starting a sort
of war in my comments right now around
fast food okay now are you ready for the
war and you guys better get ready in
your comments down below but this is
what I'm saying
McDonald's chips as general fries are
the best fast-food chips
KFC's tastes like shit and Burger Kings
are too big and too fluffy now I'm just
not one of them so we leave a comment
down below as to what your favor is cuz
I'm gonna try one now just the record to
show you that I'm being fair
they're just this tasteless tasteless
nobler add your own Souls hair they're
supposed to be nice loads of people ask
me where blogs
what's this bottle of champagne in this
glass cabinet and now this isn't like
for security reasons the case like soon
broke in and stole it it's behind a
locked cage so I have another party and
stuff my friends can drink this alcohol
here but they don't drink this this is
for special occasions it's an ace of
spades
it's like a really nice champagne which
I'm saving like for I don't know exactly
what special occasion maybe I'll know
some epic happens like my sister has a
baby I keep saying in case my sister has
a baby or she gets married or someone
that but that's what it's for
so I hope that answers your guys
questions
my dad surprised me on my birthday
god dammit magic magic magic magic magic
okay I tell you something I am some sort
a special person because I decided that
you know these these party poppers that
you're like you're a poet like a little
confetti comes out of it well decided to
light one of them like a bit of diner
dynamite like it was gonna explode which
it doesn't but Allah and I was like oh
yeah I'll put it out it's pretty stupid
what to put it out
fucking piece plastic fell out of Burma
index finger so got must burn on it I'm
just I'm just not happy okay basically
burnt myself so now I can't play video
games because I think things going but
I'm still gonna play video games cause I
don't care accent your play video games
and man oh man do I need a fucking
haircut my hair's just has too long so
to continue my daily vlog you know I
decided to stream for a bit so I'm
streaming for a bit and everything's
going well I decide to do a hardcore
minecraft world I'm in the nether I'm
getting instructed about my twitch chat
talking about porn and pollen counts and
am i banging India and neighbor Alice
questions and I'm like what the fuck
and this just happened so I'm in the
nether and I'm about to unpause my game
I'm currently playing on hardcore yeah
hey yo chat hey yo yeah that's all you
everyone's laughing everyone say hi and
rent-a-racer oniy I my Minecraft world
lasted a whole hour and 30 minutes
cannot respond
I died in the hardcore world great you
ready and delete we'll just right just
fucking great still don't know what to
do today so I decided to make a crisp
booty and a lovely glass of juice and
this is a question for all you Americans
does this class's punch is this actually
punch to you guys because I'm trying to
work out if that's what it is bought
this is a tutorial now I have to make a
Chris boy step one do that step two you
get your the slice throw it on top push
it down and then you eat the rest that
that George Oriole I'm how do you eat
that Chris Botti oh well I was looking
at like who actually Craig I thought oh
and I decided to type it in but I was
like man that is so much to type but
then I realize goggle has the search
thing so we're gonna try and mess around
with some audio clips Yuri what is the
size of a whale's left eyebrow this is
amazing I will try another we'll try
another one when does the moon come out
at midnight on a Tuesday afternoon
whilst flying in the field of dreams
no way that's sick okay well that's one
I'll do it in an accent so when you're
looking down the ship with your nostrils
and your big left testicle falls off
what happens to your right not sac
couldn't do it I think we spoke too much
boy I actually did it for the most part
I like trains Google show me some
pictures of some motherfucking train
bitch yes it may right now look like
I've just woke up the next day but it's
actually um there's actually 6 a.m. in
the morning no 7:00 every morning and
I'm finally going to bed I don't know
why I've done this to myself I was
playing my old cat all night will mark a
character called Iggy
I just didn't get it all night until the
very
second I tried and tried and tried all
night all night I finally got it bought
and what's bad now so this is a thing
that happens quite like I am I like my
life there's days where I don't really
do much so I trying like throw stuff in
to make it fun spicy but we'll just see
how things go but tomorrow go get a
haircut so let's get that done guys
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating let's try
to see if we can hit 50,000 I know it's
like we usually hear about 20,000 let's
try see if we can hit 50,000 because you
guys are beasts make sure you subscribe
and you'll see more of my face and if
you haven't got you sound like I've got
a cold and if you haven't made a YouTube
account make YouTube account click
subscribe and you'll hopefully never
miss some video from me so until
tomorrow thanks for watching and good
bye to your lovely faces
