well I said oh the terrible night's
sleep of the books the lack of reasons
room makes it very very sweaty at night
most uncomfortable things I've ever
slept in ever you know what it's been a
great trip saw packing up the bags
getting in the van after the airport
this would be the second time this
holiday
I've actually been awake at 10:00 a.m.
every other day I woke up at like 12:00
or 1:00 oh wow this is so French pitch
rest to you paraglider Cheers with the
Nutella sandwich everything is just so
ordnance so French we gift sorted out
and this guy's absolutely blazed it on
down go on that kid I think this is the
first year I've actually bought a gift
for someone that whilst I've been away
so I feel quite nice actually because
everything in here is kind of strange
you know you got like a pillow with the
cow on it
you've got turkeys and chickens and
stuff oh you're so often say well it's
dilly dilly in French I'd love to know
what that translation is we're all like
what the hell is going on here because
we thought this guy was actually skiing
pastures Jack is training for what is it
you do - it's like skiing and shooting
and he trains during the summer on these
bad boys I don't think I could ever do
that I crush with his second best look
there it is my friend
go for it nice so random what what are
the chances of me bumping into that guy
and being like first of all that is the
most random thing I've ever seen and
then second of all it's fun min I don't
want to leave Chris I'm gonna miss you
more than anyone sorry Tom sorry I'm
sorry everyone else but such a good time
so many sensible moments with each other
that I'll never forget
you've always touched me deep right
enjoy yourself yeah don't don't break
yourself anymore you look after him all
right cuz I said I want you inside me
all close to me I'll soon change home
time in time I'll take a photo
our entrance pits event you're gonna
check the bun and they will find your
massive collection okay that's not what
I was expecting temps take about speedin
I mean Switzerland damn it
failed twice then weather is absolutely
gone I go on that go on whether he's
absolutely gorgeous but it's home time
we got to check the bags so I was gonna
leave my bike in his van like we did on
the way out in and then get it back a
few weeks bought carrying it back
ourselves so that's gonna be a process
first trip to France what was your
favorite thing don't rush Tom good on
you mate this is a big queue appreciate
it that's what we did we just throw the
bike on this but boy and see you when we
get to Manchester hopefully
I just don't get why they do it don't
get it
area is more lad gray I'm good
I don't know how they've got on the back
like I'm seat for TV so technically
we're like in the middle of the plane
saw on this average fucking hack so
clean watching talk every book I've
returned ever everything even looks
he's right little elephant
are you ready to count the touchdown
well
can you believe very much Esther oh my
gosh I'm okay with this oh great
airport security at Manchester Airport
yeah again there he goes all the way to
the end of where these people are
spinning around all the way down there
and then into the security room it was
at this moment that Tom realize he never
wants to fly ever again look how deep it
goes
look it's successfully collected and
Graham has my back
oh ye goodbye my friend til next time
not a single cloud in the sky in
Manchester oh my god listen win eight
days later we return I'm pretty sure
from the West Texas just got that it's
like it's impossible logistics it's
coming home it's coming home to go from
this traffic
Oh God down seven feel like I'm in Los
Angeles right now
home sweet home that hot in England and
has been for so long look how singed all
the grasses this one doesn't look too
bad compared to that jeez feel like I'm
in America it's hotter here than it was
in front look at it oh my gosh I was
gonna say it's not a cloud in the sky
pop from that one right there absolutely
sweltering I've been stewing the Sun for
about three seconds and I'm boiling at
itself you know why it makes me happy to
be home cuz rather than it taking me
like an hour to edit every video it
takes me about 15 20 minutes if that and
then I can render it in five info okay
to a focus camera in five rather than 50
and don't even get me started about my
upload yep these are the kind of days I
live for also side note you see how hot
it is in England it's that hot this was
cooked to death Wow
I am team wasp cooking to death and you
might be like that's really mean nope
they can kill me I'm allergic
I don't see a light on in you over there
iam what is going on let's actually
disgust him how you doing buddy is your
bulb gone is it popped it doesn't feel
like it's gone too long ago because it
doesn't feel cold are you doing you
missed me
to be fair I don't think he gives a
flying tit oh come on England
come on 38 minutes into this game north
it's a food problem they all want to
just keep kicking up in each other kinda
ridiculous
hey this game's gonna end in an absolute
scrap rather than anything else about to
knock each other out I should not be
watching this game simply because we
always lose okay but we're about to take
off those penalty one game come on Kay
if we have to win this it's coming home
it's coming oh this is the desert what
the heck is excessive like I don't care
about football but I care about this so
putley air about England come on make it
happen now that got it boom you've got a
missus you're gonna miss this you
terrible you the worst player in the
world what is this yep we booked up shit
take that there we go Oh one's a number
fool oh my god well done lads and what
an amazing end to a vlog ladies and
gentlemen every single football game I
think I've ever watched we've always
lost and I've always been that one thing
that that common ground of I went to
this game we lost I went to that game we
lost therefore I was cursed and even
when it comes down to watching the sport
when I watch it we lose so the fact that
England won that I think it's fair to
say it's coming home but it news as to
what isn't actually coming home is gonna
be the job well a fight now you might be
really disappointed maybe very excited
being like thank God time you probably
not gonna be face smashed in is an
actual fact that it will not be going
ahead and it does really suck I've had
everyone scrambling around to try and
make this happen as fast as possible we
truly did try to jump on this
opportunity at a month and like 25 days
to do this I said from day one that if
I'm gonna do this I want to work with
the hotend team because they're
literally round the corner for me Ricky
Hatton's house is quite literally behind
that tree and I'm not saying that
because like I'm gonna go out to his
house and work out and have him
personally trained me he adds an entire
epic team of like boxing trainers and
coaches and fitness people at his gym
and they pull off amazing performances
fire - fire - fire - fire and I was like
if I'm gonna do this I'm gonna do this
as long as these guys can train me and
they can say you can I can't get in
shape to do this but sadly the team and
everyone reached out to be like yo this
is the opportunity Tom's got like a
month and a half to get fit and he's
willing to give it his all it'll be
their everyday lives around the corner
they said they love the opportunity but
simple fact is they're completely full
in-house and I'm not just saying like
it's a gym where you know you go and do
weights and stuff like that it would
to take me on board and to fully train
me day after day after day after day
just to get to a point of white peak
physical standard within such a small
amount of time which is you know you're
not gonna get to people is called
standard in that amount of time but I
was willing to give him at all I'm
willing to give it my everything and
they understood that but unfortunately
they are just completely filled with
like the fights with the pros and the
trainer's that they've got in there at
the moment that they can't actually give
me that time to focus on this fight if
they manage to turn me around from like
the fitness level I am up now to a
capable standard of fighting and then
win the fight it would have been
absolutely incredible for them I do
understand it being a risk of them
saying we don't want to take it on just
like it's a risk of we're putting our
name behind it and if we put our name
behind it it doesn't get to a standard
of what we want in to fight and then he
loses it you know could look bad on them
but more than anything from what I've
been told they were stoked about the
opportunity but they just physically
couldn't do it a lot of people on the
same page of me is like it's like a mint
story to be like I used Ricky Hatton's
local gym being a local lab like growing
up being a massive fan of him my entire
life I've got a story of Ricky Hatton
actually walking in my house once
knocked on my door walk to the front
door I open that I do maybe walk
straight to my house and I was like are
you okay and it turns out he had the
wrong house he was like as your daddy I
was like my dad's at home when my house
is being built and he's like your dad
Walter I was like my dad's called Ken
and he was like oh sorry and left it was
like the most random thing I've been a
fan of ricky hatton my entire life I see
him out drinking my local pub and stuff
it was like it would've been like such a
cool story to just give me everything
like training with like a local hero and
then just absolutely smashing it out of
the park it would be so goddamn good and
give it our everything but unfortunately
the trainer that would like to be
working with and everything isn't
available so that sucks
but I'm not just holding this whole like
all the fights not on because of that
situation there is the logistical thing
of insomnia and to be fair this is
probably this this is the thing that
killed the entire fight I signed up to
go into insomnia which is a gaming event
it's the biggest gaming event in the UK
and I go like every year like twice a
year and it used to be a three-day event
then he changed to a four-day event and
I go from 10:00 a.m. in the morning till
6:00 p.m. at night like usually finishes
around 7:00 and I'm like meet and found
non-stop no matter what logistically
speaking I'd be finishing mind meet and
greets on the Saturday which is the
busiest day of the entire insomnia
gaming weekend I'd be finishing that
between 6:00 and 7:00 p.m. and my fight
slot is 7:30 p.m.
now when I called up Joe I had no idea
of the time slots I had no idea like if
it could or couldn't happen it was all
like you know we'll throw it up in the
air we'll get it going and we'll make
sure it can actually go down cuz
mentally I'm down I'm down for the fight
there's nothing that puts me off getting
into a ring and fighting with someone
that doesn't like you can throw me in
the ring with someone and I'd fire them
apply it right well if I gotta lose I if
I win are they they went it's it's a
simple outcome like yeah if they're
fitter than you they're gonna kick the
living shit out your butt if you can
give yourself a chance then I'm down to
do it it doesn't have that mental affect
on me if oh no I can't do it I'm down to
do something I'm down to win it but with
this scenario it was a really good idea
thrown together so fast randomly at
night and it was like let's do this Joe
was like let's do this we started
messaging we start getting all text down
and we just need to confirm it by today
July the fourth none fortunately it just
works out as it's just not possible
it really isn't purely a logistical
thing that I've already signed up to do
something and I'm not able to do it so I
am good however I am gonna be training
I'm gonna be getting in shape I'm gonna
be getting ready for a potential new
undercard on the next set of fights so
it's gonna be all up in the air as to
who's gonna fight who or what's gonna
happen but we'll just do when we get
there it gives me more time to get like
fit I did read a lot of comments being
like Tom I've been doing boxing my
entire life and you're gonna do it for a
month and a half good effort on you
saying like you're mentally gonna commit
to and all that but it's gonna be an
absolute struggle boss and I'm not naive
enough to like to go now I can do that
I've become
Floyd Mayweather in that time what you
talk about like not at all I know I
wouldn't be at the peak of where I
needed to be or anywhere close but I'm
still willing to commit to it and try
and make it happen cuz if I believe
something's gonna happen it's gonna
happen so I'm going that this is planned
out the way it has it's not the end of
the fighting talk and I know a lot of
people like you just stay away from the
fine talk Tom let's just not do that I
owned represent agree like it is a lot
of drama with like the whole JJ and
Logan thing but in this scenario it's a
really fun opportunity for me and Joe
like he wanted to call out and have a
fight with anyone I'm like you know give
me the opportunity to get fit I'll do it
and we can maybe pants up tonight it
should be pretty sick it's a shame it
planned out like this it really is jump
the gun a little bit you know with
knowing whether or not I was free are we
were able to actually even make it to
the event on time I just figured that
like you know where there's a world is a
way you can logistically make it happen
but in this case it just turns out not
so much so I'm gonna end today's vlog
here guys thank you very much for
watching make sure you leave a like
rating I'll see you
tomorrow at 6:00 p.m. for the next day
vlog which you know I've not actually
managed to keep on time for like the
past week but you know we'll see how
things go I'm back home I'm settling
we're all okay now we know the situation
I'm gonna get planning some fun
adventures see where we can get to
you're gonna stay on the fitness
grinders there and the healthy grind I'm
still very down to not drink alcohol but
truly when the weather's just like this
it's kind of hard to say no to a beer my
name is Tom I'm not an alcoholic but I
haven't drank for five days but anyway
I'll see you guys tomorrow 6:00 p.m. as
for the next vlog which left your faces
leave that light gray and subscribe I'll
see you guys then
adios
