where the hell have you been what are
you doing man why are you not talking to
me hey guys Cindy here and I am back in
the United States of America where it's
pretty quiet you know it's pretty quiet
but I'm going to open my door right now
and let this Sun for the win no I don't
like that anyway wait a minute in the US
I'm not streaming today it's quite fun I
done some streaming and for your guys
disappointment the wall of dicks has
been removed yeah
politics and twerking tutorials the
reason that got removed is because you
might notice that the house is insanely
clean and just to show that outlet that
is a Christmas tree that is a real
Christmas tree
that I bought for Christmas for the
everyone in the house and it's been
there now for over five minutes so but
happen but the hyung is it house is
insanely clean as you can see the only
print you'll see here of which you can
literally see them her paw prints from
the dog because the dog just fucking sit
down she's dead Harry sits in grass sits
in his lap I'm gonna go a load of dead
grass from you and he goes yeah burn in
the house then he runs in the house and
it just gets everywhere and that's what
the dog does and I'm gonna try and you
know what I'm gonna try and see how many
laps I can do of this circular area that
we've got in the house so my boy hundred
Tom wagon US of A and the big things I'm
gonna quickly throw it out you know that
whole talk about me working on my own
game yeah that's that's in the mix
that's in the list of things to do next
most common think syndicate when are you
next during your next series on
minecraft or just videos in general and
the answer to that as I look at a moth
in a spiderweb the next sector that is
I'm doing another series with optic
we're gonna be doing it we're just
waiting for it to be made it's a custom
game mode that no one will have played
before and it's our own shindig array
awesomeness that we're making and you
know what it's gonna be fun I'm looking
forward to releasing it in a sense I
don't know we're gonna put on my server
or we're just gonna release it's a
public once it's maybe because it's
gonna be a game mode that everyone's
gonna want to play with their friends
and but you'll need like you know you
need a minimum of like 4 people actually
probably could even do as a 1v1 but it's
really fun are you guys gonna little bit
I'm not actually seeing the map yet or
actually played the game mode
you we all know Declan our community I'm
saying you know what he's been doing a
good job of everything and that guy's a
beast just to throw it out there if you
guys haven't played my own minecraft
server which is owned by me Declan and
pixel planet the guy fucking crazy at
doing what he goes I'm not deck isn't
what we boy I'm deck for everything and
basically what you've got net it's still
up guys if you didn't know and a lot of
people still ask me to stay like her
when are you getting a server I have one
I just don't often restream on it all
the time because like when I stream game
modes I get everyone in my game and it
ruins like you know the play of it which
kind of sucks so that those would be
wondering if you go to multi cube net on
the internet it'll take you to a website
and I'll give you the IP which is still
more cubed up there and if you go there
you'll be able to play on the microf
server so that's been going awesome and
really fun stuff at but in other news
see this this is the og syndicate sure
when I say og syndicate sure this is the
og syndicate og sure because it's the
original syndicate original shirt that
was first printed and you guys went
crazy for it but we're bringing it back
everyone's been asking for it because
like you know they were saving up for
one then we shut the store and then they
were like uh what the fuck you know we
wanted this one show which is rural your
your logo as you can see here sanik
original but everyone wanted everyone
you can see how the changes we've gone
with the companies to be called sending
up projects original you never know in
the future I might change the company
name again it's fucking crazy it's just
how the brand develops and but because
you guys have been supporting it so much
and demanding it we're bringing this
back and I want to say this week maybe
we're bringing it back for Americans now
you know like it's we tried to do it at
the same time but we bring you back for
Americans you know it's up for sale when
it comes out in the UK so up for the
sale in the UK but it's available and
you guys can get it when it's live and
just to throw something out here
shipping now when it comes out in the UK
is dirt cheap in the UK and if you order
it on a Monday I think we've like
organised it like so you'll get it
within like a week like that's how quick
the shipping is now because we're the
all company we used to work with people
were putting in orders and it said once
two-week delivery which we didn't
organize it we literally just use them
to print and deliver with and we were
like okay you guys can do a good job of
this hopefully and at first he could but
when they overall just got overwhelming
you're like we cannot do this and he was
taking three weeks to a month to get a
shirt delivered which sucked so luckily
we're doing it ourselves my sister's
taken care of like you know the pea
stuff like that and my mom's doing like
all the behind scenes and it's like a
family company now which is really cool
and boy it you know it wouldn't exist
without this part of you guys and you
know that we've been doing the request
that you guys say like can you make
stickers and we've been making stickers
we're making hoodies down the line like
we're literally in the process of making
the hoodies and printing the coating
like the logos I don't stuff are putting
the tags in the back of it and stuff so
we're in the process of doing all these
things you guys want like the stickers
are available to buy now we've got like
the riot line sticker we've got the
samurai which sueda did which is awesome
which is a new design that will come
down in the future hopefully you guys
are like that it's something like every
one of my designs isn't gonna revolve
around the lion not like the og shirt
the og logo will be on the shirt but
there can be any sort of random design
and so if there's something that I like
in my crave eyes are like I want this or
I think of something I'm going yeah or
Evans like this is what this would have
made what do you think and I just give
it the go-ahead then that becomes a
shirt and that's just how it works and
I've been seeing you guys going crazy on
Twitter with like tweeting or saying
that you've got your collections of each
shirt like since we retired so that
would be their original the charged the
riot lion the riot light at one color
and then there was one
what is the one other the silico t-shirt
the bright line charged and the one
class I think this for yeah I think
there was four designs the one color by
the way was the riot lion but rather
than cord it was just an outline of all
the individual pieces in it which looked
dope so that's what's going on that's
everything I am still walking around in
silicones by the way and the reason why
I do this is because I mentioned you
know like how many sounds count so if
you're a badass enough to watch this
again and workout are you having Karen
since I said it I did say well count how
many times how many times I have been
walking around in circles because we'll
find out but yeah I'm going to go back
swim into that pretty stoked about that
it's the first time I will have been
swimming since you know when I was back
in the UK when I was in the US last I
went swimming religiously like every
other day it's like a thing I did and I
swam the 2500 meters no matter how long
it took me but I tried my hardest and
like worked I like crazy doing it and it
was fucking awesome felt really fit
really good about myself you know I
skate on down there listen to some good
music and then once that was all done I
was like right sweet
take a day break and then carry on the
swimming and
stuff like that but when I came back to
the UK it's like yeah I'm gonna stick to
routine every other day but when I went
to like the local pool it was really
shitty it was like all women swimming in
front of me in my way and kids playing
in my way I'm like a school day and I
was like fuck this this is just from
frustrating I don't want this I'm just
not even going to do it I know it sucks
it was my decision but I just decided
that I didn't even want it so I'm gonna
continue it on here whilst I'm in the
u.s. but just it's less than a month
that I'm here because I'm working out
here now you know we started out the
visa I decided that I'll literally have
stuff I need to do and work out there so
we got the visa and that's what I'm
doing so I'm gonna continue swimming so
I got some of these swimming goggles
which are like black with you've got
like mirrored balled lenses so when
someone looks at me rather than seeing
like my eyes like in the background they
see like this badass reflection of
themselves so it's like intimidation so
when you when I used to do swimming
races they don't like goggles are you I
would want because when someone looks at
me and then like row you see themselves
so they can like intimidate you with a
look I remember when I was I used to do
like competitive swimming and this one
time the other team was winning this the
other team was winning when I saw us one
for height seal the other team was like
absolutely beast in about half a length
which is a lot in swimming terms in
relay so it went one two three four and
I was number four but last and basically
this guy got in and was like looked at
me and went so you any good and I was
like I knew I was good I was that I was
like the fastest in my age and even
though I was the oldest I would've been
the fastest in the club for doing a
front crawl freestyle which she's not
from crawl but not just that but you
know you seen the video of me doing it
if you have and basically I just was
like I'm alright so this guy set off
with half the length ahead of me and as
soon as my point cave I just fucking
dived in the water
I absolutely dived in and was you're
fine it's like absolutely rocketed down
there and absolutely loved it I'll be
like one of my favorite swimming
memories because I always felt like I
was being cheeky like modest like or you
could swim I was like alright you know
you're not gonna go yeah I'm the fucking
best
I met swimmers like that and then when
you beat him you're like you but a
winner god when I smashed that guy
swimming I was like fuck yeah and I was
that like they're proud of that moment I
think I always will be I think it's
always good to us the memories like that
but then when I got to the end and then
I think
I'm pretty sure I did something like
yeah I'm alright to him and then he was
like huh because his team was winning
and then we'd be in IB IBM for the team
because that team was like behind and
then I brought back her team so it's
like yeah so here's me right now
watching some videos with myself and
trying to organize stuff and before I go
swimming in about three hours so I tried
to do a bit of a video to be honest
saying that I'm in the u.s. my series
with optic will be starting up hopefully
soon I want to say this week but I'll
have to see how things go with what how
we did a lot um the long survivors one
is we wanted to get all the episodes
recorded which we did we got every
single have pause now stop walking
around so you have to keep count so the
way we did that was you know it was we
wanted to get every single episode
recorded so when the series started
there was never a day where there wasn't
a video and you know so it kept going
kept going get going and I know people
want to say like oh you should have done
this you should have done that in
between series and I love taking ppl
speed back which is like a let's play
and that's the audience integrate with
what we're doing but with the way we
were to do that series in this series is
you know we want to be able to just sort
of have the content made so there's no
fuck-ups and if there is we can work on
solving it so it never gets to day where
it's like oh there's no videos
unfortunately the optic guys didn't
quite do it the way I did it is in I
have every video of schedule and
sometimes it fucked up you know I went a
bit earlier there's some youtubers she
ratted Lee and put it up well yeah but
hey I think I can hear the dog I don't
think I can I don't think I can hear the
dog I can't hear no doggy will see from
us as in but hopefully with this series
guys it's gonna be really fun it should
last quite a while but not like in a
time wasting think it should be really
good fun content with the goals and aims
that are in this series that you guys
are really enjoy but I've been cat it
doesn't do me any justice there but I've
caught some Sun already I've been
chilling outside with the mother of
footings I'm gonna see if it's in here
now
little bitch the dogs up there somewhere
yes so I'm was has no muscles gone out
this is this is Moses Moses crap he's
gone alright he's left his door open
though so mother's not there the dogs
upstairs only I could hear him I could
hear him but he's running around
upstairs I think
Tucker's recording so yeah I'm gonna go
now I just wanted to catch up with you
guys and talking about random shit if
you watched it leave like rate subscribe
and if you're new around here like don't
forget to subscribe
obviously we're talking around it it's
my pleasure where I put like nice
running videos well that made me really
this way
holy fuck thank you see my eyes like but
then yeah I'm gonna go gonna blow this
video and then I go chill a little bit
after I've just eaten a fucking pizza
Jesus Christ American food is so good
and I'm gonna go swimming we'd like to
go for a jog I'm not gonna lie I took
him in for a job today and it's kind of
like something where I was like you know
what reason I'm gonna do that pair of
running shoes the first time I came to
LA but said like you know I bought some
like really good running shoes and I was
like yeah I'm really gonna get fit like
I did one power walk to a mall what'd
you call it mall in the UK shopping
center yeah like a shopping center and
then that was it never really did
anything else again so we'll just have
to see how it goes so yeah that's it I
shared some Daisy as well by the way
today if you missed it then make sure
you go to twitch the TV for a signature
and follow me but until then I'm going
to go I'm go to my person
