it's a beautiful day in paradise we're
ready for day two let's get some
breakfast I'd like to say had a pretty
good night's sleep but I couldn't
breathe that one knows because the hay
fever of my entire body is killing me
fuck day two is edited about to render
it all the rest of the boys have gone on
the ride this morning whilst I'm sat
here doing this hopefully I can get the
vlog uploaded before I go out and then I
can go right in for the rest of the day
cause it vibes good vibes we're gonna
ride we're gonna shred the gnar I've now
got my GoPro looking like she's facing
the sky which it is but when I'm aiming
down it's gonna be facing where I need
to go what
awesome so cool look at it seriously it
just keeps going and going and going
like where do you look over here this
you over here this view is just insane
oh I wasn't expecting that on the trail
okay not in the slightest
wait this way
oh this way dinnertime we've made it for
food that's a very nice little
restaurant a part of the bikes we're now
in a little Valley I said well I say
little Valley this is absolutely
gigantic we're in a valley in between
all the mountains that we can race down
some food in some drinks because my
GoPro footage has come out absolutely
awesome
and I've been absolutely pitting the
ride so fast oh yeah
like a burger back to burgers I'm let
off a little piece of nut tonight's the
night we drink but I'm feeling good
about the bike you know I'm saying that
in confidence like if you think it about
the bike the GoPro setups sick really
happy with the footage that's turning
out now but we're gonna go up this cable
car all the way to the top of here and
then I believe we're gonna go down to
the side do some riding up there get
back up come down this track we see
these bikers and I'm gonna fly through
there which is known as the goat village
so let's hopefully see some goats we're
high now there's actually snow we have
definitely peaked as a species to the
point where we're we got bored and we're
zipping people along why is down valleys
nice very nice action
yep good boy holy shit
I was catching you on every single burn
easy yeah the default is this so what's
the damage report just that's why you
wear kneepads protection boys always
wearing you may skip out and wearing a
condom but don't skip out on your
protection for biking tell you got now
all right look it's just marbles
okay so I held off saying this just yet
but I'm starting to get a bit worried
no signs of Chris or my dad I set off
first and then me Chris and my dad went
off then I crashed
that was the halfway point down the hill
and then we set off and they were all
following us but now our Chris nor Ken
have made it down so hopefully it's just
a flat tire or something like that and
hopefully they've not injured themselves
on the mountain what you doing there
turns out they're okay they just went to
the next village to village done it on
earth random goats let's take one home
you doing you crank they're everywhere
i stinks of poo
never grow boys a childish we are
literally riding through heaven right
now this is absolutely gorgeous
okay I'm not sure about this um this is
definitely not the way we're supposed to
go in like in the slightest no idea
where I'm going
so why the hell
however I tell em I know I'll go this
way
they thought I was going the wrong way
made my own trail yeah which one we got
thing for wait you swung from there all
the way across the lake to the other
side this is just pure bliss right here
no swimming seriously why where have you
been ladies you just can't quite
comprehend the scale of that can you
that is just stupid wait where oh wow
absolutely gorgeous man I could do a day
of joy
this is the part of the ride no one
enjoys when we ride back the way we did
there's no easy way to get home
other I'm pushing it you could ride for
this exhausting welcome boys epic day
okay alright home then on this brutal
absolutely brew look at the sweat coming
off me
that's my exercise done for the month
home sweet home
time for some beers an entire crate cold
is five euros one individual cold one is
1 euro 22 this we've Pete Bonjour
we've got a bucket to fill with water
fill it with ice and then put the beers
in it next level next level genius the
proud as a son with big boys we've got
MP banquet day - not bad the concrete
doesn't melt it we've got a lid for it
and it belt turns up as a bar I
absolutely hate strawberries boy
everyone's orgasming around this Oh oh
my gosh that tastes like a strawberry
I thought we'd peeked oh you can't have
a fist bump for that I thought we'd
peaked until I took one out and Tony
added a new one and went we'll put in
the meat put them in upside down so we
know which ones are cold Wow
how are you just a decorator you need to
be an inventor day 3 feeling fresh
feeling good tamson barbecue food and
times have a few drinks the boys my
taste of it man feeling good feeling
good after today I did up that bale to
the ground which sucks but I really
really feel like I'm improving I used to
never feel confident around burns I
big burns and you know what I've been
sending it so fast around them I'm just
really enjoying that I've got no like
big bag of my back up big arm I've just
got these freedom to just send it that's
exactly what I'm doing
really good vibes from today little bit
of food on the barbie thank you very
much more friend this geezy satay whoa
oh oh it's become a watch with Tommy was
sitting down and watching the vlog
whilst eating a burger and a steak nice
I've got two sausages on the go and a
burger looking forward to it hope it
tastes good cuz I really wanted a steak
I gave the state to Chris Awards
ceremony
biggest fart of today dosa Ken biggest
sender today definitely Tom wait until
you see the video cooking send out on
that hill and and bail fastest rider
I'm just saying cuz I did crash though
best crashed also goes to Tahoe biggest
sender and best crash goes to Tom the
judges have spoken on the next award and
the Award for Best Dressed goes to Tony
yes
you don't win that you don't win the
fart award you don't win the fart was
because Ken took about five minutes ago
but he was the slowest rider slow me
down slow me down I met this guy he's
got a pre epic crush on YouTube and
we're about watching okay
so was that was this that I was that
this that was this Oh
oh my god that's a crash Oh
oh my gosh how are you face already
yeah oh my god oh my god you did this
four years ago yeah shit May I'll keep
doing my counter crashes little bumps
and grazes oh yeah
Jesus I had to change backs with my GU
proves it though though you're still
filming oh yeah I always gotta get the
content right go get the comment oh my
god let me got a slow-mo and then a
couple of pictures
Oh just straight out to the side I knew
straight away and then ouch
then there was four donated dummy legend
hey Chris hell is that guy for apologies
I said this was a high-end bar it's not
this is the hacker which is definitely
from New Zealand so sorry mother I think
we may be tarsier then Tom oh you'll
always be the taste in my eyes thank you
I love you what is that it's a prostate
massager
yeah but it's out of an animal what is
it though longer summer it's definitely
not a woman
some it twisted of this nasty do you
know always something twisted up a nasty
but what is it I don't know what are you
that close just take a big and nasty
what is it pigs penis not a pig cow gay
no
it's over my couch it supposed a smelly
Oh what no why would you saying that she
said does she smell like home ah oh he's
gonna preheat the cup oh is this the
pouring of the alcohol Oh
oh my god Oh
that's why you lost all his hair no
sorry we got a chairs with these what
you call it cheers to a good time yo
wait and put it on against the jacket oh
you can see that's really good you're
gonna make my defend we are gonna make
you have my permission
yeah tutor my defendant into this beast
we're gonna send this shit look what
they say go oh my god that scum I should
I do that's my defendant oh yeah if you
don't do that's it are we doing this
yeah Pydhonie
oh my friends Wow pretty cool spot -
euros for a game of pool
that's one one pom bloody 50 we played a
game of pool all night it's been me and
Chris versus the guy can't pop bollock
yes
oh how did we get to where we are
tonight damn good same size two o'clock
on the dot
we love you Bristol we do we love you
Bristol we do we're gonna rock the road
to can't just stay oh that sounds like
because I see I don't even know how she
said I'm like yeah can they even make up
we were walking back there's a really
drunk dude jumped over maama neck jump
jumped on my neck down to the ground I
was like I think this is a joke but it
wasn't a joke you trying to fight me I
can pin him on the ground shove my elbow
into his neck and I was like what are
you doing I'm now on the right yeah boom
Tommy in the bush yeah big Jamaican guy
was like what are you doing he pulled
them off and I was like what are you
doing they were just like cranks on tour
you can't make you oppa me Chris Tracey
come in come in look that way my elbows
some guy gently an abortion I have the
feeling that you may be drunk I don't
know why I don't know how a rebound
Trevor bet
ever to edit that was a lot of GoPro
footage I will say this one thing guys I
don't have all the files of what my
music that I usually put over the bride
and I know it makes it like way more
enjoyable when there's like background
music and stuff but I just don't have
access to any of the music the clips are
usually quite short and sweet and I'm
hoping that that's okay because I know a
lot of you won't do mountain bike cannot
care about my own biking but I'm on a
mountain biking trip so I hope you're
enjoying if you're into it and if you're
not I hope it's something new that you
were may partake it in the future I am
also aware that it is currently 523 in
the UK right now and I've not even
started to render this video so I
apologize for that I'm so sorry the vlog
was like I'm sorry my bad you can hold
it against me but I have to end this
vlog here make sure you leave a like
rain subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog which maybe could be on time but
you'll have to wait and say this chances
are it won't be much love and it's
adding us
