Oh take after that night before not
gonna lie
probably still drunk but you know what
it's a a.m. let's get right in in
another two hours good day breakfast
time the boys are all awake you ready to
ride razor I'd like thank you very much
could I spend beautiful morning in the
Alps and here is my baby my bad boy no
oh dear
hello oh we not got petals oh my God
he's got Fox four he's beautiful
and then look at mine I'm riding on this
bike with the the tires that are called
magic marry suits you Tony I mean that
is a right collection I've in it bikes
ready to rock
bikes ready to roll that means I am a
necktie yeah that's so rather than
trying to throw myself down a mountain
absolutely exhausted I was Kip and then
we're gonna go and send it okay so my
alarm may have may have not gone off
it's not nearly lunchtime
I've never drove a bike yet so let's get
showered let's get changed let's get on
it what's happened okay I was like don't
tell me his tires go down again the Edit
has begun the boys are all back in town
oh sorry nipples on that on the show I
really really do not want to start this
headed right now I just don't I want to
go out ride but I've got to get it done
I have to get it done now if if you were
on there if you're on the trails and
that can rinse water you would think it
was a bear what now mate you know stay
away from my chicken burger go for a
walk
oh wait no I could see why people feed
it because its face is pretty cute I was
gonna ride with this bag carrying a
bladder that's how I wore me to drinking
which is great but look how heavy and
big this bag is whereas this armor this
new body are that wearing has got a
space for you to be able to fit the
water in and you pipe it out the back so
you can just ride Meghalaya which is
what I am all about this year superlight
ridings
I get less worn out and less hot thought
I was a genius I just set up TeamViewer
so I could remotely use my laptop's like
whilst were out riding and the render
finishes I can upload the vlog but like
a sausage as you can see I just crash
the render whoops oh thank you might as
area because uploading this vlog is
gonna be an absolute struggle oh boy oh
boy
I am currently - my new helmet and the
sack goggles which I probably do need
but we're gonna go hit some riding so I
have very except at you to use look mega
cool like seriously cool if that Jersey
do Oh his name on it
Nomad we get too deep in today's vlog I
need to let you all know about this
GoPro was running all day I recorded all
the rides all the crashes that
everything my body is so so you'll see
the crash in a second but the angle of
the GoPro was just so wrong it was set
up for that when I was riding it was
absolutely perfect
but when I was downhilling I forgot how
steep the hills were so when I'm riding
and aiming down a hill like this I'm
basically only filming the floor so I'm
sorry about the footage it's absolutely
poo but we're just gonna have to make do
so we're without further ado enjoy
France day one
oh my god feels good to be on this it's
super freakin spongy oh my god I got to
increase her that suspension definitely
been set up what I used to ride it when
I was whiter
I've put on them pounds here we go
is the bad boy elite I've got my with
bass in my pocket and this is what you
do you slide on here like this yeah so I
hope you take it on that and you're in
and he goes
can I go oh thank you sir
how like it's been like what four years
since we were last our it it's a special
that he definitely settled for Tom four
years ago which was a little skinnier
Tom just really hoping I do not damage
it on the first day what a boys that
Dadda boys Oh shilling in the Sunday uh
huh huh we're even nice boys back in
town boys back at out kinda crazy to
think we're just throwing ourselves down
like one of these modes hello this is
give you a risky business without a set
of goggles and just sunglasses but no
whatever right boys let's chase the pack
all right first write down was pretty
crazy
I didn't bother a filming it just
because it was just stopping and
starting the entire way but babe riding
frontsies summer else the hell's the
chunks to everything just another level
of crazy oh your boy found exactly
exactly what he wanted set of goggles
with reflective lenses though we've just
sessioned
the first run of the day which was the
plenty we're now gonna head over to Liz
J and check that out cuz these boys well
I've been editing these have all been
riding the same truck all day so we're
gonna go get a taste of something new
so nice so cute it's a nice leisurely
cute pas
let's find some hills boys let's find
some pills
look at la while we were is a Venice yep
all these years later
boom track yeah yeah oh my god it feels
like cement oh my god on the edge on the
edge here gonna put in a pump truck with
a dirt bike yes please dude this is sick
welcome to the interesting version
there's go on let's not mess this up
yeah let's just not mess this up all I'm
gonna do is hook the bike on the chair
like I'm a chair
oh my gosh look at the size of these
jumpers are you even kidding me I would
never attempt them if my life depended
on it
what the welcome to the danger zone it's
the danger zone because if I drop my
phone probably not get it back I know
I'm not exactly too high okay but um
we're about to be we'd be on this for
about 15 minutes getting me to the top
my bikes currently attached to this one
in front of me if it ends up coming back
down I'm just like shit Oh / - that
looks amazing water obstacle course yes
please
fine now is to ride up into the
mountains where to place called leisure
well let's get whatever you want to call
it pressure is legit we get straight up
to the top bomb on down this is gonna be
our first ride doing it so I'm gonna
take this one nice and slow probably not
gonna film this one just cuz it's again
nice and slow so we actually know what's
like up ahead there may be some new
jumps in here they change it every year
so it's like new jumps big holes and
stuff like that new track so we've got
to take it very very carefully and then
we smash it and I smash it I mean we
stay on the bike and don't hurt
ourselves one of the most terrifying
things to pee on like all this other
lifts is lift this up and then just be
free oh my god bike if all of a sudden
it jolts and I go forward time for a
superhero London so these people grab my
bike
and put it to the side I jump off get on
the bike and off I go hello
nice alright bike as well really cannot
get bored of these views they they are
seriously on another level
I'm alright I did yeah before on the
tree fuck yeah oh yeah adds a bit short
but that do helmet if would have been
better they're fun Ed's a bit sideways
but yeah right let's catch up with
for last dangerous
I would get if I tell you last thing I
remember like truly we got here but how
did we get here
series they had such a bang then I
honestly girl remember coming off I feel
I feel all right
honest to god everything was I don't
even remember coming up I'm not even
joking where to God do not remember
coming off in the slightest I'm tell you
this right now I crashed
well don't remember any of it because
well you just can't remember it yeah no
I hope it comes back I Untersee the
footage I truly can't remember coming
off I'm trying to pitch back my day now
I know we did look funny and they'll
then we did the adventure and trail to
come over here we got a then we did the
first run down an honest to god how long
ago do that crash it feels like three
hours it feels like three hours whoa
right he's gonna point out what a crash
done that is so crazy how you can take a
knock to the head
I'm good coach there's a mother trucker
this way should always wear a helmet
always wear a helmet right I remember
coming up the cable car getting off of
him I started to come down by just can't
picture where I came off all right take
two wait just watch my phone in my book
it over okay
he's just to practice what did he do
what did he said to see me was I on the
floor yeah well you just get it up who's
me ken got that really yeah awesome no
one got GoPro no what's the point in
crushing if no one got it on cam them
look overall I just turned on turning on
nice a voyage made honest to god I just
do not remember coming off get you know
right on I don't remember absolutely any
of it it's so crazy I must have hit my
head hard man Jesus always loved it okay
I may have rode down the wrong road
everyone's at a pub that may have passed
it oops
anyone asks I crashed on that I that's
the fact that's what I crash done you
won't believe this like I could
clickbait shout out this video but I'm
not going to but this is what they like
the pros I'll jump and stuff like that
and there's been like a big competition
in festival here but check this out
World Cups coming through France is
currently drawing okay I'm gonna go my
GoPro and try and see if I've got the
footage of where I crashed and react to
it really don't know what to expect I
truly just I can't remember it I go
around this burn I go up to the first
jump because Tom's just got over it they
all that first jump happy with it
go up to the second one yeah and I just
oh thanks to all the moving me bike goes
flying i styled in the air when i styled
in the area to remit my balance off so
then when my back ended my momentum went
sideways jump style up back and goes I
clipped the trade fight goes why
well I got straight back up and was like
what in there help do composters help
remember anything after that there's
like 11 minutes worth of footage it was
riding down none of it none of it that's
definitely a shout-out to my dad for the
birthday gift but mainly 6 6 1 for a
good set of armor that'd probably be
like a Shogun like broken shoulder by
that one it look at that I'm a proper to
protect it all my back friggin out I've
not got a single scratch on me that is
crazy
that's how you look if you have a bad
crash gee oh my gosh getting in the
shower with that on I've only got 11
percent battery so I do not have enough
battery to be able to film another run
down I just simply don't
so defender assemble a dull and the
angles just been completely wrong the
entire day like III thought it would be
fine it completely wasn't that's my
fault I'm sorry but at least I got the
crush on camera let's replay it one more
time first day riding in France ever how
do you feel yeah dude I'm glad you came
out but I gave up worth it
content how did your first day go
to be fair we have all been hungover all
day ugly yeah okay you're an alcoholic
themself okay I'm okay now how are you
ready to go get some odd reason I'm
doing 21 miles per 22 yeah yeah well all
these I was I've had the video uploading
and it's only at 20% after about like
six hours of uploading yeah I'm gonna
risk using my mobile phone to tether
Internet and see if that works this is
what we do we go to what was called the
shopping what's now called the casino we
get crate a beer for like free quid
loads of ham cheese cured meats going on
and the twist lids and we have a little
picnic outside in the Sun however I've
now got to get my lobster pot will the
voice oh hey best rider Chris cuz you
didn't come off best-dressed rider
definitely can say that right now looked
absolutely fabulous best crash I'm
taking that sorry boy take it back
replate throw that it again slowest
rider if we vote in oh really
you haven't it give you giving him Tony
slowest riders biggest offender before I
crush the bike the jobs he was doing
which you couldn't see cuz the GoPro was
messed up he was flying over then what
so what's Tony the last one left with no
trophy in first place for smelly's task
goes to Tony if we did make the most of
the Sun we really did with the power of
Ken's phone tethering over that past
hour and 20 minutes I've finally
uploaded the video probably only gonna
be an hour and maybe 30 minutes late I
hope so for today but I can't believe I
left this video uploaded for like 6
hours it didn't work and they had to sit
in a car park with a mobile phone and a
laptop like this for an hour to have it
to work son of a gun wounded soldier
returns home you feeling after day one
not good I am I really
whoa did you guys that's the drinking
here last night nice showered feeling
way fresher way way fresher and I'm
seeing what the boys are up to I think
it's like 9 o'clock at night
I think everyone's trying to go to bed
because like obviously we were up till
like 3:00 a.m. last night drinking so
everyone's exhausted and especially have
the rioting but I don't think anyone's
gonna come out and play might just be me
there's me Amadou been delivered yet 24
hour delivery my ass saying this right
now chain reaction not happy with that
24 hour delivery says it supposed to be
dispatched and delivered by today
they've been playing ping pong the Sun
is setting and look at the sunset on
those mountains it looks like a bob lost
pain in everyone's quite literally just
going to bed and every food place is
closed except the world's smallest like
pizza restaurant so I'm grabbing a meat
pizza I've got an an oasis in a camp get
the pizza amazing decisions have been
made
see that's what you get because I
explored yesterday to look around like
oh what's behind the hotel what's over
here I managed to find that pizza spot
and now I got food mmm I have the cure
to all our problems
a large pepperoni pizza cooked this
thing in like 10 minutes
is it good it's okay I did really think
every night this holiday we're gonna be
absolutely smashed
there is usually a night like 3/4 way
through it where it's like everyone's
just done by it's too much exhausted but
I feel like if that's a nice hour proper
night of rest every night from here on
out no crazy all day or what it is a big
just bottle of water and chris has just
saved the day add one of these bun I
love you good night gentlemen
rest well okay I've got got to summarize
what happened when ended tonight I don't
just end up passing out so I'll leave
you be night boys sleep well day one and
everyone's absolutely exhausted already
all Dave we've done the trip problems
over a full day of drinking been
appalled there riding crashes
then pass it the hell out I'm ready for
this it's quite the eventful day I am
very very sore this morning my all my
shoulder over here is just absolutely
killing me I've not got a single scratch
on me so again shout out to six six one
for the armor that Armour well and truly
save my shoulder blade I think it would
have been absolutely smashed to pieces
if I would have got it very very well
thankful that I wore that and obviously
more importantly thanks to my dad for
the most amazing birthday present that
skeet that's kept me alive over here so
I'm gonna go now and then it in the blog
I've got to get it rendered uploaded and
hopefully I'll trying it on time today
it's a bit of a struggle and what the
hell is this it's like I'm a moon rover
it
oh oh he's putting the lines down on the
road that's sick that's the didn't
expect to catch a camera either way I'm
gonna go right guys thanks watch it I'll
try and get the GoPro side for
tomorrow's vlog I hope you guys looking
forward to it and again I hope they get
the video up on time I really apologize
for it being late but when I'm in places
weather Wi-Fi in a hotel it's just
potato there's not much I can do about
it I've just got to wing it so we'll see
how tomorrow goes hey she'll even like
rain subscribe follow me on Twitter
Apple syndicate bromley on instagram at
syndicate and there's gonna be no outro
slide because I left the file for that
on my computer at home so she just have
to deal with me saying much love and I
study us well even though I look like a
ghost
setting us
