oh this is too bright is this too bright
are my eyes the valeted they're melted
Wow okay I actually can't see my eyes
are actually closed right now I'm just
assuming it looked beautiful okay that's
just too bright that was one of the best
night's sleep I've ever had seriously
this hotel is incredible I was being
asked here about the prices of cuts of
tea and stuff like that and I think like
you know fairly show but this hotel is
absolutely incredible the view from the
bathroom I had a bath last night the
double sink layout you've got over here
the shower was amazing the toilet seat
was warmed this hotel was a ten-hour
time 110 percent at ten out of ten
absolutely incredible experience stay in
here that is if not maybe the comfies
bed I've ever stayed him in life and I
just I cannot stop staring out this
window I didn't even realize what's in
this box a pair of binoculars I even
know if this is gonna work but mate I've
been spying on the people in the castle
wait zoom camera okay wait okay this is
the best I'm gonna get it but look I've
been looking down at the people going
into the castle how Abuk is that like I
was saying all good things must come to
an end I am now packed up ready to rock
and roll
I've got an amazing night an amazing
little trip down a really cool
experience I can't thank Activision
track enough for this IIIi just I can't
wait to go home and play college Yui but
I've still got two days to wait well
that ain't stopping me from being hella
excited but it's time to rock and roll
we got to get the train back to
Manchester and it's officially home time
so let's get rockin and rollin and say
goodbye I have no idea where they
conducted this test cuz everyone I know
under 25 drinks alcohol wait everyone
except on McKellen shangri-la hotel
outstanding now I need to try and work
out how to get to London Bridge train
station which
ha okay that might be one we need to go
all right welcome to London Underground
we're gonna take the northern line to
Houston and then use it in to Manchester
okay
it is 11 19 and the next train to get me
out of it is 11 for a nobody
20 minutes is that a north to get
Nando's probably not
- get some chicken thighs and some chips
to go okay now for the question do you
ever play did we do a thing we have a
platform Manchester Piccadilly I think
that says platform one yes it does all
right just like that ladies and
gentlemen we have made it to Stockport
Mike Jonah is a nice last day today whoo
they don't made stop home sweet
home we're here yeah we out here think
it's safe to say another day we've not a
single cloud in the sky
yep that's not even a cloud so that that
that statements true what a super
successful little trip down to London
loved it it's going on I'm not seeing
you forever first of all all of you all
of you saw I like the hair by the way
oh I love it looks great what's going on
in I don't know I feel about this this
is too different
put it back mate England just all crows
are back just need England to stay like
this forever there's another one oh my
god you're gonna die the pre stream hype
has begun for black ops 4 zombies right
I'm streaming to like 1 o'clock in the
morning so I got like 2 hours of zombies
ahead of me and I need to shout out
these people right here right now all
these people have subscribed so far
tonight on Twitch like some people for
like nine months which is a crazy 41
months they're calling about all these
people right now
I've made one of the best decisions they
can make subscribing so much which right
now is where it's are okay this is from
them I'm still widely regarding a text
me and said
there's a package at my front door
where's this from
who is this from and what is it off oh
okay
this says do not sell before October 12
oh my god right is this what I think it
could be there's no way it says hi there
happy call of duty black ops for launch
because parts of buildable orange we set
your mystery box to produce an unboxing
video the video isn't under embargo to
Wednesday the 10th which means that can
happen share this oh my god a million
boxes on stream oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh I can't believe this has been
shot I was having my door all day but
God did it sex machine he left it there
cuz yeah he's sorry for the package and
took it to the neighbors and the
neighbors dropped it off oh my god
Chuck's pagas in the chat boys oh my god
oh my god oh my god look what I've got I
got it oh my God look oh hi lazy German
I've got the mystery box edition for
black ops 4 and we're going to unbox it
now live on the stream
Activision sent me this of clarification
the game that's are free and put it in
my blog out of choice alright so take
that anyway this is the mystery box
edition it looks like someone's been in
it no the plastic oh we got big
davia we've got creep with a mask and
then on the back you've got red head
ginger chick first latch open second
match open Oh boys Oh sick the posters
blood of the Dead this is guys that
is I'm gonna frame this one I don't care
about the other ones look at that Brutus
there Brutus be like well but look look
it's it's like embossed so what this is
shiny right we've got some batteries
because the batteries are indeed going
to be going into the actual mystery box
call of duty zombies tenure jigsaw piece
they sent me a jigsaw piece boys I was
sick is that oh it feels heavy oh yeah
ladies and gentlemen check that out Oh
that is so sick call of duty zombies
comic book no yeah this a comic book
number one the official comic of ecology
zombies story by jason blundell and
craig houston nice pop socket oh no way
they simply attack iou's Tokyo's katana
I could literally just everyone
right now and pretend this came with it
Wow look at that right inside it we have
then got the hardened hardened edition
which I've got the old one there's black
ops 2 hard copy cuz look he's got misty
on the back hey misty and this one
actually and then here's the black is
the new one so this is black ops 2
hardened edition and then there you go
black ops for these are the specialist
patches which I do not want I'm just
saying that right away
is there any these are actually quite
nice no I'm just gonna give this to
someone I don't like that we've got big
pins which are the characters bruno
stanton diego and scarlet that stuff
that you always get told as a kid not to
eat and then the base of the box now
underneath it I could feel that oh I
need a screwdriver this was like being a
kid at Christmas you need a screwdriver
you know till I put batteries in Utah
and but you don't have the screwdriver
so you can't get in it there we go right
let's bang these batteries in so this is
the four box three two one
are you supposed to open the box
that livestream went absolutely
amazingly so much fun so excited for
tomorrow when it comes out bought this
mess is now the aftermath of an unboxing
one unboxing from Tom turns up to be
like nineteen freaking things but there
it is ladies and gentlemen the brand-new
mystery box from college use on B's
looks absolutely sick super evil and
turn off the light this might make it so
you can see it's all bought yeah it's
gonna disappear yeah but if I open this
up it lights up well yeah that really
doesn't do it any justice have you been
out to sea but it's got like eyeballs on
the front of it and stuff which looks
sick honestly the right amount alight
I've still be not to see the box it
looks epic so let me turn the lights
back on real quick and there you have it
this is the mystery box lights up all
beautiful absolutely incredible looks
super spooky my god the same like for
Halloween this is perfect look at that
how evil is that and all the schools and
everything just didn't dent it into the
side of it but that's the new mystery
box that they sent me so a massive
shards track and Activision was telling
at me it's beautiful uh I have no idea
where after I filmed this box I left off
because it's now just for a record the
11th so if you're watching this on the
11th they're like where's my daily vlog
6 p.m.
well it's 8 o'clock so vlog was late its
price price and I'm just sending buyer
in the clips now because I spent all
night unboxing that and streaming and
getting ready for black ops for it turns
out the next day
black ops for actually went live for
zombies for certain people and I
streamed it from 2 o'clock it's all
pretty much now so the flood was late
because I was dreaming and let me just
say this right now you know I've been
going on and on and on about going
full-time 3 min I will be streaming
nearly every single day play video games
blackout fart night zombies all that
sort of stuff and I'm truly inviting you
guys to come and join me if you want to
join me on this adventure this this new
like sort of like paths I'm taking
problems from daily volume will only now
become vlogs when I do something
interesting or vlogging when I feel like
it rather than everyday
expand the vlogs and I'll be moving to
vlogs whenever and I'll be sure to let
you guys know it's wetter when that
happens if you want to follow me a
person who gets the place to go but if
you want to see me every day and tune in
to find out where I am and what I'm
doing you guys can go to twitch TV forge
a syndicate and that's where I'm gonna
be streaming so I'll put a link down
description for that and if you're
watching this vlog now the chance is
that imma shoot until 4:00 but probably
3 4 3 2 4 am playing zombies and
blackouts if you guys want to tune in
and watch mystery man I'm in there all
night it's such an amazing community on
Twitch because it's like you know when
you guys watch the blog and it's just
like a one-sided conversation
well when I'm live on they're like yeah
and playing video games but the same
time I'm going to talking about subjects
are we start messing around dude
something else or like just having fun
and messing around on the internet and
it's like I can talk to you guys in the
chat and let's Roman sailor I'm inviting
you guys to come and join me
so if you want to go make a twitch
account go make one which made the
account click follow and after 10 minute
like cooldown period you'll all be able
to talk in the chat so if you want to
come and join me on Twitch the link will
be down in description and we'll just
see how things go
I just streamed right now to 35,000
people no joke that 35,000 people and
that and we hit that like what it was
like 4:00 p.m. they have to do it and I
was tripping to 35,000 people absolutely
crazy we have a sub train of like a
thousand one hundred and I could have
kept it going but I was like I need to
go get some food cuz as much as I want
to be like no life in this and streaming
all day like I need to have like a
healthy break to step away for like an
hour 2 hours go cook myself some food
like don't keep eating fast food or
whatever get myself some like healthy
food I'm gonna cook a typical steak I'm
gonna cook a steak and the thing is like
you know if I do actually go and cook
something on the do somethin interesting
like anything interesting I'll film it
and then I'll put it together as like a
void clip for you guys and then you know
no it might be like a a week's
combination to have a vlog that I felt
like uploading or it might be a daily
blog so yeah I'm gonna go get some food
and then gonna get back and I'm gonna be
streaming till like 3 4 a.m. and if you
want to join me you're more than welcome
to do so so yeah if you like video games
or ecology or anything like that or you
just want to try something nukes you've
never watched it before then yeah try it
out see how it all goes and I just want
to thank everyone for all the love and
support on the channel it's been
incredible for Byron for editing them it
will still be editing them on days where
I'm like hey I'm going up to Scotland or
I'm going to
if you can edit for me well and think
should be all good so Byron if you want
to say hello you I've lived all your
help another sport you've made my life
so much easier but even Byron was
watching my livestream early and saw how
much passion I had when I was doing this
because it I thrive off being around
other people and even not a person like
talking to them and like in this life
and on live stream you have to chat with
people and have this conversation is
just amazing so I just can't wait for
the future and just see how things that
like pan out so yeah I'm gonna go make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
and I'll see you guys now I think I have
a vlog tomorrow as you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next day of vlog from
that point on or even if I just play it
safe I'll see you guys soon for the next
video so until then much love and a
something else
