oh yeah ladies gentlemen today is the
day I 225 but no yeah you might be like
wait a minute it's 220 further junior
for you or 25
oh no no no as my mother always likes to
let me know I wasn't born until 2:30
p.m. in the afternoon so June 23rd 1993
at 2:30 p.m. this annoying busted was
brought into the world so ladies and
gentlemen welcome to my day of birth
we're hoping to be going day drinking
all day which is what we still plan to
do but the weather is a little bit hmm
unfortunately we can't dive straight
into partying just yet I've got to get
my bike get down to a dad's house we're
gonna strip it apart because in two days
we'll go to friends hello happy birthday
oh very gentlemanlike come in so
I'm just I'm going to assume that this
is offer you this yeah yeah
sure I guess what it is it's a chest of
drawers in it you know I know there's a
picture on the side of it so you can't
really see it can you feel it like do
you know what key feel it's there can
you feel it ticking away they said to it
that if you don't get this pacemaker
fitted you won't be able to drive your
car so we went and got it fitted so I
could keep driving the Jag wait oh my
god
what the hell is bloody pop figures over
here their hair colors are they doing
here I think there's a the duplicates I
mean William Wallace's okay though hey
get down there I'm putting that in my
office
it's where my dad stores stores on a
random my first-ever Lego set
though it's now to 29th exactly 2:30 is
when I was born you can be the first put
you could be the first person to wish me
happy birthday
yeah thanks mate good to see you buddy
yeah I'm officially right now 25 decking
out all right so this is the bike I've
taken to France I go strip this bad boy
down take everything off it into this
bag so I could transport it and my toe
is it would be jacksie I'll do
taxi taxi for Tom taxi at you've just
turned up I'm officially 25 right now
there you go cheers man this is the
Beast
Beauty antia so you tell me if the only
person will be Cosby Tommy
happy birthday granddad all right oh oh
it was like you've got that much random
erm oh wow wow wow that one packs easy
oh my god I thought this was gonna be a
pain in the ass so this is wrong my
camera equipment it was like I'm sick of
seeing all your liner over the
place key please organize it I can put
all my cables in here my GoPros in it
everything this guy walks over I'm like
why is this going towards me my dad's
out he's got a cake with me on it wait
so you made this cake yeah what else you
got insults asked me to meet you ok no
way dude thank you very much I hope you
don't drop it there nice and the cast
that's awkward they're gone now aren't
they sir
oh thank you very much mate absolute
legends I can't believe it what a run to
my surprise I by the way I had no idea
LG we're gonna do this they just
randomly got in touch with a cake
company that looked like near my house
and made this that is amazing Easter
boys I've got me just got me some of
this new body armor it's like that just
see ever it's like the orange you spongy
stuff that's like super impactful this
is like my new body armor fit I feel
like spider-man do you like the new
spiders who like we know but I've got my
new body armor forefront shout out to
661 this armor is incredible I've always
only wore 661 but we he's a birthday
card
happy birthday Tom LG super UHD TV team
has prepared a small gift for you to
celebrate your birthday hope you enjoy
your day we were truly thankful for the
chance to work with you over this year
look forward to create more special
experiences view the future Thank You
super UHD team that is so nice LG's
thank you so much you've always been the
most incredible company to work with but
my audience absolutely loves me like
unboxing the coolest ever so thank
you so much for cake no other company's
ever done that for me before so honestly
thank you nice t-shirt but I like it I
like it it yeah basically so this is the
bike I'm taking two fronts probably not
ready for fronts thank God we have a
maquette yeah great Graham just I know
you watch the vlogs you've been replaced
sorry to tell you but we've got someone
better here repping the swag as well so
appreciate you so screw everything I
just said what we usually do is take
bag.if to carry the bag around you know
like through the air put all that it's
just like a lot of hassle when you get
there you have to build it up and all
that sort of stuff sucks Chrissy's
driving to France so instead of me
packing up the bike on Monday when we're
all leaving and we're gonna go to the
airport he's gonna drive there I'm gonna
give him my bike and he's just gonna
take it there in one piece how much you
want for it is that a birthday gift you
know oh you're the best guy ever so now
I'm telling you this right now
that is the best situation I could ever
one because when you get there you have
to build up the bike you have to
dismantle eight you have to do that and
then wait are you driving it back as
well
so on the last day the most stressful
thing is getting your bike packed up all
that sort of stuff so I basically just
get to turn up to France my bikes there
ride and then go home LG thank you very
much the cake but nothing beats a cat
you've got to other category got out of
it I thought I was wearing the birthday
gift you know I've got to hit you with a
boy you ready
mother of God now what about an internal
blip so saucy so saucy gum gum gum gum
gum gum gum gum gum 5:12
the vlog definitely won't be uploaded in
time haha that right there is why I
bought my super faster than that oh I
got a little bit as long as I get the
video rendered and ready for upload in
like by 5:30 p.m. I can just upload it
in seconds well I want to wear this
tonight it's my birthday can wear what
one mmm-hmm cello sure yeah like it
though it's from Hong Kong
what okay yeah okay nice lots by the way
today I don't know how I've never
whoever like whoever bought with this
hiding board I think that's the best
birthday gift of all time to you where's
your haircut by the way
well this is wrong dunya well J you read
all I was left he's not the problem okay
okay I'm so bloody fail is that my
birthday present is that my birthday
present go to event president it's like
a present wait wait I got a birthday
card of my own I'm cool and inside it
cuz they were left with your if there's
a run part they donated ten pounds to
will award that's nice
do it do it do it do it do it do it what
is it where is it where is it
am I gonna like it oh hey I wonder what
I've called the bozo which was the voice
no matter joke ado bother
oh boy
hope you have a totally fantastic
birthday look close up from your
favorite person in the whole wide world
Alice yes I love it
okay let's have an exciting day out
whenever you get touched
i'm europe's one cos it was the longest
zip line in europe i'm the fastest in
the world oh yeah it was his birthday
and suddenly he found his life was empty
he thought alone with the sense that he
was isolated from all you knew and loved
when able to express his innermost
feelings to share his thoughts his needs
no wait why do I seem to be open working
now again love you me that me and my
Oh
cows muscles are bigger than yours came
up with the ideologies Oh Oh what you
guys I'm by Collins yeah we should a
special poster signed by Kyle and Tom
Lehman
yes so good go time go time go time go
time by the way Oh Oh clean iron
thanks Karen ooh
kill them ooh kill them by the way I
have no idea was this came from in the
five four years of living here have
never ordered an ironing board
why it's it just man's trying to go out
and I haven't got any money
except no no but look I haven't got any
money except like one pound fifty in
Indonesia nine and five quid nice spin
it - your question I'm gonna take it
turns Alex what noise is a llama make
okay cow what noise does a llama make
Darren what noise do you really think a
llama makes okay mom what noise is a
lamb of a cheers mate I'm gonna then add
into the video what noise alarm reacted
making you be shocked
we just bumped into CAD it turns out
evolve the iron and ironing board for
the house that is best gift of the
century yo turn it back up okay just say
a massive shout out to Tessa violet your
new song crush is incredible I treated
you sorry
honestly absolute a little bit please
let me use it for my outro song I love
it it's not Alexa Alice oh wow the sass
bear I want to be for a drink right now
look at this in this Sun chilly now I'm
gonna be let's go and whoever has to go
to the bar first riperoni oh my god it's
so busy I'll say this right now about a
great day so far
$960
this place is absolutely booming oh my
god what are you doing you drunk we
don't even need a chair thank you for
coming out for my birthday oh thank you
Darren thank you girl thank you i-i've
got honest to god
today's been so good already the fact
that we made it here before the Sun went
down makes me even happier so I'm so
happy
we've reason but one thing I wanted to
do today was make sure I made it to this
place just to drink it so I went and
bought a drink you jerk you notice it
before I at it some little hole I
managed to get a glass with bear
lipstick on it oh yeah
I'm gonna release it in a while freedom
it's not got many likes to standardize
it
in the absorbin angel i apprec-- oh I
appreciate you're having fun but Darin
is absolutely was this a good decision
it was amazing all day I don't care
about all I wanna do is
I don't know but you know what we're
gonna do it woman chill out we made it
oh we've got mom we've got Alice we've
got cow
you lost Darin because a Darrin
basically left my birthday cake in the
car oh really
did he not oh yeah things did didn't it
yeah didn't he
my mom literally said the loudest volume
ever do drop oh we forgot his cake I'm
leavin bothered I said stay meet your
people they went back to get the cake so
you know what I must aim here with Bowie
I'm gonna get sick I'm actually gonna
get six oysters and then for the main
course
you know what I'm gonna get a rib eye
and over than that I'm okay I know you
don't like it I don't like it but for me
I know Darrin you've not added on before
so please just try it okay so first up
is cow gum gum gum gum gum o3t one right
okay okay okay Collette your next three
to
hello Haledon Knightley nice one
slowly slowly slowly
launched it in about
I know even what she said but listen
Dharan though no if you f know
everything
no have you ever tried sorry
you're not even eaten it Tarrant you
swallowing it right my turn get it Oh
like a goddamn pro oh my um hey my rebuy
comes with a hair on the side
mother of God Sam someone right now
okay so hot cause state okay last time I
came we had a piece of plastic in the
back row wasn't too good you buy black
piece of plastic it's nothing I chewed
them up the piece of plastic and the
piece of plastic turned out to be this
big in the plane right now I mean a
ribeye steak medium-well for that I
think that's my way of doing it
they expect
incredible incredible Wow how's our best
thank you interested I'll attend my
sirloin easy 9.5 taste test come come
come
let me taste it yeah sure like what
sauce no cows half way through state
Alex just still mentioned I've nearly
finished my meal and you've not even
eaten anything you've got a steak and
you have no signs so way through size
you like one minute I feel bad because
my food was really good and he's not
even eaten anything this state was
incredible I'd say that right now today
a second time round that was amazing
Darren's always just Darren Darren
Darren Owen just started in his state
because he's really just got it but
Gallup this place oh this was the best
thank you very much mister hands down
that was actually that's what Bowie
brought me here for was the best steak
in Manchester and tonight I had it
Darren Darren what would you give this
place out of 10 out of 10 out of 10
to Moodle I say this right now look at
the smile on my face of how happy I out
lookie what I booked into what are the
chances of this I listen Cal were having
a major domestic it was the Alice just
when Chum and my way around the part of
you and I was like really and honest to
god she dropped the bomb that you were
here so
oh good to see you boy thanks for coming
out tom
you can drunk always wasted is why good
have you right out regardless of Alice
and dar Adal about situations not tell
you somewhere
that is the best steak about in
Manchester I could I just say really it
is one situation I look around there's
one situation I could be doing right now
it would be to be with cow at all and
you don't we're doing we're good to All
Star Lanes bowling tonight if we kick it
in view guys seriously look how happy
beat I'm so happy you know what maybe
I'm pissed off all this ruin the
surprise being like Alex got in a real
coffee cow
it was like Chum and Mellie waiting
around the corner ruin the fact that tom
hollie waiting around the corner that
actually pisses me off more than
anything boy do what they're there and
I'm happy do you even do thanks look you
know costed that Rose a death wish stay
end this
little bit enough about the Tony look
into MUC tomorrow come and just kick
back and watch a football again is that
Twitter know where although it's silks
that's a strip call Oh
Carla's never seen what a show called
hoodie looks like in his life entire
life never seen eyes or whatever
he's like no no no posters on sale soon
question be honestly I could have done a
better birthday about such a good night
and now about to go bowling
yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes both of
these are mine I'm gonna impale one of
them my ball
delicious try it try it and then tell me
if you could drink it like water output
how quick did you drink that challenge
accepted great
that was just a truck something McCallum
things he's got is down it's gonna win
hey Tommy gun oh no no no no no no
abortion fighting words with John
McCallum be my hero rod in his slide
right everybody the blog runs is done
Tom about it like college cup Kyle is
gonna fight you so you need some buy-in
top want you to do to count what you're
gonna do we're gonna do no pain I'm not
105 instead who's gonna flip your
daddy's Snyder's gonna do
we can do it is that's only five
coming in live from Tobago I'm drunk
power yet I find my eyes closed Alex
what did you do step up if you know I
know she barely wants to go out it's
okay
I love
I'm gonna go now
I love how the only people I can hear in
the bar left right now is my crew look
they're drinking their Avenue their pace
so you thought those last drinks is a
good idea yeah I like our Tama calms
like throwing up in your bin as well
like I can handle any drinks thrown at
me as he throws up in a bin okay that I
like how we are we just bump into people
everywhere and they're like right thank
you Mike
yeah we gotta I was like no I'm
joking
we got over you're insecure but now
we're here so let's see how tonight goes
yes we're gonna sit down I don't know
Jerry should I go
get your prize
yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes five
chicken selects please as a meal with
evoi please take some of the trust with
you Tom take some sugar is yours okay
bye now
ice
chicken selecting you coach Alex what it
is actually quite literally daytime oh
sorry yeah I'll help out sure
oh the local wildlife is gonna love this
dude absolutely I love it Oh Alice you
did such a public service to the
community thank you for everything
you've ever done you've got you your cup
of tea and your fries Wow
Alice thanks for adding to the community
of my road I appreciate you thanks guy
bye now gee well I didn't say Pullman
Drive you bastard what you doing girl
he stalled it it's currently 5 a.m.
Alice has come home with McDonald's in a
cup of tea
no that's just shoes I always literally
just said is that Mart is that a hedge
ugh no Alice thank you bye now
oh that's just one of your shoes alright
I need some help ok thanks bye
oh no the door seemed to have shot on my
house I'm just gonna go this way now so
always it was not Alice you even know
home now no Alice we don't need no Alex
please don't come in ok Bob I'm gonna
close my gates Carl how do you feel
about the fact it's it's nice 5 a.m. did
you have a nice night on a scale a scale
of 1 to 10
oh my god why should you just drop why
are you doing what you got what is your
wife there's um a chicken who goes yet
which is half driving what Wow my five
chicken meal has absolutely nothing in
it my system whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
Stevie's trying to sleep
no Alice what have we even got left
let's have a look Oh the random thing
about this cake is oh wait so he did the
Insignia t she went into the zone in the
box
I always do you see a cap Oh what the
hell I want to say good night to your
sister can I go I go bring some
attention of look-alikes no one cares
how Jesus Christ anchor Linda I went to
bed I get to sleep oh can I Ernest hurry
us
