all right so before we get into today's
vlog let's do a little Tommy Tommy talk
of you know what I'm officially 25 years
old and I've been doing YouTube for
nearly oh well I've actually been doing
it like 10 years but I've been doing
much current channels for like eight
years and I can just say that I feel
like this is the this is the year where
we do the coolest most most most awesome
 ever and I can honestly not thank
you guys enough for following me on this
journey like I've been doing this since
I was like 17 10 and 18 roll the clip yo
sup guys I hope the camera is okay the
quality should be good but and yeah it's
just a quick video update to tell you
guys what's going on this is my new
camera I've got like I've been wide
range though and the bear ninja across
the room but your own I can see myself
going the wrong way
anyway so yeah hope you enjoy I'm
actually 18 on Thursday the next one
Thursday which is the 20 set of June so
don't forget to wish my wishing me happy
birthday now then by all means do so
guys thanks for everything thanks to the
support we've hit 70 million views and
we've got like two hundred thirty
thousand subscribers that's not just me
you lot we're a community what we're not
we're talking to like 30,000 people that
sell oh no you know say hello you've got
a Shia buncha anyway yes so he just
actually said why am i talking to
herself I'm not I don't understand
anyway guys all the best thanks for
every spin and published it peace out
and from being a small fetus like off in
I be through my 18th birthday and my
best friend's to be surrounded by such
amazing friends and family to this
primer life makes me so happy and you
might be like wait a minute
Tom this is like the day of your
birthday blog not yesterday's vlog I
know I just wanted to throw this in at
the star and just be like you know I've
been doing YouTube five years I think I
did like gaming videos five I did like
live streaming for a year and then I got
into daily vlogging and I've absolutely
loved every step of the way I really
have I the fact that I bumped into some
funds today whilst I was out like with
family and I just it blows my mind that
so many people have been following me so
long and I
truly cannot thank you enough like I've
met some of the most amazing people in
the world through doing YouTube and
without YouTube I wouldn't be where I am
today
I really wouldn't my some people I don't
need you to buy made it myself and it's
like no if it wasn't for the people who
tuned in every day and watch your videos
you won't be anywhere in life and honest
to god thank you for ever taking the
opportunity to just click a video to
click subscribe leave a comment or
anything like that I love you guys to
pieces you've always had my back since
day one
and I truly can't thank you enough so I
know last year by the way absolutely
like the craziest part it was just like
rage in the tits off a looter we pop the
bottle of champagne which I still can't
tell you why we did it but this year is
gonna be more like JustFab
family-orientated
less raging less by raging but it is
currently only four o'clock in the
afternoon so there's still a lot of the
day to go to be fair so we'll just the
other night pans out but I'm gonna let
you guys just enjoy the rest of the vlog
honestly there is not that much to say
because I was just super jet like you
know I'm mom dad Alex Kyle everyone in
my life
Gail thank you so much for everything
you've ever done for me for having my
back for telling me video games are bad
for me to make me play more video games
to anything it got me to where I am
today everything has led me to be the
person that I am today
and all I can say for that is thank you
because I'm honestly in such a happy
place in life right now that I'm just
happening so at 25 years old my name is
Tom this is my life thank you for tuning
in thank you for your love and support
if you're new around it makes you click
that subscribe button and I'll see you
guys tomorrow for the next day vlog oh
wait you've still got today's to go so
enjoy the vlog I will see you guys
tomorrow but honestly thank you home
sweet home lazy oh there it is there it
is that's it that is that ever it's 88
yeah I believe like one of the biggest
planes in the world I actually flew in
that in first class but I am indeed home
sweet home as the plane flies off in the
distance I feel like I feel like that's
such a beautiful shot for me like being
home it's like I'm home I've just jumped
off the plane that's just like flying
away we're dropping boys we're dropping
home I am home sweet home and we need to
go and say hello to my good old friend
Steven
Hey oh my it is honestly been the
longest time since I've seen here are
you okay
I can't believe you're still alive just
for a bit of context steve has actually
been getting fed by like family
adjustable assets have been God he's no
he's not just somehow miraculously
survived the past three weeks of me
traveling so but there was panicking and
wondering if Steve's still alive he is
it's taking everything in my power to
not get in that bed and have a sleep
right now but I know if I do I'll
completely mess with my sleep schedule
from being back from America I'll be
jet-lagged and it will just ruined my
day
no don't leave my PC on again isn't it
there's no way there's no oh my god I
did I think I've left my PC running this
entire time I've been away oh yeah I
last left it off where I just finished
uploading the vlog with Jim Chapman when
I was in Portugal
Ojai foods nice face alright so I've
actually think I've nailed the outro
slide thing this is the weirdest
estimate and I don't know if you're
gonna be able to hear this but I've
finally done it ladies and gentlemen
I've got the outro slate working thank
goodness I've done it so now people can
click this to subscribe and I believe
this works on mobile they can click up
to a random video like this shows like
yesterday's video but I've got it set
tool I recommend around a video of my
channel to let people who are new around
it and then I've got it so it's got
syndicate original on the left hand side
as well massive shout-out to ever that
card for whip it up I was just like dude
I need an end slate I've needed one for
the longest time because it's like I'll
run with you like make sure you follow
me on instagram make sure you follow me
on this because she goes City Kittridge
you know like check the new video
subscribe well it's just something like
this ends light has the ability just
like have everything there straight away
so it like it works out really really
good so I've now got my own little n
sleigh
I need to pick which song I'm gonna put
on the end of it I'm thinking something
maybe a little bit nostalgic and we
should be good
loading a 17 minute vlog in 20 seconds
I'll take that I'm also watching Logan's
perspective of what went down at like
the Wayne you know that I went to and I
watched JJ's as well so it's interesting
to see what both sides of like this like
the story like thought of how it went
each one I was like yeah we wouldn't
yeah we wouldn't yeah we wouldn't but
like the one thing I don't get I don't
try to be that guy who like the chant
that Lee came up with like the war
whoa thing I was like what's wrong with
Wilma broke a shawarma I don't
understand why they decided to just
latch on to this Walmart thing and went
with it like bro
uncle buy groceries or food from Walmart
like I'll happily do that with pride
like if I needed this pair of shoes to
those going out and I didn't have any
shoes of me uncle Walmart buy shoes okay
in the justification of it was that they
turned up in Gucci and because that JJ
and Desi didn't that therefore they're
Walmart Bruns seems really unfair to me
well whatever makes you comfortable I
will never in my life care what anyone
says to me about what where I'm just
like cool story I used to walk around
wearing flip-flops and socks all ago at
that time dead in cargo shorts just cuz
I was like he's a hella comfy and then
got loads of pockets and wore DC Shoes
because he was so convenient for like
going out biking on mr. fly whenever was
like you're not a skater you don't ride
like 12 year olds where I'm like I don't
care I wear what I want to wear because
I'm on this earth for a small about the
time someone's opinion of what I'm doing
and what I'm wearing doesn't bother me
and it should never bother you I get
that it's a press conference and they're
supposed to be taking the piss out of
each other but it was the one thing at
the press conference that I just thought
was boring unlike Superboy on their side
like bringing the floor mat yeah that
was funny in that sort of stuff but like
it just wasn't entertaining it was just
a thing that they wouldn't stop shouting
the crowd wouldn't stop shouting and I
was like can you just come up with
something creative instead of shouting
Walmart
imagine if Joella and chaos I had the
weigh in and they started shouting Asda
Tesco Morrison's
it would be the weirdest thing in the
world ever to be like what the hell is
going on and that's pretty much what
they did my vlog uploaded sweet die oh
my god you're still Brown look around
you uh oh yeah yeah how you doing I'm
good look at that I've already had it in
the video and Alice was like you'll make
sure you put the promo in for a 68 so is
the video again Isak sorry my sister
just went oh you are a truck
are you proud of her are you proud of
your daughter
you dropped a bogey on the floor and
then wiped it on me I can't wait for the
internet to see this good on camera
mom I never asked you come here gum gum
gum you do what do you think of the 30
yeah what do you say what are you saying
what was your favorite what was your
funny line yeah my god Carradine doujin
I wait my Bob Kenny wants a three minute
me made it I'll wear it that is honestly
the most savage thing I've ever look I
read I am like the most savage thing
I've ever heard of of shave alive I know
yeah let's watch your Instagram
nobody cares nice muscle tone ooh
oh she's riding dirty oh oh I so wished
she crashed into imposed you got a
little bit I know just thinking this
right now you ready for really scary
fart
ma I can't wait to have kids and I be
living at this house if I want my kids
to just be chilling on this grass
outside my house I don't have a garden
in my in my garden I forgot it in my
property my house bought this is so nice
you don't get this in an idea well then
again you don't get electric skewers
Hissam mmm I really should go upstairs
and get my vlog tailed thumbnails you
know scheduled here and just oh my gosh
Brown here but also so so sunburned
I've noticed a massive spike in my
comments of people but no no the lumps
the lumps have been taken to slaughter
oh that's sex not rip I have no more new
neighbors I don't know if it'll put I
like horses in that now that usually
rotate like sheep and horses then sheep
than horses and horses and sheep but
everyone's be like Tom you really start
wearing some cream you'll regret it in a
few years if you don't and I'm like you
know what actually a smart comment I
appreciate you you smart I've tried I've
tried to last as long as I can as soon
as they have I've like got my vlog doing
I chilled outside of the Sun for a bit
I think I need to know if I want to
survive the rest of this day I need to
at least sleep for like an hour two
hours and then go and then get up
so I'm gonna have a quick nap real quick
I'll be right back oh look at you it's
just like where the hell is my food
good to see you buddy I could eat some
vegetables doesn't even work bothered in
the slightest it's nice to see he's
still drowning his food not much changes
there then well that was a sloppy start
to the vlog wasn't it but guys I'm gonna
have to end today's vlog here it was
which is one of those days where it's
like you know what I got back from
America and as per usual typically jet
lag so damn tired just and absolutely
passed the hell out and that's just how
my day goes so wait until tomorrow we've
got the next daily vlog which is gonna
be the life of Tom turning 25 I'm
officially 25 right now watching this
right now I'm a 25 year old giving you
an outro so I'm an old-ass man if
there's one piece of life advice I could
say is say yes to adventure an
experience and you know before you end
up dying in life it's better to say you
did something rather than you didn't
someone could take context but more
importantly it's all about just like
making memories so make them memories
travel the world explore spend time your
family spend time your friends keep good
people close eliminate negative energy
from your life whether that's people
places situations get rid of it the
better your mentality is in life admit
what makes you happy
do that even if people may not agree
with it do what makes you happy in life
I seriously minute I always do what
makes you happy and you will live such a
better life so guys I'm gonna go now
make sure you leave a like grade
subscribe I'll see you tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next daily vlog which if I
go out drinking tonight may not actually
happen but I'll see you guys tomorrow 6
p.m. the next daily vlog honestly thank
you for tuning in to watch my life I'm
so blessed to be able to do this that's
like a job so thank you I love you and
I'll see you guys tomorrow hey follow me
on it soon what we're doing I've got an
outro roll the outro wait wait a minute
the outro doesn't have the whole point
of makes you follow me on the social
media that you'll see the links in a
minute but more importantly I study us
