hey guys it's ink it here I'm gonna try
and keep this number 60 seconds last
time I went to 2 minutes so I redid it
so basically and we're in panic mode and
the map pack for the new DLC comes out
on the 29th so it's going to come live
in the morning the 29th or some people
are but I'm panicking like crazy because
I tried downloading a file today which
was the actual file that you guys saw of
the frigerators studio visit which was
freaking amazing quality condensed it
from a 5.5 gigabyte file to 666 so I
could download it still couldn't do it
because the download said it was gonna
take me like nine hours to download so
you can see why I'm like oh what the
hell and so if you're wondering like
what's this got to do with DLC is if I
try and download the new zombies DLC
with 0.2 download speed it's gonna take
me like a full fucking day it's gonna be
insane so this going to go to two
minutes and so what I have to do is I
have to pull some magic out of the bag
to try and get this side so I'm going to
say it like a TV and an Xbox to the star
box hopefully they're faster and I just
got anywhere I can find in Oklahoma to
try and get superfast internet so if you
have from Oklahoma and you can hook me
up with like super fast internet speeds
leave a comment below because and
somehow I need to get ahold of fast
Internet to be able to download this
because we can't do anything about our
in it and that till past the 29th and
Carib important for me to try and get
rocking and rolling with this backpack
like ASAP so you guys can get be spoted
and for those who you know can't rush to
get home I can give you the upper hand
and everything you need to know and
stuff like that so and yeah plus I just
really really want to play it yeah it's
pretty much everything I want to do just
a big shoutout to res from triac zombies
you're a fucking legend and you know why
and it's madness right now he's really
helping me out so rez you're fucking
awesome and I'll leave his Twitter in
the description go inside myself thanks
I know you've all got to work because we
hit 500,000 followers so huge link to
that this is about two minutes so I'm
gonna go I've got to show you the cat
that's Caitlyn she's getting better for
people asking thank you for everyone
saying a really nice response to Caitlyn
thank you thank you everyone I'm the god
of thunder I don't know about
