all right before we get today's vlog
which is filled with drama and just
chaos and just everything falls apart I
have to announce that I'm indeed going
to I sixty three if you guys never been
to insomnia it's an amazing gaming event
that I've gone to flat the past like
five six years I do me in Greece all day
every day
another pleasure to meet so many of you
awesome people it's gonna be going on
from the 24th to the 27th August there's
like a bunch of on stage shows and games
and things for you to check out there
but more importantly over there is
syndicate original over there with my
mom my sister Kyle all the five-alarm
along
and when you can be kicking at the full
weekend there's gonna be lots of
drinking there's gonna be lots of
partying more importantly I hope to meet
as many as you as possible so if you
guys want to go make sure you use the
code I 63 syndicate gets you guys 10%
off your tickets the link will be down
in scripture if you want to learn more
information but make sure you use that
discount code get yourself some money
off you can thank me later
enjoy the void I'll see you in Subway's
it no really wait what aha what are you
doing what my friend man what are you
going that way Ravi oh nice yeah pretty
miserable day no way right now gray
cloudy oh there is he's got my sandwich
my coffee and my doughnuts but one
second mate I'm coming down let's eat
half past 9:00 in the morning my vlogs
got 30 minutes to get edited and
uploaded I've only had it three minutes
worth of footage out 40 minutes can they
be bothered so I post me get myself a
sandwich some donuts and a coffee if
that's not gonna get the job done I
don't know what is eat me feed me feed
me baby don't let those come to all
ilysm do something something mind and so
may every youtuber needs to get on my
edit okay now try that clip again every
youtuber needs to get a my editing level
come avoid getting at it I got my bagel
sandwich looking good good good
I got not watching a hot chocolate and I
got some donuts oh yeah
Tom I was just it look like no I did not
a clue no idea oh stop everything stop
oh my god oh my god am I gonna be good I
just got a text saying hey honey like
hope you don't miss your flight
it's at 11:51 don't forget it's 10:20 I
thought if I was to that's the time it
lands in Seattle
shit okay I've got my bagpipe my
suitcase fuck I'm ready to rock and roll
all I'm gonna do I even managed to even
managed to shower off but he's quickly
put children first my teeth gel my hair
up and we're good to go
I do have an hour I've got an hour takes
about half an hour to get there we can't
miss this fight I mean we can't miss
this flight bathroom clean wardrobes
clean beds made lounge looks absolutely
fine home sweet home will be ready for
me when I return but oh my lord
guys I'm not I am not messing around if
I woulda got a text saying you know
don't we should fly it fly stations to
face I would be missing this flight like
just I am still missing his fireball at
least I had an attempt I try to make it
but we've gotta go so that's wrong Oh oh
yeah no not doing this again
turn off immediately my bill last time I
left it on for a month on like seven
degrees temperature which is like cold
for a full month never again
efficiency is fine is nice right I get
to the airport with like 45 minutes to
spare if there's no traffic however I
don't know if there's a quick off with
this airline I'm flying with like I'm
not checking a bag but I don't whether
the caught be like yeah sorry got to be
an hour before otherwise you get charged
and as you know I've got little money to
pay them with so
okay ticket I was sat in traffic I've
traveled to and from LA all the time I
got to the Apple I got to the airport
with more like more than enough time I'm
not even joking more than enough time
but the traffic at the airport was so
bad cuz there was like six like fire
engines and ambulances and stuff it was
like oh my god that's not a good sign
but everything was fine it took me 45
minutes to just get from terminal 1 to
terminal 6 made it through security
looking at the gate my next flight the
woman my money's to organize for me I
don't even think my original flights
boarded yet but I'm getting on the 1226
to Seattle 67 days a shout-out to Alaska
Airlines when they booked me a flight to
catch my next flight connecting from
Seattle to Manchester but I've got like
less than an hour and it's the can of
airport where you go you can't just go
and connect you fly I have to like leave
the airport then check back in so this
might not be the end of the fiasco of
missing flights booked a massive charge
that woman I cannot believe she'd be
booked me and a lover made it to the
gate open and praying that the internet
on my phone might be fast enough to try
and get the vlog uploaded I don't think
it will be because it's a 25 minute
video and we're currently boarding the
plane so I'm gonna wait to the last
person to board and just pray and hope
it attempts to work this is now a link
to nearly three hours why it today could
be the day I don't get a vlog daily
uploaded
actually really sad
I'm trying I'm seriously trying go okay
time to board the plane
goodbye Los Angeles next stop Seattle
yeah I'm not sure if you've started
boarding just yet so you know a lot of
people here it looks like we're about to
board right this is a situation I
managed to get the airport they just
call my name the chances are I'm gonna
make the flight so that's good
but the sad thing is as soon as I got to
the airport if I would have made my
first flight I would have got my vlog
uploaded on time not a problem
not even a scratch of it out cuz look
how fast even that is it rather than it
taking me like two hours for loader it's
taking me two minutes and I've got one
minute before it's midnight so
unfortunately I will have gone over the
midnight barrier which sucks
two and a half years of daily vlogging
without I fail has just come to an end
some actually really upset about that
but it is what it is at least I'll get
it up not too late after midnight it
still sucks but I tried streaming it it
was just streaming like a there was
nothing I could do about it and you know
what I really did try I said the live
stream everything I was like yes this is
gonna be perfect but for some reason it
was just so choppy on the back end that
you guys couldn't watch it so I really
really am sorry I tried I failed
alright you know what I'm saying this
right now I don't feel as bad as I
thought would with missing a vlog I'm
good for at least I'm getting it open
now rather than getting on a 10-hour
flight then uploading it
I'm really really upset I seriously I'm
but I tried if Elly's Wi-Fi was even
good in the slightest that could've got
the toilet bloated like that I got here
to Seattle when I got to the gate
connected to their Wi-Fi because it
wasn't available the entire June here as
soon as I connected to that Wi-Fi they
had 150 abroad it took two minutes
hmm and even better my flights delayed
some grab some food I'm gonna grab a
drink I'm gonna chill out and just deal
with the fact that I missed a daily
water here we go home time so the last
Thomas Cook Airlines up the one it was
absolutely perfect
it came with crying child or you know
crunch I was fine cuz I could watch your
film yeah I don't think we get to do
that this time
see you guys know I always used to find
British Airways like all the goddamn
time but for some reason their prices
just went super high now a lot of people
do like told me she just played it just
played your pain I'm like okay it's out
to your opinion but I'm like this if I
can just sit on this plane for 10 hours
that cost 600 pounds rather than sitting
on a flight another plane for 13 hours
in nice comfort tragic phone ice it's
music you know watch TV meal all that
sort of everything included but it costs
1,600 pounds so you waste $1,000
thousand pound times like I'd rather sit
here they'd spend me a thousand pounds
going off to another country adventuring
or traveling or doing something just my
personal opinion like it does I know I
wasn't like an absolute snob here and I
really don't mean to but you know when
you've got the contrast of like flying
Emirates first class and then that was a
7 of Y and it was just heavenly
and the best thing ever and then you
know and for everyone asking how much
does that cost that cost $2,500 so I
think like 2,100 pounds it's super
expensive true but that seats usually as
you see everyone in the title it's
usually $20,000 so the fact that I got
it's so cheap I was like I'm doing it
for anyway
I see now because they can hear me
talking to myself but and like tip for
this flight I'm only four towers 600
pounds you can complain I can I like TV
but so I really don't have much to vlog
on this plane so I'll probably see you
in England this is this is Jake I've bet
on the plane who happens to know where G
Cross is and he's currently pitching me
what love island is okay so it's
highbrow TV take five guys they go to
another villa they bring in five new
girls those are boobs can the other
Villa bring in five new guys to mess
with them get on whatever loads of booze
and then they sent a postcard to the
other house to tell us with pictures of
the guys
the TV show does TV she does yeah the TV
this is a terrible show we were supposed
to self on this flight at 25 plus 4
it's now caught up at 6 I'm surprised
the Sun hasn't got down here oh my god
don't worry though J we found out there
is entertainment on the plane there is
so I'm talking smack in the entire time
but we've got a choice of the great
issuing the intern Ferdinand and hidden
figures episode of Island I went
absolutely on this play me and Jay have
decided to drink our problems away if we
haven't got a screen we'll just drink
instead I got to say this right now
I ordered way too many snacks because
I'm full I'm seriously ball banged are
these mini Cheddar's in half of these
it's ever cheese box and now I've got
pasta me and Jay have been talking for
six hours have been talking drinking for
six hours
he had like a sleeping devil I thought
he was gonna take to like pass out for
like the entire unit of life we just got
shine about my all sauces stuff only
like it works like the health and
fitness industry like like like gym
people I fitness people and stuff on
his girlfriend does a day you know like
a weekly vlog and then traveled around
us like with the Hank like one of the
chances is when I actually sat down
ritually there was some other under
diving I came since I came back
Jane was there I was like tell you why
you might guy see it turns out if they
switch seat so ever it's turned out to
be a really awesome flight but we should
only help technically two and a half
hours like journey left because the guy
said I'm gonna take sharp course okay
pilot said I'm gonna try and take some
short chords
you know but 35,000 feet they get us
that quicker and I asked what does that
means like a member of staff and they
said they go high and faster so they can
cover more space so uh hopefully we
should only have two hours left at this
point that there's a bit of quickest
I've ever got from like west coast of
America to Manchester ever you tell me
that this why is Ameritech just pure for
that design that is I was looking at
this bag I could see riding on the other
side
look closer he's a seat back hook
tell me you would not fly with Thomas
cook again just for that reason
Wow Everest income shit Chester we are
like I'm very very that's why it was
probably to do with the absolute top
what just randomly
I'm so glad know about the person sat
next to me she switched seats because
then she sat there we got chain
he's like 33 he's been all around
America he's like half French half
British and lives in Utah but I was just
like what up what we just got talking
got drinking and then we'll get the
other four drugs
oh England
let's go baby Oh Nate this weather right
now all I need is an electric scooter
and up step it just feel like over
yesterday that I was saying home sweet
home
and there's a lot of new people around
here actually so welcome to my house
this is I do travel a lot I do find
myself all over the place stressing out
not knowing whether I'm gonna catch a
flight I have a place to stay for that
but apart from my apartment in LA I do
indeed have a home
apparently I have a home I'm not too
sure why this is here but okay why on
earth have I got a cabinet unit
delivered to my house I'm not sure and
in order it but okay I really do not
want to be inside and you ready for my
kitchen to be dead dark gloomy wait what
why is this here why have I got a
package of dummy ramen noodles it's a
sign which I must immediately eat whoa
ladies gentlemen welcome
Oh what an absolutely lovely day in
paradise hello Bay won't hello Bay - oh
I am so tired I slept for maybe two I
was on the plane I'm home after a long
amount of traveling and missing a daily
vlog I am home but at least I'm here for
two days I don't have my super faster
than that that doesn't actually mean I'm
not gonna have the vlog uploaded on time
just saying it's that's still potential
I have with that note said guys I
actually have to end today's blog here
like I've made it home but because it's
a new dawn it's a new day I need to end
this vlog and start a new one so let me
say this I'm so sorry I really am I am
truly honestly so sorry that the vlog
wasn't uploaded before midnight I if you
were if you were awake at that time
you'll notice there was a livestream
start on YouTube on the channel where
you know it's like I technically would
have started before midnight so it was
up before midnight and it's like kind of
like my way of working around like I was
super late but I still gotta go before
midnight and I tried streaming out my
laptop because the Internet in Seattle
was so fast he was 150 upload so I
uploaded the volume at 3 minutes so I'll
stream it I went to stream it and the
file just like I dragged it in the audio
wasn't playing on the stream I tried
going fullscreen recording my monitor on
my laptop
and that just wasn't working it was like
in and I was just like you know what I
just need to 8 tape me out took the out
loaded the video I got it live it was
super late I'm really sorry it was a
really fun day as well if you didn't see
yes there's blood go check it out where
I like I'm at Jay Leno what song
Incredibles we're running to scoot
around a light it was a really really
good day really enjoyed it but all in
all it was my fault for not knowing
which time I was flying like someone
else booked the flight for me so I I
just didn't know exactly at what time it
was so when I checked the email the
first number I write I was like oh yeah
2 o'clock I'm fine no it was two o'clock
I was London if I would have and if I
would have made that first flight by
Tamara's in Seattle I would've got the
vlog live on time but hey man everything
happens for a reason
every numbers reason if I would have
missed if I filed wouldn't have missed
that first flight I never would have met
Jay on the plane super nice dude
definitely gonna meet up with him like
next time in America all right in
Manchester like this weekend and have a
good time and all that but you know what
it found out the way it did I got home
and safe I'm sound everything's awesome
I'm gonna end this here and just say
thank you for all your support
anyone who's new around here so if
you've not yet click that subscribe
button go ahead and do so get
notifications like turned on by pressing
a little dingdong Bell next to it and
I'm gonna try today is my little outro
card you'll see it for the first time
ever if I remember to do it ever net
card whip torn up and we're gonna see if
I we like it any changes should be made
to it
and just see if it works I don't
actually know how to do it properly I
don't know how long it lasts so this is
gonna be a lot of trial and error but
we'll try and air it together so you
know like the whole uploading by 6:00
p.m. that's a trial and error every day
but we do it together we're in this
we're family we're a family so much love
to you thank you so much for your love
and support make sure you leave a like
rating follow me on instagram at
syndicate I'll see y'all tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next day like so if you're
watching this now by the way this video
goes up on Friday so that's awesome
but then tomorrow is actually gonna be
my birthday I'm gonna be 25 25 years old
on Saturday so on Sunday you'll see my
birthday blog I don't know what we're
doing I don't over drinking we're
partying just growing up like a family
meal whatever but it'll just pout the
way it pans out so heyy that's just a
typical day in the life of Tom so I'm
gonna go much-loved gonna study us
