oh my god you won't believe I just
absolutely sprinted in for my office
because someone just tweeted me saying
he's supposed to be doing daily vlogs
and I thought I've logged in earlier
today but I forgot to and this is like I
need to get this for this gonna be like
a one minute vlog I'm so sorry but I'll
try and do one after Ben then I'll do
one again so then I get tomorrow's done
but I almost forgot to upload this so
that was pretty bad but yeah
what can I talk about everything's good
I've got some really big plans in the
works with something to do with my
YouTube channel and stuff like that so
that's gonna be awesome I'm gonna be
quick to need to upload this and with
that that's really cool and the nuke
videos I've been doing everyone seems to
love them the double new it's got so
much response in it you guys are going
crazy on the likes like I know I say
like if you want to like they don't do
it but like it got like 24 thousand
likes and that was crazy and it was a
nuke video as modern warfare 2 video
like no one pulls that sort of like sand
a modern warfare 2 video so thank you so
much for that support that's crazy and
we hit and 2.1 million subscribers on
the main channel that's just like mind
blow it's crazy I'm I'm not too sure
what I'm gonna do for that I'm gonna do
the Q&A hopefully tomorrow for syndicate
central this channel and for those
who've been massively supporting this
channel thank you probably my hair still
spiked up and seconds yeah just thanks
for all the support the Q&A tomorrow I
think we're almost on 320,000 on this
channel which is crazy but I've just
been sat on YouTube watching videos if
you go on my main channel click feet and
look at all my feet you'll see I've just
like loads of funny videos and ones a
koala one's a really bad video of like
this Russian ball falling off a cliff
which was just horrible like 10,000 feet
is big ball just fell off the cliff it
was like did that just happen yes it did
what the hell I was mad and yes and some
of her funny ones of like this kid
drinking water bottle in like 10 seconds
you're through and just inhales it what
hey guys this been a 2 minute vlog I'm
sorry this is really quick let's get 50
million likes on this video and boobs Oh
