Oh what is this I'm out of the house at
9 a.m. because this guy I have to say
I'm starting this day very well I'm in
an uber black ooh yes driver diesel kill
him no we're headed down to MLG Anaheim
now we're gonna go see the Cowboys win
it I have to say this I've actually
never been to an event where they've
warned I'm not saying they're bad I'm
just really hoping I am NOT the curse so
if they lose this time I'll never go
into another up to game
just saying this is the current
situation I was trying to get that in
the hope stop to Twitter this game
because if they don't win this game
what's more anticipating being at the
actual venue scene or being in the card
endure whether or not we have to turn
around on our you know we get like five
minutes away enough to turn back the
audio is cut out so we don't know who's
won this trip just got even better now
diesel just went to get his credit card
out and he's lost it yeah he waited me
for getting cash out yeah I'm saying
this right now that car is beautiful
like an entrance we're supposed to be in
right now what it content
Optix not playing anymore so we need
content we're sneaking behind the scenes
I have literally no idea where we're
going
yeah can hear you don't know how we're
gonna get into it shit oh we're
definitely the wrong place we'll be fine
it's not like we're missing anything
yo this is a dope cell what oh my lord
I've never seen this before
alright optic loss makes me very sad a
hundred percent or they see me gone you
big boys
yes oh I'm so sad big blocks I'd love to
see them win slam coming to the world
yeah Wow look at this this is a huge set
up oh my goodness me
I am absolutely bigoted oh my gosh look
at this you got a right cell for the
screen over here I'm not sure what
respond we have available we have
something there's no other point it was
being here it optic game playing I ain't
stayin so we're gonna go find hacks give
him a hug give him a love and hope he's
not drowning his sorrows away I never I
where did you get this from
where did you get this so I was feeling
down that he just lost and I told him
that cuz I care about my player so I
always sort of give the best advice I
told her oh I just wanted you never feel
like this again
it's Fox yeah
hey but you felt bad so he bought your
prize this is for you how much would you
pay for this yeah this thing basically
cost a thousand dollars to Parliament
with everybody every penny sorry Hank
but what noise does a lava make and no
noise a lot of ache
are you having to go pretty sure they
just scream but sound like nothing like
any assessment what's filming a shot
with hex with the llama in the elevator
door the hotel room key so I can't get
back down oh I'm really hoping there's
not I thought what about right now can I
go down yes
howl isn't awkward in an elevator with
it a llama some guy gave me his business
card on everything dude this is a hella
mega suite oh my oh my gosh yes Oh check
this is the the best penthouse suite you
can get in this building yes okay okay
wait what man's got a jacuzzi I don't
even think you could fit can you sit in
that what was that scared what was that
scare boys three attempts later we
finally got him I have one rule if you
want me to go to India no Jesus Christ
row Jack has to go I had this dream
sorry he's saying you have to guess
Mobil stream sell him to be able to go
to an in India look at my hair yeah we
know upload speed of good
feel like I need to invite
CaptainSparklez down here to find out
who's bigger CaptainSparklez what
happened since I last saw you at the gym
every day for two years it's not hard
you go to the gym you eat chicken you
succeed and I'm gonna do none of those
things dad bod for life hex is quite
literally having attack detachment
issues from his larvae to the point
where he went back up to his room and
went and got it it's like he's talking
point for the oh my god the answer is
actually good wing it look at him it's
working though it's working
atencion atencion 101 what noise does a
lot of 8 what what noise does a lava
make what noise does a Lama make no
guess kind of close I suppose not curing
odd you won't google it you won't
believe it
X come on bring the llama don't even
want to comment on what's happened
if you don't follows an Instagram at
syndicate off the cache with the three
then you should do as we may have may
not have just posted the most incredible
pot you've ever seen in your life forget
we got lighting we got cameras you got
oh you look beautiful my friend Oh work
it work it work it it's almost like a
magic trick
this all started with our to upstairs to
get photo text it turned into an entire
photo shoot with this one goddamn llama
absolutely worth it actually a legit
looks like some strata for nice fucking
yes see I told you this was a good idea
yeah good this is never been around Oh
perfect
all right so how long would it take you
to teach me how to bowl a 300 game 300
game
yeah yeah I mean my highest is one point
for every shot your honor there let's
start with 200 I get you 200 in like
three weeks if you believe me like you'd
only like score 200 if I learn how to
curve
no it's 200 by this guy can score 300
how old it thats really nice I'm so glad
you did that Cal we've got some time and
effort to put in go straight you throws
it and then it and it just goes now when
he balls is right now it goes straight
forward yep yep yep yep and then why so
net cinema boys now bow that's
revolution you got bowling sponsors yeah
wonderful car we need to step my game up
it's so upset that we leave it but my
uber driver is ready to leave so I'm
bouncing back with the water no way Mike
I think today's vlog may possibly have
the best of nail of all time
agreed it's pretty it's pretty goddamn
epic quite literally epic
Deanne we fancy the Mercedes no going to
flow look at that whoo kill them
yo straight up this ride you riding in
style girl
oh my guys get dad Mercedes laughs Stas
oh this does not look like ramen this
looks like a big rock suit
Wow oh my god thank you whoa whoa whoa
whoa this is a is that my first ever
broth test that's nice
Wow dad damn that's nice this food was
amazing home time for that taste of it
I'm about to pass the hell out I am so
tired now as you said thanks for driving
today I appreciate it love you buddy
all right home time Tom
yeah think of that nice women take room
it's measurable oh hi Pam it's such a
good night if I could right now lie down
and solve it no it wasn't like drunker
and I'm tired and just tired I don't
feel like about a good night's sleep in
about a month
seriously I'm so used to get like eight
o sleep every night without fail
regardless from streaming all my filming
all day I will have a 8 hours sleep
without a fail I think the most mostly
but I've already one night is about six
hours if you remember like that's a lot
of sleep when you base your entire life
around eight hours sleep the optimum
amount of sleep and you don't get it you
feel like poop if I get like seven hours
and 50 minutes sleep seriously I feel
like crap because I know like mentally I
didn't actually get the full eight hours
sleep also I know this is gonna seem
really random but um when I went out I
left on a my subscriber graph Oh No yes
yeah why read all right so let's have a
look oh my god are you kidding me
so the I know that might sound odd seem
odd to a few you guys bought my channel
over the past like 12 months was a bit
like you know what I was
a lot of the same things over and over
again I was always in the UK I never
travelled I never went an export I never
did anything different a six week
straight until I went on a holiday I was
always at home just like whether it was
the same old routine of getting it up
streaming all day just doing the same
thing again and again and again but tell
you something like since I've been like
getting up traveling exploring and doing
new shit look at this like the this like
that plus 400 300 100 whatever that is
the amount of people who have been
subscribing to this channel every single
day so I know this channels you get like
100,000 subscribers a day but you have
no idea how much it means to me to know
that on this day 400 people decided to
subscribe to the channel just because
they watch one of my vlogs and was like
you know what I'm gonna subscribe this
guy and I'm gonna watch his content over
the last 24 hours
854 people subscribe to the channel that
is nearly a thousand people nearly a
thousand people went out of their way
like this is not bought this is not an
army thing I am on no recommended
YouTube channel list or anything but is
854 people went out of the way to go you
don't want I like this guy's videos
subscribe thank you seriously like
you're watching this now I really mean
it I've never I tweet this out like
earlier on yesterday but I've never felt
so much like I started a YouTube channel
all over again like with in the past
like months I've just just a fresh start
fresh content of the mindset of like
life's too short make the most of it you
know doing the daily lives and hanging
out with other people and clubbing with
people and just traveling and doing cool
stuff like I've never truly felt like
I've reset so much then I have done in
the past month and I tell you what I've
loved every minute of it
I really have hangovers aside hang or
wasn't being tired aside I've loved
every minute of it and I just honestly
cannot thank you guys enough so if you
are out there and you have have
subscribed thank you if you haven't done
make sure you click that subscribe
button just thank you for joining me on
this journey I will say this now we are
currently on two million five hundred
and eighty three thousand six hundred
and twenty seven
scribers if we can get to 2.6 million
because I've been on 2.54 like 9 million
years I will be absolutely ecstatic so
if you new around it make sure you click
that subscribe button if you know anyone
who like may enjoy the vlogs let them
know about it time to subscribe
let's try and get to 2.6 and then once
you get to 2.6 let's see if we can get
to 3 million and if we can do if we can
reach 3 million subscribers by the end
of the year that would be crazy
that'll be absolutely crazy and you know
what we crazy than that me go to bed at
a reasonable hour get the vlog uploaded
outside but guys honestly it it means so
much to me that so many people are just
like tuning into the vlogs and enjoying
it and stuff like that
there is days where I do nothing I am a
potato and just lounge around and do
nothing
I you know usually because I'm tired of
home go overboard it's just a day in the
life of me i film every single day of my
life in august that we the third year
that i've filmed every single day i've
not had a day where I've never filmed
but she's kind of crazy okay I wouldn't
do what like if I ever stop vlogging
what I'm just gonna do if I just sit
there and do nothing I'll probably
really get back into streaming cuz I'm I
always like doing something and being
active and going out but it'll be a
little bit of a weird change but guys
I'm gonna end today's vlog here I hope
you enjoyed if you did make sure you
leave a like rating make sure to click
the subscribe and again like I said if
you know of anyone who might enjoy the
vlogs share it with them tell them to
join the firm or post a new video every
single day at 6 p.m. ish I really need
to start throwing that time out the
window and just say I'll see you guys
tomorrow but you know I tried to be
consistent it just doesn't work make
sure you follow me on instagram at
syndicate for other behind the scenes of
the vlogging little sneak peeks of what
I'm getting up to what I'm doing I talk
tomorrow I'll see them for the next day
vlog much love to your face ass adios
and once again I thank you
