hey how's it going guys I'm finally here
with like a vlog I'm in my hotel room
I'm going to show you which I don't know
why just cuz I'm on the corner Oh first
off welcome welcome to my my crib the
weekend I'm here wow this is seriously
bright bathroom because I did this like
really did like sweaty guys don't work
and I went think oh my god fuck this is
crazy but got like a really nice
bathroom like all this fancy stuff
they've done big things that you don't
machinery shouldn't have for me out here
and put me up in this hotel for a week
which is really cool and and yeah just
keeping you guys at bay this one going
to do in this channel you know like I
said many times and I can be sure and
but it's just you know upload vlogs I
record a video when I'm out
you know I show you a tour of a nice
little king size I don't know it's
really nice it might seem like a small
room to you guys well this is actually
perfect
I've got like you know the microwave got
big-ass TV like granny work surface
covered up like you get all these
cupboards and drawers and stuff and wait
this one doesn't even open ah yeah you
can yeah that didn't open but you get
all this and I never use him I just like
I live out my body has fridge is there
anything knit scum no nothing I should
really put my Lucas yeah I couldn't help
it I smuggle the six Crunchie bars and
some lucozade into the country I just
threw that in there so I'm about to go
out now cuz it is
UK time it's like 6:00 a.m. in the
morning so I've been up like almost 24
hours now 22 hours I've been awake oh
but I only had 3 hours sleep then I'm as
well the knocks I went I'll part him if
you saw the vlog will not pie and
celebrate my friend's birthday let's get
some more light in here I'm just oh
there it is ah fuck god damn it
everything's like looks this is like a
really earn it made it look like you
know old school posh Swank it really
does work well because I last when I was
in was like really hip and modern sort I
think indeed Spencer good to have
something like I see like a classy hotel
so yeah I'm really enjoying myself my
flight out here was not I had to oh my
gosh when I got into a woman I went to
her had to run I got to the desk to a
check-in to go from London to LA and I
got to the desk and the woman was till
it turning on like the LED screens off
and stuff like that
and I just when I read you closing
I'm just joking around and she just
looked to me when you check it in and I
saw something yeah that's what I like
and she went you better run get fair you
want run and I just looked and I just
went wow you know fuck she was choking
cuz I was like oh she closing on me and
before I knew it she was genuine being
serious and said you need to be on that
now and I I could not go any faster I'm
not joking I couldn't I couldn't even
run a rape train faster my way through
the airport system if I would have tried
and I didn't do anything different and
it speak to anyone I didn't get like
strip-searched to slow me down or
anything and I've just got shout out
this program I absolutely love it Gold
Rush I've seen it advertised in the UK
but you know we don't I don't think I
have excite these channels discovering
HD or something but in yeah I've just
got it and it's dead exciting and so
yeah I had to run and I just made it in
time I was like the last out of three
people I was one of the last three
people to get on a plane so that was
kind of nuts um so yeah tomorrow before
we're not about true on my phone because
it needs charging
even though this this this if you
haven't got one guys it's a spare
battery pump for your iPhone get one
best thing ever and oh it's a memory
foam bed oh this is this is good this is
this is seriously you you want to sit
here no you can't
that's for Kate I'm joking and yeah I'm
gonna be honest here loads of questions
so if you like drop some questions then
by all means do do on Twitter though cuz
I can do it on the move around this
place because the Wi-Fi actually reaches
to the end of the road and I'm gonna go
to a cafe any minute get some food
hopefully stock up on Twizzlers
Twizzlers are awesome and I bought like
500 last time I was there so that's
everything I'm here safe thank you so
everyone my mum said give her a shower
and a video so sup mum everyone say hey
mom in the comments that'd be pretty
cool and just to show you something more
also check this out this is what I'm
going every morning so people can you
probably see it's crazy dude so guys
like did someone just teehee me but yeah
that's everything I might say Kim you're
swimming every morning and go to a gym
facility that's in this place as well
it's been great thank you for watching
guys I'll do more vlogs I'll probably do
about 10 when I go outside because like
I said the Oscars is actually happening
right next door so it's like loads of
celebrities in like you know just a
bunch of fangirls on the other side of
the road when they see one they're all
like
and I'm like is that is it great great
all these me play huorchi you like
shouting all the youtubers name so I was
gonna do that in just like trolling my
mud I'm kind of tired but I'm gonna go
get some food now thank you for watching
guys and I asked me some questions on
Twitter and I'll try and answer mask
I'll meet you under what should I eat I
don't know come in I do
