ladies and gentlemen this is your
24-hour wine to let you know that if you
want to get the chance to get a
syndicate original limited-edition gold
snapback then they're going on sale
tomorrow at 6 p.m. in the UK worldwide
you can just work that out yourself but
if you want to get the chance to get one
of these gold women positions snap backs
we've been talking about for the longest
time ever there's only one thousand
three hundred and thirty seven of these
in the world if you want to get the
chance to buy one syndicate original
calm tomorrow 6 p.m. don't miss out
awake in the daytime
good morning to your faces it's a new
dawn it's a new day I can't actually
believe I woke up during the daytime
it's probably because it's like you know
mm-hmm first of all but again I was
clearly tired I clearly needed that
sleep I'm going back to bed goodnight
pumped about that gonna shit on Philly a
smart feeling shop time for this red
beauty pie let's do this I could only
assume Luke pulled up in this thing but
right we've made it to three black da
okay look at all the size this wall and
that's the size of the fucking entrance
I've made it to your face what are we
gonna sell here
kind of bigger like all the beamers
building over here and I get any
customized and embroidered let's go for
a walk and I knew I could rely on you
cuz my dad does this for me and Cal does
this for me and I knew the guy with the
most kids in this building could do it
for me don't mess this one up now that
you're on camera dude thank you how good
is this office oh my god I love Utah
Luke's on the door I know you are I know
you are welcome in so this is the office
space if you guys can remember how this
all was laid out
you've got like food trucks for days oh
my god this is actually kind of crazy
we've got food trucks for days big stage
for some music going down in the middle
which looks pretty goddamn sick so many
people here already like oh yes oh yes
this gum gum gum bar this makes me so
happy oh you you telling me filming you
check you out we got all the new space
in there like gave your live streaming
we got this stage oh my gosh I'm stuck
we got we got a butt out here we got a
bar that we got another bar there I
don't even know what this room is what
oh oh yeah yeah this is a cool ass vibe
I love it this is sick and then we got
like three sets of different DJs
look at the size of our office I'm
loving this vibe like this office is
nowhere near finishing at the light I'll
tell you something we did a good job
Oh what is she 3d printing now
I don't even tell boss this is all come
together so god damn well I was just
stood looking at the distance catch me
outside girl just how did she get in I
know nobody outside just so you all know
he's alive
hey have a good night last night I don't
remember I don't remember being in your
vlog I thought everybody said yo go look
at the house plot and I'm like that rose
tweeted me say like X you need to see
what your last night he was good he was
fine he was just really really drunk
chug happy how are we still going to
India though yes
July another big that's all I need to
know can I just throw this out here by
the way I haven't even been backstage of
my own I was like yeah I go backstage my
own office I've never been to this yeah
I've not even not even been back yet
dude how dope are these rooms open space
you put the booth in the corner you got
your your spot up there it's awesome I
love it
I'm glad you like it wait what oh wait
so this is Jamie's is just like the one
blue M&Ms nothing else a green room so
this is her Ryder any deviation must be
cleared so she was like I want donuts
and croissants 25:20 ring pops that was
a specific things yes well but does she
mind that you guys would just help
yourselves to it yes I got this right so
we're out here we'll play rival you've
got this I'm taking on Angelo I thought
I was playing against the computer but I
was playing is this thanks for kicking
my ass I really appreciate my first time
with
thanks guys you build me the best deck
ever just to kick his ass I've only just
play this game for the first time ever
but we're gonna do it best of three
games for $1,000 okay then
double or nothing shit eight years ago
when I first ever came to LA I met an
individual it was like such a good dude
we hung out the entire time but then
I've never really saw him ever again
till then be like looking for your son
right here oh my god the first ever time
I came to LA when I wasn't even 18 this
is like the first home a long oh we
can't talk about that
we drank water inside water yeah to say
that I still know so we we went into
where are we going through Chinatown
with y'all yeah I think everyone hated
us looking back on it now it's awesome
it's a good times and good people what a
legend this is home this is how it all
began hey honey this focus mode oh my
god ready that is the true g-unit likes
yours all the bikers
I feel like I come all the way to this
one three piece of credit that needs to
go out tonight
Angelo the CEO has kept this entire
thing going on since the sofas died so
truth pain pushed it yet several
together taking this to where we've been
and it's leading us forward and as was
in this brand new ship the sailors and
the holy shit is this a good office
yeah oh dude I was reading Jasper like
five days ago it was like fun Jeff it
Jim hates tub I'm like wait till the
right buck do you hate me
no seriously 3bd would not be able to
eat without this guy I know it's gonna
be like raining where they gone
I'm sure they roll up in a Tesla ah come
gum gum gum gum you ready to party and
have some fun you're about spying have
some fun then my friend come into reply
too late the pie is bit super late
tonight but it gets even balik's go okay
I just say thank you very much for
coming thank you forever
I've got an absolute bust tonight and I
I owned the Fluke sent a text being like
hey Alex if you want to come hang out go
do it
yeah I'm sorry for disturbing your lives
to come Hey well thank you very much
appreciate it
how are you how did you even get let in
here I'm just swear I told you I swear I
told security there's a height limit
here I dude this guy named Tom
and you're out in you're not too tall
way to toe wait wait you told I'd get
markiplier in your party to make super
weird nice so racist Wow
did I hear Paul no this this mood
lighting
it looks good do you like your new
office do your life Diego
oh my god advances is this bill the Cure
obvious little bit too
all the way from front the boys because
you've ever been
this agent is like throwing the coolest
by then the killers octopi then opened
up the doors and we're now flying
outside yes yes yes seriously
I'm so proud of the team I didn't find
this on his face I think building
already think the team did this this is
3b D this is 3b d other absolutely kill
it
I'm looking that this is the closed down
check it out it's like a u-haul is like
six trucks here ready to take everything
away oh my plane are you going inside
no he's not no no he's yeah okay I'll be
back before it's ever been a happy talk
tonight is it is been a happy tone like
this you crushed it you curse the
interested no he's trying to make me do
a shot to kill him she could try and
wall back inside and see although he's
still that he's still that okay so
usually drunk people if you if you
disobey from other thirty seconds they
me though right
hi hi if people ever shop here if you
walk away within like 30 seconds they
usually forget for them not that guy
okay yeah okay this video no no no
oh no no save what he's recording for
the world
no don't
this is literally my favorite French
person of all time are you going back
home to France
oh no yeah thank God for that I am
actually beyond fathomed that this is my
office but like seriously so happy this
has been one of the most amazing nights
of my life because it was like this is
the office we want to unveil it to
people and we threw the pie so fucking
hard but it's not like I am honest to
god I got we still can't wrap my head
around the fact that this is the office
this is our space and we're gonna be
killing it here for the next like couple
of years like this is unreal I say this
is so much shock but this is one of the
crew
Angelo's dad one of the main guys to
make this happen
you're a legend seriously like I love my
dad to pieces Angelo and I chose dad
like this and I respect that so much
because it's like this is like a true
family people come together to make cool
shit happen because like look at this
amount of space we have good these my
offices we have we're gonna make so much
cool shit happen I can't wait for you
guys to see it
I'm so hot daddy's still away
i I wish find that with the weight right
now
I'm so happy
honestly go
I don't think you put on the right song
right now no now you got it
yeah I don't know you did the first time
I won this is song yeah
oh it's turning daytime are you about to
cook some really good food you are what
are you doing what is it what is it a
heat gun hot air blower
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna cut straight to
the Angela's got a raging fire because
the work how much food is gone I
actually thought I had nothing oh my god
oh my god all that's vegetables oh
that's horrible
oh my god
wait what the are you serious that's how
you get cold bird oh my god I need it
okay that was hot
15 hours later how's the food look at me
oh oh there's no food yeah every time
I've ever seen you it's over to sunrise
guy guy yeah ah oh my god he actually
did it
there's us oh my god yes oh yes yes yes
I will be so much more happier oh yes
yes yes yes yes yes yes this is knowing
that this guy's cooked food is it done
do we have the good good uh yet oh my
god oh we have the good good oh yes yes
that was worth the way oh my god
yes yes yes this is a good breakfast is
that good breakfast
I think tonight's been a good night and
a good morning oh yeah do you think it's
daytime right now you showed in the blog
party public can't see how that glasses
cuz it's got so many fingerprints
anybody I go in the blog but that bus is
Wow
I'd bang tonight Ed Wood would do Chris
so what are you saying hey racist oh
really weird why friends I can't with
2018 two thousand years later and you
have to say this man story is going
nowhere white I know I'm I'm going to go
have a great night much love goodbye
I'm actually overwhelmed that I'm
walking away from the pie tonight during
the daytime I came here at night at 5:00
till daytime what if tonight this is our
office one absolute spot you pie it's so
hard all night
I don't know I can't quite make up Kenya
literally rolling in at nearly 7:00 a.m.
everyone's like leaving the cap arcing
garage everyone else is going off to
work like it took me like an hour to get
home in traffic I've never been in a
situation where it took me that long to
get home from a night owl oh my
god I can't leave a more just click back
another thing is I am gonna wait all day
so you can stay up now and edit my vlog
or go to sleep for an hour and then get
up and do it but if I go to sleep the
chances are and guys it's the next day I
tell you what man editing that that
might be one of my favorite vlogs to
ever edit it like I wasn't doing the
craziest stuff it was just beating one
spot the entire time but it was just
such good people
such good vibes and you can you can just
tell my energy in the video I'm just so
stoked but guys honestly we've got
nothing but amazing like things ahead of
us at through video I can't wait to get
like the game's launch that we'll work
it on like the mobile tower defense game
that we've got coming soon like that's
all I ever play so I would just I just
want my own so that's what we're doing
it's like we've got so many big projects
in the world and I can't wait to share
with you guys but you know like none of
this would ever be possible like the
vlog wouldn't be possible am i traveling
like probably in an americorps anything
like that wouldn't it been possible
without you guys tuning in and watching
one of my videos if you're an old school
viewer after all these years thank you
so much if you somebody just subscribe
over the past few days in the past few
weeks or some other thank you for
subscribing and welcome board welcome to
the life of Tom my life is a bit
backwards right now because it's like
you know I'm literally sleeping all day
just to go to parties at night but you
know what I wouldn't change it I'm
loving it I'm absolutely over them
hanging out with such good people and
everything is just amazing people want
me to go to Las Vegas this weekend with
him but I'm actively choosing to say no
to that because as much fun as I would
have with them going part in there I
just don't need that Vegas is a bad idea
for me just kills me so thank you very
much for watching if you are new around
here make sure to subscribe if you're
not subscribed subscribe button take
down the notification bell
see you guys tomorrow let's just say
like I'll see you guys tomorrow
what I'm going to say time just because
you see what it's like every day every
time I try and get it up for 6:00 p.m.
that's 10 a.m. here but I got back from
the night hour like a am i standing it
just wasn't a thing so I am sorry about
the vlog being late it's just not a
reasonable thing me getting up at 10
a.m. it really really isn't so I love
you I'll leave your subscribe follow me
on Instagram up fro syndicate and I'm
first work for them twitter at pro
syndicate follow me on instagram at
cynic
visit behind the scenes of the vlog I'll
see you tomorrow for the next day of
love much love and a setting us
