before we get into today's vlog I think
that you guys know that if you guys want
to grab the brand new syndicate original
hat this edition gold snapback there's
only 1337 in the world they're going on
sale on the 15th of June they drop at 6
p.m. so if you want the chucks to get it
do not miss out because once they're
gone they're gone and they will never be
back on sale ya better know your boy KN
clutch right here she's looking for my
name on the car pops does guess what
she's been a hand
chick-fil-a oh yeah mister yourself
thank you so much I appreciate a lot
thank you I'm very looking forward to it
appreciate you it must times release the
motor should be wide go get food well
you can have it brought to you yes oh my
goodness me Ninja is the go massive
respects a carriage but didn't you just
won a million dollars for charity
good lots to say this right now it looks
like my apartments been robbed by
someone who's just really trying to find
some clean clothes because I'm try
rubbing my apartment and I'm trying to
find clean clothes
this towels everywhere the shots I don't
even want to look inside this room I've
just not had the time to keep on top of
book delays gentlemen welcome to new
dawn
I've no keynote or something Oh Jerry
Jerry Jerry me it's a new dawn it's a
new night I may only just Beast I'm a
day and it's currently 11:55 p.m. I'm
not even messing with you guys I was so
tired from today of trying to get that
vlog rendered and uploaded that it just
went so wrong that I couldn't sleep from
the night before plus being jet-lagged
you know flying from you know Bali but
it all just caught up with me and I've
only just climbed out of my slump at
like nearly midnight so what's the one
but obviously it's III week so III wheat
means pie pie pie spice pies I missed
the most legendary pie pretty much of
all time and you're like what's the most
legendary party of all time
it was the fortnight III party it was an
entire pie feeder and for that that a
boss like all youtubers and streamers
was there ninja was there marshmallow
was there they had a concert and a
surprise guest logic came out
I had an invite to this and what was I
doing
I was sleeping but it was clearly
obvious that I needed some sleep I've
been through a million parties yes I'm
very good at I missed that one but at
the same time if I needed to sleep I
needed to sleep I am quite tired now but
I've got at least half a day and do
something so let's see what we can turn
this 92 oh my god
I made it okay walking in to a bank bar
right now but everything's okay
they've got my breakfast I have a
stellar I've might hear anything all day
absolutely anything that this sounds
dialing
I'm surrounded by life legends right now
one guy who's incredible in phone Ivan
probably one of the good like the best
player in the game and then this guy
best player in the game of making money
for charity
how much 500 thousand have a million
this guy come in
I'm so glad I came out why you mean
we'll give me like that what's it I was
being mugging the vlog I look if he
can't upload on time it's because he had
a good time give a little you a break
yeah mama now or not was like seven I
was late but we won't talk about that
seven hours six hours same thing I don't
have a good time
it's interstates right now I'm so glad I
came out tonight I did not expect some
of it to him to anyone and he's coming
to India with me in July if you get it
organized telling the day's I welcome to
India it's organized side you sort have
it organized in my head right now but
it's organized already hey your head
ahead first we're going it's so good
that they already told me to not bring
good shoes because my shoe season
oh shit so what about you India no
perfect goodbye you get an uber and you
get an uber and you get a new boom
however I ended up here with you okay so
aromatic works yes somebody said the
squirrel of JW Marriot so we saw war
it's not you I guarantee they're not
seven drinks I guaranteed
I guarantee we won't get drinks
guarantees I'm telling you right now I
think the bars closed they're cleaning
they're literally cleaning it he's
confident he's confident in himself but
alert no no nobody's has a drink on
their table and this guy's just gonna
think he's you're gonna walk over so
what are you saying that there's loads
of clothes at one okay I'm doing house I
only find banks
first of all it's absolutely feel
amazing but how many floors is this
house are you even serious right now
what the actual hell no he's a good boy
oh my god look at this dog so even for
50 grand you insulted me it's just going
down this guy straightaway he's just a
wizard and everything he goes and he's
gonna take his money cuz I'm sorry for
doubting you
I really I'm really I'm really sorry for
doubting you you're absolutely cleaning
the god dunt I had money on you shitty
bad guys Oh bring it back right now this
is it bring it back
they're divided the white ball of the
backbone Oh
Dola is this the rematch this is it five
years ago Menke played a game of pool I
baby I British dollars
he beat me it's time to win the money
back five years later yeah it's been a
while this this is the rematch gourry
the five British pounds five British
problems on the line let's get going
this is a reputation that I need to
maintain well I see you again in five
years time it's actually good yeah now
that was easy
I'm not about this wife
so professional jitan what do you do to
me he's only got two balls what's on the
table came why
don't I speak for advice because I ain't
giving it you dude you've absolutely
cleaned me I've got one two three four
five balls left on the table this know
if you get this in you're a wizard no no
no no all you gotta do is put them the
black ball in get it done
finish me five five five years in the
making five years in the making
okay hi oh well that not what no rice
scum no longer has a stream late for a
stream that says do you take calories
room so sorry Brian I owe you a new
light oh sure
can we just say this right now that was
not all we were playing through the
inside time we didn't do it obvious one
goal we would never do such a thing
you saw just a how to do this or what
why T food what the fuck guy don't do it
it's over
don't do it five years ago I won this
game
good see your five years well played is
there an entire floor of this house
that's just a gym why no but really why
what an actual hell they have an entire
like look this is a force five storey
house with its own mad ass gym oh all
right where we going now
oh I've outside not been on this floor
what is this wait what what I did I
thought you'd like a studio for this
this is my sister even room hot this is
sick
whoa okay okay okay nice little staff as
well as cable management now mmm
this is tasty does every single person
who moves here have a suitcase that is
complete look how big that suitcases
look how overfilled that suitcases
that's just not efficient I don't know
dude I travel out of a backpack let
alone a floor a suitcase not make this
is another room that's nice this is like
a guest room oh shit where the bed
I love that you just you have an
elevator
is so sick the most colorful closet I've
ever seen in my life
but I'm just gonna go ahead and
represent that so whenever he comes home
you know that Mavericks always there for
him I just still can't get over that
this house is five stories are you
kidding he's like have you not seen the
fair yeah I'm like no no do you know you
ha yeah they they have a dancers ball in
the middle a disco ball projector and an
entire cinema living here this is
ridiculous 1 2 3 4
18 19 21 22 persons in a room what the
heck just wait for mailman's word
elevator in your own home is pretty
crazy I like how I'm really being hugs
out right now okay let's make this a
savage no I'd rather just eat this raw
just really gonna be done what we're
gonna do great decisions
this is legitimately been such a good
night from up waking up at me like I
have no idea what I'm gonna do him a
night to be in here has been incredible
like dude look well a live is amazing
bike oh wait what the heck is going on
what the hell I'm just gonna assume that
this is a hot tub that's everything
and therefore it looks like this yeah
okay I'm just gonna walk away but I tell
you something man
I'm walking down with a breakfast bowl
in my hand I've had a really good night
I couldn't even believe teams Towers
here like bags I appreciate the invite
man thank you very much I'd such a good
guy such a good night oh my god I was
hanging with all day oh yeah get it go
discord that's the thing thank you so
much absolutely that's such a good night
but as much that I could stay it to
whatever time I'm gonna go home give a
ball get it get it uploaded for the next
day I like the thing is because of the
time I woke up I'm like really not tired
right now bought a smart thing to do is
just go home garrison saw it be fresh
bit tomorrow because tomorrow is the 3bd
party so I'm looking forward to that and
then maybe meet you know with these boys
after his birth I say to banks like he
lives in LA and I'm like all I ever want
to do is just do cool shit have fun and
like go out and do things and he's on
the same page like he's like everyone's
working all day I want to go do cool
shit and I'm like let's do it so all
right time to get Eber home and can I
just say look at that Jeep Wrangler oh
my god absolutely gorgeous yeah I've had
such a good time seriously I was so
pissed off today
I really want one being lay all that
sort of stuff then really I was in a
really bad mood if you guys just didn't
know cuz I like kind of deal with it
like doesn't really deal with it but I
was really pissed off I was so upset
that mr. Phan my part I like so pissed
off I'm missing so many people but there
have been else makings at which party
you don't sit to make it to the twitch
pac---- and seen like loads of people
that I didn't think I was gonna see like
I saw hack stop please I saw everyone
there and just makes me so happy knowing
that I'm surrounded by such good people
and then like to go up to the banks are
really nice guys I'm not gonna end this
war because it's currently it's five
minutes past five so what I'm going to
do is I'm gonna end this vlog here I'm
gonna end this vlog here so what I'm
gonna do is go to bed for three hours
wake up and in the vlog I am get a
bullet for 10 a.m. and then I'll be
ready to start my day I probably will
have a few more hours sleep in between
that moment of time but rather than
sitting down at in the vlog now I just
need some sleep so I'm not doing the
same mistake I made yesterday which was
the whole you know try and go to try try
and edit it straight away and don't
worry about sleep in the slightest
because that just did that did not work
out for me it's all so guys thanks for
watching I appreciate you all so much I
love you I'll leave you I'll see you
tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish for the next
daily vlog and until then much love I'm
sorry
Instagram yep you heard it here first
follow me on instagram at syndicate link
in the description see you all there
much love I study us
