who's this hello where're you from
oh really it's around here I do you see
the videos as I was saying but your name
woody woody
very nice to meet you what have you
brought the woman he works he was like
Tom I think your friends outside I was
like no above my people I know what
inside they know and he turns out I've
got fighting Bali's tuna for the last
day and it's about to rain right now
I've got a head to the airport
I'm leaving you caught me on the best
day I leave today yeah I'm sorry
those eyes oh you want a pie John would
you like one oh yeah let's give all the
pies oh well all right there's a pipe
you thank you oh hell yes that's right
one now yeah dude I'm in the middle of
ballet don't expect to bump into anybody
here in the UK we describe this this
looks like a tart yeah yeah yeah egg top
then what's in it what flavor is it
supposed to be this milk milk well my
sister literally means milk buy milk
fire yeah that's good that's good yeah
them to a munching away on it already
that finished it yeah so I've got all
those to take home with me yes oh my god
okay so alice is gonna kill me for this
light and when I say kill me I mean
she's gonna absolutely execute me but
because that's the first fun that I've
met from barley like I've met I met
Scottish guy yep that is awesome but the
fact that I've got a worldwide audience
is just epic and I'm pretty sure insane
we don't ship syndicate original to Bali
so there's a there's only 1300 337 of
these in the world this is a
limited-edition hat and that's the first
one that's mine that's yours
there you go that's for you these pies
are amazing thank you very much my
friends you look after yourselves oh
thank you very much buddy you look at
yourself Oh
that is good right
I thought it was one big pie brought me
because like when you look on the box
it's like the size of a pie and it looks
like a pie box I was like sick and then
I realized it's a million little pies
Atlas is gonna absolutely kill me when
she knows I've given away that heart
that is that true like the first of the
limited-edition hats that I just gave it
away but I think it was fun I think it
was justified I think that was a good
shower place to stay in Bali this is a
very good shout just rude district
little marketplace and like cafe and all
that is a really really good spot the
villa was amazing and then you know what
if I ever came back
I made you stay there simply because the
Wi-Fi is not like that and it's time to
say goodbye I love you I'm sorry for
breaking your brother you were amazing I
feel like I should really just leave the
players here for the next person but you
know what it's all next time my friend
until next time oh they're here
finally okay so this is the Joshua
district button which I probably
could've take me to do but I've already
ordered one now so tell me get my bags
time to head to the airport ain't
feeling too promising seriously I don't
have a credit card to go to buy a new
one I've got two hours and 40 minutes to
get to the airport it take it's supposed
to take an hour to get to the airport it
took me an hour and forty last time and
I stopped and checked in save some
reason I'm not allowed to check-in
online which is seems kind of dumb Bob
I tried yesterday it didn't let me so
just just pray for me and we'll make it
we're all about them positive vibes I'm
the master of winging it but I ever
checked it will do I love you dude all
right
time to get on the road my dad hello are
you doing okay Airport super fast super
fast thank you all right I had some
money to get the vlog edited in the back
of the taxi right now but we've still
got about 25 minutes we appreciate fine
an hour and 40 minutes before the fly
but we'll stay comfortable sweet hour
later we have made it to the airport
let's just hope they let the other plane
like please let the other played and the
render only has six minutes left to go I
take it back
I'm not going to tile under any car back
and went to Taipei so be 18 to be 24
checking open and but Guiche I almost
said the other word then but that's
probably a good I don't know all right
the vlog is edited my battery's about to
die and I need to get through the
security ASAP okay so I'm not gonna miss
the flight but I'm a mister fly it
because I don't have like because my
credit card I don't have a flight out of
LA I got a flight to LA but not back
from LA so I have to ring Jeff to see if
they'll buy me a fly a herb if your
Bible your flight from LA to England
like just get me into a like counselor
and then I'll buy my own proper flight
from LA to England I've had to text Luke
in America here like hey yeah Luke
you've got like 10 minutes but um I need
you to book me a ticket just from LA out
of the country out of the United States
anywhere else in the world it just
booked me to get out of LA so I can at
least fly in there today to then be able
to like you know just get in the country
I've got about 10 minutes before I'm
about to miss this flight and Luke's on
it so fingers crossed he pulls through
yeah starting to pack up the desk and
they're all ready to go to the gate and
I'm the only person stood here waiting
this is potentially one of the most
anticipated moments of catching a flight
I've ever had in my life he did it he
did it great success try to ask him if
there's any upgrades available the plane
and he was like no not on this leg but
on the second flight there is oh can I
look at uh I'm in a minute wait hmm dumb
credit card okay I can't do it so I'm
okay I'm basically just gonna fail by
entire a whole it started with a don't
have a flight out of country and now
it's I can't buy anything as soon as I
get into another country I've got no
other currency screwed but err they'll
be fine we're just gonna wing it see how
things go
I don't know we'll survive a fight
airplane peanuts or something like that
this is my gate these are my people
I've got some time to get some food and
you might wait you should join no money
I don't but I still have Indonesian when
it
mmm but something more important than
that that I need to do is find a plug
socket quickly plug into my laptop get
my laptop lit a little bit of juice and
get my wallet logics I got it rendered I
just can't overload it so I could find a
plug socket I could potentially get the
vlog uploaded on time
okay if that stays around 25 minutes
I've got about 25 minutes he told my
wait what no I just messaged me are you
going to e3 this year I feel like that
was a pretty good response to impose but
no really if this actually monitors to
upload within 20 minutes then were
completely set as if I had that
situation where Luke had to buy me a
ticket and then I was like oh my god I'm
gonna do a vlog I'm gonna do about the
vlog so then this where I've actually
got the vlog uploaded the mail title
scheduled and everything it's it's done
like it's actually done oh my god I was
actually super worried that this was
going to be in an absolute catastrophe
but feeling okay
turns out my flights boarding I've got
five minutes before the flight actually
would so I could have eaten that in the
restaurant and I've to panic but at
least I know I've got I've got a lamb
chop meal for the plane perfect like I
said I don't know if you get a meal on a
plane but regardless now oh yes yep I
know this is a pretty strong statement
book these might be the best jobs I've
ever had of life okay thank
they're so flavorful
if you've ever eaten chops before and
you've seen them finish like that that
means you know they were that good my
favorite British meal I think honestly a
full British meal is like lamb chops
pork chops cooked by my grandma she used
to make the most amazing pork chops like
like that honestly I was giving her like
flashbacks what some amazing food with
homemade chips Oh perfection so I'm
gonna sleep what else did I get I got
that but then it actually came with like
something else what else was my option
what did I get with it
oh just salad yeah I would never read
them anyway I'm kind of like such a
boring Giver
like I will eat anything like about a
coaching like a fun special like a
Michelin star restaurant I don't care
what it is because it's not a massive
plate of veg it's like mix together in
this tiny little bit so it's like one
little mouth for a month perfect but if
you go for a meal it's like loads of
edge and loads a hell if I'm like a
little city this is a little boring
that's exactly what this looks like oh
it's almost ralien friends Tim Tams well
I got one of the two things I needed so
don't need any snacks for the plane you
know I don't things are pretty much a
okay to go if I was this tape and
although it has this is crazy I just
can't believe it's actually gone
smoothly talking around I've still got
this flight to go and then if they look
like to go boy
god damn I was not expected to make this
fire I just everything has been against
me
we're doing it let's get a-goin 5 hour
50 minutes fine I think to the next
destination
I'm not flying business if I tell you
what I did get some pretty good legroom
look at that how is this deep under
absolutely awesome this seat does have
kind of like lots of legroom if you sat
in this seat
cuz I'm like look you've got loads of
straight leg room whereas me with a
broken leg
I'm secure well but after kind of like
sit like this intruding on this lady's
leg room and I did put my feet up on
this and then they were like excuse me
sir this is a life or after can you not
do dirt F which makes total sense so I'm
not gonna put my fall on the wife right
again goodbye darling
see you next time
control to the players
where's Virginia
hi it was really staring at me I only
just realized how big the TVs are on
this plane
check her out boys look at the size of
my boys 480 people with I got made a cup
of tea that I think British people will
be disappointed
oh dear but uh don't judge a book by
it's cover
nope definitely do just like that we've
landed in Taipei I'm not sure how long
the layover is bought and guess it two
hours okay
welcome to Taipei Airport first
impressions muskie I check the time I've
got an hour and 10 minutes to get to my
next gate and then I have a twelve hour
flight out of me which I'm tall what to
do if I try and stay awake as much as
much as I can on this flight
land and then sleep I'd be fine but then
it's the other option and the other
option is sleep on this plane and
because he's three I like all the
youtubers are in town everyone's gonna
be out partying and stuff like that I
could sleep on this plane be nice and
rested for London LA go out and get
drunk party with all my friends have a
good time see you Luke see all the
homies and then just pass out drunk and
then hopefully we can put a reasonable
time the next day you know episode but
it just doesn't seem smart to me I'm
also trying to work I in the head is do
I have to end the vlog now cuz it's
nearly midnight and start a new vlog in
the plane or because I'm travelling back
in time because I'm going I'm going back
like 12 hours do I just keep going I
think I keep going okay I need to go to
Taiwan look at this place oh my gosh it
looks like summer wait is this actually
where drastic park was filmed because
that's exactly what it looks like Los
Angeles 11:50 perfect so I have got
half an ounce kill what can I do in an
airport for half an hour with money meat
slabs I can not buy it's pretty just
disgusting me
oh sorry what oh it's not me it's raw
fish eggs forgive me how did I not know
is that totally looks like it but and
see if I can use my phone to buy a
coffee with the contact was bad I'm not
sure if it's gonna work but I'm gonna
try a very vanilla latte so I've lost my
business card or my other credit card
which was like my day to day cab the one
that I lost in the washing machine I
didn't report as like lost or stolen so
it didn't get canceled so that one's
still active and usable on my mobile
phone
that doesn't mean I can spend much money
cuz I love like a daily limit on it like
the amount you can use contactless but
nonetheless I do actually have a means
of paying for things by card don't know
if I can use it to get cash out though
and it could I can offer to buy people
things for cash you know sell my service
I did the genius thing I've put in my
drink on the conveyor belt conveyor belt
don't say that wrong conveyor conveyor
belt
how their conveyor belt conveyor belt
how do you say it either way I think I'm
pretty genius right now what they have a
full HyperX booths at the airport that's
kind of crazy
although nobody's walking on the walkway
so it's all I can say so it stops my
drink stopped thank you very much oh
shit it's gonna fall over okay I have
never seen anything like this before in
my life what a four-in-one
revolving lemon system for an iPhone X
I'm tempted to see if I could buy it
just to see what it's like cuz batshit
crazy I was gonna say I have questions
but no this isn't this isn't structural
guide from the airport okay the dog is
warning him about bringing food or
animals into other countries this is not
by the way a child's area or anything
like this is just a screen on the middle
of the airport but it was kind of
terrifying white human centered
concentration come in and experience the
latest lighting technology for an
enhanced breeding environment
also enhanced about it
yeah not too sure what was enhanced
about that they were just normal halogen
white board strips okay this is kind of
difficult to do when you've got one leg
that's good maybe I shouldn't walk and
try and do this at the same time there's
people like sleeping like unchaste of us
yet this guy's the happiest guy in the
world because these guys little screen
is on the phone and he's filming the
chairs legend my kinda guy all right
well I think you've only got 20 minutes
till we board I really do want to try
and see if I can O'Brady like this would
be a really fun flight to see like what
China Airlines business offers classes
like bought just can't pay for it I have
to sneak into first class
imagine that I'm like what if you can
get away with that well I'm filming it
so I'm kind of like coming to crime and
putting it on video so that's not a good
idea rather than a ride all right let's
do this
12-hour flight here we go oh the dream
there's loads of seats as well I could
have paid to upgrade but no okay
have you ever seen Bob's Burgers
that definitely looks like a fan bubbles
burgers like is it Tanya Tina Tino Monte
no she told so this is premium economy
you get a nice little uh ID so you know
what I don't know what that is get
little tray table a nice little TV I
have a window seat with I would say yeah
I think you but I do have the wing in
front of me so I get half of this like
this is great like I chose premium
economy myself like rather than look
really normal to this it was like 20
quid more so I was like hell yeah rather
sit like this then like the crumbs up
the entire time because like will come
which I can sprawl on my legs like the
river the leg room here I've got
absolutely blows get out I've got the
seat recline D that this is gritty
there's absolute live on this plane
service good Wi-Fi I might get my laptop
and try and play runescape oh how can
you expect me to I
How to Train Your Dragon all right next
up house oh my god
slipstream event
next up
Oh co-op me Everest Airlines would you
fuzzy slippers
yeah Jenna time to be gusty
right so I have a choice of beef and
rice or chicken at noon so you better
know
chicken noodle try to advise
I am gonna do a hot
I'm just gonna go edit button
very much and I think
the noodles are some really good
really good the chicken
I tried to cut it it doesn't even cook
okay the main meal was sketchy
it was just pasta that monster to visit
on our satellite injury however it does
ice cream
cough leave robots a month already some
types of Wow
I really can't believe a month wandering
I thought this junior hole was gonna be
one of the most
tracking historic journeys of an evident
it really was for about 15 minutes from
Los Angeles I say the month works at 30
minutes away about to London I do
believe that we're running like an hour
late so the rebe D new office by that
we're having today I think I'm going to
miss Canada
really soaked more if I know the guys
like one says Pisces and finishes at 10
there's abundant I even go to my
apartment show a change that tax on down
to the office of artistic Australia this
I don't ever look like this folic acid
fresh from a country of windy jungle
roads to the urban grid this is crazy
touchdown lazy gentlemen tell me get my
boot go and get to the party and I'm
just saying this right now
James called it
James caught an incredible job at why
a massive range of emotion which no
offense I just wasn't expecting so I'm
will I only know him from like Gavin and
Stacey but it was incredible we've only
just landed they need to fly to China
just so I can experience this best boss
a looks quite cool it's not quite
Emirates but it's quite nice I'm not
sure about the interior though okay
expert travel at all usually I fly in
from the UK I want to find from the UK
the past two times I've been to LA I got
through the securing about three minutes
that was my high score however I'm
flying in from China I don't know if
it's any different game as the country
so this may take a long time or a short
time every single person here they take
between two to five minutes each so if
you get past ten people you've saved
yourself twenty to thirty minutes
the more you know okay not too bad not
too bad
five minutes later through security
whoever it was like internally who
redesigned during the entire lax
security line like people coming into
the country you deserve a million dollar
raise so I can't get an uber so I have
to get a taxi but I've got to get
attached to my apartment and then in my
apartment right listen to this when we
once went to a strip club
Sooni gave me like $100 in $1 bills and
there just lay on my table on the side
so I'm gonna get a taxi now
from the airport to my apartment go get
the $1 bills out and pay the taxi driver
$1 bills he's gonna hate it but hey
getting paid getting paid so let's go
get those $1 bills Tara get that
stripper titties Willie the taxi driver
doesn't need to know where it came from
do you already see my titty glitter
money reveal thyself this is a draw of
like dollar bills from strip clubs that
we've ever been taken to that is a lot
of dollar bills I really hoping there's
maybe some fives in there so I don't
have to pay this guy in only ones ball
it's looking like I'm gonna have to okay
it's less awkward I do have a lot of
ones but I found a 10 and 3/5 so it
makes things a little bit less awkward
otherwise the stack was like three times
the size of this so pay the taxi man
collect my luggage shower party time
he was chill about it this is definitely
t-money I was like I'm a G yeah I swear
I'm a genius at being the word I'm gonna
use and not bleep is a fucking Urkel you
know why that taxi I ran down paid him
absolutely started everything's great
walk away you saw me walk away with my
rucksack with my laptop perfect that's
why I need my suitcase yes Bernie get up
to my apartment I go right I'm gonna
unbox my newer iPhone cables I've only
got 20% battery I own no single iPhone
cable in this entire building but I
bought one and I put it in the travel
bag from Emirates well I got my travel
might remember it I got that I got my
bag back and I was like and then I
closed it closed the boot and then it
was like right I was like cheers mate
see you later all the best bye and you
saw me walking dude to completely forgot
to give me the little bag like don't get
me wrong it was really small and could
it blend it in so easily but I was oh
shit but luckily I got the receipt of
the ride so like is taxi number all that
sort of stuff and a random straightaway
being like I need to get this like thing
but apparently they're not open so I
rang him up with my number my name I'm
hoping they have it and it gets dropped
off at like a department I can go and
collect it another day or something but
the unfortunate thing with that now is
that had like I've been surviving out of
it that
all my toiletries in it like there's no
toiletries in my suitcase but the look
thing is my apartment in LA I do pretty
much everything
oh my amorous slippy sliders I just made
up only would I bother
I meant slippers I'm the Emirates
pajamas unless I made it to the face
ship monster cat party 19 hours of
troubling I made it every time I see him
he's got different bullet hair
are you I'm actually gonna win this
fight
new inference I have no idea who's
performing next well I guess we'll find
out
Cheers if it wasn't for this guy
I felt I felt but these tight time I say
to the lovely
Oh
first of all I love
I just had a guy come up to me kiss me
this guy came up to me a kiss
Oh of all these cars in this parking lot
whose whose car who's car could that be
oh I don't know that the one guy who
can't park a car hey guy don't don't
even try and dodge the camera you were
his passenger have you seen this this is
over but you saw a guy I see you had a
parking problem that you reversed over
the desert you
you said you seemed to have just driven
just a little bit a little bit over
there is this one thing called a curb
and you just seemed to go past it no no
I'm I get am I going in I love G wagons
G wagons are great it made me a
pimped-out to a Prius bought
it can yeah you can't really complain
about the noise it's gorgeous
okay so no idea where we are but this
usually means Chris are we get Chris a
weird that after after PI forgotten
after after after after party
you couldn't even attempt to vlog inside
that but all I'm saying is where I came
out from it's nothing daytime you like
the fact that you're in the way oh the
one post is really gonna help you you
know maybe I did good insane amazing
first night in LA - come come oh what a
good sleeping on a bench
oh oh yo-yo sleep oh hey what dude I
can't what time is it dudes really 6:00
a.m. what uh I don't I don't wanna hear
it okay
I just don't hear it right you see that
laptop right there I've rendered out the
video that you're watching right now
four times that took thirty five minutes
to 45 minutes each time to render out
each time it failed and failed and
failed and failed that's why the video
was late okay so there's an entire five
minutes of footage that you guys are not
seeing right now where I was and the
tacks in a way back I bought an iPhone
cable off the off the driver for twenty
British pounds because they have no
money no cash and I buy everything I was
like you can just go to a cashiers place
but transfer it for like more more
American money and he was like deal
sounds like a plan and I bought the
cable off him however all that footage
came out corrupt it's just not working I
can't put it in I've tried rendering it
I've tried fixing it and I can't so I'm
just gonna go you know what I quit this
vlog Tori three hours late I have not
yet been to bed and it's currently like
1:00 p.m. in America I got back from
Bali I stayed awake I went out a pileup
I had it's now 1:00 p.m. and I've not
yet been to sleep I'm exhausted
I'm absolutely shattered all I want to
do is sleep so I'm gonna end this will
and we're trying to edit it uploaded few
faces I'm sorry was late I'm really
really sorry but there's nothing I could
do about all right I've literally tried
you saw me on Twitter I tried to get
inside but I couldn't so thank you for
watching make sure you leave a like ring
subscribe if you haven't done making
YouTube accounts subscribe ding dong
that notification bell I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m.
ish 7 p.m. for the next daily vlog
alright
I'm really sorry about this this has not
happened before in like the past
probably like 3 years of me doing
vlogging I've never had a file corrupt
on me so about like this so I'm really
sorry but I'm gonna get this rendered
edited and uploaded I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the next daily vlog follow
me on instagram at syndicate and I tell
that much love in a Cell yes
