possibly go wrong Hey what what what do
you mean we're getting kicked out but
stop it
I'm packing up my bags I packed my other
bag because there's genuinely this time
no more rooms in this hotel so we're
having to leave cuz Jeff's got a plan
the third time in one a holiday trip I'm
packing up all my stuff - now take it to
a different destination I'm sorry where
are my manners good morning world it's a
new dawn it's a new day it's a beautiful
day in a Thailand wait wait first of all
I can't see the weather in a second of
all of my town
oh it's kind of cloudy it's kind of
cloudy but it's not bad one sec oh by
the way I think I've worked off actually
is I think it's all the pollution from
riding on the motorbike so you might buy
one of that masks like you see people
like in China and stuff like that where
II might wear one red book we're going
on our next adventure so yeah if this
was your bag I'd have been very
disappointed in you that looks like my
grandma's bag that's that I'm just
telling the truth
that's more like it this is entire trip
I've been meaning to use it the COPO
other chest mount let's see if we can
throw in some random adventures on the
bikes start that up oh no scooby oh god
I need to feel as well sure I'm on empty
let's get ready to rumble
you got a new gang there's Jeffrey get
himself some fuel yeah I'm gonna do the
same I'm gonna get ya thank you they
filled over the premium Absolut Vodka
Jeff wait
everyone just writes QZ there's no point
having a class it if you have the car
it'll take you probably five times as
long to get somewhere yes you can carry
chuckle I forget to check for a bite
it's so beautiful
look at that Wow
there's a beautiful little beach these
little temple things are everywhere most
people just have them in their garden
which is bad and there's huge that's
gonna save that see them totally safe
look where we are where I was sat
outside at 1:00 a.m. last night
hey just play it cool town and it wasn't
me I'm really hoping that footage came
out looking good because okay this would
be like a Dana laughs of Tom first
person
welcome to paradise by the chairs
nice totally wasn't sat outside this
building one o'clock this morning
stealing their Wi-Fi and yet again I'm
gonna steal some more I keep drinking
these kind of drinks in the attempt that
is gonna make me healthy all like flush
my body out of all the that's
inside it but it just doesn't look good
I can drink one of those or than five
pictures of alcohol this is called a
healthy balanced thank you oh and for a
main course today we're going for some
chicken satay Zhaan lemon lemon grass so
let me go stick that's good that's
really good and then there was one Jef
and Emily have got off into our next
place but we're staying just to make
sure I have it it's good and saw it I'm
ready I can't leave this building yet
until I upload my vlog and I've only got
15 minutes left to go they just sent me
an address to load into my Google Maps
like download the travel room and then
try and get myself to destination but
then the problem is like if anything
goes wrong if my phone dies if my phone
some reason loses the roof I will have
no way of communicating with Jef and
Emily because I've got no day I can't
buy any more data I have to just try and
find a Wi-Fi spot and then try my
FaceTime audio them the struggle just
continues on this holiday so know what
one step at a time
done all right wish me luck and let's
hope we make it to the destination I've
got my phone in there helmet check now
all you gotta do is get there in one
piece so wish me luck
what could possibly go wrong hey my
iPhone is gonna get rattled - absolute
 in there oh my god like what your
race look at this you just gotta go for
it commit and just hope no one crashes
into you this is all about the beat
maybe give it to your place it just keep
her going
okay so I'm here
Annie Jeff dropped his pin in this
location okay I don't know how to get to
where he is and I can't call him so we
have to do some driving around and try
and look for maybe something that looks
like a villa okay so this is now so it
completely else I pulled out off that
road rooms like I have no idea where to
go I was actually gonna go that way
towards a beach and try and see if it
was like a cafe to connects I didn't
know but I drove down this road and this
woman here was like hello Villa and just
shouted me as I was riding best so
welcome to the villa is this all of us
what what oh my god there's so many
mosquitoes oh my gosh this is amazing
how much was this tonight 150 wow that's
incredible you left your bike running
outside for 45 minutes with the Kia
there yeah stop me he's not responsible
at all is it okay so it looks like we're
in the middle of nowhere but let me just
spin around real quick this is where
we're staying
this is the villa so we found this at a
B&B get a little Sun Lounger over a cute
little shower BBQ nice little pool check
this out
that is sick like a million dead flies
than that what sure is this part of us
really is it a bed bedroom
Oh oh hell yes that is so nice oh my god
bro why would we not in here the entire
time
why would I not like it you joking I
love things like this like like you know
Madeleine would like rusty metal and
like the what's it called wood oh no I
kind of would so check it out no this
Sun Lounger big-ass table very nice with
a built-in cooker in it yeah that's
right nice little sink in a lot there's
a bedroom upstairs oh my god the
staircase is gorgeous oh my god holy
 I'm guessing you to claim this
bedroom that yep that's a given
wow this is something can you go out on
it these doors are the best Oh what yeah
yeah there's a that's not a sign said a
beat she straightens her friend yeah
well done I was at y'all you damn damn
this is to always being out of this yeah
it's a little container yeah wow this is
actually incredible well such a manly
man Jeff Joshua district oh this is
amazing
all this entire unit is made out of like
old like cargo ship containers if that
makes sense Freight so where'd ya check
it it this is so sick oh my gosh nuts
no that is so dope
I don't even know how much I've know how
much that is eight point five million
but I don't know so it's like all I am
fancy this is this is so Jeff right now
and check this out this is just next
door to where we are you've got this
entire like breakfast range you can get
food and they cook beer so you can get
it delivered from here to next door I am
in love with this place this is gorgeous
this view how are you doing Wow
Jeff this place is sick we were talking
about getting a home like out of
containers this whole thing is
containers there's an office space to
work out of his as well
what if this wasn't cool enough there's
a halfpipe over here look at this I want
to say that's a halfpipe but I'm
probably wrong but look at that right
how cool is that
oh I cannot do that no no no no no but
look they can just keep extending this
bar because he got loads of room and he
just added more containers and do it off
as they want this is brilliant
there's a net in this spot right now
which is amazing so because it's kind of
like a consistent for upload I think
overnight and I about sort of upload the
vlog with no problem boy what an amazing
spot but we were staying at that hotel
and it was nice and all that but if I
could reset the trip I'd be staying at
places like this which were I think
almost the same price if not cheaper to
stay here then it wasn't a hotel this is
just beautiful and like yo my room my
groom is sick I love this dope what was
fun I'm so happy right now this is this
is exactly what I wanted
I'm getting Jeff together to make sure
he gets the the elephants book because I
really want to go to the elephant's Eva
tomorrow because it's Friday today we've
got today tomorrow and Sunday and I'll
leave Monday so I need to come back and
spend more time here cuz there's so much
to do and so little time my new CD
covers your heart dropping June for your
fees yeah bet you didn't see that much
coming did you
oh no no no no are you all ready Emily I
already
well that doesn't that was a slow
response so I don't think it really that
ready alright one second just closing my
container I'm ready I'm taking a big
risk here in the hopes that oh my god
look at these ants they're so whoa wow
that's a oh oh they're going straight
towards our house that's a lot of mother
TRUCKING ants ants aside I'm taking a
risk of putting my hat on the side of
the bike and hoping that when we get to
the next destination it's still there
so private voice alright
stupidy room and that will be
descriptive poop yeah hello doggie very
nice to see you
goodbye doggie oh we going to the beach
first all right let's do it
this area seems to be on fire right now
but look at this place oh it's just I
dozens everywhere I know you guys can
probably not hear anything but you know
I'm just gonna try and talk in the hopes
that you can cuz you know I know that
you can't well it makes me feel good to
know that I tried you know check this
going on down off he's working in a rice
field I would have waved to him hello he
waved back
nice culture this doesn't seem like the
terrain you're supposed to take one of
these skewers of water thank you sir
this is just magical I'm gonna wave to
this guy he waved oh yeah he's gonna
leave his indicator on like he didn't
just turn right it likes to have it on
all the goddamn time and as someone
who's following him it makes it really
difficult to know where to go he's every
five seconds I think which I didn't
right
look at this place yeah you're nice Wow
this is a good spot holy crap hello oh
you just can't complain really Kenya
well maybe about the trash maybe you can
complain about that book or than that
homemade goalpost
well played peaches well different
rather than it being like Sundy it's
like great it's kind of strange my
name's Ian but the with that Oh
Oh G oh that's the spirit that's the
shot brother only took 12 seconds
congenial wait oh my god don't let go
Jack don't let go
me if I was her I'd let him go a long
time ago just as relieved whoa dude what
is me with me and filming random spots
and nature just showing itself I think
is a very camera friendly yet lizard
right there but just as Jets left
they've just started up playing a local
football game
para para paradise hello okay this is
not made preferably and a we she Jeff
with his indicator on yet again oh boy
thanks Jeff we just got these temples
and they're so gorgeous
I'm coming Jim Jeff's at me the wrong
way
I've got me dude wait he's actually
indicating to turn left the once nice
now that is one of the nicest
roundabouts I've ever seen in my life
not sure why does it dog you okay
I don't know where we're going but just
winging it could just try to get past
this matter you've got to get from A to
B with whatever you're carrying a skewer
can make it happen on the back of a
truck with a Peabody gonna watch me
every single crossing you go to is just
dangerous as hell how long you're gonna
leave that indicator on for me hey did
it where Hey what
oh my gosh my seed oil juice box okay so
good Jeff have some balls
who wouldn't it yeah look at this year
this is just great oh my god what is
that this is just crazy
now just gonna get co-op look at it it's
just madness
I mean I'm gonna add to the chaos dawn
Jeff go on
area
I never liked it some sort of City area
oh here Jeff I've been looking we just
been here so many bags oh my gosh
this is just nuts yeah I like it horse
nice little pit stop in Paradise damn
how much of an adventure is that oh
there's Jeff with his indicator on again
I think that's a number three we just
pulled it off the road that we're
driving on for like the next 40 minutes
and there's an entire family washing in
this war I don't know if it's like super
clean or something but there's an entire
family bathing in this just pulled over
for a second just to check out the
sunset hey we can't really see much but
yeah that makes a difference didn't it
like what look at me look at the sunset
nope
look at the sunset oh I'm gonna go ahead
and do Jeff a favor right now there we
go I was wondering what these guys are
doing well I don't even spot the case up
in the sky what a perfect place to do it
right but this sunset just keeps getting
better and better look at the look at
the light rays that are coming through
it it kind of looks fake I'm gonna live
the one thing I should have brought on
this trip apart from another credit card
is definitely some mosquito spray I had
16 after I left Greece and Portugal and
now I've probably got about 1600 we'll
just look at that hand look at it just
look at it only 13 37 in the world
oh ye all right here we go back into the
sea
we're tryna because the road is just
insane so forward give that poor man a
chest or an aggression would like
okay okay fine are you ok you ok ok you
ok are you ok though are you ok thank
you
are you okay are you okay are you okay
are you okay you okay you okay we're
good
don't worry about it my knees
it's okay it's okay
Jesus Christ nothing of the source to
the front of it is he okay his help you
just pulled out yeah he pulled out is he
ok though his health he's okay
you okay I mean you help your body yeah
just my elbow I'm okay mine is just good
okay okay it's okay all right nice one
thank you guys well he pulled straight
are there is that Mikey I'm not
gonna stay now is it still on no wait no
Mikey look oh yeah yeah I can still
start it yeah dude he pulled out he
pulled out at like three miles per hour
you just want like that turning as I was
coming down that road straight like I
had right away coming forward I'm okay
though
I like like emergency brake slow down
and might hit the side of it I've
smashed up the front of it but we're
okay we're okay as long as this can go
to where we need to go we'll be okay
thank you thank you thank you thank you
I think we're okay I think we're okay as
long as he's okay I'm okay dude I like
went straight in tomorrow we'll just
keep going to over going and then we'll
get there and then the thing is the keys
in it we're gonna have to get a pliers I
was just driving down this road and a
guy just pulled straight out of there
and I just like crush strains at the
side of him like he pulled out when he
should have done he was posed to wait
for me my ID right away going down this
road life day a good light from a hurry
and I just crushed straight into the
side of him he had two guys and a bird
box on his bike but I was like coming
down I was like right behind you and he
just pulled out there was nothing I
could do like he literally blow up the
entire intersection smashed up the front
of this
again we've made it to our destination I
think it's like a I think we're it
Lewbert Lewbert
Rin uber and the thing is I'm a bike I
can't actually like turn it off and I
can't turn it back on so unless I find a
set of pliers I'm pretty much screwed
this is just the damage on the bad boy
my baby I'm so sorry
thanks for coming back by the way I
appreciate that all right so the bars
are bent beyond belief like luckily it's
still running which is great but the
bars it well I say the bars are probably
bent off by like this much
what cracked up the front of it I'd say
I definitely did a good job of breaking
going into my emergency break came in
watch a hundred percent even though even
though this back at this back break is a
pretty terrible and never actually
crashed my bike into someone else I've
dropped to my bike by accident the foot
of my house but never crashed it I'm
sorry my scuba D whoop sorry baby I'm
sorry let's assess the damage so I
busted up my elbow when I like landed
off I like this
hit smash my ankle look clean was like a
pretty big slob - because I came
emergency stopped into him books he was
just on the side I mean I just went fine
straight into him I busted up my knee a
little bit like quite swollen but other
than that I'm good I don't think
anything's broken we continue so
unfortunately because I can't start my
bike we're literally having to leave it
there with the lights turned on and I
hope he doesn't get nicked whilst trying
to find a shop that may potentially have
a pair of pliers because all like all
the bike shops and repair shops are
closed so my bikes just sat there with
the lights on the battery's probably
gonna die but if we can find somewhere
that can give me a set of pliers long we
need one nose pliers and that could
potentially save the day so with
Google's image a pair of those long nose
pliers so they just drop to like random
businesses and be like hey do you have
these and so far the answer has been no
I still haven't even got into a bike
crash my first ever by crash about life
sausage
Oh Liam Bolling I'm just glad the people
were okay because it's like a young guy
driving with his dad on the back holding
a birdcage paste big probably like
probably why when he tried to pull out
he was going sloped he was a big heavy
birdcage Hey the first thing that Souza
questions like are you okay he was like
like you you okay he was like yeah I was
like good oh these are the guys we drove
past and walking around a little dragon
that is awesome
turns out we're just watching a huge
massive circle but hey at least my bike
still no that's great okay so this is
exactly what we need that guy in the
bead store had it all right the bodies
off him
this guy legend thank you thank you
thank you
oh my god he closes at 10:00 p.m. so I
think that'll give us enough time to
walk around go check out whatever we
want to check out come back borrow the
borrow the pliers off him to start up
again I tried to buy him off him and he
was like not for sale because like he's
a jewelry guys we need them but I was
like I'm not ready to pay this guy like
a hundred quid just for a pair of pliers
from a bike so as long as I don't lose
this I think I can get home I'm all for
sitting on the floor I'm just saying at
the right now this is they're stalking
me I love this but the whole state on
this war vibe is definitely my jam an
entire shop dedicated to every promise
right now we're looking for like a
market or no finally this is it so maybe
this direction this is what I need to
heal a wound maybe not the banana in it
but you know this is kinda what I need
you for REO and snick
ice cream so the market when we came to
see is down
I believe that Road and unfortunately
it's closed like the story about god
damn I favor it's closed so I think
we're gonna go back to the bikes ride
home get up early tomorrow come back
possibly do the elephants do the monkeys
and do the marking so we haven't one go
to cheese with ice cream Snickers an REO
what you get have to do a massive
shout-out to my by anomaly didn't know
he had his own place at a ie goodbye
package rituals rejuvenation package oh
my gosh I just want to go inside this
place it looks amazing
without these I wouldn't be able to get
home he sold them me thank you thank you
I will see you again in the future
oh my god you let me buy him often I
don't wrong I overpaid like help or mate
and needs to get home so I just paid
like no you wouldn't sell them it he
just wouldn't as I listened I give you a
hundred thousand of their money which is
like 25 quid it's expensive but I was
like I need these so there we go
guess who sold me some pliers is like
this I look like I'm stealing it we just
go home you got your keys to be able to
come walk in I don't know what my other
half is
only the but are you serious I need the
bottom half of that yours won't when
walked up know it what's the point the
point is took that's how you don't say
ah that's the point then we're gonna put
back though God can say yeah it won't
really it's like a yes
no you genius now I've got now I've got
a workout with a puller can't make the
shirt the other end of the key that I
had the entire time now we don't know
where that is
and because I've walked a bike oh yeah
walk it so I came back here got the key
out then locked it I know if we went but
now I don't where it is
I'm gonna I'm gonna have to go in that
shop I'm gonna go in that shop and see
what's there this journey has just been
nothing but disaster I swear to god
there's like a hole in my pocket that
just never disappeared I wish my credit
card then I get in a bike crash then I
can't get the other half out I get it
and then and now I can unlock it to put
my key no no a man when in times of
sadness and darkness copies fix
everything yeah you literally can't
write this I completely forgot when
we were walking along I was holding on
to Jeff's bag for like 10 minutes walk
along with this in my hand and I
accidentally slipped it into his
backpack without thinking about it and
Jeff just walks was with his backpack we
had like a flashback I was like Jeff
turn around he turned around this guy's
called these like mechanic friend to
come and help us the hostel sorry I've
got a star the engine of this thing
always respect the hustle boys
I'm gonna lock my bike for the night let
me just turn his tip off and then text
it I'm like a dentist okay sweet and now
my other hat to lock the bike and go in
Wow all in a day's work so the baby's
damaged unfortunately I don't see any
other damage on this thing apart from
this thing's cracked on the side which
needs replacement shouldn't be a big
deal like the white popped up but I
managed to pop up back in then they all
work absolutely fine indicators
everything worked this this is not me
this is just like it was like when I got
that but yeah the steering is a bit bent
so I don't know they just need to like
straighten it up like the Fox don't seem
damaged all the suspension doesn't seem
damaged but I'm gonna take it to them
tomorrow morning be like yo so this is
what went down and see what the
situation is
unfortunately my stupid II won't be hurt
but yeah we're trying to have like a fun
day of adventure tomorrow and I don't
really want to go getting on a bike that
I have to mess around with a set of
pliers and two keys basically so you
know ya bow on it so if I can go and
switch it I'm surprised we haven't got
like any stray dogs in here or bats
imagine if it was bat oh my gosh amazing
well there's my keys all three of them
good night Jeff good eye Emily what
today the injured soldier returns it's
only like 10 o'clock at night and that
long place we were out all day today
they're over in a pie and I want to go
to the pie but Jef and Emily are tired
so let's repair the right thing to do
the good thing to do is to sit in now
edit my vlog get it uploaded I'll be
fresh I'll be fresh for tomorrow we can
start our day we can go see the monkeys
we can go see the elephants and
everything will just be perfect what a
fun idea dude what a day like I told you
the life of Tom dude it's the most run
there's a dirty plus this took about
four it's just a summary of my day like
I'm damaged didn't need healing like
look at my knee I swear to god man it's
so swollen I have almost poop dogs get
checked online no I'm okay in comparison
of knees like I want to say this one's
very very swollen compared to that
they both took quite a beating but I
think I'm fine I'm fine I what the wife
of time like one minute everything could
be going okay and then the next minute
we could get crashed into and all that
and I view of that uh that GoPro for
it's like when I watched it what like
what you see the guy with the actual
birdcage he was sat on the back with the
birdcage like on his knee like that
when he was driving along so but no
wonder the driver didn't see me coming
at him because he was a birdcage in his
way so I was just like oh my god
as soon as he pulled out and I saw the
driver's face I locked eyes with him I
was like emergency brake shoes I locked
eyes with him and he saw me like when he
came out like behind the bird birdcage I
was like I was already breaking cuz I
didn't trust him I was like slowing down
but cuz I was slowing down he stopped he
just was like up and just looked at me
if you would have just moved a little
bit I would have been fine wisdom passed
him you live in a sketchy moment I hoped
I wouldn't skid it out or anything like
that boy oh my gosh first bike rush I've
ever been in like Irish sucks that that
happened but you know I knock on wood
that it doesn't happen again
and the main thing is everyone was okay
like I said seriously off the bike I
think it was about the bike I just said
to the guys are they okay because it was
an older guy a younger guy I was like
are you okay they seemed fine they
looked okay the locals checked on their
butts on me everything was good so could
we just have calm day can we just can we
just have a calm day just one day where
I don't lose something I don't break
something Jeff doesn't lose something if
he doesn't break something you know just
an every day but no day in the life of
John I guess it's just not a day in the
life of Tom if something random doesn't
happen but I'm gonna lay in this bed now
edit tomorrow's vlog trying get it
uploaded overnight pray this internet
works and then tomorrow go and return
the bike so guys I'm gonna love you I'm
gonna leave you thank you very much for
watching if you are new around there
makes you could that subscribe button if
you know somebody like to watch these
vlogs and these adventures share with
them I really appreciate and Twitter on
Facebook or whatever you guys share it
on honestly it means so much to me leave
that like her in subscribe
turn on all the notifications that
you'll never miss a video if I upload it
on time so now you know but honestly
you're all legends thanks for watching
thanks for putting up with this random
this which is my life and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish for the next
day of log so follow me on instagram at
syndicate for all the behind the scenes
and much love selling us and good bye
just stay safe out there people okay
much love
