look at the size of that thing I just
got off oh my god no 12 o'clock so
midnight
we've got two hours before my next
flight time to get organized make sure I
don't miss it and get comfy for a good
night's sleep on the plane
welcome to Dubai's Airport wait what are
some ambulance I was just about to say
oh I want to get in that thing and drive
to my next gate look I don't want to be
no violence I've spent the past ten of
15 minutes staring at this screen and I
do not see my destination anywhere
half-past twelve at midnight look I'll
visit this places
it's absolutely round I believe my
flight got delayed by two hours so
that's a extra bit of time added on to
my trip of flying and all that bought
it's been delayed by two hours if that's
the case I could even get some food I
have a bit of shop around this is look
at this they've got full kiosk service
inside a mall in Dubai
I mean Airport it feels like a mall but
it's a so goddamn Airport what the
actual hell I actually made it to my
gate I've got a text notification saying
your flights not gonna be boarding till
2 p.m. I walked by my gate me there was
only three more people getting on the
plane what this why is absolutely
grounded the lobby there where everyone
was like getting onto the plane was just
absolutely this is home for the next
nine hours
I can't believe us I've just done seven
and avert zu9 oh I hope you know what
this is also something I haven't done
before flying business
with Emirates which is already cut that
max rather than being like your
encapsulated space you've got someone
sat next to you or like that guy but
like a little divider but you get the
same size screen you get a this but
don't know don't know they broke it you
get an iPod to be able to control all
your entertainment and everything
usually lied down the chair to a bed and
then I'll get out you get a little blind
okay like I said I intend on sleeping on
this flight because potato Tommy's tired
but will myself I'm gonna go to the
bathroom and you better know I'm gonna
be put on my slippers I'm off for jobs I
think I'm pretty sure insane
you can't see anything
it's way to die
it turns out
that was scary I was going to track all
straight sleep or food Stransky so I had
to go get
I worked it really really worked watched
on film swept through i7 1/2 hours and
we're about to land it excited don't
know what it is
I really know
we go almost there
supers up faces sub face man smiley face
and a smiley face with the eyes looking
laughter but I really liked it I think
we're burning in our home
I've almost made it to my destination
team and it's gonna be tear p.m. in the
afternoon so I've got an entire day
ahead of me
an hour of which consists of traveling
to where I need to get to one
I hope I don't get lost we finally have
referred touchdown waste nine hours
later success awesome look at Apple
epic
it looks like oriental it was indeed a
very nice comfy sleep but I've made it
it's time to no trouble about an hour to
my next destination and we are done
that's the biggest I'm gonna sleep
welcome to Bali if you guessed it right
then I'm well done it's incredible like
what the heck that's amazing there's so
many bikes yeah this is ridiculous we're
just surrounded by bikes everywhere you
look just trying to squeeze in and crawl
look at him trying to fit through going
on pavements and shit I'll go on what I
can imagine there's a large amount of
accidents in this country something I've
just learned is that these things
hanging from the sides of the streets
like some
if someone's passed away so if someone
passes away in like the area they pop
these up everywhere and they stay on the
road for like a month in quite a few so
I know not each one means one dead
person but like I love my friend I love
our friend you sure got that round yes
thank you very much here we go all right
this is a room one I say room one
because me and Jeff as you guys know
Jeff Lombardo's the legend that went to
New Zealand with and I kept it surprise
because I'd mentioned it a few times
that I might be going out might be going
out but I was like oh I don't know if
I'm gonna like I finally commit to it or
anything like that but you know what
we're here we've done it I've flown all
the way to Iowa and I'm here for like
six days so Jeff managed to hook this
room up with this hotel gorgeous ass bet
I don't want to say I've got much of a
view bought no I don't know I don't but
on this side it's not it's not bad but
like TV you know nice shower
everything's looking fancy everything's
looking hella nice but it's time to rock
and roll
because we're going watching the sunset
where's Jeff give-give that's where the
Sun sets you kidding me
beautiful it was like watching people
just crash left right and center like no
one did but it this is absolutely
gorgeous good this is you was made oh my
gosh Wow I'm using
a cash machine the first-ever time in
ballet I said to Jeff I was like what's
a good amount to get hope anyway about
like 1.5 million what that's awesome
this is where we're staying your boy
Jeff hooked you up and it's like a two
minute walk to the beach and he's
already got a bike rented out here so
we're gonna go ride around in it and
hopefully pretty much the lawn
oh hell yeah this is like so my
aesthetic right near the ocean oh yeah
we've got a table in the Sun watching
the sunset near the beach with a pool
nice I actually think I've found
paradise because this is just nuts so
how much is one hundred thousand not
seven dollars can't leave I have a
million in my account right now that's
insane spunk I already said this was a
good decision I was actually worried
about food you say that right now so you
spend it like two months out here
previously and you've been here for a
week already
and then when do you leave whatever the
hell you want no life no vibes Jeff I'm
Bardo what a legend speeds incredible
even though it's got cilantro my nights
not over yet but this day is so after
now a total of 24 hours of traveling
I've made it to Bali to watch the sunset
how amazing is that Wow another one it's
going
till tomorrow yeah so is this like just
tourists central then are ya oh my
global company backs right here oh my
god I guarantee I get run over this
holiday I'm just saying it right now
there's even more bikes everyone just oh
my god everyone just came in for the
sunset is
day one has been a success so far by the
way to the person you said my ears look
like elf is wouldn't alive this shit off
alright yeah you were right how many how
many how many tickets have you had total
in a week and you just pay off the
police found culture Wow I I'm not sure
what this is I think it's a restaurant
or something but I want to go in there I
want to go in there okay so what do you
get from Valley a skewer this is Dave
and Dave's gonna lead me to a motorcycle
because that's what we're doing
we're renting a suite for the six days
I'm here and if there isn't enough
selection I don't know what there is
your boys a brand new owner of a bike
thanks guys see ya
nah I'm good a bike in the key let's go
yeah no now I'm mobile so I've got that
now for the next six days I have to go
and sit in my room now and hit the vlog
out like gonna take like an hour the
Internet is terrible
then we're gonna we're gonna wheel off
to a different hotel like the W where
the Internet's supposed to be really
fast
and we're trying to blow it there so
time to get my focus mode on
I don't want timer is my log the AC in
this room is god-tier
it's so humid in viola like seriously
it's just all the time like your clothes
just feel like they're sticking to your
book this well first of all shout to
this hotel because not only do they have
normal plugs they've got a universal
wall adapter built-in so I'm gonna be
sat here now for the next hour in Cooley
City editing this vlog yeah yeah in Bali
right now think it's like maybe 8:00
p.m. at night that could be wrong my
setup is it ready all I need is my mouse
and we are good to go very proud of
myself for getting this vlog in it's so
fast like seriously I smashed this vlog
out so goddamn fast it's currently 133
in the UK so I've got more than enough
time to go by 6:00 a.m. I mean 6 p.m. ed
so I was just about to film an ex-cop
and I realized I'm wearing the new
hoodie I just show you this this is the
new syndicate original hoodie that's
coming soon like if you guys want to go
check out syndicate regional see what
we've got now go ahead and take a look
this is not even released yet that this
is the sickest hoodie ever like I'm
gonna wear this all the time I don't
know about the white no I think maybe
just black like maybe chrome like ends
on the little ball yeah what do you
think love it vlog is edited it's
rendered ah just gotta upload it just
wish this like hotel would at least have
like one two maybe three maybe four you
know I take five upload
a laptop here to load it but instead
after go on an adventure to try and find
in today hey there's no way you're
pulling like a little shop like this and
they sell gas on the side of the street
god damn serious
that's incredible I thought you were
joking but it was like a slushy machine
to look like a petrol machine what this
guy gave me this for empty yeah cheers
guy to be fair I am paying like 350 a
day for it so I don't really care sir
yeah riding that thing's amazing I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go back to the UK
sell all my motorbikes and get you uh
skewers there's so much fun all right
Geoff's now taking on at random
adventure by the ocean Oh what's this
place called oh this is the W Wow look
at that straight onto the beach wow this
is like the mainstream hotel the W is it
like the biggest hotel hotel out here oh
my gosh yeah this is nice this is hella
nice Wow
oh the this is the exact vibe I want it
coming here Jeff you've delivered
already I've been a lesson like six
hours you've delivered my friend Oh
adit yep you did well done Jeff good job
but those beds oh nice oh this is what
we're we're on
is this a table okay wait what you call
this blood yeah yeah like cuz I knew
that purple tails and these Peas I think
it's like peas in Syria straight up that
would make me eat healthy but I feel
like I feel like bow is gonna change me
into a more of an alcoholic this is the
grind right now dealing the hotel's
Wi-Fi to get my vlog uploaded only an
hour and 28 seven minutes ago it's not
the fastest internet in the world port
it already says I've got an hour
remaining what there's and no no don't
crawl in my motherboard you bastards I'm
sorry uploading the vlog we're ordering
food Rachel in the hell out
yes yes yes here's to a good trip bro
here's to a good trip am I satisfied no
this is shit Weber we all got distracted
was like wait what by the sound we think
about just shit next to us no it's good
look if it hits you I can finally relax
for the night because dude it's done sat
here chilling out good food good vibes
vloggers finished that was a very very
nice food nice little chill session the
DJ stopped and I have to say is right
now I live in some communication talks
with a certain company in the UK right
now I'm really excited to see what
happens there so oh my god oh my god
what a nice little thing that was like
Jeff just showed me like the local
beaches to fault that I know it was like
night time and stuff poor I need to get
this GoPro charged the chest mount would
mix I completely didn't think about I
was going out on the bikes but I'm gonna
chest mount driving around cuz it's just
it's madness it's so much fun it's like
a it's like a video game
I don't you definitely take it serious
at all points but it's like a video game
there's so many people and skewers that
it's chase it's on another level and
thus concludes my official first thing
in Bali so guys I hope you enjoyed it if
you did make sure you leave a like
rating and subscribe I do have to say
tomorrow's vlog there's some pretty
drastic news that light drops within the
first like three seconds of the day I'm
not gonna spoil it now for it could ruin
the entire trip so I'm just gonna leave
you on that note but until then thank
you very much for watching honestly the
fact that so many people like tuning in
to watch this vlog and this adventure
and like the Dana life whatever it is
I'm doing you know whether it's like I'm
gonna play
or beach tomorrow is like struggling my
ass off trying to solve the problem like
I appreciate you guys taking your time
out your day to just follow me on this
adventure so honestly thank you I really
appreciate it
make sure you tune in tomorrow 6:00 p.m.
for the next daily vlog if it's on time
which I'm doing pretty good so far but
until then I'll see you later
much love nice and heroes oh don't
forget make sure to follow me on
instagram at syndicate
I'll see you guys there some secret
behind the scenes to the block peace
