i turn my head up to the sky focus one
thought at a time I do not like
like I
I know
that
you say sorry and
so is so real how y'all doing okay now
hopefully captain CV I'm so blurry
guys the camera focuses the host always
real the Big Dipper is here
I'm about to play go fullscreen and let
you enjoy it I'm so sorry
therefore it this is the most random way
I've ever done a video in my life but
nonetheless we were trying just I should
only have to just click this button okay
and then go fullscreen and reset and
then go like this and then go like this
and you guys should be able to enjoy so
are you ready queue to vlog in three two
one
welcome to another day in the life of
Tom where today we're in Lisbon goodbye
to your faces it's a new dawn it's a new
day it's eight o'clock in the morning
I'm trying to get my vlog edit because I
have to be out the door
bye got me downstairs at 9 a.m. to start
this day you guys don't know what's
going on I don't really know what's
going on but we're just going with it
because that's just kind of what we do
around here Brea rock'n'roll I'm in a
country right now called mm-hmm I was
gonna say could I'm in Portugal
I don't buzz called windows where it's
26 degrees 26 degrees outside and look
what I'm wearing all black yeah I'm now
basically got no clean clothes that are
white they're all done back so I am
gonna be puts 26 degrees 26 degrees
outside and look what I'm wearing all
black yeah I've now basically got no
clean clothes that are white they're all
dark so I am gonna be absolutely
sweltering on this adventure today
before I go anywhere stay hydrated how
does that my day 101 my dad always says
breakfast is the most important meal of
the day
you better know I'm having it that's
right all right sounds picks me up and
we're here in yet another beautiful car
but we're not here to see this beautiful
car we're here to see these 16,000 red
cars arriving at the I face destination
oh so this is what rich invite me to do
is to just come and take a look at those
bad boys we about to be rolling on the
squad goals if I've ever seen this is
the little lounge which I'll show you in
a minute that is rich the legend
he's the man this is the world's highest
zipline where is he Montenegro what not
funnel is a bit so that's terrifying
I didn't realize because it was so
cloudy how high it was let me show you
this
oh I've got a fine man this is indeed
Montenegro thousand feet finally oh and
I'm steaming absolutely I like how me
and garden both know rich through
literally just drinking possessions yeah
so after the drive today I believe we're
hitting the bar so tomorrow's vlog
definitely be like so that was the other
brief spin out of the way it's now time
to head to as a cars go jump in it I do
believe I'm not allowed to tell you guys
what the cars like or how it drives till
Monday so I'm gonna have to keep my
opinions to myself but I think I can
still showcase it being driven and all
that sauce no I just can't give you my
opinion so let's go join the voice we
gotta do is follow the signs to chef
Lata hello Jim sorry I feel I filmed you
by accident when we were actually in the
briefing book well yeah I'm alright mate
welcome to hope this is what this is why
I use a phone got the camera the mouth
but everything I own good stuff driving
is jimothy feeling a little bit pressure
dude I was so glad she went first I am
I've never driven electric vehicle oh
it's nervous as hell because it's brand
new it's nice Jim send it to the danger
zone
Oh
Oh any brown pants today
yeah a little bit oh that's weird that's
weird that's weird that that's like
whenever my role comes to sets up yeah
right so this car has got a regenerative
regenerative regina total regenerative
genital braking genital rate what do you
say regenitive regenerative also never I
can't get it right written regenerative
regenerating regenerate we're going from
regenerative braking I think that's it
wonder if we can gain miles right now
we've got 198 should we put it should we
put it into non sport mode you're gone
let's put into let's put into eco right
so now we've got it in a coma oh wait
we've already gained miles come out
there's a sound sitting inside this car
which can make it so it makes no engine
noise cuts off like all the AC or
everything goes quiet Oh Jim
Jim I've just cleared the navigation
this direction right apparently wait
seriously given is an iphone to ring
them with whoa
okay um wait let me see if this recent
destination this is gonna go so wrong
oh yeah and we're on the Jaguar ipace
trip is this who we should be speaking
with we've accidentally cleared the
sat-nav while trying to Kristin but we
can we can help you sorry
we lost
crudely but what okay because you want a
different group today for your Waypoint
option oh we could just follow this guy
wait we can see a couple so we're gonna
follow these now while you keep doing
what you're doing but I thought we're
following some more eye pieces so if we
follow these guys it's a good idea it is
yeah I literally had one job so these
guys in front of us are totally doing
the speed limit a hundred percent doing
the speed limit now we have to keep up
with those to not get lost
I'm so sorry Jeff I just saw this boat
and pressed it and I thought it was
likes much to his Volvo seems a flag no
look at this red clay or trying to get
power group you know even the right
you're not proton red so I managed to
solve the situation we're doing I think
I found the correct route to drive so
that's good
I was trying to find the button to meet
the engine sound louder or like really
quiet and I'm not going to burn anymore
I only just noticed there's a glass roof
yeah panoramic what dude for vlogging
that looks at me you know about it yeah
but why no not just because it's like
you know cuz usually that's all you see
is that a car but like that beautiful
Oh none this is the sound I'm trying to
get recorded today it's my client
everyone that's not the spaceship that's
like a spaceship not a coda okay so this
100% already feels like a go Kyle I'm
gonna try and it's weird being the
passenger because that random break-in
though it's good knit with your face and
electric cars weird it's so fast dude it
was like cheating
it doesn't it this feels like cheating
but the thing is I need to I need to
know whether or not I can drive this
like it's a race car how's this alone we
really just switched up stupid very I'm
gonna pull my job oh so we switch
because there's a jack of a guy saying
just so you know I've had it gets quite
gravelly in quite pot holy so I'm stuck
behind buddy Barry yes then by this
there is gravel oh there's a heads-up
display yeah yeah oh my god this cars
buta we're in the future all right this
is the gravel road eh this where we
start losing it losing some grip yeah
this is where we die this is not where
we die we survive I kind of like so
oh there's doggy dog will you mate are
you mad yeah you don't want to be there
me three adopt him I constantly should
you get in these guys are silent either
yeah you won't hear us coming a wild dog
you couldn't make this opera ball could
you oh oh here we go
we did make it to the rocks Jay we did
summon Jim's magical adventure oh my
gosh I tell you what slammed it Wow look
at this look at these roads that were
everywhere so doing trips like this you
often always
whole bunch of people may go and save
your mate you stood in the ready hell
what on earth is this vlog about helping
my daughter shame
dogs on the road this out we've got four
here we've got two behind us and I have
spotted a defender in the distance like
this go on that is steep Wow oh this is
amazing right
oh wow oh let's go boys
even I reckon a wide arc you wanna hear
I know you're fine deep
this is men oh hell yeah
ladies gentlemen Oh nailed it
I've got my uncle my shock didn't like
it we're all living in a red submarine
submarine once again at your vehicle
this is sick this is so say I could
definitely nail it's right I'm just
sayin oh now this this thing's got that
much power you can just send it I know
he said be careful sharp rock I'm
careful these two bad boys look we can
switch on the front camera took more
visibility up there it's the camera
button on the left second one okay yes
oh my gosh what the heck he said
constant speed of trying 12 total easily
like 70 to 80 yeah puncture speed of
foot to the floor
oh yeah Steve nice dude I hope you got
stabilization on this camera
oh it's trying to spin there we go guys
I mean the cameras aren't there just we
are like yeah I feel like I'm gonna tell
you backwards let me discipline him yep
this is steep this this is seriously I I
will say I believe in the car and I
trust it bought your defender could do
this oh yeah goddess is really safe oh
my god are you joking me go on mud go on
light go on that light go on go on you
Beast
go on oh my lord that's a hill that is a
home as we're going into low into a hole
the abyss that that was steep that was
interested but I definitely say this is
where we switch on that one I want that
one I'm never off-roading and defendable
football I could definitely say I'm
proud to be doing in this thing finally
I've got it in like like cruise control
now so it's oh my god I can't see the
look at the side Jim it's just going oh
yeah that is it Rob that's a drop
everything in my life is led me to this
moment this is why I bought defender and
I don't even use my defender for this
book you know why not oh my god okay
this is scary go on that kid oh this is
awesome
and you I've got no fee on digital I've
got it I've still got my foot on the
accelerator just to be like just meters
we still got GPS on a top of a mountain
are you kidding me the very commonly
used roads hello
okay probably got the best yar the day
we've all like kids on Christmas
I've got no foot on anything right now
you crave it feet up feet up hey that's
a tall one go on
oh the auntie roll things amazing honest
to god rather than you and backwards it
like catches your net now mountain
weight we're being told slow okay okay
first let me help this although there
every little point oh really this is
just a spare tire I I have to say this
right now I I didn't think it cook was
capable of that but now I just don't
doubt it I just had no idea that this
car could do this like I really didn't
like it looks like a bass book cause
it's not high enough I did not think it
would be able to do that sort of thing
but we nailed it don't know hey don't go
in so in my oh wait look don't go pick
it up Mira I lied because this steering
wheel all right to be fair how tall are
you
okay I'm eight Jim I'm five seven okay
oh right it's Jim's turn we're at the
halfway point so we're switching around
these guys are just coming up now look
where we are
what could this that's the racetrack
we're heading to now so we've got to go
off-roading all the way to it we went
from up really steep hills to note down
really steep hills hmm I will definitely
say I prefer going up the hills then
down the hill what's how about is kushti
is that what they put it there for to
show like wow look how sleek our car
so essentially was those like minority
jiggle
he's a this guy down in his checking the
ties in case you damaged him you're
definitely taking the fine if we did
right now this is a big event like big
experience yeah guys we do a great trip
right what does it stand for what it was
called that's what kept us alive I'm
sorry we we really would those nicely
I'm sorry oh my god they're gonna home
man they're gonna have six of the same
cars drive past him and not pick them
off that would been a really pretty blog
about gonna lie Jim Chapman isn't all
just looks ladies and gentlemen he's a
body sender nuanced and direct oh my
gosh this thing's got power we've made
it to the racetrack
wait were you about to go straight on to
the trial was an air of this well apart
from that nearly sketchy crash we
totally didn't just nearly have we were
driving along and it hit like marbly
rocks and my man and Jim's buttholes got
pretty pretty maxed yeah yeah yeah it
was very sketchy but I'm saying this
right now
I now have 10 times more confidence than
Jim as a driver because he salvaged oh
yeah you crushed it oh look at this look
at the squadron oh this squad
oh that's dope this is so doe open the
line to put the cars out here to a nice
little buff aprons yeah and
check this out I got a fully naked strip
version of the card I see really erase
it over there this oh my lord that looks
like a Bobby feel oh oh my god oh my god
wait what are we going in don't in
everything this is car heaven this is
literally guy heaven I know I basically
just had to complete a driving test to
prove that I was capable of driving that
car because he's so powerful and you
want to don't finish she's she's
finished she's gonna be super quick this
is my this is a is my bad fire vehicle
well sorry what's your name again
hell yes I'm ready for this yes alright
so this is a am I gonna be a
professional racecar driver for sure
this was fun to drive very very fast
well did you think so yes
wait is well good or not it's good
really it's good if I find out you're
lying to me yes first from the 9 times
world record rally women's driver now I
did well okay not amazing
I did I did well yes
we can steal it you feel the blue one
yes let's do it
holy Christ in the not svr f-type and
I'm like yeah let's do this this is a
hell of the electrical of the electric
engine for
six day
seventy eighty eighty-five to break oh
my god we cook up one night how not easy
oh my lord this is the SBI's my dream
car the f-type s VI is my dream dream
oh oh oh you okay
those would be where you went that
so nice listen this isn't this isn't
this we are for the electric are the
petrol both say that they're just really
is way too many cars right now in it
it's kind of mental no team boat alcohol
the defender wave it's serious what is
it oh no defender wave just like you let
on it any capacity ever as long as you
it was literally brand new look at the
state of it look at those wheels it did
just moved in it I did put it in park
but I swear to god it just moved this
country is just it's just too windy for
me like I cannot walk it's just always
comes in that way there's so many people
with these signs everywhere like I
couldn't even imagine how much as
possible I'm just in salaries alone Jim
Jim Jim was just walking be happy when
he's Ken your dad yes
ken is my dad that's why I got into the
valley well my mom's statement was your
dad took 30 seconds I took nine months
and yet you got a tattoo of his name but
I was like damn oh my gosh I think
they've got like a dope one of them
doughnuts that flick you off underneath
it but welcome to the next stage of the
day we're going on a boat Oh Oh just
never fight you're going in then like
really I didn't even know Jim was gonna
be here but a tweeted me this morning
was like it literally gave it away you
tweet at me like Oh going out in the I
face with the prosthetic it sounds like
Jim click check it down ended up check
it out door no so I think I've kept the
surprise hidden so far so I'm excited we
gonna fly in the Jaguar flag I beat Jim
to get it on the net in like I didn't
you could walk on this and you just lay
on it somebody didn't get me a towel
and a big moving life we're really go
Jay was at the team full of surprises
try a white wine look there could be a
really worst place to be in life right
now but you know what I'm gonna take
this let's bring you your fruit
yeah bruises I was expecting us to go on
a car trip and to be honest I had no
idea we're gonna be on a boat I think I
think we're on the wrong boat I think
this is the right boat
that's what I'm talking about right now
yes
should we go join them hi I'm aware it's
Whitney I'm sorry
oh please please get Cliffjumper by the
way yeah
CX in the chat I am definitely not
continues oh please please be a
Cliffjumper
please bit I say that in a good way I
mean like sea divers sheesh I went that
could've gone bad real quick when they
said you wanna come and drive cars it's
like yeah sure why not
didn't expect this is how it's gonna pan
out run a wine tasting thing by the way
so now we made it onto the rosey which
is by the way just called about right
now rich you were supposed to be here
with us but check it out whatever is
what it is you just get to miss out on
things like this that boat is about six
people from tipping over to the left
like how we happen to find the alcohol
booze cruise all over again
alright is there any potential oh hello
there oh yeah let the good times roll
it's on so I swam over that is
definitely Bob Ross it is like younger
self this is a youtube guide to being
Scottish good afternoon ladies and
gentlemen my name is Gordon smart
originally from Edinburgh currently of
perfect kano's so like see me bar Wow
captain give it a me well liebe liebe
liebe given if you want the hair to
Aberdeen you'd say Luna crazy no it
doesn't and a Glasgow you finished
everything my box hey wait what about
this you ready for my Scottish a little
cooler yeah puns cancel and your dials
Avon okay just thank my fans for
teaching me that my dad sells a bottom
I'm on puns Council yeah we might be
drinking in Scotland like I just found
out like this guy is how many bottles of
whiskey in his house 160 Tom of adopted
you you're gonna come
and I'm gonna be your surrogate father
dad yeah yeah we have to get my tattoo
on my leg made by golden come on come on
Scotland let's do it check this place
out
well I didn't realize this was a Jaguar
themed hotel as well advertisements
everywhere hey Gordon Gordon could have
a bit a large music over here can you
play I can't lost yeah go on
doomed do we really want to get kicked
out the hotel within 5 seconds to get
here
have you been given the look oh here you
go always about to go down oh hi music
can I can I be on the triangle like this
is but that's about as decent as I'm
gonna get you parked it Jack you're in
the hotel for an advert you bastards
okay yeah you literally got Jack your
electrifies in the wall can I join do we
do we all get one of these for coming on
the trip do we get a free car I've got
you on camera you can't take it back do
you ever think you kind of just say it's
been amazing kicking it on a trip with
you
love it love it psych
got it where's the slow places flow does
not too fast oh yeah
content I mean oh yeah oh yeah Jimmy
Vasser you look like a fish that got cut
you don't like a fish that got okay
I'm just gonna leave him just struggle
and let him see if you can find back
inside so tell that much slow goodbye
dumb welcome to Casa Mayer hotel and
check your eye base Google media drive
we are delighted that you have been able
to join as a Portugal hope you have I
mean you'd really drive down pace today
tomorrow you have the chance to
experience it the car driving through
the god of day to Vasco Valley Rivlin
nailed it accurate I place global media
drive Portugal tom cassell ladies and
gentlemen welcome to my room yes it
looks exactly like Tim's because they
were side by side but check this out
very nice bed
absolutely the aesthetic of it like
European sending holiday shower like
sink toilet corner nice little porch to
sit on with a god damn skinny thong of a
hammock oh I love it but let's check out
the street where are we up okay so I
actually still where we're not actually
not so sure where we're staying
I'll tell you something Portugal is so
it's kind of annoying right let me just
make sure I've tried recording this clip
like three times so if that's my shower
that means Jim shower is there thank you
that's all I wanted I've tried recording
that clip a bit like four times
this is sounding very much oh my
goodness oh my goodness a lot of tables
I mean Jake is values a number one
explorers values arrested beauty this is
the guy who designed this car is amazing
Manchester B this is throwing towards
the front to give it that sense of
movement in that sense of exaggeration
so rather than sister words the rear
towards the front and it's emphasize the
fact you think of this like pushing the
mass into this corner I cut a romantic
date night with the the champion racer
congratulations my dude
well don't let I'll tell you this look
at that everything whoa whoa
everything is hidden down to the detail
I'm Ashley says right now I'm already
pretty full of what I've just eaten so
far I used to be 19 okay sorry because I
don't be all day when I eat a small
amount you're tall I'm not okay so we've
had we find coral fish clams and
coriander and garlic obviously didn't
eat that but we got tiger prawn tuner on
the way then we go to one which is beans
and so on and then I just ignore this
list and then straight onto the sweet
things in life and then we finish with
some cheese
thanks I paste hashtag not sponsored but
thanks to the invite appreciated lobster
tuna steak and you even complain with
this you can't can you
this is good life this is literally good
life I'm used to
the best tuna I've ever had in life we
may or may not have lived through a life
or death experience today due to a
certain somebody it may not be to do it
with anything but dudes on a scale of
one to ten oh if it wasn't for 28
learning to just how to deal with the
experience to me you know they do he
reacted flat when he starts kidding you
turn into me honest to god if I'm gonna
filmed it you did exactly that and I
just can pray that we will be okay I
face is amazing saving lives one day to
time Oh what is it this is rich by the
way rich is a legend what is it is it's
Aquila we're just tiny contract Turin so
let's just find out where this night
goes to know is that it is that a dog
until you've run over like three of
those today that was kind of like oh hi
Dave
oh hi rich ready for a good night oh is
this where we're going oh and God for
that a blast where we're going rich this
rich this bet this place better be good
the sob saying it's my second favorite
place in the world
yeah the first place where that to sort
of nearly kicked off with people okay
whatever
honest to god the first
unz some guy tried to put me the
headlock and we were beating and we're
with to SAS I be guys and the guy walked
everybody and you mean these guys is
like yeah I need you just like you're
okay that's like yeah why you trying to
do that why whatever do I go do I always
I did not expect
simple reason so many people today
but everywhere is the experiment where
the Grand Cafe de gauche shout out to
the buns from Portugal the fund supports
dog but replace silicon in a house today
people has been insane
thanks the only reason I'm here right
now is
literally two seconds away from losing
my voice like I mean it is like that's
what you're gonna get but wow what an
amazing church building I'm gonna walk
it this way and try and look for some
food
because right now I'm about finding
nothing that is open at 4:00 a.m. you
know just to the hopes of walking down
the random Portuguese streets that I'm
not gonna get jumped but I found it Wow
my sushi oh yes close to this is Tom
attempting to get home I have gotten
actually incredible sense of direction
so I'm gonna try and work my way home
right now my voice is completely gone
and I like walked outside to goal five
food because literally I one mission was
to find food it was like the next bar it
was like what to do this is like totally
my aesthetic now the next day and I'm
already back at England I can just say
this right now guys I am so sorry for
the vlog being light I just simply by
the time I got a bed we traveled to the
airport got the airport and flew home
there was no time for me to upload the
vlog anywhere unfortunately so I am
really sorry for this being late but I
have to say
Marcy thank you too rich for my route to
hang with the guys I had a really good
time Jim it was amazing hanging out with
you God and I guess all Gardens are just
amazing because my Grandad's call garden
garden the scart was just incredible
like everyone was amazing everyone the
Jaguar team like he's odd when I hang
out with companies like
don't do I tried don't do like corporate
talk or business business I just like to
get to know the people and have fun and
have a good time and you know what the
fact that like Jagger environments
things like that is just amazing so I
had an amazing time I honestly can't
over the fact that it was like randomly
Greece and then it was like screw it got
a porch book because my saying is
life's too short make the most of it and
as you guys have seen I've been really
trying to make the most of it and I've
been having an absolute blast doing it I
do think however I'm not gonna be
drinking until like my 23rd birthday
which I know might seem like so far away
but I just I want to give myself a break
I wanna freshen up feel fair I feel
mentally like recharged and stuff like
that but that's probably complete like
because I might actually be flying out
in the morning I know I've only just go
back to England I might be flying her
flying out already but I've got to stop
this vlog now decide if I'm gonna buy a
ticket render the video upload it so if
you guys saw this video before midnight
I'm glad it was a daily vlog if not I
messed up thanks for watching leave a
like rating subscribe ding dong that
notification bell and hopefully you'll
see a new video tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
your faces but honestly truly just thank
you for all you love thank you for your
support without you guys I won't be in
like circumstances to be able to you
know do do opportunities like this so
just thank you for understanding that
Hawaii to just kinda like take the break
from gaming and just like travel and go
explore the world so yeah much love to
you all
let's just hope I get this video on time
know I'm one job a day I'm so buddy
sorry us I had one job I needed to get
the vlog uploaded but I did actually get
this stream started before midnight so
the vlog was actually live oh my gosh so
yes hello that is the end of the daily
vlog which was like 40 minutes long so
sorry that I didn't get it uploaded like
as a full normal video like I usually do
but I had it uploaded bought youtubers
processing
by the time I process it just won't have
been they available for people to watch
before midnight I wanna watch my street
well nonetheless I've got the video saw
it I got it done I got loaded for your
faces thank you all so much for tuning
in guys you're all incredible
I've got decide whether or not I want to
go off on an adventure like today Monday
I need to decide if I want to go off an
adventure because it's currently like 20
to 1 it's 20 to 1 and if I go if I take
the adventure that I want to go on the
adventure sets off at 3 p.m. and the
flight is 18/19 hours which is just
crazy also I'm just gonna do a shameless
plug right now this is the brand new
syndicate original hoodie that we've got
coming oh my god it's so sick it's like
fully cooked I would stand up but I'm
like naked but it's alright it's all
like probably customizing will be made I
love it I just got it I just put it on
for the first time today so honestly
guys thank you for everyone who tuned in
to watch the vlogs if you are new around
here make sure you click that subscribe
button
I don't do live streaming daily vlogs I
only have a live stream the vlog if it's
the only way for being for me to be able
to like get it up by midnight somewhere
that's so it's much quicker for me to do
this and then let it process than it is
for me to upload it and let you process
it so I think so you're all amazing guys
I do truly appreciate everybody like
stick to me whether it's a struggle a
struggle of getting the vlog oh boy it's
absolute loaded at 6 p.m. just truly
thank you so much it's quite fun as well
life in the vlog a lot of people don't
get it but to people who do I'm reading
the chat the entire way throughout so I
get to see you guys reaction live which
is just incredible rather than just you
know like posting the video and then
reading the comments premark or people
liked it I can actually gauge people's
true in for reactions throughout so yeah
no absolutely awesome guys I'm gonna go
now so thank you all for tuning in if
you are new around it make sure you
follow me on instagram at syndicate on
to at pro syndicate and I will see you
guys tomorrow for the next daily vlog
around 6 p.m. ish 6 p.m. ish where we're
gonna try and find out whether or not I
am buying this ticket and go into a
different country so much love to you
all I am sick as you can tell who
sneezed oh that was me I was sat in the
background that entire is livestream
that I was
like this watching it reading the jar so
and then I sneeze because my mic was on
so yeah guys
much love you're all incredible and I
catch you guys next time yes
