Oh welcome to Tom Safari where Tom may
have accidentally left these biscuits on
the side and this is a nice normal
wholesome biscuit
this is a biscuit that's been absolutely
hollowed out by ants and they're taking
it somewhere when did you came my room I
was supposed to be here for another two
days or something but a very very random
adventure
has popped up so or again I'll plaque
top I'm rendering the vlog got to get it
uploaded and then I could be leaving in
the next three hours so mm-hmm
let's see how this pans out what I'm
doing is I've got my laptop and the
world's longest iPhone cable reading
outside onto that chair
where then plug in my phone and personal
hotspot my phone to my laptop the signal
in this room is terrible but when I go
out there I've got super fast Wi-Fi so
I'm literally I think my phone in leave
you on this chair and upload my vlog
it's like having a little portable
satellite but it's my mobile phone my
remote satellite works ladies and
gentlemen I managed to get the food and
I just got confirmation that I am indeed
jumping gonna fly leaving Greece today
and going to quick shower get changed
backpack on close the suitcase leave the
hotel let's go and get some Sun and
spend some time with Alison cow and then
say goodbye to all the family that's the
one thing you want to hear on a holiday
in it a jackhammer yeah oh my god look
at the definition well that looks nice
and healthy so I'm gonna pass on that
and look for something else it's one
incredible looking meal right there some
chips run a bit of cheese bit of olive
oil oh it's some random meat and chicken
it just tastes really good though look
how many freckles I've got in heck I'm
surrounded by them but I miss you too
I'm really happy for you brother look at
yourself you're my bun now yes I would
say it's loads more responsibility but
does it change anything love you buddy
see you later think I'll have everything
we're packed ready to go they'e staying
behind there
donated to whoever wants to take them no
thank you
goodbye forever I am bag packed up I
need to rush to an ATM the hotel room
was a it's great can't complain
did the job I will maybe see you again
because this hotel was like a rather
cheap so we may return Oh Mike but but
where I'm going and what I'm doing me it
may make up for that well a very nice
hotel in so everyone kept has to be
where am I staying if that says Casa de
Linda that's the hotel that I didn't
book you I don't even look for it
Allison colleges that you're staying
here for the holiday and I was like okay
sure next up the airport how long do you
think it'll take you five I bet you can
do it quicker than not the woman at the
front desk was absolutely freaking out
she was like you will not have enough
time you will not have enough time in it
trust me I take into consideration what
she said book she was saying all the
drivers would take like an hour hour and
20 to get to the airport
that woman was like oh yeah it's gonna
take you an hour yeah you did that way
quicker way coming like 40 minutes
good job man thank you so much okay
thank you very much absolutely flew here
oh my god
it's empty Ivan let's do this and we're
going to asin's but that is not our
final destination
so Athens count to eight six o'clock I
am really sad civilian Alice and Carl
and everyone behind a bike I wish that I
wish they were coming with me I love
traveling with them but they're going
off on a little adventure all around
Greece for a week ooh we got that
business class pass pass and as you saw
in the ticket then we're going to Lisbon
I'm not gonna tell you guys why I'm just
gonna get there and just show you guys
why what was it because it should be a
full model trip I don't actually know
what I'm doing I just got an invite I
hold it like midnight yesterday he was
like yeah listen if you want to come
you've gotta come now and I was like
cool hmm through security just like two
and a half hours to kill could be so and
like the beach with Allison Cal for two
and a half hours but instead I'm stuck
in an airport yeah so got myself a drink
and you better know I'm playing
runescape cheese team looks like we're
about to board and everyone's doing that
thing where they all stand really close
to the door you know in the attempt that
someone may steal their seat or
something but um I got a chicken burger
which I thought was cooked but the
microwave did Oh
oh yes I don't think I should eat this
book for science purposes
I hate science okay so we rather like
circumstance then and some ladies walked
over to me and was like hello we're from
the airport we'd like to ask you a few
questions and like three of them
surrounded me and I thought my Airport
in the airport was looking at me like
what the heck is going on like as if I
was gonna get in trouble through
security or something like it actually
felt like I was about to get like a rest
it was something so she started asking
me questions and the question she was
asking for like you're at the airport
what do you think about the airport this
is this is this I was like okay these
questions the most pointless
the most pointless bus ride I've never
been out of the life I know you're wrong
I know it's for safety boy what no no
joke I literally just walked down that
ramp got in the boss drove all the way
around and got up there that seems
really inefficient I'll carry on that
story here we are and this is white
number one two of the day so let's get
this show on the road so that woman
would like surrounded me and I was like
what the hell is going on and I thought
happens once at each question she got
through the questions I was like wait a
minute if this just like the survey
and she was like do you have any
feedback I said yeah
next time you come over don't flush your
bunch that make it seem like I have to
do the survey because I got stuck doing
the survey without knowing it wasn't
like a not an optional survey nearly
miss my flying so I gave a feedback it
was like don't go up to someone again
and not tell them that it's not optional
so it's like you're very nice first boy
no don't do that
which looks like summon dressed up as a
road especially a chicken this is quite
toasty let's try and work out where the
hell am I going Lisbon 840 bo3 to be 1
about an hour now before I need to be on
my flight to Lisbon I think I have to go
through security again the answers yes
yes I do
so trying get some food before we do
anything Starbucks just met Alex he
watches my videos this is syndicate in
Greek this better not say something else
in our trouble thank you bump into
people for the most random places ever
and like Greek to 24 years old working
as a blog's stole like my minecraft in
zombie videos back in a day like what I
love it
we are literally like like the secret
underground syndicate from fico asked me
to do a review of this airport think of
it a 10 out of 10
absolutely gorgeous feel like that's all
I've been doing the past three days in
these vlogs just be like wow look at
this way look at that book like for Toms
is like platform you just be able to
share my life and like adventures with
you so I guess whatever I see I share it
with you even if you do just get the
same commentary again and again again
Wow
well I think this is my game you see if
I can go in this airport lounge because
I think I've got a business plastic in
that's winking
they're crucial aborting they're doing
nothing again we're doing that let's all
stand near the gate when we've not even
been called yet
none of my business
log went live on time next up Lisbon
well I was sad and then switch sawdusty
that was a good idea until I realizes a
child behind me amazing
this flight it's four hours in 20
minutes left
I need to sleep oh and it totally looks
like there's a volcano or a nuclear bomb
going off
and for dinner we have even more chicken
so we got chicken with like zucchini or
something
salad with potatoes orange what is that
I don't know but know what back to the
Twitter's well I fell asleep for about
an hour
successful flight but I woken up with a
massive and bye on my forehead look at
that bad boy what is that what what is
that about I was pretty cold that's
better now time for the next leg of the
adventure that guy in the suit is who I
was looking for I loved all the signs
that could be that is the sign nice to
meet his human pleasure he's picking me
up to take me to my next destination and
he was like don't worry I've got you
some food
and some beers so he got the memo brand
new check you old dude that is nice Oh
28:18 beast mode okay
petrol petrol and all that trick really
so it's a beast oh hell yes very nice
car
it's got screams that is something else
in it it's like a it's like a yacht it's
almost like a house look at this oh my
gosh this is comfy oh my lord
yep this is a thing a Portuguese beer
brilliant
oh thank you so much I got a little
sandwich it's for me oh you can tell
this is Brandon you can't yeah now we're
all ready let's rock and roll
dashboard exactly what I needed I was so
hungry thank you well they've hooked
this up in style I've got a two hour
drive and rather than just be like in a
taxi something like that they've they've
chauffeured me to the destination I'm in
this brand-new Land Rover look at this
I've set it into like full comfort mode
with them a must edge chair going up my
back so I'm nice and relaxed got a beer
I've got one or about a sandwich hey
listen this is this is heaven I did not
expect this in the slightest on this out
here right now
check your Land Rover thank you very
much for this it's a non sponsor thing
shout out to my boy rich it was like Tom
I'm about to take a private jet out of
like the UK to Portugal do you want to
come with me
I know how it's like I'd love to but I'm
in Greece so we organized all the flies
all the transportation everything so I'm
just gonna meet up with him check out
the car have some drinks and have an
awesome trip so you've got your TV over
here and then if you lift this up I was
like ooh what on earth is this and you
open it oh it's like a little vanity
mirror sorry about that I'm fingerprints
were mine I'll clean them off in a
second Oh check out this room oh oh why
why does a car of a remote it it and you
can choose which screen you want to
control this one all that one that's so
sick so goddamn classy and so fun see
okay I managed to fall asleep for like
an hour and a half or so more like that
but every time I'm away I see more
buttons to press and find more gadgets
it's great yeah you know it's like a lot
job thank you very much I appreciate it
you let you'd buy by I can't believe you
saying he's late he was seven minutes
late a very nice hotel Wow very nice
nice like beat the bright this is a real
I didn't really deal with him like a
hotel review of the previous one I was
staying at because it was just like a
bed and simple and that was all that
walls but I feel like thanks to just
showcase the shoe coat it's an alliance
on so you've got a big ass well big a
nice shower Wow
got a big ass wall like shower that's
like one of my showers at home got a
shower
Thrun - wait what the hell he's like a
seal Alif rich it's like a brand-new toy
log on box but I got the world's biggest
bed flippin heck that's huge and then I
don't know about you because I'm not
facing I don't think I'm facing the
ocean nice little balcony this is nice
this is not he's what a lovely hotel
Jaguar Land Rover thank you very much
for hooking this up especially rich the
man the myth the legend he truly made
this happen he he made wait what does
this one do it's closing time with the
zoo magnate world no rich from a like
Jackie O alum row I keep saying Jackie
lung robotics it's like the same company
Jaguar Land Rover jlr but we just any
message it was like like you know I'm
about to get on a private jet from
London to to Portugal you want to come
and I was like yeah I would totally say
yes I would if I was at home I would
have been free I would have been like
yeah let's go like I filmed the wedding
I was like listen man I'm actually
pretty close to Portugal as it is even
though it all it was a seven-hour
journey for me to get out it cuz you
know I had to fly from Rhodes to Athens
Athens you know to support to go and
then a two-hour drive so actually
totally was nine hours of journey which
was pretty crazy but I was just like yet
you have totally do it and didn't that's
why I'm here so you'll find out what I'm
doing tomorrow
in the vlog so I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna say what I'm doing just yet
because I don't actually fully quite
know but it's just a bit of a random
adventure when someone invites you and
some like this I'm just gonna be always
like yeah that sounds great
I'm gonna do it so until tomorrow guys
thank you very much for watching I hope
you're enjoying the videos because I'm
absolutely loving making them like this
channel is like growing more and more
every day more and more new people are
tuning in to seeing like what we get up
to the life of Tom is just a random
adventure I know without a doubt I can't
not thank the like the hardcore viewers
who tuned in every single day 6 p.m. ish
to find out like what I'm up to where
I'm going and all that but you know I've
said it time and time again
of just being able to like travel and
adventure and you know just save life to
shop with most of it I'm gonna go off
and say yes to doing this I'm gonna say
yes to go I'm doing that and he just
leads me to the most random places ever
if I wouldn't have said yes to like go
into the wedding who knows I might have
been doing something else and wouldn't
be able to come here like everything
kind of that happens for a reason so all
of it so if you run do around here and
you haven't subscribed click that
subscribe button I will see you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. for the next daily vlog
I think I'm gonna go to bed just now we
have to bed now then I'll edit the video
in the morning and then try and get it
uploaded in time because I'm just really
tired and I want to be rested for
tomorrow so much look guys I really
appreciate you then make sure you follow
me on Instagram because if you ever want
like sneak peeks and teasers as to where
I am or what I'm doing in the world
instagrams the best place to do it so
make sure you follow me at syndicate
I'll see y'all tomorrow hopefully 6 p.m.
we'll see if I managed to get this out
on time so much look sad yes
oh yeah bonus clip can I just show you
how many mosquito bites I've got you
ready 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
oh my gosh 13 look that's one there and
then on my head 14
oh wait more 15 look at the size that
one 15 mosquito bites grease is crazy
