ladies and gentlemen welcome to Greece
day 1 and somehow I'm actually awake I'm
not even tired seriously I'm about to
start editing my vlog and start my day
and nobody moves still there is a full
bodies of the voice mooned I've ever
seen in my life me let's get rockin and
rollin it's 6 a.m. right now
I've gotta get this vlog edited let's
see how long it takes me what do you
know about being organized an hour later
I've got the vlog edited I'm gonna try
and get uploaded as fast as possible and
we're set
look at this sunset I mean no that's not
a set that's definitely a rise Oh what
what the phone as soon as I walk up my
hotel there's a slide I can jump on
he'll mother truckin yeah so I've got
the vlog edited breakfast opens at 7:00
so might as well go yet 99% at times
when I stay at hotels
I'm never awake to actually go and get
the food so soon as that what most of it
definitely the only person awake in this
hotel right now everyone's probably just
blinded off the the fact that it's
all-inclusive and then there's me set up
editing a video at 6 o'clock in the
morning making my way to the Greek
restaurant oh I'm actually legitimately
the only person awake right now what
yeah I woke with this phone and I felt
that you look good oh oh maybe yeah
maybe I need to get my hotel room change
cuz that's pretty incredible how am I
the only person awake right now buffet
breakfast 7:00 till 10:30 yeah
and it's all included in my hotel this
run wristband gets me for free you got
your choice of cereals over here um no
oh wait
I'm not the only people here okay
awesome you've got like a million in 65
deserts you've got fresh fruit I'm not
quite sure this is random stuff no idea
what this is you got full English with
the wits
oh my lord this looks good
a lovely selection of hams that wait
what
so that's strawberry jam I always put my
mama open aiya
some cheese's some fruit watery fruit no
cake first I'm usually used to be in
yeah the bacon in grease looks very
American ly weird I'm just saying this
right now every single thing I've put in
the mouth is amazing but I'm not joking
it's a credible spoilt for choice
I even have wine on cast beer on tap so
they're on one spray fresh orange juice
I'll stay healthy I'm going from
adventure I guess that was a win I beat
the early morning traffic to get to the
restaurant and now I can just wander
around so I'm gonna walk to the beach
and see what we can find and I just
don't think I'll ever get over that for
you that is absolutely stunning
mmm got a swim up bar all over here
we've got I don't know if this is like a
like a slow is it like a like a I call
it like a lazy red the way you just
rotate I think it is an another pull off
in the distance oh look at that
whoa oh me they definitely make this
design from my office that's all I'm
saying another pool and another bar
freaky though this is nice that bad at
all
are you kidding me 60 quid a night bro
uncle company more often from a distance
this sound look beautiful but up close
oh it's one of those it's one of those
pebbly beaches look at it well not not
true pebbles that's pebbly beach ii but
i don't can't tell whether this is like
a sewage runoff or something like that
from the hotel but i thought it was like
smooth white sand turns out it's it's
not just smooth and at work chill out
mate it's not so smooth and it's got a
lot of rocks in it but that the true
test is oh my gosh
look how clear that water is are you
even joking me right now ah there's a
rent on place there yes okay come on
test test test time I'll warm you
oh you know what come come come come
come on come on more Milano
oh wow it's nice that what is nice oh my
gosh
I believe I've got this before those is
pre incredible also true story you know
I was said about like how men and it's
like terrible in the hotel I'm going to
sit in the lobby an upload it well the
4G on my phone is rapid
I've got like 50 down 50 up on the beach
so I'm a unfortunately have to come and
sit on the beach in my laptop every day
in the morning I don't belong great I
just walk over there's wristband I go
yeah take a Magnus
Maggie stirrer or just you get white or
red wine on tap or I've never done
all-inclusive before you know Java with
him will be throwing up spearing won't
breathe so I forgot this is how most
people do their holidays not a bad way
just dinner they sit by the pool all day
and do nothing I'm going stir-crazy
I found a snapback we have a lovely
selection of ham and cheese sandwiches
lettuce on bread not too sure not too
sure really not too sure and some
pastries hold the phone I found a bazaar
shop what's for sale in here obligatory
random keychains little bags jewelry I
think it's really a holiday unless you
buy paprika Pringles and these kind of
biscuits what kind of biscuits are they
but they usually called Prince
thank you like bein having fun there is
some people think putting on the suit
creams romantic wait wait Alice what if
there's no pizza why'd you want pizza so
bad oh this is this is very Greek this
is this is Greece in a nutshell right
now I've got that doesn't look good
that's not way because I'm going to be
trying a traditional if you can
pronounce this word I've give you 20
quid
ready stock up I can't abyss nailed it
but you ain't get into a quick nail it
after does that was you just had British
I'm not sure I sell hats I want to see
what the food's like I was a meat on a
stick
genuine question if someone can count
with policies friends okay sweet combo J
not bad it's not good what we're giving
what we're giving dinner out it's an
solid fuck oh hi nice right
they're not even kidding me we're sir
over there we like nineteen million
families and kids and look at this
sorry look at this though we could be
dropping it off this bridge day I'll
just give you 20 quid you bought the
bridge
we didn't do it properly I'm saying this
right now either today or tomorrow
I'm running this jet ski I thought our
hotel was dead okay bizzy's what oh this
is where we need to be look at this what
I want to be doing right now walking
towards the beach with my beer I'm just
sure now Wow
okay this at least what do you think of
that you like it is it warm
who is just pylos boats are we doing it
yeah good okay so oh just the Rutger we
may not be doing this today because
apparently today's I'd take it easy day
and tomorrow's our wedding day and then
the day after we may be doing this if I
can do that today then I probably will
do but we'll see this is just breaking
my phone right now but I just happened
to a bit to this guy and they were like
hey you want to come on a banana boat
with us and I was like yes yes I do so I
must shout to this team these guys where
we're staying at the hotel we walked
down I was talking to about renting that
bad boy and they were like oh why do
these guys know you and stuff showed in
my youtube channel before you know they
were like yeah go and jump on the banana
book for free so maybe over the next few
days these guys gonna hook it up we're
gonna do some cool shit
by the way I've literally only just met
these guys for 33 seconds walk up the
beach took a photo with them and now I'm
gonna burn out a boat ride with them my
man legend thank you very much look at
this pull the phone around total loser
very very I like how I'm over in
snorkeling you guys get ready to go yeah
I don't know how you guys ended in the
water by yourself that was awesome ever
in this area you want some cool people
to go to this water sports company on
the beach are absolute legends this this
sand is like walking on lava right now
so I'm literally running between shade
spots and okay my next target is over
there Wow
sand is actually so hot I'm burning my
feet this is like round two we're having
kids
sadly so what don't kyle is literally
the cute and she's trying to get to
sleep by singing at disney songs
I just had to get that through yesterday
right I just too much let me have a read
of it
here oh that is the best teamwork that
makes a dream work thank you very much
Gaddy oh please please please please oh
yeah I'm the last one standing
oh yeah waltz in the room eat the donut
at the wall it bounced back a little bit
kicked at that wall it bounced back and
landed there
God that is people are awesome moment
right there I passed out miss the mini
bus to go into the next destination and
I'm just gonna wing trying to get there
so welcome to the life of Tom constantly
missing things I will cook to a phone
call if I let's go ahead where are you I
was like just waking up and she was like
right well we're leaving without you
well just woke up just like we're
leaving without you I was like okay meet
ya jet like it's proper car would be
boy you look powerful I get one phone
call and the phone call is isn't to wake
you all it's to tell you we're moving
I'll show you my phone list by physical
call to saying how amazing is this are
you even serious are you joking me wow
this is st. this is absolutely
incredible
cameraman Tom can you please take a
photo it was please cuz we know you're
really good at taking photos you wait
you've only brought you brought me all
the way out here for the iPhone X say it
say it but don't mess up the same you
know exactly what to say right now you
should know what to say
no yeah you got it I know what yeah go
going yeah one two three
would you just look at that view would
you just look at that view that's a big
change
Wow I actually thought we went to a
seafood restaurant how have you got a
Parma ham pizza and apparently that's a
pork chop not sure about that one but
let me turn this into a poor job surgery
complete now it looks like a pork chop
though I know I said it was a keel on
the mint on the menu but I didn't expect
the plate to be this big here is my pork
chop dish they ordered and here is my
lobster platter it's your wedding
seriously
this is the groom the groom yes Papa
listen it's your last day before you
fucking married get the floss on at
least try it
wha Oh bye oh oh sorry touches it was
absolutely awesome
what an amazing spot was but yo we
ruined in the Mercedes goddamn me why
are we not in there right now seriously
this is what we should do even my
lobster was absolutely burned to the
point where the chef agreed it was that
burn it gave him me for free with it so
I was window Christos I hope we meet
again what left didn't he said he was
about to take me in his car and max out
is that because like this is like then
the top mark taxi the entire area when
he picked his up I was like dude this is
well nice he's like oh yeah it just 260
I was like it's amazing it was like I
won't take you in to 260 I was like but
welcome to tourism 101 daddy daddy cool
you may get video they have gaming
computers in this hotel I don't know how
I ended up with cows brothers little
sore but I'm now babysitting him a kid
concert Mario back then there was one
returning home with a bottle of water
and trying to sober the hell up an
entire their cocktails has just hit me
like a brick wall so ladies and
gentlemen I'm gonna bed all I want to do
is go to bed if any if I go to bed now
I'll at least get at least 1012 hours
sleep before tomorrow and that will just
make me feel like brand new so I'm gonna
do it thanks for watching guys
much love to your faces bye well that
didn't really end apartment I ended up
going to bed woke up at 6 o'clock and
I've been awake since 6 o'clock from
then so 6 hours sleep not bad but I'd
like a bit more rest cuz I'm really
really still exhausted I don't think for
the past like two three weeks I've
actually had a fully good night's sleep
where I just get like eight hours wake
up feel fresh ready to go and and tell
you something I need one of those days
of sleep relatively soon so need to end
this vlog a guys so thank you very much
for watching I hope you enjoyed it if
you did make sure to leave that like
rating if you've not subscribed to the
channel make sure you make a youtube
account click Subscribe
once it stay subscribed click little
ding dong notification bell next to it
and hopefully you should get every
notification of when I post a new video
and that we'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next day vlog so thanks
watching much love understanding us oh
and as per usual make sure you follow me
on instagram at syndicate and on twitter
at pro syndicate if you're not farming
on there you can't miss a note
