I'm going to Greece in like four hours
probably should pack that bag
she probably do a lot of things like you
know organize this room organize this
bed decorate it but and just gonna go
ahead and leave that for another day
thank you but a welcome to a brand new
dawn a brand new day where it is
actually like four o'clock tonight and I
am going to Greece in like four hours so
I'm going to just throw a few things in
this bag and then go to bed and I'll see
you guys when I wake up so uh transition
from tired Tom without a backpack to
morning Tom ready to start the day not
exactly the best night's sleep ever but
it's time to continue you want to get
this bag packed
all right back spike ready to go she's a
beauty look at that he didn't even
notice me he was wearing a syndicate
original shirt running late just cousin
final addition to my wardrobe is
literally wearing them for one day on a
beach so let's go oh I forgot by a
little bit well add wiedersehen oh my
god oh she is the typical frickin
tourist three-pound TK Maxx
oh okay when will I see you again
be ready wow I'm definitely proud to say
I hope I'm never see that factor driver
ever again doing 40 miles per hour on a
motorway yeah vanilla laughs hey there
bunch of cranked those two I'm I ain't
checking a bag no I'm just gonna walk
through it's hand luggage and I'm taking
on the plane I hope I'll listen Carol II
don't know how I do traveling in there
they're like going checking these Massie
fast bags fur and I'm like me I'm all
about traveling as light as possible so
I'm just whizzing straight through this
security my bag didn't get checked I'm
sorry I'm happy
Allison Cal they've even dropped off
their back chair and I'm through
security get me to the bar for
clarification they've brought me here
way too early it's currently 133 an hour
flight to Rhodes is not till three
o'clock I hate wasting time airports
like when you don't need to be here what
is the point in being in there rather be
sat at home streaming or something the
staff at Starbucks a goddamn telepathic
I walk straight over I was like could I
get you an iced vanilla latte I was like
yeah I'm a basic bitch for anyone who
cares I get questions asking me what
aftershave away Hugo Boss this bad boy
here little bottle two traveling that's
what I wear was it boss bottled night
mm-hmm
I've managed to get through security
with my bag not getting searched bought
might have to shave a charge of fact and
Allison Cal's still out through security
just saying hey I'm pretty good at this
what the times you called eggs what
typing what time to call things I'm
literally like just people watching
everyone like mums are stressing
everyone becomes an alcoholic dad's
alive yeah at the bar like kids are just
like running absolute right me
tourists everywhere
tourists alcoholic Brits in one pitch
control the minesweeping you could do oh
my god you could yeah you won't have to
pay for your own country's airport yeah
take your mind so you want to save
yourself some money and don't care what
you drinking just make your way to this
section of the bar this is how it's
literally like only two o'clock and
we're only at the batches God say one
sec Alex wants Alice want some attention
gray underneath this this is a proper
one hello
June 15 women Edition Hawks dropping
we look like we look like we're going on
a bonus tactic yes it's good Wow save
the charisma comm link in the
description available
15:52 1337 of him get him before I go
quick car roads gate 32 why is she doing
she's an absolute crackpot I've really
got to spend a week what four not four
days with you good yeah yeah so needs to
make a montage of every time you can't
flick that hat off that's that's our
goal this holiday to flick that hot off
as much as possible you signed up to the
wrong game a lie survey welcome to
British tourists not waiting their turn
for their seat and all just standing at
the gate at once I said these vlogs
every single one of these vlogs each
day's gonna be like three hours long
well not excited but it's our holiday
together she's gonna you can either
straight or Kezia every time she wears a
hat with the rest of the line if you
have PTSD its legroom me look at that
Alex oh this is a hard life I like how I
escaped I escaped
Alison cow and then the people next to
me switch seats so now I have these guys
before I was keep keep that leg out of
my aisle excuse me
we are delayed by half an hour but I got
pal addicted to a certain video game
I've got pal addicted to monkeys yeah
nice it's not far night we could be
playing for now I'll just some mobile an
hour later were actually finally leaving
so that's that's my second fight with
Thomas Carr the first one I had a
three-hour delay in Paris
baby filibustered and one of Cal's
family friends sat there and the person
next to her was thrown up everywhere
if I can take it off yet today was fun
whilst invested like we were leaving
Manchester not messing around here are
we
everything is coming together quite
nicely the very words that makes again
our control
keep her going for taking a skull like a
vampire
how's your day
that was so loud
it's police respect with God it's okay
you can go now everyone books in Africa
I was on a plane
hey at least no babies to being sick or
anything like that no just wait at least
don't baby to be made no no no no it's
not on top of logs
what what I saw the window
cloud the distance we are making our way
closer to Greece
is always mobile telephony box
a target for climbers and he is
absolutely loving it as we play this for
the past two hours Alice Heller very
like candy crush
he is a sneaky he's was the partnership
how are we
that really shows it
and then wise in our community
almost landed in wait for it wait for it
wait for it
Rhys they ever made it successfully an
hour and a half make everyone's dreaming
about she made it yes
it's definitely been raining oh yeah
proper proper proper British holiday
going getting on the bus full of all the
tourists wearing shorts
another day another adventure
despite the like two hour delay we go
ahead successful it now we're dollars
and count I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure last count cars doing a runner and
we've made it to the agarose Airport and
look at the size of that queue oh my god
this is about to take way too long
together Godspeed good luck
so I thought that security line was
gonna take forever rest in peace those
people still in the security line there
was one guy to the side you just went
yeah you look all right a little
look-see passed but went yeah I met
about 300 people through if you're
wondering why Greece there's an
immigrant issue now you know why it's
that single guy you worked at the desk
it just let everyone through without
checking yeah we could be on the way to
the hotel right now but no no no so we
have to check a bag charm has a two
weeks alerts it's your bag why'd you
check behind you professional traveler
who never checks it there I can fit at
least two three weeks worth of moving
into this I was in Calvi one of them
each why dear
going Stila make no one is gonna what no
one's gonna say anything
you won't on uniquor odds I'm eunuch the
old woman
rock-paper-scissors straight oh come on
uh welcome to welcome to Greece who's
that what does it say wait wait wait
garyun Karen wedding pie in Manchester
that's not for me don't say it don't say
Tom oh it does say Tom that's worth it
I'm coming with you what can you Brown
is anything what did you get you where
have you been why do you look so down
yeah that's great thanks stag do I look
high five you didn't leave behind me
this time Thanks all right we're going
I'm going
come come come come come it smells like
wet trees it's too humid this is
definitely grease and this is where
everyone but why have you all got such
big bags never heard of like a short
state that affects it
it's 2018 and you can't say that oh my
god Becky no all right so is does this
guy work at where we're staying
how do we know you know I know he's the
man but I don't know here he is it he's
picking up our bags I would touch a taxi
driver yes I give you good tip for
luggage as long as my bag gets there
I'll give you a tip okay can we have a
call please we have all that we have the
two legends in the back we have these
two tits we have this lovely lady up
front ETA
oh my god I'm now gonna randomly insert
a clip of my neighbor who just text me
saying Tom do you know anyone who owned
sheep on the road and my answer is no
and he was like sheep have escaped and
like I don't think me of me I'm pretty
sure that's a fake statue of sheep yeah
roll foot no not meant to be there but
we've made it to someone else he said
we're in the wrong place now Hotel don't
give up him no place no seriously the
wrong place it's just this is not even
our hotel and they gave us free
sandwiches oh oh oh no oh no how would
you do it wasn't a captain breeze up
windows okay Tom great job at filming
there ah ah grazie
Oh Lucy it made it to a hotel there's a
tree and Izard why aren't you whoa yo
this isn't wait can I weigh myself
straight away yeah how to be judged 101
by the way I've got a laptop I'm about
okay you have to pay for it now Gary you
don't me I'm so glad you've invited me
to your wedding with a hotel that's got
a super fast Wi-Fi I can't as if you
picked a spa no literally I have to sit
in a lobby to love my blogs every day
this is the downside of daily vlogging
there's no internet in the rooms I've
got me to bitch to you but there is no
internet in the room so every day after
I'm gonna have to sit here in the
morning if I miss your wedding Kevin are
you even shitting me there's a water
park in our hotel there's a water park
in our hotel Cal is that worrying
all-inclusive hotels so they've given us
a wrist button and throughout the entire
day you can just help yourself to drinks
and cocktails at this bar up until
midnight every day and then in here I'm
assuming this is like the kids at yeah
this is definitely the kids area air
hockey oh my god and is a motley crew we
got Alice in the team we got the
birthday boy nothing birthday but I
didn't get the groom and I can't wait to
party in this pool tomorrow look at that
it's got like it's it's what they're
supposed to be I think it's supposed to
be like a an octopus or something like
that
cuz it's got lots of tentacles and I
can't wait to run all over it and look
like a weirdo because it's for kids but
I'm still gonna play on it
also there's Germans at the hotel dust
is good eclis apron is about half cut
tofu salad
Alice welcome to Greece
there's so many chairs which makes me
think this hotel is you be so friggin
busy because there's summer holidays and
all the kids are off on this while the
parents gonna be here with their kids
because I inclusive that's why everyone
always goes on holidays we got the bar
down yeah kids threw in pool here all
these houses and all that sort of stuff
these guys are confused as to why I'm
filming and then I think I am staying in
one of these these are these as to which
one particular I'm not too sure see you
tomorrow good luck trying to find your
hotel I have nowhere no idea where mine
is high five definitely me going for a
high five not kiss but what look yeah
I'm lost
and there's one massive benefit of me
being lost right now
it's the fat bath on the Wi-Fi box so
this may be the place to go
vlog in the morning all the way to
Greece and doing the floss oh here we go
oh yeah
oh that step that's definitely applause
hey why is it who's this guy I believe
it yeah I thought it was a random German
guy she was a wedding or off to see the
Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
because because because The Wonderful
Wizard of Oz no it's now
oh wow that's a lot of houses oh my god
where am I is this mine sorry what you
can't wait to see what this shit room
looks like
well introducing oh oh boys Oh boys ah
yeah there's so much room for aerial
activities if I could fly if I could
fuck oh I actually felt that was this
second room over there but it's just dim
covered right why you love me what's
wrong with this people don't understand
that I I understand the volume just
needing a place to sleep and shower you
are the one who stuck up because all it
is a bed
they might view better than yours oh how
come visit oh I need a doctor
that's like punk correct she be fair I
do like a hard bed surface just not this
hot yes if I had wings it be great to
fly up there alright well guys if you
wanted to take the year sick but out
with you feel free
I should probably days log in because I
have to wake up at like 1:00 a.m. to
upload the vlog
my bed's well anyway I've got to read
today's lot guys if I gained business
how do you clean a room do not take up
ephesus
i have to end today's vlog you guys show
him thank you very much for watching
leave a like rating to maybe win a free
pair of scissors I'll see you all
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day vlog
and until that much love
