Oh two Pines oh my god you're genius
yes bro no my mouse is Dreyer's ghandi's
flipflop I could enact that whole
 thing question why do I look
like this and you're got an air core is
yondu net cause my nose has the same
Baba for our daily life we don't say
meanwhile I went to America not go but
should me I've got blima lips what is
that what is that what is that why have
you done this
she's not gonna show up now literally
you think she's done oh my god
oh my goodness me England what is going
on absolutely gorgeous out today and
we're going in the car sorry how dare I
respect this disrespect this vehicle
well go on in the tractor we're going in
the defender to the Trafford Centre as
you guys know I basically live there my
life all the time I have to admit I'm
very upset to be having to drive to
travel so now I'm being inside rather
than sat out here tanning but you know
what I'm going to Greece so it doesn't
matter and the reason why I'm going to
chop sin is because I need a wedding
attire no shirt and tie knots or stuff a
short sleeve shirt and some shorts and
some shoes cuz it's gonna be a wedding
on a beach I'm home
I hope you still work and rather rather
than being such some baby I'm going
inside the Trafford Centre this is okay
okay oh yeah I've been sleeping all day
have you been in it no but in summary
yad mrs. weather I don't well sir it's
so god damn nice why are we in the town
center right now I caught him right off
guard their dinner the guy who's ever be
an endo is just wet like and just
couldn't stop smiling I was like you
okay wait who's like watch all your
videos shout out some of my calm at
Nando's and the Trafford Centre hooked
me up with a drink whilst I was waiting
in line
oh look at that oh good decisions have
been made and Kyle's dressing me look
like a choir boy you don't know what
you're doing do you look like a choir
boy me you can't go to a wedding man
this introducing wait are you sure I
need to tuck this in oh why does he
might be over you know what I'm fine
look it looks summery looks surreal I
know I look great yeah shoes wait
it's such a nice day why are we inside
looks literally teasing us I can see not
a single cloud in this guy I'm like so
jealous right now but at the same time
you can't complain because literally
we're gonna be in Greece in two days so
what would your brother say if I tell
him to his wedding wearing them no no no
oh oh me and whose are those LeBrun's if
we met last night mate I look like I've
just gained 30 years on my life why is
that about I'm wearing these for one day
and that's it
you like that one 10 bucks oh look ten
bags oh my god I'll get it it's quite
nice but I don't like the font on it
look like an old Casio watch
you've got to pick any pair of trainers
now go different pet on this one I'm not
even giving you that selection you gotta
pick a trainer from this section I'm
thinking almost these well I had one job
no lace or actually I don't like the
dude no shoelace I'm taking that I think
if I get your brother one of these
typical cards no if I get one of these
typical cards it'll just be like typical
card what if I get in this no I'm not
getting the card then don't even get
anyone then it won't be surprising I'll
see if there's more of an appropriate
one mm-hmm back perfect because it
perfectly fits money in it now tell me
that's not good one no a toast exams to
pregame that's you
well get them this what about a good
lookout for a wedding
come on a good luck card good with lives
that's well good
what about pop bang boom Murray I know I
don't know how I don't know how I read
that wrong boss go make your own
doughnut Krispy Kreme thing what oh my
goodness me I can't believe you've given
into the tourist attraction at Trafford
Centre which is no what is it I think
they turn it into ice cream in front of
you oh wow
sorry chick look at it sorry turning to
ice cream ow so five this is how Wizards
make ice cream oh that's pretty cool
hey riddle yeah look at that yeah pretty
good
how much is it full pound yeah that's
worth it that make good content let's
see if it's worth its value
you know what no that's a rollercoaster
mister I rather like that I don't like
mr. white Magnum
do not mean look at my sister's knickers
in all right straight our West world
West world I'm one of them
I'm one of them in my house don't notice
I'll see you guys tomorrow at lunchtime
yeah y-yeah
okay sounds like a bun see you then I
love it I don't know why I came back
from LA being like what a I seriously
want to get rid of the Audi TT and get
like a supervisor boom boom boom wait a
minute pause happy hey dragon fly no I
don't think the dragon flies the size of
those flies well I came back from LA
being like oh I want like a little I
think flying animals sorry I'm getting
really distracted by these flying things
I'm actually almost tempted to say these
are flying are you a flying hunt excuse
me can I get closer to you real quick
what are you what are you
I think I'm gonna get rid of the TT I
like bringing up an old discussion about
you know the SVR cuz that's still like
an ongoing thing and I've got
information about that to tell you guys
and it's quite an interesting story
about save that for another day so it's
like decision time and what I'm gonna do
about like a car cuz I have to be with
sparkles and all is I want some it like
not a super expensive or anything just
like you know a nice fast like Zoom Zoom
car but then I get back in the defender
I'm like I just love it you can just
cruise in that thing just get about it's
it's classy it's not boisterous it's
just a very well-respected car I love it
I think this is the bet the best vehicle
decision I'll ever make in my entire
life and I've still got I'm still gonna
get this bumper on because it's the most
respected vehicle in the world
and yeah like two months later I'm still
driving around with no bumper and no
fixed wheel arch because we were waiting
for the part to come in and that's
arrived I believe and for this bad boy
I just need to get the edible parotid so
soon baby I know I know I know
hello
oh my gosh nothing's beautiful oh my
gosh Wow Oh
don't you just love this I'm seriously
gonna miss this spot man and when I say
miss it I mean like you know and say ten
years time you could build a house
houses there it's gonna suck because you
know be more noisier and stuff but
they'll never be able to take the sunset
way from me never ever ever ever ever
ever I found myself just sat here
watching ice Poseidon so if you're not
familiar with him basically what I do is
vlogging when I film every day of my
life okay and that's like what I do Dave
organ now I live some video games which
I absolutely love to do but one thing
like I've never ever like delved into
all thought about is live-streaming my
life now ice beside it it's the king of
live-streaming IRL content so like it'll
travel round it'll meet his fans
everywhere he's it like this guy's from
Germany and he's right now he's in an RV
drive around I can I show you this real
quick and this is the vehicle that is in
that's perfectly being live-streamed
since this thing's just like absolutely
amazing because I write I think I've
done like live streams you know I events
are like little like cooking streams or
when mountain about just like a quick
random stream because I just feel like
to de stream instruct my audience now
the downsides of doing a live stream is
if anything goes wrong is live on the
internet like instantly you know like
you can't take it off the internet once
it's there then obviously if you're in
or like a restaurant or something like
that someone can ring up the restaurant
and request things or troll the
restaurant or troll you so say some
weights come like put you in the face
you just roll punch me in the face and
that that's probably happen to ice the
most important thing is like swatting so
many times ice presiding has been in
sale at a building or restaurant or
something like that and the police will
just come in and surround him and it'll
notice that oh my god this is happening
I'm being spied it that really sucked
but it's a really interesting thing of
live streaming your life rather then
then vlogging it love the concept I love
the idea and everything and so does a
lot of people like he's got he's got
like 28,000 people right now watching
his life imagine if I did like daily
like live streaming of my life I I
couldn't do it like I just know it like
the the trolls and the negatives for me
and stuff like that would be it just it
would outweigh the positives like as
much doubt I've fallen and I could
definitely
and Lenny saw a situation I just don't
think it would be worth it
IIIi really wouldn't but I'd really tip
my hat to him and he's like his viewers
are like so dedicated like they come
from all like parts of the line like
I'll be walking on there just bump into
him he's like some guy just came up to
him was like yo hit some weed II needed
read anyway to go get high and everyone
just like rolled up tombs like his weed
and he's just cruising around going to
bars and drink and having a great time
so it's just absolutely mad that someone
can do like you know the vlogging
concept for a film in the life I guess
the literally is like Big Brother and
you know what as much as I say like I I
know I couldn't do this I would like to
do a day of it a day of daily live
streaming just to see what it'd be like
the only way thing that would be
stopping me like realistically is that
argument it see this is what I was
saying the downsides I don't know if you
can hear this but the downside to this
right now he's at this restaurant and
cuz he's live shipping it's someone
who's running the restaurant and the
owners now come on with the phone to
speak to him so like that's like the
downside of it bought I don't think I
could do this in England because the
signal like these guys walk around with
like backpacks that are made for
streaming like they've got cameras on
them and they've got like you know like
Wi-Fi like say this was like a wireless
hotspot will they carry like four of
those rounds from different providers I
could be wrong information here but it's
so if they go into a spot of bad signal
in one area so the stream quality
probably gets bad it will automatically
switch to feeding off the other live
streaming like dongle thing so if you
want me to do a live stream IRL make
sure you leave a like rating and maybe
we can give it a try but I can say this
right now it'll never be as entertaining
as Isis because the stuff that happens
in his it's just on another level like
if you never heard of him go search for
it you know take it out you want it you
may love it you may hate it but it's
nothing short of pure entertainment so
this is what I've been doing for the
past hour and a half editing my vlog I'm
watching this I'm gonna leave him with
this I'm gonna edit the vlog get it
rendered and then get my ass to sleep
because I am going to Greece tomorrow
which should be really awesome I still
don't know where about was in Greece I'm
sure someone said roads and it might be
roads but I'm not sure if it's roads so
I'm just I'm literally just gonna wait
so I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. for
the next day a vlog I'm gonna get this
uploaded and rent render
loaded now just so I you know I don't
miss it whilst I'm flying to Greece or
thing but yeah I'm gonna go to Greece
with Alice and Cal and a bunch of other
of their family members and stuff Cal's
brothers wedding so let's get this show
on the road I'll see you guys then if
you're not subscribe this channel click
Subscribe turn on an occasions by
pressing that little tiny Bell next to
it and more importantly if you wanna
leave a like rating guys I'd really
appreciate that
I'll see you on the Instagram at Seneca
on Twitter at pros indicate and tomorrow
for the next daily vlog so much love and
I said yes
