do you know how nice it is to not have
to be awake at 10 o'clock in the morning
right now edit in the vlog welcome your
faces to a brand new dawn and a brand
new day well actually you know what's
not a brand new doll it's never but the
days not over it's currently 3 o'clock I
just got my vlog from traveling back
from LA today done for yesterday it's
fought before yeah that worked this is
yet this is yesterday's vlog edited
today do you know what I miss most about
UK you know you don't miss most this
just be announced a look oh my with all
my god look at the size of that Chrome
holy crap they're back be enough to
chill out in the Sun down there in my
own property like don't I don't have to
go out I get to look out with all this
green all this grass and look at my
little neighbor sheeps they're so fat
and so fluffy look a little baby these
are all baby
I love it so that's rendering I'm gonna
wait for it to finish and then they can
go some day for a bit so don't get me a
ton and I like the fact that I couldn't
even say I'm gonna get myself a ton in
Los Angeles because it wasn't even sunny
it's warmer and sooner you're here in
the UK than it was in LA w.t.f Oh better
know your boy was MVP look at how fast
it's uploading oh my goodness me fifty
seconds to order vlog oh my god this bed
is so fucking cold fit oh hello
she wouldn't listen to anything I said
so I told to wish me happy birthday I
come down you would say that is me five
seconds ago and I will shut up
I will get unplug her oh hi Alice
yay happily ship by Felicia we got we
got Alice's you're addicted to gin
aren't you gin shit way to jail flavor
Jim but we've got we've got the barbecue
going don't know what we're having but a
bud
Oh bra broad it smells good it's uh you
know what that doesn't look good though
that looks that vegetables ways to me
that is not for me no I mean this light
is definitely I'm taking it just melted
cheese is this a knob Gary oh that's
nice God you need to just get yourself a
man like all right cooked and Queens
oh my god good yeah
I don't know it's only for me but I
think someone's gone wrong with the
sausages like radiation poisoning with
some shit no bro it's just like kailasam
over yeah be true and some of this
year's vegetarian sausage as the
vegetarian stroking again stroke it
again striked again stroke again paint
normal looking sausages well I can
definitely say ha no ha I've never seen
multi-coloured sausages like this is not
normal um you know what you know what do
you know what you're the best you're the
best you're the best
oh I love you and we're about to go to
Greece together like five days what
we're gonna do over there no we're not
and we're doing it to attract some
cutbacks
no no no it's a little deep oh my god
okay you weren't lying about its whether
that is that have you ever have you seen
James in the giant page make that is a
rhino cloud from the game bro we're
about we're about to get a dirt this is
kind of okay and then cannon nut okay
wait what thank you mister Rafa waffles
if you could please translate this mouse
code this would be great totally making
him a dog keep it go yeah keeper go away
Jesus
quick quick quick quick raindrops are
coming in 10 outta 10 13
hey 10 out of 10 that was a successful
drill that was from rain to dry you know
- hey you've not you've not held you
held a kind 15
sorry what is that the flock
why is it I can't believe you're going
home to do a 10 hour walk in the morning
okay what do I buy gating solely Oh
all granddad's brought some plants round
they believe for he's brought some mess
mmm brooms no ice yeah we're back we're
literally back doing this right now but
what buddy l AC unit chill your tits
this place is absolutely booming and
we're waiting for the reposes Jameson
man get ready for a shot are you ready
for a shot
Daniel Daniel come on you guys you've
been chosen you've been chosen
listen congratulations on your child
that you have like six months nine
months ago seven months ago
you can now be inspired by Alice's
alcoholism Cheers
hi kitty kitty good bitch I'm the og we
don't need to worry about cats around
here we got all the cats you know okay
but okay that was good okay bye
we have no cats Carly's sleepy right now
do you already need two coffees please
right one again
oh my god is this a good expert martini
oh yeah I'm enough ruff I get it
no no no no no hey I was actually really
shocked when you try to dilly dilly in
America arrows like why would you do
that that's for a cheap alcohol or is it
the UK's been picked up as like a
drinking things oh yeah I think a
trigger word a little bit yeah but like
but like but like but like but like I go
that is a terrible shape show some
Prussian fashion show some passion shake
you with passion no Levi this okay look
jeez calm down
okay my sister by the way from now on if
you ever if you ever see this woman
above all you're gonna call the broad
thanks for joining us tonight
oh my god Becky there's lighting there's
no aesthetic right now oh my god there's
aesthetic right now
Becky serious but like a view seamless
aesthetic Carl I'm not filming a video i
sir I was trying to take a photo but you
just kept doing this shuffle so I was
like you're gonna stop can we take a
photo now like please stop if you want
to follow Kalin Instagram couch
Instagram name
nobody needs wait dude a web dude
and this is why I spend the next week
with this guy's you know the sold and it
sold
I don't have veins sticking out of my
head oh don't just punch me in the dick
why
fobba-liscious
happy by apartment have you had a good
night he's you did actually say it look
oh okay okay okay
dive dive bomb huh okay okay that's too
hot okay okay bye
13:37
good
no-no-no exhausted all right well I'm
always getting fog in it that was
definitely a return home party that I
wasn't expecting
we went hard in the mother truckin paint
I was up til 5:30 in the morning we
started doing swimming laps under the
water for just ages and the guide I was
so exhausted but it was amazing we had
such a good night and we're gonna let
the good times roll because you heard it
right tomorrow well not not tomorrow for
you the next day I'm gonna be going off
to Greece for Carl's brother's wedding
and I'm really excited because one ring
good weather too was surrounded by good
people and three we're just gonna have a
lot of fun so guys if you are new around
it make sure you click Subscribe if you
do enjoy the video please make sure you
click that thumbs up button I really
appreciate it and I guess I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
daily vlog and if you want to just be
amazing you want to share this video on
Facebook all your friends or anything
like that can go ahead and do so because
the family that we have on this channel
is incredible and everyone is more than
welcome so I'm gonna end this vlog now
much love to you all follow me on
instagram at Seneca make sure you follow
Cal linkle be down below and I'll see
you guys tomorrow we're sort of letting
us
happy birthday happy birthday happy
birthday to
