Tavian ready for the next time los
angeles it has been a pleasure but I
must pack my bags and leave by pack my
bags I mean just put my laptop in that
back and we're ready to go it's home
time ladies and gentlemen it is
officially time for me to go home and
today we could be trying something new
you remember know what we do when we're
gonna be trying a day ret flight from LA
straight to Manchester but no messing
around with London the farther we go
anywhere I've got a new package sign up
Twitter on Twitter on TV for syndicate
free subscription bad boy if a package
should be my older anything Wow seems
like a crazy matter packing up but Tara
but she case wow this looks like the
sketchiest thing that's not gonna
explode in like three seconds however
I've got another iPhone X battery case
as in in case this one that I'm using on
my phone now doesn't work however this
one I'm using on my phone seems great
I've had no troubles with it whatsoever
always seems to charge we'll test it
when I'm in the UK so that it's going in
the bag women to Latrice and there you
go ladies and gentlemen we're ready to
go I shall be back soon is new laughs OH
me and Abby lingu it's currently of
Saturday in LA everyone's going out on
those scooter things today having fought
a wizard around together and meanwhile
I'm going to be sampling for the next 10
hours was the good thing though because
I usually would have to do the town a
flight to London then sit around for
like two hours waiting and then jump on
another flight to Manchester in
all-in-all adding the trip to London
section on it it takes about 14 hours to
get home however straight 10 hour flight
home jump in atactic straight to my
house
easy peasy that's that I've never done
this flight before all flowing with this
element so I don't know whether the
seats are gonna be like this like then
around close to each other or whether
it's gonna be comfy so we're just gonna
wing it the day I leave gorgeous story
alive because in England as well it's
been absolutely gorgeous everyone's been
texting me pictures of them right
sunbathing and I'm a little barbecues
and picnics and stuff I mean while I've
been in grey old cloudy Los Angeles
I'm starting to think I'm a bad weather
omen hey man if you want yourself a free
washing machine this is just this is
like this is literally what people just
do in LA if you don't want something you
just put it on the street the next day
it's gone
a sweat oh my god I'm so jealous so
jealous I'm so jealous if that guy pulls
up outside my apartment with that
scooter
you better know I'm going getting on it
I think that guy I just saw askew away
when I reworked at the app I think you
nicked it I just want to have a got one
last scoop before I go back to England
but I guess it's not gonna happen well
that's not gonna happen in here is me
having a sandwich
okay pretty upset about that being
closed
however oh my lord yes this is a win
right now so what I'll do is I'm gonna
use this to scoot to Starbucks get some
breakfast there and I get to play on
this for a bit
I'm so happy right now everything's
panning out to be perfect this day so
far I'm going like really slow right now
because I'm invited with one hand but oh
my god I I'll tell you something I just
love these things just drove from around
the corner
leave my scooter they're locked come
inside and get a coffee Oh judge
Starbucks is everywhere yeah okay it's
now time for the did I actually buy a
ticket that exists because I can't find
which terminal Thomas Cook flies how up
so I'm just gonna go into international
and try and find it okay I am in the
wrong terminal I have to walk to
Terminal five instead but wait I've been
told Terminal 5 is where I need to go so
I'm gonna just hope and pray that is the
truth the whole truth and nothing but
the truth
hmm I don't see anything that says
Thomas Cook on here
she lied to me it's terminal six I've
now got a walk oh gosh I should have
just read the bloody signs god dammit
I guess that's what gets on my laser
running out but I tried googling it
couldn't find an answer ask my uber
driver he didn't have a clue ask the
woman who officially worked at the
International Terminal she was confident
it was five the cheek the nerve man
because I'm actually on time and I've
got two hours to wait before I have to
fly so we should be good I'm just here
vlogging along and then all the sudden I
bump into this couch address and dress
it's months ago and join the Navy always
joined it so I hope it all goes well for
you and best a look that's crazy
he just pulled meets once I was like
syndicate I was like yo sup dude and
then realize the outfit and I was like
wait a minute
he's uniforms right I was like wait a
minute you started it but you about to
go and join and he's like yeah get all
my training due February just passed I'm
about to go off to Washington to like
carry on with the rest of his army
career mad okay now it's been delayed
mmm
five forty five minutes gate hour six
five eight that looks like my kind of
people over there Thomas Cook economy
class yes please check it acquired 64 a
seat 41 see there was no upgrades
available but this flight is super cheap
and it's a direct flight so I'm not
complaining I've never done it before
look good try but what that usually
means though is I won't really watch
much on a plane just simply because
there may be someone sat next to me and
eat like either side of me and then like
when I try vlogging like this they're
always like why the hell are you
vlogging Xing because we're literally
set like this close to each other so
you've been warmed some afar essentially
delayed by an hour now which means I
could have rode around LA or mosque you
just bumming around doing my own thing
when said now I'm stuck at the airport
for like
three hours gate 64 a is my destination
so guess I'm just gonna kick it on the
laptop a some runescape I'm glad I
checked if I went to 64 right I'd be
going to Mexico 65 okay hell no then
things terrify me I don't know why but
they're just terrify me mother trucker
starts walking me to my table I'm about
to dropkick it this is my gate
well I've grinded like the pasta I've
granted like the past two hours of
runescape so thing we're gonna sit at
this bar now grab a drink got some food
I went to go check if the flight was
boarding yet and I was like can you look
after me I said yeah before it's his
you're on top of it in case no one drugs
me that's so nice
literally oh I ordered it and then it
was like now boarding for Manchester and
I was like look at how the British
people just hold the game like listen
this is literally as British as it can
get
rather than sitting down and like seats
waiting for it
you just flood the gate so I'm gonna go
sit down eat my chicken wings
it's go time here we go all right so
jumping on a bus drives us to the I
don't actually see any planes at the
Thomas Cook written on it okay we're
just gonna jump one of us we only had to
take that bus to the opposite end of the
bloody ad we actually drove white 5
miles to get here we made it and that is
probably the world's smallest play
another ever been on going across the
Atlantic Ocean we go wait I'm sayin see
I know it's two people sat next to each
other that we're really close so again
this is the first ever direct flight
I've done from LA to Manchester and it's
so cramped like not not being like a
snob like who I want room I can just sit
there for 10 hours of not care just
listen to music play games I'm fine but
compared to flowery British Airways this
is like there's a there's a there's a
woman sat next to me so if I start
filming next she's gonna be like she's
like who am i sat next to right now so
I'll try and look but we should fit in
one it's gonna do really you'll see me
be like the route then talking all a lot
of like I do like I don't try and speak
loud to be obnoxious I speak loud just
so you can hear me rather than going
sofa didn't it we're gonna be having
this and I'm sure I'd rather just speak
clearly so you guys can hear me
everybody's Kim you really awkward with
this person so I'm gonna have to be like
I'm sorry in advance do it was later
finally GUI
I'm fitted and we're going for
chicken with potatoes carrots and peas
beans only crunchy milk Fred
obviously resident I'm willing to give
it a shot but I'm not so excited
is fine I've literally had my meal in
front of me we hit turbulence and it
jumped with off there without me
look sideways for one second
managed to sleep
hours
a bit Restless
we landed in Manchester and you want to
know something
the weather's better here than it was in
LA have you seen nice weather oh my
goodness me
absolutely gorgeous has it been like
this all weekend
oh really the weather oh thank God I was
saying if it's been like this all
weekend I'm gonna be sad oh sweet oh
look at this place it's so goddamn
summery right now I'm loving it is
apparently support there's a pigeon it
is actually supposed to be raining today
there's not a single cloud in sight but
it's supposed to absolutely choking down
late today so maybe having a barbeque
may not be having a barbecue I guess we
just have to find out book home sweet
home and booty your Steve alright it's
the house clean I was gonna say it
should be clean because like I think the
clean has been can't recall whether or
not Alice has been by part you know tits
off whilst up in a white book what's
gonna walk straight into play fortnight
on the lg tv seventy but okay it's not
yes this is my this is my 19th million
letter saying dear Thomas Cassell your
GPS requested that you arrange a phone
call cancel over the practice next
moment because your EpiPen needs to be
renewed if you guys don't know I'm
allergic to wasps and bees and I have
not carried an EpiPen I know it's just
really stupid but I'm not carried an
EpiPen with me since I was well never
they go out a day after like 12 months
so by the time I ended up needing it
using it was always out of date I always
forgot it yes it's better to have it
with you then not but you know what okay
so far knock on wood and the male stray
what I mean allergic I mean like if I
get stung by a wasp or a bee I'm pretty
much dead unless I get to doctors in
this ship like a tube down my throat
super quick so the more you know it was
bill left in my fridge okay we have we
have milk so that's great thanks I'm
assuming my dad left ah there thank you
very much
I don't know why there's dami ramen
out here on the sidewalk I think
actually eat some of this because I'm
hungry but it's it's like two o'clock in
the afternoon so there's no point a bowl
of cereal I had I had that chicken on
the plane but then I we didn't get like
a we had the chicken meal but then we
didn't really get like a breakfast thing
we got like a tiny little yogurt pot but
it wasn't it wasn't really anything so
we're I think we were absent got me
Robin immediately back on a terrible
diet no going out for LA for nice food
or anything like that this is my life
and you know what it was absolutely
delicious
it's good to be back assist of your home
but guys I've just hit the wall I've
literally just hit the wall oh my god
stop trying to edit this video I had to
do a graphics card update on my computer
and this and this had to uninstall the
editing programmer to reinstall all
sorts of chicks I just couldn't get the
edit done but it's done now I'm like
able to like get it rendered and loaded
but the the tiredness wall has just hit
me straight in the face so I think I'm
gonna go to bed for an hour everyone I
said that last time and I ended up
missing my flight to Mexico well I don't
have anything to mr. day over than a
barbecue with Allison cowboy if
everything goes good I'll go get an
hours sleep I wake up and I'm having a
barbecue with Allison cow I'm so so
tired like I've been up all bloody night
all day that's sleep on the plane I was
awake every 20 minutes and something I
didn't show on the video by the way is I
couldn't recline the chair I know it
sounds super runnin but like you can't
recline the chair like I didn't even
notice until halfway through the flight
because I was in Economy and I was like
looking at people's chairs and I was
like there's no one leaning back here
I'm gonna lean back and I went to click
the button I realized there wasn't one
so what do I think of the Thomas Cook
flight just like in a review if you are
flying say you know you got to fly in
the daytime you know you know you know
not trying to sleep on it you just get
on there you've got your own
entertainment like an iPod you take your
own food and drinks with you
like literally snacks with you and stuff
like that to survive with you'll be
absolutely fine it's just a
transportation system might go and
catching the boss but for comfort levels
British Airways Virgin definitely the
way forward yeah it can be a little bit
more expensive actually not too much
more expensive but you know you've got
you get your drinks included for you you
get a better meal you get a seat that
you can recline the movies on the plane
as well something you guys didn't see is
you have to pay five pounds for every
movie you watch
on the on the thomascook fight waiting
like British Airways you get all the new
films like a massive massive selection
of new films and you get them all
included in your flight so for the price
difference the convenience of going
straight to Manchester worth it a
hundred percent straight from LA to
Manchester however we had a three-hour
delay so I might as well just taking the
British Airways flight instead it's like
seriously the convenience is great the
comfort is definitely not worth it
that's pretty much just that but how
could you it's a pet guys okay because
the track I could feel myself fall apart
a oh I'll go recommend it for chameleons
yes for comfort hell no then you know
like a little enjoyment of flying hell
no but if you just need to get from A to
B as cheaply as possible and as quickly
as possible it does the job so thanks
for watching if you're new around it
make sure you click that subscribe
button leave a like crane ding dong that
notification Bell follow me on Instagram
oh my god so many calls to actions I
just need to get an outro don't I need
to get a little like animated out choice
I'm like that I see guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next day of like until then
much love and I said yes
