oh well it's a new dawn it's a new day
ya know as soon as I start filming
starts drilling what are you doing no
exactly I expected to wake up but that's
a we're now gonna get this boomer
take it home edit my vlog which was
supposed to go for 10 a.m.
I've decided to get a coffee and I'm
like I have to walk home oh my god
no I don't yeah straight up from the
coffee shop to my apartment in like two
seconds
this isn't a thing in the UK I may
invest in it I may invest in it and make
it a thing but wow that cus that cost me
like 20 cents just to secure it home
worth it they're incredible something
yesterday didn't think I would be but I
am inside put it on side the other side
I accidentally just put it down in our
freaked out what is the science behind
this solid turning into a gas on the
bottom that's causing it to sign this is
now a science Jenna get this back in
it's so cold yeah come to Jordans oh so
just like chill out tended to do in
science experiments we put you in the
midst there but it's freezing and they'd
say my ice cream what flavor is this
chocolates you're welcome to have that
yes I'm starving
wait what's this one hey can I have this
one yeah yes this is the one package
I'll never get in my life it's like it's
like so close so far do you know what
the one thing I hate about everyone with
these I would hold mine with clubs it
gets because I you can't
ah Harriet I don't know every single
person who's done an unboxing of it just
like touches it and then they're showing
it in the photos and she's got
fingerprints Oh
I should say syndicate on it but it
doesn't I'm sorry she feels bad bro
feels bad we're going out for food so
he's taking a shot something put his
pants up just nothing nothing just
looking at the view just looking at the
view got your pants on
good nothing it's fine it's fine I did
not put that there okay I was done what
no I was not stealing your $10 subscribe
good why would I do that that was my
only chance I was gonna take it to the
restaurant like hopefully you wouldn't
see it the entire way of transporting it
there and then I was just gonna like put
it on the table when we got that it's a
good job that we're not going in this
because I just wouldn't have been able
to I won't even be able to fit it in the
boot I wouldn't be able to fit in the
truck okay so the plan was I was gonna
carry it to here and then like ask you a
question about the car and then put it
in the in the foot dwelling without you
noticing obviously didn't work so
Mercedes turn those wheels Jordan very
spicy wheels very spicy wheels that's
that's basically what you swap this for
what your little hairdryer get it back
please just to me so I can make fun of
it actually shake
Imlay hungry right now like with what we
walked if we only just sat down after
two seconds and we've already ordered a
full meal I've gone he's gonna stake
I've gone steak and lobster tails do
it's for you yeah most of it is for me
but I'm sure of Thrones all right now
what wouldn't Paul just draw Buster's I
was chatting about G Wagen is like
oh I think they kind of like discussed
it and then their true story hey we'll
chatting about G wagons the next
minute Logan Paul drives past in his G
wagons didn't like waver anything on
that was just like as welcome Paul you
interesting hey man I'm a massive fan I
knew is characterises license plate over
them the fact is the biggest biggest
goddamn thing I know right it's just
following me everywhere hair of the dog
with food you don't know what a hair of
the dog means hair the dog is like when
you're hungover you drink again I don't
know what the actual like imagery of
that is the hair of the dog like you've
been looking at I don't know
basically it's drinking to get over a
hangover okay have the dog more dry ice
oh my god no oh my lord the meal is
great what you giving out at 10:00 I'm
giving it nine straight always pretty
solid seven we need to do our own
version of you like worth it you know
that where they do like $1 vs. yeah we
should do a date we should do a day of
that la has some really good cheap food
as well though so yeah you're wrong you
order now I was like I'm gonna not order
mac and cheese even though I usually do
because we're trying to cut it and then
you're like all right I'll get mac and
cheese then you also ordered everything
else I bet you
ruin my car I'm literally so happy right
now I'm so happy right now
I'm saying this I feel good we're gonna
go and watch solo but Jordan was like so
we switch cars I'm like yeah so we're
gonna get the Ferrari I like how that's
a I still can't comprehend that that is
actually an option in life you know like
which which car would you like to go in
the died the the grow fast fast one
place so we're gonna get the Ferrari it
was it was nice to see you Mercedes you
were good fun but it's now time for the
the toy Jared stroking Ferrari get those
carbon fiber wing mirrors you get oh my
god that bug looks gorgeous a piece of
cloth still to it
get it no it's not you know come on come
in little hole specimen polished it I
thought I was gonna drive then sorry oh
my god carbon fiber trim on there all
that farther up this is this is fake
isn't that this isn't it actually this
is carbon fiber this oh wow
no they really I thought you just got
this done wow this is actually this is
fake news um actually been in the
Ferrari
you mean this river it's gorgeous
but we can drop the truck draw the Trop
what did you say we can drown the double
top yeah that's the difference it'd be
the same exact experience if yeah yeah
what if I'm a big spider
very nice
he was like oh yeah I can't connect my
phone to play music because it's not
working at the moment the side of the
edges isn't too bad oh my god like
listen okay constellation oh yeah this
is the stock cable that's an adapter and
another table coming out of the adapter
it just doesn't it doesn't work anymore
rip wait this doesn't bluetooth yeah
sweet I wouldn't fire on cab and 5a sat
on cab at 500 give it up give it a
rabbit hole
Oh God that is beautiful this is this is
how I want to spend my last day in LA
this is how I want to spend my last date
I like cruising through the city like
dropping a Ferrari I'm not completed
eight more Jim fizz bombs smudge of his
books there you go every River Road
that's magical if that is so sound of a
new magical rated me it is pretty good
oh my god I have to go home and listen
to my tractor of a defender I love my
defend although it species but God when
I hang out with him I just fall in love
with cows all over again be like I'm
like then TMZ tolls and I'm just like
looking at all the houses night why are
we right now Beverly Hills flats this is
the Fox this is the flats of Beverly
Hills where how much reckon that house
is with I think all of these are
probably they start and around if you
got a lot around 7 million why men for
if you got it normally constructed house
yeah flippin heck while gossipy bill
I like such a tourist right now but I'm
just okay with it can we fit under it I
think you could I seriously think I can
fit under there the GT could go under
them a free pocket but I've soldered
that blue is magical but it was it Matt
krohmer chrome satin chrome Wow
dude did you get the badge not darkened
out all of the horses make gallop look
at that which is that's actual carbon so
that is oh sorry that's what that's so
that's real it's real and that's not oh
he's gone around absolutely everything
yeah Wow yeah dude Wow good did even to
prep the huh Wow calling it now I'm
gonna give this film three out of ten
I'm saying three out of ten for this Wow
I'm going in with a negative mind where
you've taken me to I know but you have
to go and see it right I just don't
think that character fits the role in
the slightest he's about to crush his
Star Wars yeah this is stammers oh this
is Star Wars that'll be amazing
this is 100% real I don't know you
talking about I am on the Millennium
Falcon right now there's no way she's
that tall she's tiny at least a scale
he's finally someone's smaller than you
Oh
roasted I didn't quite catch your name
but to the fun who just ran over him
when I love you guys videos keep ini you
can go for yourself mustard right saying
it not a three-hour tears like
I thought the main story was like yeah
put the plot twists for great I mean
don't give away don't know exactly yeah
I'm not gonna say what it was solid all
right I'm gonna give it a 6 point 9 I
know it seems a little bit low six no no
no in this light just cuz I don't think
it deserves a seven but the plots were
politicians are pretty good so six five
million action right yeah no that's true
well it's it for night that's what I'm
doing it I'll see you in like thank you
very much look at yourself I love you
it's been awesome hanging out with him
I'll stop in there like like usual I'm
in town and we see each other like maybe
once so to hang out like a bunch of tans
has been it's been wicked but in an uber
home probably just call it for the night
I probably could go out with like
everyone if I like Rawdon together to go
out for a night out or something but
I've got flight tomorrow I don't know if
I want to be like wake up hungover get
on edit the vlog just switch off for
that I've got let's see where the night
takes me it seems like it's taking me to
a Breitling store imagine that oh the
clothes dummy current situation eight
kills seven remaining undressed as a no
man v cut damn it got killed by a
lollipop lady this the time has come I
need to end this vlog so guys thank you
very much for watching I hope you
enjoyed it I'm so sorry about
yesterday's vlog being late you saw the
time - to get back to my palm and it was
like 11 o'clock in the afternoon so it
was just like super delayed super late
and I hate it when that happens but I'm
gonna be going back to the UK in
tomorrow's vlog we're gonna be
travelling home when I'm home I'm back
for like one day and then we're going
off on a week adventure to Greece for
cow alice's cow korells brother's
wedding so that should be really really
awesome i don't know what to expect
without for quite a while hopefully I
can find some like jet skis and Jun
boogies or quad bikes or something like
that I just got a bit of an adventure I
don't know which island I'm going to but
what you see how things go if we can
rent a boat for a day then we'll rent a
goddamn Popo thank you very much for
watching if you are new around it make
sure you click that subscribe button and
if you have click the subscribe button
click little bell next to it turn on
your notifications every time I post a
new video you'll get a notification of
it and that's based
the way you need to do everything
nowadays and YouTube they keep it
introducing more and more steps of how
to see the videos that you want to see
but it is where it is
leave a like crane leave a comment I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the
next day vlog until then
much love thanks for watching I said yes
