we have noooooo if you know what this
songs from we're friends would say to
Wednesday 20 it's a new day the week I'm
gonna be in the office most of the day
today I don't actually have any plans
apart from I need to book my flight home
because still haven't done that and that
each day you leave it the more expensive
it gets so we're gonna head to the
office maybe some people go get some
food
start the day time to get me some dinner
this place is gonna be absolutely rammed
could get like a nice healthy sandwich
but I gotta admit every time I come here
I absolutely love this sushi you know
what else were taken a Mexican coca-cola
you can't make it up I was stood in the
line and I saw this guy from behind I
was like that guy looks just like Asian
I was like you know I might take a photo
of it and send it AJ just so he knows
like exact him style exact to him
everything long behold
good a good health it's a good happiness
I tell you something man the world works
in mysterious ways I was supposed to get
my uber and come straight to the office
and like that was a plan meet if we Luke
have a meeting and then go get food but
I was like nah I haven't had any
breakfast I am seriously hungry I'm
going straight to urban radish and if I
wouldn't have done that I won't have
bumped into AJ like what dude how the
world is such a weird place I love it
what I'm gonna love even more is nuts
pouring this coffee so okay thank you do
you know I just realized I've
volunteered made myself your office
bitch bringing you a coffee every day
I wouldn't say voluntarily whoa who
wants to make your good friend and
business partner happy so you like
bringing in coffee for me there you go
and this is also a daily shout-out to I
can't remember your name but someone
keeps leaving comments saying oh my God
thank it's like a woman I got I've got
my daily fix of Luke
hey I'll leave with your details are
passing on to leave me mad you guys
forgot a date just like that boys I've
got my flight to get me home by Luke on
the way out I have taken so many flights
from like Manchester to London London to
LAX but there's now a new flight that
takes you straight from LAX to
Manchester directly
so rather than my flight being a 14
total hour round trip it's not only
10:00 I was in 10 minutes I ain't flying
business class it's just a straight
standard flight for 10 hours boy if it
gets me to the place quicker and cheaper
I'm taking it Ellis this is super under
I just want to wish you a very happy
birthday I bumped into this legend he
let me know so I thought I just made
this video to say happy birt'day I'm
sorry I'm not there in person and I
don't have your cake but I think I might
scribble something on a better paper for
you so much love happy birthday and all
the best day 58 I'd be walking into the
office and looking at these two
gentlemen here he's watching a gameplay
video I don't know what he's doing so we
got some firings to make happen no still
no pain no actually I will look at the
lino me look at the fucking line and
wish you okay that's pretty good I gave
you that we're working on my own sir
shoes okay you can get props for that
you're allowed to delay for the shoes
thank you appreciate it
love you goodbye they're the number one
way to describe feminine glasses possum
ear they've got the cod tart ice that's
Todd sighs pine yeah they look great on
me yeah sure yeah okay I was just
questioning what the heck is rattling in
this bag it's that creepy ass monkey
we're just gonna leave him here I'm just
gonna leave him there
mmm what's this where are we
we're rolling up on guy ridiculous pace
corridor digital if three wasn't enough
you have an entire wall of boosted
boards this this is why I come here
because I get to see the behind the
scenes and they're working on a brand
new pop G video which when it's out I
will make sure to link it because these
guys are incredible behind the scenes
wait are we trying to show off mines
mines all built in what sorry no should
we go now one side let me just put this
in my pocket just get the shot there you
go there you go there you go get on my
level wait wait did you film this
they're all individual pistols yeah most
of them are broken at this point just
cuz they get flung around oh no totally
I literally swallowed my choice oh it's
not every day you get to whoa chill your
tits but every day you have to get to
consumers office and they have a
collection of guns like we've known
these guys for yeah you not afraid is
right yeah like all the time looks like
I'm just go around play with their
skateboards play with their guns but I
never been inside this wall before this
is this is honestly quite possibly the
coolest office I've ever been to in my
life
until a new one opens and then wait
Griffin and then waking up wall comes
right yeah tons of guns all the guns
this might be the coolest office I've
ever been to
I'm saying this right now I don't know
why I'm walking away with a silenced
pistol but this minecraft see
no he said he said the M word that that
one game that's what I used to play all
the time
and every time you say that M word you
got any pushers 1000m no and oh yeah M
word fact of Jesus the story goes that
this scimitar here was one of the
original props from the Conan the
Barbarian whoa whoa whoa that looks oh
that's like made of metal
oh that's a sip oh dude that is amazing
whoa okay yeah okay that says you a mini
good yeah oh is this like the prop
making studio or something welcome to
the prop room I see cast four days bows
and arrows all the nerf good you could
ever imagine what an absolute master of
ammo and they're all there oh man what
the heck we shot the coolest office
ain't going to be pets super-powerful
nerf gun it'll break glass wait that's
actually a fire yeah it's really stop
playing at me I feel like I need to be
like Lane oh you know I sit there if you
could get stuff from above and you know
you surrounded me in guns you know like
they were sticking out like that you
don't say you got a bunch over there
yeah I've got the hang of it yes I do
not gonna crash into a pile of guns come
come come come come come come
what an awesome set people we've known
them for years we always seem at event
their office is right this arts district
is oh my god it's amazing
Wow not sure what's going on down there
but 10 out of 10 well I'll rate 5 stars
and give a tip there we go where's couch
me no but your boy Sam I'm over you
right now do you know who I care about
Georgie
so it turns out he basically lives right
around the corner from free BD you have
to sell it to me I mean this this isn't
another day in the life of Sam like this
is not what's happening right now but
this is his fall
you were not messing around when you
said you having a better construct well
you do it was going on here I did not
expect my day to pan out like this I'm
just saying that right now dude oh you
got you got your kitchen down there are
you putting your bed over there yeah
something you've got this to do whatever
you want with art see yeah look at him
Georgie height of 800 you can point out
the big guns again okay I get it
Sinha bit to u-turn u-turn do me do I
need another iPhone X I can't believe
that when we went to get on that
helicopter we were nearly over wait your
camera your camera nearly stopped is
Ramone too easy I've stressed you out
when I met him he was like yeah yeah
we're shooting this thing for tiesto
just like EDC but now now he's filming a
day in the life of Jaws yeah yeah you
stole my contacts icon sets all your
video and we thought it was good but not
great we thought we could do a better
job
so then I brought Georgie on so I'm
sorry but you're fired
texting Skrillex I think I found exactly
what I'm doing from a next day in the
life a day in the life of a samurai
people see this camera like whoa man why
you got that people don't say that about
an iPhone there's other people haven't
say look there's people having anxiety
attacks about your camera Oh Georgie was
like oh we want to get a shot inside the
coffee shop but we don't want to go in
and ask and I was like I'll do it lo and
behold or in the coffee shop and we got
the shot did he be on the team got the
shot
you're a fabulous muddled salad drinking
your coffee wait a minute is that a wrap
is it a wrap is it a wrap
whoa sorry oh shit dude just walk onto
that set just pretend this is his day
welcome to these what it's me
I want to say this that is a car
commercial but the same time and he
might be music video sponsored by
challenger live in the moment savor the
moment that's awesome and Here I am
oh they're waiting for me I'm coming
don't worry chill out the repeat these
new offices is in the arts district and
this place is like seriously
up-and-coming like anywhere in a light
is super expensive for the arts district
he's like getting there
so it's unlike the upper covers if you
buy a place here a year's time two years
time ten you're gonna be making so much
money on a property and because we're
just about to buy a new space I'm trying
to say whether or not I should buy a
place out here in LA and then I have my
own spot I own it I'm not wasting money
on rent I'm gonna make money and then
I've got the office right around the
corner and loads of cool people that I
know you live around here as well so
imagine moving in to somewhere I like
one of these that'll be amazing but I
want to make sure I've got place in the
Sun and you go shine those mean words at
me okay dude am i moving to that one I
was walking down this hallway like I
swear this place is hard I like it here
is Thomas Joy's what jaws you know what
he did he left me on his YouTube channel
so I'm just gonna go and subscribe to my
real quick get myself an extra subscribe
subscribe to who
in life wait what no where's life of
derrieres look at this just get myself a
new subscriber thanks Josh appreciate
that just gonna load this up we look a
lot also massive shallots my boy Sam for
this thumbnail it just was me looking up
in the air but we changed it and epic
now this has literally turned into a day
in the life of jaws take two which it's
not God
he's basically filming a mini
documentary so this is like the
behind-the-scenes behind-the-scenes bro
Sam was just like jump on there do the
vocals so
this is Sam's room like in a Skrillex
estudio so I was like holy shit this is
such a dope shootie because take a floor
out it's all a bunch of Cougars look at
all that he's so good though awesome and
then I believe each different room is
like a different ass or something and
then stems in here doing his little
behind the scenes video love you Sam but
it's time to go I'm gonna go meet with
AJ food and some drinks just enjoy the
night a pleasure it's like the golden
hour in Los Angeles right now he's
beautiful
Wow look at it wait I just got TechSmith
seen goober arrived on scene over
arriving for nobody
oh wait there is sorry I like how the
wording I wrote was uber arrived nailed
it for Tom thanks man Ches just like my
dream place to live I love this area you
know all the factories I think it's
beautiful
I'd love to live around here I'm really
yeah I'm really a finding this air it is
gorgeous
maybe I've just found my future
apartment Wow
they're almost yeah yeah I know right
this is the bay
dude they're like white waters dot like
white Walker dogs wow you're a beautiful
idea wow this is such a small world like
that guy used to work with mode step and
knew me from hanging out with mode step
but then like that that dog he's got
ready that Skrillex's dog and like a
Skrillex everyone lives around here and
like jaws lives around here and like
we've got a new office opening up hey
man we've got a new office set of run it
have no idea that is but we got a new
office sitting around here so like I
actually might move around here and then
I'd be closer to you gonna start look at
houses oh my god this place is awesome
I just said the words of I feel like I'm
about to start the next chapter in my
life with the whole vandalize traveling
the new office for 3bd
I might get spot hey I just met the guy
who designed and builds everyone's
houses
life just finds away fly finds away and
life is weird
Oh Alex you're supposed to be joining oh
that's a nice volume hooded where are
you if if Alex was not just the most
amazing person to bump into right now I
looked across the bar I was like no
fucking way
Georgie I like how George's did it has
someone trump all over it so I literally
can't steal any of your dinner right now
then she would taste like burning metal
to me to help to happiness into letting
the good times roll dude I'm exhausted I
definitely know I'm gonna bring him to
this buy again Georgie you've been
asking legend I'm gonna let you go get
out of here I love you I'll leave you I
feel like this is gonna become my local
spot because we've been sat on Zillow
all night and Godzilla was like right
move in the UK where it's like you can
just jump online and see what house is
available in the area and I've seen a
pretty for you cool spots are we gonna
try and see them tomorrow we're gonna go
look around a few spots tomorrow
stupidly expensive bought this air is
going up in price like crazy so if we
can like move in around here have a cool
spot I live right next to the office
like I mean like round the corner in the
office this could be a win under
financial win oh Jesus look at the hello
well it has a beautiful restaurant I
could be eating there drinking their pie
in there and living like a building like
this I'm gonna be shopping for houses
tomorrow and I could be making the next
chapter of my life happened I like I saw
dude I absolutely love like this
industrial like factory style building
that's nice we get to here we've got
little bear
there's a bar here in the corner which
is cool as hell which used to be an old
fire station but then there's a National
Biscuit Company which is a pretty huge
fifth floor is for sale probably not
even if f floor just the fifth window is
for sale and my office is like over
there
AJ's office is over there and it's like
this this place is open coming as hell I
have been in this area for five years
and I've seen it gone from nothing to
something and now is this something
staged to the point where if you buy
this up there and say even it sold for
one pound now you could buy that for a
hundred pounds in five years time so if
I could I could potentially be turning
this floor up here to my American
the thing is though in England I could
buy the entire building for the price I
could just buy that one American home
but you gotta be in it to win it this is
America this potentially this is it oh
god damn if AJ managed to organize their
visit in tomorrow we may be coming back
to check this spot out now literally
there's my hand there's that like look
how closer again look how big that light
is like holy shit good decisions were
made two of these entities one of these
one of these I got a cheese mate so
pretty boy
literally looks like shit thrown in
there guys yours looks like shit and now
mine's pink use it exactly yours this
big okay okay tastes like lemon a book
strong huh right was it rolling I was
not lying you taste that kids okay this
is this is a shrimp OVA I gave a ten out
of ten bucks in the day too
did I pick a good spot did I pick
it's just chicken that you just put in
your mouth I can't be right now is it
good is it good
wait he's uptight oh good is that good
I'll attend nine do we just don't weigh
Justin said it did if you can't see me a
Goodwood Festival of Speed leave as I
grab Tom leave a comment saying do it
say AJ uhm I was gonna say what was
tension
my candy Gaza did Amanda Mandy kitty
Mandy good common sense
get him Andy and maybe there's every
comment that's left
he'll come come however many times leave
a comment that somebody got no problem
that doesn't sound right
that's what she said
anyway and then there was Warren see the
next time I see him I hope we're
drifting in cash oh no wait wait
hopefully the next time I see him we're
going around a building checking out my
potential new home
I did actually bump into a Angela while
suzay
and the next question I got asked was
how about going to Mexico City tomorrow
sound
how about probability Oh eighties ready
okay lives to shot me most excellent
come come no come come
no yes why are you being a responsible
let me press it
alright good make sure we I hit my back
oh shit he's that one wait this is one
way no Luke check out and see it about
three hours yeah yeah sniff it look at
it oh he's good he's private driver open
his door friend oh my god Kim
right okay do I even go to sleep right
now or do I stay awake and fly to Mexico
it's my decision I think I'm going to
Mexico and you know what I'm gonna end
this one right here because I'm gonna
let you find out tomorrow as to whether
or not I'm at the airport and whether or
not I'm about to be in another country
that I've never
in my life so if you're new around here
make sure you pick out like rain click
the subscribe button I will hopefully
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. that
Excel blog but until then I may or may
not be going to Mexico you'll just have
to find out tomorrow so thanks for
watching much love follow me on Twitter
at Pro Syndicate for me on Instagram
that's difficut I'll see you guys then
so until a new dollar and a new day I
guess I'll just I know where this goes
tomorrow yes
