oh it's a great day in America it
actually looks like it's about to rain
but that should not bother us get impact
talk we're rock and rollin and we're
leaving to Las Vegas in less than an
hour so I should probably leave
immediately
what does you guys know me I kind of
leave things last-minute I miss several
flights not by purpose by the way I'm
not by choice
it's just I'm just kind of an idiot come
on come on come on my flight is at 11:15
and it's currently 9:45 I've checked in
a line so I'm really hoping that speeds
up the process of me being able to get
through the airport but yet there's no
flights going out to Las Vegas from LA
today apart from this one so if I miss
it I've ruined the day
next up LAX please made it to the
airport I got here within like 15
minutes I didn't expect that there was
no traffic whatsoever so let's try and
find where I need to go airport security
doesn't look too bad so let's get in it
I'll be gummed my bag actually didn't
get checked for this okay where we are
where we are where we are Las Vegas on
time 11:15 70 be 70 be oh sure we
boarding oh no no no no wow I've
actually made it with enough time to be
able to Gong doesn't breakfast bro $11
for a sandwich holy shit got my iced
vanilla latte feel like a basic bitch
time to catch my flight
all right next door super quick next up
MGM Grand we made it ladies and
gentlemen pretty sure this is going the
right way gonna get myself a taxi head
to the hotel we set how much money do
you think I'm gonna lose this time
dude last time I came here my credit
card got cloned for $8,000 I already
made it to them Jen okay okay so no this
is not my hotel I'm in the MGM Grand but
this is not the hotel on the sauce we
stay night I'm going to a hotel called
MGM signature
forgive me for not knowing such thing
and they quite literally gave me a map
to be able to find my way a commission
I'm assuming I'm assuming is this way
MGM signature that's where we're going
I'm still walking to get my hotel it's
like a maze this place hotels are
actually designed to be like mazes in
Vegas just so you get lost in it and
spend more money this is where I'm
staying
the signature MGM Grand I've never heard
of this scene this or anything managed
to find my hotel MGM signature checked
in can't get to a room till 3:30 so I'm
just winging it till then 4:30 for the
penthouse oh you're so fancy thus the
day begins this is Jose by the way very
very nice to meet you like this this is
the first time people found out who he
is what he does we met once yeah met
literally once last time we're big years
old ones together we didn't even really
it was hi how you doing
yeah it wasn't much conversation you
know basically like we lost money and
then we're like I never said goodbye
yeah and that was it I just stayed in
touch you were the only guy that was
willing to throw down on the blackjack
with me and vice-versa
anytime yeah they didn't work out too
well but it was fine we had that
connection and it led to this look at
the color of this wall then look at the
color of that water oh my god it looks
so much worse on your phone that is
disgusting it's just nothing but urine
shit feces loading click and their kin
and their and their splashing around in
it they're how into people's faces oh my
god the best thing ever
yeah take a bottle service table put it
in a driving range mix it with bowling
and really good drinks and really good
food and you're gonna end up drunk and
having a great time and it's only not
even three o'clock yeah it's gonna be a
long fun day no idea now this this is
what I'm talking about this is what I'm
talking about we're in the private
section I'm Tommy
you live a good life I'm just saying
that right now you live a pretty good
life there could be a worse way to spend
my day a worse way to spend my day yeah
yeah give me give me five more drinks
that's me right there that
that's exactly that's exactly why I'm
gonna get kicked out all right I have no
idea what I'm doing here but I have to I
have to film Tom oh yeah you ready oh
yeah I'm supposed to stand behind the
line okay Wow it's more impressive than
my video skills I like I like how you
could have up to just flip the camera
around I feel lighter
I don't know I don't know how to do that
no pressure whatsoever nailed it go on
back to the wall
yeah listen roll roll roll baby okay
it's not my favorite drink of all time
yeah oh my god looks so nice apparently
if I have two of these I'll be
absolutely flat on my ass so challenge
accepted problem of the drink like this
is I can just drink this for fun but at
least at least I'm not alone I have this
is Josh's sister for just gonna Oh
sister-in-law so we're just gonna get up
and enjoy the rest of this comes like
super highly rated from John so we're
gonna go with wait what do you call this
sushi Mexican sushi sushi sushi
hell yeah Mexican sushi roll absorbing a
bit cilantro you're gonna hey
my ass is always out so he's really hope
till tonight
so this button right here is gonna allow
me to go on the stage with him and walk
around the stage whilst he's performing
in front of 80,000 people
it'd be a good day a very good day so
all right so he scared Tom we told him
this drink was gonna be how do i fuck
how do you do this so how are you gonna
last till now till 9:00 to do your set
and then lost the rest of the night this
is what you do it's also what you do
freely yeah yeah bring it back you can't
go again you just right you need to hit
155 yards
hole-in-one so no pressure one dirham
50-yard shot a hole in one
you've got this do you believe in him
you believe in him I believe okay okay
go get it Oh
hey you're so happy about this by the
way the last shot you just took it hit
the ball and you can hit the C you know
there's the hole you made a hole look
you buried a hole in the ceiling oh no
this is your building this is what I
miss
now I was pretty far i I couldn't golf I
could actually go this is the way that
way nice one last time missed and I
pushed it off so
this was actually the best outcome ever
yeah you're good enough even really
broad we faked it yes I rethink all
right so we saw that he was done and
then we tied but apparently he still has
a ball left so I'm gonna be a good sport
I got I got my kickoff which I do with a
lot Sun cool that's fair that's fair
all right so he's gonna say well what
I'm cool yeah all right here we go oh my
god nope hey man I'm glad we Dre did
you're so good with the angles oh my god
yo iPhone iPhone this is - thing you
know just yeah are you sure you're ready
for your set tonight I'm taking about I
I have to say this right now I still
don't even know how some does it because
satsang is like drinking with us now
he's got a set to play for like an hour
and then he said he's gonna stay awake
till 4 a.m. I don't know how you do that
like four days in a row
wait I knew we were destined to be best
friends when we were the only two people
on a twenty that's like blackjack
Oh for it's ending you said it yeah I
said I'm gonna fuckin send it there I
don't even know if I'm ready for this no
photo may not go sometime there's
everyone's dying to
like no literally there carry sound
biggest what do we do shopping in Vegas
but I've never met guys Vegas properly
Simon hey she's about to walk into a bin
dude keep the partner in the bin she's
trash she's little truck they literally
defined her as trash and put her in the
bin yeah I don't think I'm prepared for
today I hope I have enough memory on my
phone to be able to film this so tonight
he's lucky cuz he's performing at 9:00
and 9:00 p.m. tonight good tomorrow your
bad depends on your definition of lucky
you played at night before so it's not
bad that's good but the day after you
played it one time three AI do you like
they'll hate it that's great
all right the festival goes until 6:00
in the morning we're being responsible
adults we're having a soft drink and
we're playing the most American fucking
slot machine of all time if you're like
an Elvis I actually fill out one of them
old women you see in the movies right
now just like pull it in welcome to the
Elvis shake rattling reels did you live
it so 100 smackeroos right going let's
see how quickly you're gonna spend a
hundred dollars and not win anything
yeah all right just just let me know as
soon as you win something okay it's all
ours five bucks keep her going
save oh there we go please now we go
spinny wheel oh yeah okay all right so I
have to choose my era
Elvis which one blue red or gold blue
favorite color so if it hits one of the
blue ones I get another spin okay
oh come on our butts no you did not
yeah what oh my God thank God you
actually won it really yeah yeah so yeah
I got from $100 to here okay yeah you
get you went from $100 to 340 so 240
profit yeah okay I'm gonna go from a
hundred to zero real quick oh shit why -
we're gonna get there oh wait really
will ya where I look seriously well does
if you land on major I have no idea do
you win not the jackpot imagine if I
just won 240,000 right now Oh
Wow wait wait I've made a whopping $16
holy shit and blow on it like Lady Luck
okay okay okay okay okay
spin the wheel spinning it let's go so
it's gonna land on a blue and I've gotta
get it come come come come come come
come come gun gun gun please oh thanks
guy
all right last bin this is the last bin
I believe in me thanks for winning me
$100 we got money
yeah even Ellen has her own machine oh I
guess that's the thing about Vegas you
can't even win some you lose some
oh you're equal we could all right I'm
equal I've lost no money I'm wooden no
money some okay yeah we're supposed to
go to the fucking helicopter so we're
going just a walk we're going for a walk
oh no really no we're actually going get
on a helicopter he organized it not me
I'm so excited how do you prep for what
we're about to do well do you prep but
you just like whatever wing normally I
would have spent all day today working
on my side making sure it's perfect
whatever but I knew that you were coming
so I spent it don't look at me some me
no no it was actually great because I
got all the prep work out of the way
yeah making the sad making knew ahead of
time yeah making sure that I'm playing
new songs whatever and because I'm
playing on the main stage it's like it's
a very like big deal it's a relatively
mainstream crowd do it as many fans of
mine that will be there
a lot of people who might not know yeah
you know we're just going to EDC for the
first time so they go to the main oh
shit
I heard the words indigent see I told
you
Jay told you we've been walking around
all day you're the first one to get
recognized oh shit so you don't get
nervous that I do it I don't I mean it
is what it is and I'll share this moment
I do not feel like I have their anxiety
in the slice like I truly I might not
own but like you must bought no but my
buddy's like when I go to say is I'm a
bit like yeah so you need a moment
you don't think you do right yeah
because let minerally on there like I am
there yeah and that's why I might tell
him I buddy like get the fucking shit
together mentally unprepared yeah I am
I'm always there like focus and 15 it's
like for like big shows like this it's
like the like we're going on the
helicopter like it's happening we're
getting there like up until like you get
to the stage it's a good deal
nerve-racking yeah then like the second
I get on like the first song is just in
yeah what you're gonna wear what you
wear is oh oh yeah yeah right so so this
is this is some before he goes on the
main stage introducing Sam with his what
do you set your face on yes come on
reveal yourself kill him okay I'm like
you know I'm liking the alp melons on
melon I'm very not oh we got the melons
in the glitter ball okay okay okay go
ahead Sam give it a spit key to account
wheel yeah just get in the van head to
the helicopter you know it's casual we
do this every day did you just say that
one more time sorry what I think that's
all I need you thinks we're hot lately
so you pour your music on so like a SD
cards and then pass it on to your
manager your manager then gives it to
the team and they don't have any music
in
hello yes welcome
EDC bag check I like how I'm filming my
entire day on an iPhone but really I
should be followed by George with this
how much is that word no no I don't know
money 50 K I'm here filming with an
iPhone and this guy's got this yeah I
should just go home now
this is insane that's that's how you're
gonna that's how you want to be seen in
tomorrow on this video this is it this
is the behind the scenes of the behind
the scenes
oh yeah right he's got the red he could
slow that thing got a million billion
at least so fancy he's so fancy look at
him oh you look so cool blows a kiss
blows a kiss oh yeah hey Sam this is
probably my best day in life yet
well it's only your second one so yeah
now CaptainSparklez it was great but you
got one up to buy a helicopter sir yo
Sam I'm not sure if I said this already
but
hey you're gonna crush you tonight yet
thank you so much
like we're actually candy on the runway
right now oh my god
this is the way to go to EDC this is the
way look
this is a trend
how are you doing
I had to drive it
your first-ever helicopter right you
like it yeah
he's like okay do it again thank you
very much Kyle hey I'm a man I homie
thank you so much wow this is such a
good day in the life
oh my God look at right now this is like
he's behind the scenes looking fresh man
looking fresh
oh dude Claude now called torque it dude
sick I so sick look at look at the shots
he's in right now dude this is like the
golden hour this is amazing I was
promised a golf cart tonight Sam maybe
later but right now we're traveling in
this thumbnail like you're watching
right now is exactly amazing because of
this guy right now say thank you
like I said five seconds ago people
usually take photos and their potatoes
I'm like thanks look he made it for hey
George you did good job with your camera
as well but this guy killed it with an
iPhone thank you so much whoa whoa wait
what that's a bit aggressive behind the
goddamn scenes Wow okay so is this like
this is what true behind the scenes
truck looks like the artists area so
where where you said you like it oh you
got a trailer
mrs. amazing hey like thank you very
much so now going into this was rock and
roll paste it was whoa you can have your
own green room tonight oh oh no you
can't cross out your name and put
syndicate in life of Tom yeah okay he's
like get out of my trailer this is what
your gang one thing that ain't a bag for
one thing you're so pretty
love it yo hey look this a thottie style
wait what really you get a bottle of
tequila yeah dump ariane okay my best
life okay okay okay I just saying this
is pretty this is good okay I'm just
gonna enjoy myself
look how sick this shows imagine if this
is what my vlog look like oh my god dude
you're so you're so fancy
hey it takes two to tango okay I respect
the teamwork oh there you are we always
getting that he's getting the body in
there okay brother Brandon yeah and now
you got to hand over the voyage come on
come gum gum gum gum gum this is
Cristina she's super cool spot
did I not get the memo for essence cuz
the behind-the-scenes is absolutely
amazing
Oh what oh not only killing you with the
EDC vibe
they hung my side is here as well dude
behind the scenes he screams awesome I
love this place i they've got free
massages over no no no no no no I'm
sorry
oh dude no they did it anyway
I thought you in Japan I took like Tokyo
yeah we get out
I've not seen this guy since the finite
music video music video my guy it's the
tongue I did Oh at nighttime this place
isn't okay I can see why you live this
lifestyle
I've moment alone yo this has been
that's the best day ever
like seriously like some did not have to
bring me on this adventure and he did
and he's been super fucking cool about
it so a lot of love right a lot of
respect from like seriously he's gonna
put them beyond to me mad times the
trailer run out of Red Bull so I roll
over to the Iceland like you know just
like you do I was like we're gonna need
to do a little bit more Red Bull they
hooked it up fatty style rolling back
and in 20 minutes
we're going getting on the main stage
you ready yeah I'm ready so like how are
you feeling right now
my most essential pre-show food I hunt
in the toilet paper yeah you did yeah I
was like manager there's no talking I
was like sound I got you so pre-show
booth Barry essentially if that is a
ritual not for me but when you got it
you know why it can't be weighed down
crushing tonight Pittsburgh have fun
here we go I'm not even doing anything
I'm nervous like seriously I know it
sounds so random but like how is like
pounding I'm like after this
is this is this how you approach the
main stage this is how you do it I like
how you doing this with a speed camera
dude respect is this the golfcart stage
of the night like Jim is like GTA stars
and then there was being Georgie dude I
don't you meet this guy again
if this guy ends up being the guy who
produces the life of Tom my bet like you
know Dana life would be boats he's super
cool I need a guy who's super cool got a
sick ass camera and knows when to shoot
and so far in the game
it's not even 9:00 yeah I think being
judged you're gonna stay in touch I
change then I really mean this one bomb
of God
oh we're the crossing bridge let's go
I wonder if you know how they live in
Tokyo mustard go on the right side cook
the wrong
oh she keep going faster this is quite
literally insane
I can't wait on this behind-the-scenes
oh my god this is the sickest thing ever
you know when I set up you know what I
said I was gonna do this a series of a
day the life yeah
behind the scenes in people's lives yeah
this is literally behind the scenes yeah
I don't think this day can be full this
is not normally in my life I promise
what is this is what you do for Chris so
yeah but it's not it's not always this
look at the size of the stage no size
definitely does get my about five
minutes before our main stage sounds
just kicking it talking to people like
it's another day another dollar
and we're about to walk on the stage
this big
a day in the life of job a day in the
life of whoever amazing hey I like
Howie's manager just came up to me is
that Tommy you ready I was like I like
how you just said I you ready I was like
yeah I think I think I'm ready are you
ready okay all right we have like
negative two minutes before we go on
stage she's about to go down tom is way
more nervous than I am I'm nervous all
you I know that was a great fries favor
like cover members back
I don't even have to do anything I don't
have to be here oh yeah don't worry
mom's gonna be the next international
vacation station holy shit
as the whole fucking thing man oh my god
I never thought I'd use every my life
every time I look into your eyes I see
the future
oh my god
I love it I absolutely
best series idea ever this is like true
behind-the-scenes right now there's a
form of the massive statue
they say do you love me I'd tell only
partly I only love my dad and my mom
you guys nobody Taylor just meet again
by Sunday Monday night
where you want to face the whole time no
we went onto the front I was out there
with Brenna house is crazy
butoh we went out from the house and
came back dude you cook the crowd loved
it display I have to say nice nice
beautiful big is the night has literally
just begun it's like hey you get you
some food yeah yeah straight up I've
been with him all I've been with him all
day and like dude he's exhausted
he's been eat and drink and drink Ania
Georgey Georgey exhausted I'm too tired
he's just been jumping around for less
hour and a half straight away like no
wonder he's fucking dying right now
oh my god why is going on much wow mini
impress oh my god
just one more time
okay that's fine what's up
is going on
I'm not sure what's going on right now
goodbye main stage goodbye main stage
I'd I just forget I guess we're just
getting shipped off now but we're
getting a wyvern Georgie has got the
best footage of all night oh my god
Beautif my vlog looked like that they
can really Netflix would own me by now
to say
oh no you're definitely in this video at
this point dude my ears I can't even
hear anything anymore all I can hear is
love it I'm dumb dumb dumb straight up
so much respect for like
he absolutely crushed it all night
non-stop just go go go go go he's not
eaten since I've eaten and we at 3
o'clock it's now 11 o'clock at night
easy and nothing I'm just been drinking
all day and he's paid hard with me like
he hung so hard so on to the rest of the
night I guess
alright in true rave fashion for Tom's
first fucking rave ever we're gonna
glitter this face and he's gonna look
like the cutest little festival Bay of
all time before I'm literally getting
second hand Big Brother burgers are here
I figured I figure this what is second
hon titty titty glitter yeah I mean wait
a second hon ticket up all the way from
Australia you know some how do you feel
buzz it is what it is being hunted food
life's good whoa no titty glitter on the
food what the fuck kind of just made
your beard look bigger but instead of
facial hair it's it's I just saw
everybody look at my husband oh sure oh
my god breathe right now
my face like that look like a 12 year
old by hud PVA glue and a Butchie
glitter and stuck into my face for
Christmas cards Oh
thank you very much for the glitter they
got just got
ETM raped like yeah I just want to say
this this bid was great know about this
hey mom I'm so glad my life came to this
one point
Waveland look I just got trim obey that
works I'm okay with that now this is a
pro move I definitely have several
questions about this vehicle and none of
them are now bad right because this is
absolutely beautiful the ability to just
jump on the back of the car rather than
walk is so goddamn satisfying
this guy behind me is in handcuffs right
now
and the police are trying to move him oh
my god I don't know what's going on this
could be a but you play football
Oh
Oh
honey gasps the strong vocals oh yes
Oh
I have no idea where we're going
why we're going or what we're doing do
you know if my life my guy my guy so I
just booked it too cray and cray just
said like took her and everyone's over
here so we're gonna go say hello to
Tucker oh wait seriously they're over
here
oh shit but was taken out oh my god
oh my god no this shit oh my hiss go go
go go go go
fancy running this year but
what they are to work
I'm open to talk above it to ever run
that next without bumped into this
fucking guy
are you kidding me right now Hey when
the world's about to end in a zombie
about what happens
I'm not gonna go to I'm dead I didn't
survive
welcome to Guinea see
if I'm gonna do insomniac I got to do it
properly
I feel like if there's one way to pay
homage to it yeah this is the way to do
it so yeah this was his first festival
fucking read everything I'm so tired
of all the days in the life I've done so
far the whole - this has been a really
intense from day today has been a
hardcore day oh fuck he woke up you
serious oh my god she's still alive the
woman who glitter raped me is bad top of
the morning to you trying to fly back to
LA tomorrow's gonna be a bitch all the
flights are probably gonna be sold out
so instead should I fly to the Cayman
Islands should check out and get five
hundos especially so far like Florida's
and buy the best for you it's probably
the best for you I've been meaning to go
forever but I've never like had the
moment to like yeah now I should go
oh my god if I wake up on a beach
tomorrow in the Cayman Islands
I'm saying this right now man I I am
hella defeated I I came I saw dude we
conquered seriously like you use your
team
I've crushed it I don't think I could
ever replicate a day in the life of this
a letter my guy honestly given man you
and your team are in a whole nother
level the fuck let you do this like
night after night after night a lot of
love a lot of respect you my guy but
like I'm exhausted I am seriously
exhausted looks a lot more fun on this I
think it is dude I think I might know
what I'm doing tomorrow yeah I might fly
to the Cayman Islands why he need a
vacation after this yeah seriously yeah
fucking serious that but honestly I just
makes me team a lot of love a lot of
respect for you guys
I'm glad that you came out and like I
was telling him when he wasn't on his
phone doing the whole video and shit was
cool but I got to see Tom put the phone
down for like two or three full hours
and just fucking rage and get into it
and experience the festival the way he
was supposed to I'm really glad that you
had to do that I loved it
yeah I know honestly I know I saw you
out it I thought you're having a really
good time and it made me happy I've had
an amazing trip honestly thank you by
the way thank you for letting me spend a
day in the life absolutely I mean it how
about an amazing experience yeah an
amazing experience oh yeah the fact that
I've got to go home and edit this before
10:00 a.m. oh my not so much an amazing
experience but you know what fuck it's
like 4 o'clock in the morning right now
and I want to do is false I just want to
fall on the floor and sleep I could have
fallen asleep in that trailer and just
been happy about things but
tell me I didn't steal it tell me I
shouldn't steal I don't know don't oh my
god today she's so fucking everyone
everyone wants to steal that my oh my
god whose is this what why is this a
thing oh my god
5 a.m. 5 a.m.
Sami broke me he broke me you've
absolutely broke me they're like 5 mm
rolling out the fucking taxi I bump into
this homie right here and this guy right
here dude zombies oh yes dude right well
I've got to go and check into my hotel
because I don't even know I don't even
fly out this city right now seriously I
have no plans right now it's like coming
to the country I came into the country I
said I'm gonna come in folks you leave
do I get should I fly to Hawaii right
now on the Cayman Islands why man why
why not both this guy talk sense so you
didn't totally just say that one thing
that was really good sorry well I
thought I had enough sleep seriously hey
sounds like you guys crushed it
seriously let a love more importantly
you do what you do we have a woman by
your side he's got your back on all the
times I saw a million times not I mean
this you 100 Stan was like making sure
and I'm not saying like all over just
but like making sure he's good make sure
I have everything need to do what he
needs to do so and yeah and you have
being like we just felt like she just
went out of the way to do so yeah
respect for that I'm just gonna go and
cry my single eyes out okay appreciate
I'm gonna go downstairs go to bed and
just wake up whatever he can do the same
thing but he's got a set to perform at
3:00 a.m. tomorrow so he's got to do
this i regardless of how tight he is
he's got to perform at 3:00 an yep
it was I'm glad I'm only doing this for
one day best series idea ever the actual
thought of me having to go to my room
and start editing the vlog seriously
obsessed me if I could ask for Byron in
one point of my entire life right now
it's it's this moment like seriously I
need Byron to edit the vlog because I'm
so exhausted and this whole get it home
for tenían thing doesn't work with me so
sorry for the blog being late I said it
in advanced I may actually just say
screw it and fly to a different country
so even rather than going to LA like
back to LA I don't need to collect
anything that I just go to a different
country why not all right that's good
wrap up my day guys an absolutely insane
insane journey I'm gonna put Josie's
like Instagram and Twitter down below if
you guys want to go follow him I really
appreciate it if you go and like just
tweet him him often just say thank you
so much for like letting me spend the
day with him it was incredible
he's friends he's family everyone like
members of staff we're just so catering
to just let me kick it with with him for
the day like I stayed completely out the
way didn't expect to be like dragged
upon the mainstage or to go on the
helicopter anything like that you went
above and beyond for me and I am so so
thankful and this has been one hell of
an amazing series like incredible series
because I've always been two of them so
far and I can't wait to see what we do
next so if you've got any suggestions as
to what I should do next leave some
people down below whether it's a
youtuber and half we a musician or
whatever it could be the most random
thing in the world book that's the whole
point of the series to be able to meet
awesome people and just spend a day in
the life of what they do so oh and of
course the most important thing if you
are new around here and you like what
you see make sure to click that
subscribe and
if you haven't done then you'll never
get an occasion when the video is live
if you want to follow me on Twitter I
Pro syndicate go ahead if you want to
follow me on instagram at syndicate go
ahead and do that as well
but yeah again most random idea for a
series in the world it just started with
the hanging out with Jordan for a day
and then it expanded to being on the
main stage EDC flying around in
helicopters like what the actual heck so
who knows what's next I don't know when
I'm gonna do it next but we're just
gonna wing it we're gonna send it and
we'll just say so make sure you click
that subscribe button
take that ding dong that notification
Bell I've got to get this video rendered
uploaded and then try and get lost baby
so tune in tomorrow to see how that goes
much love I miss adios
