coming Blaine the size of this cow park
absolutely beautiful view today to wake
up to salute all it's a new date lady
German today is the date that I've just
finished my breakfast of Nutella and
monstermunch like no joke I mean I'm in
a hotel that has like breakfast service
and instead I had this I've only got 40
percent battery I do not have a charge
of Forex I haven't got an adapter for
the wall I have the plug but I just
forgot to bring me adapter I tried to
class myself as a professional traveler
but clearly not today this bed was
stupidly comfortable I'm very late like
lately lately
7 minutes 30 seconds left 11% battery
left I don't think this is gonna make it
I literally turn around one second later
and it might crash so I feel like a
skill kit going on the school trip I
can't ready to record so shit I think I
think we actually get the opportunity to
record it called you today I don't I
think it's just what you play I don't
know what they're gonna reveal boy
I've only just got off but I'm like
literally booming up Luke suck off the
wall a legate thank you very much for
hooking me up with that and then this
guy what are we doing uh well we're
gonna go to the event and then you're
gonna eat catalyst caviar caviar is very
good right here below yeah Brad can't
wait to throw that up on camera thanks
man the hostel is still real right now
I'm like the one nerdy game I walked
around with a laptop trying to upload
his blog though hosted is so real right
now the laptop died one more time
is it good there's a god damn power
socket on the boss yes this is actually
quite literally the clutches boss I
could have ever got on
I can't believe who's actually plug
sockets I got two minutes get to the
venue use a free Wi-Fi side I'm here
complaining about how tired I am but I'm
here for like a week and a half
what time did you land yesterday he's
got the grinder oh it is unanswered fine
I get it you don't stay and have fun and
play with me we just did a 30-minute
round the block drive we were supposed
to be getting dropped off there we
actually might miss like sections of the
event yeah we might we've missed parts
of the event because this guy went the
wrong way so we do have no an idea where
we're going
it starts at 10 o'clock on the dot and
we've got like 11 minutes to get it all
he had to do was pull into here but
instead we drove all the way around and
he took an extra 30 minutes 30 seconds
before it clocks tick calm down Alistar
Wow
so when you literally go ate just a dime
okay
severely running late
and you ready Alistair
this is a Bernie
he's like baby he's back
that was a lot a lot of content
zombies come come come
let's go let's go yes
oh my god
what dispense
love of the dead
yeah oh my god well does it does it just
make your day when this little guy
affairs I like my own bucket I label
like a weakness of all that we should I
definitely go to the gym yeah he's going
straight after this okay I'm not knowing
I don't know it right now while you're
on camera you got a Saturday
tomorrow yeah tomorrow yeah I have done
no exercise I've done one bike rides at
the last month yeah I do not think I'll
we've improved all right and that does
actually make me really happy right now
is my laptop's only got a whopping Oh an
hour and 35 minutes of battery 13
minutes to upload my vlog let's go
it took me a five minute interview to
realize that his microphone isn't even
podiums
Zomba community ladies and gently okay
hands on me multiplayers it felt really
good the new health system is like it's
on buying I hate in college anyway you
can be like absolutely stomping it and
someone can just turn around and crush
you like instantly so it like really
balances it really well so fun
look at look at all these try hats going
Mike oh we got Justine and nadeshot
please cut him trying to hit my face
sniper montage Club out you got this you
got this game on how you liking it
yeah it's called Ooty effect every
single new cars gonna be it's the best
game ever three months late socks are
you ready for the roundtable with Jason
yeah we got to sit down for an hour with
Jason and asking questions so I I'm very
excited for it but that's yeah and now
to watch that now to watch the try-hard
himself I'm going out oh yeah I
completely just forgot I'm with the
retired ecology world champion Hey look
at you by the way
so slick I walk the retired hose I'm the
retired Apple you
Treyarch is doing this instead of it as
three food buns all completely free you
got like a monster thing overhead get
yourself a drink chart in the shade
I will come again Rick different waffle
Nikolai Wiggins he's so cute when you
try dad we got ya dude we're all coming
out of that room that was really good
was like 45 minutes of just asking like
fewer questions about story obviously
they want to how involved okay I mean
dude it feels like zombies is back
because we got no answers to any of our
questions while still getting answer so
yep and we should say we heard some
stuff that we know how to talk about but
other than that good day good day real
name yeah a really good day good day sir
looking look how excited the zombie
commute yeah so this is a this is Craig
he works on zombies as well I had made
like main storyline book our happy
waffles is okay it's like it's like
seeing you like a young child me is dad
Cylon and a scale of 1 to 10 how happy
95 ok that was a perfect matter that's a
pretty fantastic moment right there like
the head guy on tray out zombies and the
head guy and infinite warfare zombies
the two Titans just met laughing I think
maybe for the first time I donated was
it 30 13375 that's not exactly the most
confident thing I want to see after I
finish your recording watch my screen
you know JC good game 8 down to the wire
he just jumped off the map okay I'm not
gonna church anymore see oh I am wearing
all black so I'm gonna start sweating my
absolute softball it's been an amazing
event well I don't really want to go
back in there not because I don't want
to play card or anything like that
she was purely because I've been stuck
inside that room for the past like five
hours and all I want to do is just like
switch off part here stand in the Sun
and get us on time amazing capture
session here
we professionally set out massive thank
you to all the team all the staff and
everybody it's now time to say goodbye
this has been such a really good day I
can't believe I am amazed managed to get
the factor like oh good dancing by the
way
like it just ended up being an
absolutely awesome the fact that we
managed to sit down with Craig and Jason
like like the heads of Ecology zombies
and just sit down with them and ask him
like a bunch of questions obviously was
like completely off the record they they
couldn't answer tonight and I'm sending
the questions we asked them for it was
so nice to just have that like that time
we didn't even know we were gonna get it
was like a surprise it was like spending
time we like your heroes in the gaming
industry so really really cool to talk
to them it's so excited for the new maps
these three new maps don't even know
where I'm gonna be getting like which
one's a star like I should be going home
now doing like trailer breakdowns of
every single one bought it's just really
nice weather so I was about to leave and
not take one of these with me check out
this poster may I am definitely taking
that home and framing it
so please please roll it exceptional
like it's like the Mona Lisa the Mona
you're the mud so delicately I'm gonna
try and take it I'm gonna try to take it
all the way home so I'm just completely
filming now I was asked yeah don't get
this D monetized why you do that
actually I felt that I didn't give him a
wedding present so he can have my post
off okay did she robot so good yeah
great I've got I've got literally
nothing to show from this event he
didn't get any good gameplay didn't even
get opposed to just thinking just let me
suffer a lot okay
are you not good that we didn't go did I
wait to ask him where my flamethrower
was I haven't got my did
where's complaint I just got a recent
email no I didn't actually
shit thanks for reminding me the meme
that's going round of like does it say
Laurel or does it say yeah Nina it does
not say Yannick in the slightest listen
I swear it on my life
all ahead no it says Laurel it so says
lo are you trolling Laurel it just knows
Danny you're on drugs
you are enjoyable so you think these
guys behind me it was it senses Laurel
is it right is the ravine that I don't
know about about trolling there or is it
you legit I'm making sweat out on your
wife's life yeah you think there's
whatever alive you want me to swear out
I will do you think he says yeah 1000
percent right plate one more time listen
yeah me I don't know hey listen this is
it saying Laurel or Danny
ready Danny I mean I'm being beamed
right now oh my god I'll just keep
freaking out are you serious yeah how is
the reply then okay Laurel Yeung
anything aside you guys can get involved
in comments if you want I'm just saying
this right now like right right right
right now
okay ali-a is the best home ever you
know why because he had to get off on
his flight at 6 p.m. tonight and he left
without saying goodbye
which like Thomas like you said he's the
best friend ever yes because he forgot
to take the pork socket adapter so
tomorrow when I'm doing my vlog I can
just leave my laptop here and it in not
a problem
where would I find mr. rock walls
interviewing the zombie guys what do you
hear when this audio clip plays what do
you hear when this place what do you
hear
you're yeah you're fuck you are I swear
to God
no no no no no you ready to get drunk
the days find out really good first of
the bar got myself a Buddha light but
light which in case it is it really is
good no that was really good but why are
you not here we could meet and get
thrown together and do Jager Bomb theme
star you need to make him the full-time
host I'm saying that right now that's
the biggest egg above I've ever seen in
my life oh my god this is the but yeah
it actually came out quite cool that's
the biggest gig of of I've ever taken
alive
stop right this is the old what do you
hear
or oh right apparently the White House
has made a video on this subject
no wait wait for the end no woody said
he said to me it sounds like FFA it's
over okay the meme is Josh's well you're
actually ro or Yanni Morrow you're
Scottish I don't even know what if you
completely there what did you do it but
what do you hear though what's wrong
with you
mm art tough better Martin - you're
letting oh I have a Scotsman oh that's
Irish just let's get fucking yeah - to a
successful community event to see
everyone to help to happiness in turn
journeys led the most flights like
honestly like nicest person up I think
I've ever met
try to do really nice guys I'm not like
trying to hit on him right now I'm just
I mean it right what do you hear when
you hear this if you already said Laurel
it's still the nicest guy I've ever met
look look I'm cute but they want to tell
you they want to tell you story
something you want to know steps know
what the spreadsheets man file give give
me the best speech I mean like the most
inspirational speech sheraton you're
Canadian so yes right what do you hear
you ready what do you hear this is
Laurel he does say Laurel eat dog is
Canadian he says whoa
welcome to crazy golf for free
okay that's your fourth shot go on okay
how it going or not three practice show
no no you had three official shots okay
okay so this is your fourth okay for
this is a two hole par by the way this
is this is your fifth
yep fifth okay going G basically a
hole-in-one
don't know but uh I'm a really coming
all the way to insomnia Scotland to see
this Wow oh yes link between the till I
look a lot straight but then when your
mother amides yeah
so Molly Molly what happen is this what
is this how you play in Scotland okay
and you still miss can I just say that
is it awesome deathrow out work I have a
problem right now my ball got stuck
now does that does that count as a bar
or not I'm gone I'm gone gone
yeah
yeah hey you catch yourself dude nice
try what I was sort of music
my dick and that was a bad move I'm
hopeful not gonna get in a fight with
this guy cuz I vomited uh I like broke
my knee hmm
that was a lot of alcohol consumed just
saying that right now is very drunken as
you can tell so was everyone else nearly
everyone in this video today after we
started drinking
we're slurring their words but I've got
the vlog edited but we have a problem
the Wi-Fi is dead in the hotel so I do
not know I'm gonna do whilst I'm trying
to get this vlog Lord and everything
like that I'm gonna be going over to
Treyarch I'm gonna be one of the first
other people in the world to livestream
black ops for so if you guys want to see
the gameplay live you want to see me
stream it and be sure no twitch.tv folks
are syndicate so I'm not sure what time
I'm exactly starting which I know he's
not convenient but just click link
description go to my twitch channel
check it out see if on live at my um
she'll see me stream in the new game if
not then hey you missed out sorry about
that what I told you but what an
absolutely great day I had an amazing
time and must say thank you again to
Activision for flying us out like it was
just really awesome of them till I
brings out the event capture everything
I got the gameplay footage but then the
USB broke so I can get the footage I
know you could just say you can pull it
out but I think the USB actually fully
broke so what yay really excited for
October when the game comes out when the
game comes out you guys know I'm gonna
be streaming like crazy I've got my new
Internet I'm gonna be able to download
the game super fast I'll be able to get
all the updates super fast and I'll be
able to stream it in like super-sexy
quality so it's gonna be good times
ahead I'm very tired I need to get my
shit motivated I need to get up anything
at my bags but I need to start my day so
guys thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like rate
subscribe if you are new around him turn
them notifications on you'll get an
email every time I post a new video so
until tomorrow at 7 p.m. 9 + p.m. ish
I'm just gonna stop staying tons when
I'm in America exactly never stick to it
I'll see you then alright much love to
you faces beside us
