England what is going on here another
absolutely beautiful day this suit is
out I'm feeling fresh Matt tapti has
arrived but I kind of have some new news
for you before my taxi your hair as you
guys know I'll be traveling up in PI and
I've been drinking and all those three
things combined run your body in your
immune system down they've run my body
down that much yeah began with more face
aids I woke up with a lower cold sore
literally I went to stop drinking loads
of water yesterday to just like push my
body out get all the top khun's out of
me feel hydrated and fresh and all that
Oh cup the next day was like well it
feels a bit saw ok bye now
I'm going on my date right now yeah oh
yeah yeah yeah I think I'm gonna miss
riding in this weather
hell no but enough about my face aids
right as you heard I'm going on a dinner
date and who's my didn't know I don't
think you heard that well I'm going on a
dinner date and who's my dinner date it
with down I've introduced you as my
dinner date hello there I know this is
kind of cute
ok I love you st. has been a burst pipe
on my road because I'm looking at this
weather and I don't see no rain why is
that we have you brought me right yeah
worried what an amazing name the easy
fishko okay apparently there's these
favorite fish places oh wow this is this
dismal fishy oh ah ok it it smells so
fishy in here
do you want me to pick oh you're gonna
I'll account me okay
me this is some smelly smelly fish as
its called bathe wiping whitebait god
shit yet apparently fish up cheeks and
just saying that right now the cod
cheeks and then some peppers quince
though
where's he's basically checking out the
competition I know I sound like I'm just
saying this board that white bait is
fine they saw better squid oh la la so I
didn't know out its soup
I basically ordered fish soup okay and
was this that does look pretty good you
made I think you made a bad decision in
the - oh my god that is so nicely to be
out there now it's so warm outside we
were sat inside there freezing notice
wait look look at the size of that
nipple I'm freezing
come on my giving it hey whoa I'm just
gonna go in that chemist and get some
face aid cream okay come get us of
Iraq's it's expensive just get this get
lips or 5% with cream I have my face
AIDS cream only serve Iraq's he's seven
quid and then this is to she went on the
back and she showed me ingredient for
ingredient it's the exact same save
herself a fiver in it no I recognize
this vehicle this bag of bolts she just
used the back door instead they have
fake rust next door
cute hello dear oh look at you want
summary congratulations
I'll just go outside then go on you're
fired get on these posters who the heck
is this guy mini lad stealing my posters
business thank you come on then goodbye
I got my syndicate original swag her to
take with me make sure
you get yours link in the description
yeah in this Sun nearly 5 o'clock get
some get some Sun in your face
oh god my AIDS look he's looking bad
right now I'm gonna wipe my aids upon
you I was planning on using my GoPro to
record the ride book instead of my GoPro
not being charged I don't have the mouth
from a GoPro and I don't actually have a
spare one I don't know where it is I'm
not gonna be able to record the ride
I'll try and film what my phone book mmm
I might if I'm a GoPro mount oh you're
gonna struggle that night but that is
that is the spongy's bike I've ever
owned it's great for that like do what
you need but hey don't use it as no
excuses to why you're going slow tonight
I'd like to call a vote that the weather
for every time we ride is always like
this hey
Oh got me again
I call it the finger she did
Kenny lid Kenny lead
here we go young Chris on the syndicate
v1 whoo
little dropper cute next up to the job
we got today coach RA who ye do drop and
by far the biggest sender of the fucking
season the biggie said during the season
every gray of said it
giving back going oh they're just going
cheers boys appreciate you hey guys I
told you it was bad but you don't have
to take it just think where we would be
without it seriously
we'd be also folks
they got a Spokeo I was convinced that a
spoke go then I hope I got our camera
hey I knew we waited to the cow
good line 10 good line yes good line
that's not even on me yeah
sorry bro Graham wins Pinner of the
night all right did you get it oh but
you actually like he started skidding
from here skidded all the way and then
crashed into me either way is this the
CSI reenactment Grave got to here he
breaks his back and went out he skidded
he skidded he met with Tom it's not not
the biggest chicken you've ever seen
mate it's tearing us up that is the
biggest chicken I've ever seen in my
life
do you like the things that entertain me
as a human being the world's biggest
chicken hello do you hell all right
ladies laid it low dues if anyone gets
that reference
ladies we can be friends bikers of the
round table I Knight you sir Tony the
Pinner almighty Christopher the fastest
and the loosest and you the crash-test
dummy do you see you fall out now
you're looking there's some beso on the
roof I've caught Kendall uncle
photoshoot ID for the boys ride with the
boys I come from sky what what even was
that my dad's always been the brownies
person ever know but like Chris I think
you take the biscuit I think you've got
a date in might you might even be the
fastest run fastest rider and the
tallies know how he does it move it slow
this time and I'm gonna fucking eat it
and 3G what machine yeah my boys good
ride hey guys I know I know we ride
Tuesdays and Fridays but I'm not a
Friday I'm not a Tuesday so let's go for
a banger of a drive have you got some
roof wait well this is car it's gonna
say it's pretty old this in it mate
smell the old man smell yeah how dated
is it um it has it has it wasn't what a
gift stick it's what brake horsepower is
it it's about 400 ish yeah
okay so I thought this was gonna be a
prescient book like I just was out with
Chris and Robo through the day and they
were like try to light wheelspin no no
do another
oh now it might not look like much but
trust me when I say you're about to lose
your shit ladies
are you doing right wait oh wait what
this gathers even though it looks like
just like a little box square thing but
so you are that thing is a little demon
well because I'm really healthy eating I
was like you know what I'm gonna come
home and eat something different forms
down the ramen noodles so yeah I'm
making these but I just got a phone call
for dad being like hey Tom due to come
down to my house and have dumplings and
stew which I really like dumplings and
Shu that'd be great but I'm halfway
through cooking these which only takes
three minutes to cook so introducing the
next clip I'm doing 20 miles per hour
whilst holding a bowl of noodles I don't
think this is safe don't worry dad I'm
coming for potato
he offered me again potato potato salad
no kitaro salad no I'm coming for potato
and should you yeah let's go whoo and
I'm bringing them literally bringing him
noodles before I get run over by a car
so let's keep her go on let's keep her
go on we get fed good round here what is
this it just said month month ride
madman meal and then he drinks his
Yakult
diddly look at this this is what I was
about to eat at home I finished cooking
and my dad was like you want to come for
food I was like yes Gail said she's
going mr3 come Thank You Gail appreciate
you appreciate your a lot Wow suits you
sir you got shortly arms spin around
like a ballerinas over oh you like it
you're missing the boat was gonna kill
rich yo calm oh oh oh I like no original
I get special treatment you will get the
diverse of everything wow you just
missed the family members get discount
and and and good delivery do I get
excuse me
freebies oh yes it's a female
good cream crashed right into me tonight
yes he did yes he did he was on the copy
beat and yet I just gotta say what watch
this this is this is my dad's angle of
the mountain bike crash today watch
skipper he's one of those like yes I was
in the way but like look everyone else
like I high-fived and stop my dad stop
Tony stop there to the side I think he
was oh no he was a hundred percent
slided before anybody
yeah look it already lost control by
then and a slit intimate what an
absolute sausage it's very nice to see
you okay oh this really makes me miss
the little little Scottish buggers oh no
you you it's the one thing about this
cat though it has is so it's just not
right well what a lovely night that was
nice bike ride with the boys at a really
nice chilled night and then few drinks
at the pub add some food down for dinner
at darling kales absolutely perfect and
now it's the ride home with no hands
look at me I could ride my bike with no
handlebars shout out to the the flow box
I know I know I sound rude saying that
but like Logan Paul he stole that song
drum roll oh I might as well have just
not taking my GoPro with me I didn't
realise the entire night one says riding
my GoPro was aimed down so you couldn't
see any other ride missed out so many
good moments of riding the footage that
grabs you usually was just aiming at the
ground and rather than have it unlike
super wide angle view that usually have
one I was like oh try it a bit narrower
today and Sarah isn't put it on why I
didn't just didn't pan out so I finished
out it in the vlog it's now like two
o'clock in the morning I have to go to
bed now I've gotta pack my bags go to
bed get up in the morning head to the
airport because we are indeed going to
Los Angeles for the black ops for reveal
could we see my bike CaptainSparklez
again we tried to get his Ford GT to the
event like for parking but they were
like now we're not really Parkin
whatsoever I thought with that said guys
I do have to go thank you very much for
watching today's vlog make sure you
leave a like rating subscribe and I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the
next
like don't forget I am actually going to
Los Angeles where my vlogs are
notoriously late even though they've
been pretty much late every single day
since I've got this Newman and that I
don't want to talk about okay let's just
not get into it but the vlog is probably
gonna be even later when I'm in Los
Angeles so just the heads up just a
warning I may actually be changing the
upload time to 7 p.m.
true story I've been thinking about it
for a long time just cuz it works better
for me like things always seem to pan
out in the day like around 5:00 6:00
that like take up my time and then after
like the 6 o'clock mark you know if it
never happens in my day
nothing like I'm completely free to do
whatever I want so I may be changing in
time to 7 p.m. let me know what you guys
think about that in the comments below
and I'll see you tomorrow
I just love setting us
