two actual days in a row of pure
sunshine and not an actual cloud in the
sky God nice gorgeous today
I'm waking up with more of a reasonable
time today 1:30 in the afternoon about
that Monay day LRA assault when I just
wake up no thank you
court or Ellen today alright then that
was an easy decision we're wearing the
insignia oh look at me like a little
potato wait sir
look at me I look like a wet little
potato it's time to get changed go get
some food let's start my day
how amazing is this how amazing is this
oh my gosh it's not supposed to be like
this all week is it okay good because
I'm not here on Wednesday oh oh yeah
I'll make sure I'm recording this time
again hey you know how much time and
effort 24 hours of 24 hours of secrecy
brilliant Oh such a cutie he said I know
you like God had adventures but I don't
like it when you don't tell me where
you're going
because like it say if I went off to
Germany you know how a joke like don't
get me kidney stolen well you know if I
went off to Germany I did get my kidney
stolen nobody would have known where I
was I'm again but I was just like listen
if you're going anywhere in the future
just let just write me a note on the
side I will open it and I'll write don't
open on it just so he knows that that
contains the location of wherever I've
gone putting but within in case a
situation where I don't return after a
few days you'll check it try and get
into it to me and see if I'm safe you
just love this what mate you can tell
it's similar all these flies are in the
air there so piss off you said oh you'd
like what are you trying to ruin my day
but it's time for some breakfast
at at yeah it's 10 plus two in the
afternoon right now I'm walking not
not driving in my car oh no no no I
don't know I'm not on my bike because
I'm walking so I can get more of a
sudden time to go and get the pastry
beautiful date on the beautiful day
yeah just wear all black completely all
bikie
even down to the sock
or what genius it is a Monday Alice
isn't at work it seems
hm-hmm walking past my Barber's kind of
makes me think I should go in and get
rid of this pony tail she left on me rid
off I'd rather he just didn't even see
him first of all he'd know I cheated on
him and second of all they probably
laugh at laugh at me and leave it there
feed me feed me sort it out right there
oh by the way I know this is odd I flew
all the way to Germany to get a tattoo a
brand new tattoo parlor just opened up
in the local village 272 tattoo it's a
good name this is perfect
is it much all just went where's is in
the back with that gob and I was like
cops it was that high okay that's who he
is
bye bye oh my gosh oh my gosh looks nice
that don't it
uh well Chrissy's gonna go and get re
Ella's swimming costume and they're
gonna come over to my house then go
first one where you going yes I'll take
a taxi
goober for Toms boo boo for Tom yes
please this is the perfect car for this
weather in it perfect careful is weather
and I'm I mean I made it back to the pub
not home my dad my dad decided to turn
around and come back here so he's gonna
eat his ice cream in the Sun and then
we'll go up to my house efficiency right
get to the bar bye bye Oh smooth
operator yeah glad I got that guy on
camera who's that where's Ross hello
Matt Matt hello little shape were you
hiding in the shade look at him
oh that is so cute like little mountain
sheep hello look at them there's loads
of them is this not just the cutest
thing ever
it's just so much room for activities
but I just never come down here so you
can stay being a room for activity I'm
gonna go edit my vlog has res rolled up
with a toe
in the Sun a goddamn Toblerone oh my
gosh she's so cute I'm saying it now I
think we'd make a really good gay family
we've got we've got the the the colored
guy in the relationship we have the
definitely gay guy in the relationship
and we have the 100% straight guy yeah
you could do all the cooking Chris what
do you bring to the table
oh yeah so the child yeah the most
important thing of the family the child
my figure I forgot is she been in a
hammock before oh that's super hero dad
to the rescue you know Wanda you're all
right
I'm definitely saying no we ain't moving
anywhere though oh my god the cutest
thing ever
I don't know how you'd be wearing them
geez mom a boy revealing Wow you ready
to go swimming oh my gosh it's okay
Steve she's well perplexed by that it's
Steven oh my gosh she looks so confused
it looks a little like we're dead it's
real it's real I'm so sorry
hey look what you've done
look at her she's so happy
hey this is such like a little magical
spot now but all my doors opening
everything having fun you have it
you having fun I know I know I know
that's not father/daughter goals that I
don't know what is so by the by the
viola and goodbye care as well Krista's
gonna give it back tomorrow so it was
nice knowing you and that was the last
time we ever saw that vehicle
thus it is closing time at the zoo so
nice to see Ariela if your guys like
wait how do you know this baby Chris is
like childhood best friend and Arielle
Arielle is obviously his dog and I'm a
godfather I'm one of two Godfather's I
don't know if that's common in the US or
wherever you're from booked here in the
UK it's quite a common thing actually so
I'm one of two Godfather's two Ariela so
she came up for her first ever swim at
the house which is really really nice
and was it cute absolutely not even
kidding yeah I might be getting a
back-to-back winning
back-to-back victory rails on this
screen what the actual hell are you even
serious right now what the heck dude
this screen is amazing I'm taking a
break from fortnight and you like that
I'm sat on the floor down here literally
not even on the chair understand the
hard floor when I've got an epic like
gaming setup upstairs and all that sort
of stuff I'm choosing to just sit there
so taking a break about two victories
very happy with that got to cook myself
some more bacon sausage and egg before
it goes off before I go to America and
more importantly Americans don't have
real bacon if you're American watching
this let me call you out right now your
bacon your bacon is lies you know why
your bacon is life is because it's lies
all right
you have like streaky strips of flap no
no no no we have bacon you see this you
see this this is bacon not Canadian
bacon it's not enough this is real bacon
if I made it right this time you ready I
don't think I did but is it running Oh
My lordy oh look at out about dummy self
about bloody dummy self watch it watch
it with screech Oh tell me that doesn't
look amazing you know I'm probably
assuming 99% or if not all of my
vegetarians in my comments right now I
like that does not look amazing Tom take
that new high score of 100 million if
you don't know this game is it's
pacifism on it geometry wars involved
three it's an amazing game if you've not
got it highly recommend it
Oh Tom sharp long today I actually got
so caught up getting me an LG video done
yesterday which was the sponsor deal now
today's video has nothing to do with the
sponsor do it whatsoever boy all
yesterday night at from the moment like
Chris and everyone went I just went in
sat playing fortnight I managed to get
myself to victory rolls back-to-back
nearly a third and I was super stoked
with it because when out when Chris was
recording me it was like my second ever
time playing on that screen so I just
wasn't used to it but the more and more
used to it I got the better but I'm used
to playing on a screen this big like
things like 24 inch screen but then I
went to a 55 inch screen and don't get
me wrong I was this close to it but it
just felt so much better and this is the
muscat of this video is if you guys play
on a gaming screen with a TV monitor
anything like that how big is your guys
screen and what key prefer do you prefer
like massive like 500 inch projector
which probably doesn't even make 200
inch projector I do prefer like you know
a small monitor that you can plan
because for me I've always played on a
small monitor because it's like there's
more responsive and more focus but the
better bigger TVs are getting the more
responsive they are so when you go to if
you're not a gamer here you understand
but you know that when you were to shoot
someone's head on the screen rather than
their head looking like it's that big on
the screen it's this big on the screen
so it's easier to get head shots which
that's my explanation of it anyway but I
had an amazing time playing on that all
night it was so nice to have like
Kristen Ariela and wise up to the house
cuz you know III am a godfather and I'm
not here all the time so don't get to
see you as much as I'd like I'd like to
but he's just so cute now that she's
like a truly you know responsive baby if
you guys guys have it like like family
members with kids all and just you know
you know when people were kids like you
know when they first the baby's born
it's like oh I wanna go to say I wanna
go see it but I think the baby's just
there do this
I just doesn't do anything to just
peering in everything's throwing up
everywhere but then like as they get
older you know like you can actually
talk to him enough like a communication
with them and it's so adorable and I
absolutely love it and Arielle is at
that stage now where you know you can
talk to her she listen to you she's
trying to talk back to you she's
learning and it's my favorite thing so I
feel like this is the time of her life
where I always need to make sure I'm
around more often and I definitely will
be doing so guys thank you for watching
today's vlog I'm sorry it was a short
one but just one of those things I just
want spend some time with Chris and the
family and then obviously I needed to
get the LG video doing done so thanks
for understanding much so - I'll I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. to the
next daily vlog tomorrow's vlog is gonna
be kind of casual kind of calm we're
going on a bike ride as you can tell but
on the Thursdays vlog we going back to
America so get ready for adventure and
just a heads up Sundays vlog is gonna be
pretty nutty like seriously that should
be an amazing vlog and then a Tuesday
you know I said I'm going to Ukraine
well I just got the itinerary through of
what I'm doing in Ukraine and it's gonna
be absolutely batshit crazy so just wait
and see I hope I don't die doing it and
the chances are probably will so well
we'll just see how that goes alright so
much love enjoy your week it is a Monday
get it done get it destroyed maximize
your capability of your exams
by revising not playing for tonight all
goddamn time and oh yeah see you guys
tomorrow 16th next vlog what's love sad
yes
