I'm doing the white thing again ladies
jump before jumping today's video it is
a sponsored video today we're gonna be
unboxing the brand new 2018 LG super UHD
TV LG set in me to showcase you guys so
gonna be unboxing it sent up and see
what it looks like is that sunshine I
see hope it is because it's been
absolutely miserable in the UK for
absolutely ages now Pam this is not
usually how I start my vlogs I set my
alarm to get me out of bed at 10:30 a.m.
now 4 p.m. in the afternoon and oh my
gosh it's a banger of a day I'm not even
joking I set my alarm to wake me up at
10:30 a.m. you see this toothbrush
counting device with a smiley face we'll
look at that
it's 4:10 I don't did for job not sure
why I'm waking up listening to classical
white guitars but either way it's a
probably candidate or let's put I'm
literally wearing nothing apart from
boxer shorts and these I'll put my body
in this Sun I'm gonna get booed little
baby was trying to belittle mounting
good climbing the tree it's adorable
weather like this can only mean one
thing
hammock time what I have to do night now
is girl opens it up back bedroom and
drag that television out as you know the
guys LG send me stuff all the damn time
I probably have like let me show you one
two three the home squeeze LG will I'd
Tom we see you've got like loads of
Samsung's around your house and all that
sort of stuff for your TVs but we bout
to change that the new super ultra HD 4k
TV but this ain't no monitor this is a
TV and this TVs like a badass beast this
TV SPECT out with its new improved black
levels and it's got a full array of
dynamic backlight in so they were like
Tom you need to see this TV so soon use
all the weather's really nice let's do
an outside unboxing of this and
hopefully not break it you know what I
think I need two hands to do this let me
get let me oh oh oh okay maybe I should
put this on a safer spot before I break
yet another screen your dog
Jones for that
it's TV for game this might be the
nicest set into an unboxing I've ever
had I've just cleaned off all my glass
table here which I hope doesn't smash
when I put the TV on it bought this is
where we're doing it boys I know I
dropped it again you know absolutely
beautiful it's got like a rose gold tint
to it look at it it's so nice I know the
TV had it on it as well for me when it's
inside the box you really don't get a
grasp for the size of it but look at the
size of this thing look at that it's
where I hopefully I don't stop the
screen thank you so much for sending me
this okay
it's the shades of mirror oh I thought
I'd scratched it fine details sup my
favorite thing you know when you get you
know you get a brand new phone and you
take like this the protective screen
layer off and you just do this yeah this
TV is quite literally made for
modern-day people it's got a Netflix and
an Amazon video button on it look at me
manly man man manly manly man this have
blue Philip said such a manly man
building a TV out in the Sun no I need
right now is a bear man and then I am a
truly like madly event decided I don't
really want to smash my glass table so
we're moving over to the wooden
workbench but my first piece of Lego
built which was attach the base to the
arm with three little screws that's done
now I need to do what's my next step
okay I've done this step three I now
need to attach oh whoa
and now need to attach this bad boy
pretty sure I gotta do slide this in
here like so and then click this bad boy
onto here oh my god like Lego I followed
all 11 steps look at that absolutely
beauty of this screen look how thin it
is
that's a tiny Oscar wait a minute I'm
gonna make you know I just saying about
phones I've been plastic oh yes oh why
why is this so satisfying why listen to
it no way does it come off in one all
the way around here he a cake a cake
Oh a brand-new 2018
lg super UHD key
in 4k and how do I'd know best to test
the screen monitor television then with
a Playstation pro wait a minute by
having a punk I mean I mean really
switched on with wall wait me I got I
got two more
it's like daytime outside and I'm
setting up a TV turn all these lights
off well they are supposed to be
blackout curtains but forget about it I
love this about Wii Remote like look oh
alright your TV has been located
environment home or store home ok I
think we may be set up right now program
tuning sure oh my god oh my god on door
now I only want my playstation let's get
this PlayStation rockin and a-rollin yep
I like I'll try to use the LG remote to
actually press the PlayStation buns my
apologies this is their brand-new latest
monitor so it's not like the best
picture of any quality TV that they've
ever released
so from whatever angle you're viewing it
from it looks the exact same from here
to here to here I thought it's not just
a TV for like watching your movies on
with your Netflix know your Amazon blur
but it's actually like you saw me change
the settings it's made for gaming as
well oh you better know I'm changing the
sound to game mode I'm the picture come
on - game on let's go boys look at that
look at the color look at that detail I
would say I'm about to wreck it but we
all know I'm kind of a new but fortnight
but look at the colors on this thing I
would actually like to show you guys
what fart night looks like on this game
but unfortunately the servers are broken
this screens decked out we dolby atmos
surround sound it's basically the
Crispus TV you're gonna get with the
best sound and the most lifelike picture
you'll probably ever see from an LG
monitor the blackest of black the bluest
of Bruce and the luckiest of service I
like how everyone's gonna be like
salesman Tom it's like well this is a
sponsored video but if it was a crap
product I actually wouldn't be reviewing
it sort of thing super sharp super
colorful an absolute beast of a piece of
kit but more importantly guys there's a
nano cell competition going on with LG
right now if you guys want to check it
out make sure you click the first link
of description go check it out and say
syndicate sending it more importantly if
you guys want to be awesome
go over
like syndicate sent yeah thanks for the
TV well welcome to how to root record
YouTube videos back in the day this is
literally what being Chris used to do
our G once again thank you very much
we've set up this one at me I have
really me like I address them as main
thank you very much we said it me I
really appreciate it I'm not even gonna
get killed on my first look there's
literally no input like whatsoever
I ain't fought 19 for K boys this is
what this brand deals all about me I'm
great at this game so I might not be any
good at fought night but nonetheless you
can see how light fluid the game
actually feels super smooth super sharp
and no input like whatsoever it's great
isn't it LG always hits me up he's like
yo we got something new Tom Joyner check
it out so I just said yeah do you guys
wanna learn more information about the
screen I'll leave a link down in
description
Lori had my breakfast I am a breakfast
at 4 o'clock in the morning last night
so for brunch at 5:30 at night I've got
a wheel of cheese but more cheese and
butter I don't really have anything to
cook so we're going go we're gonna go on
stack up and some bacon some eggs and we
haven't fried it is kind of days like
today that I wish out a convertible but
the defender Reno will have to do you
know for that that was a whopping three
days of the year that England's actually
warm like I just walked us over local
tesco and they were a bunch of kids
listening to the ninja pom-pom song dude
it they said a load all that and they
said Toki dues a favor
cuz it like the recognizes syndicate I
was like yeah go on what he's like if I
give you a quick can you go inside the
shop and buy me a monster and it is back
in the day you used to wait outside
shops for people to go and buy you
alcohol not Monster energy drinks so
yesterday's vlogs been uploaded
overnight ready but then I bumped into
Sean and then ended up at the pub and
now it's up by six so sorry about
yesterday's vlog being late I just
I just forgot to make it live Oh
family friends Oh have you had it
cleaned you have on you look at you
you're so happy with yourself
oh yeah I left for a cruise yeah mate we
went out in his type r and then rubbles
bag of bolts we're gonna talk about I
thought you'd seen it it's got meaning
and that girl that I met in Germany on
the plane I thought to Germany and got
tattoo if I cost me like 60 quid it's
great
we'll see each other soon okay yeah I'm
just saying captain's battles for duties
then you'll be able to be alright love
you leave ya don't scuff your wheels no
again ah it's a proper piece of tackle
Oh get this rapid the birds right now
since I'm just gonna go shy all of a
sudden way so if you're my godparents
God parents great great this is my
great-great goddaughter that's what we
make it up find out this is Spain a
great great goddaughter
yes and she's always reppin guess you
two again in the back then in you go and
you get Shawn welcome to the Beast eggs
eggs bacon everything that I need for a
fryer in there it's been sweating if
like an hour got to be good look yeah
everyone always forgot to get out the
back of this vehicle
take care she's so shy I love it Dania I
don't even know what that says if
someone could translate that for me
that'd be great Oh see you later
have a nice time guys very nice to see
you today don't you love your wife just
pans out the Sun is now setting so I'm
going to open this door I'm going to
cook myself some food and sit in that
and get a little bit more Sun before it
disappears are you ready for a live
fight with Tom place under a preheated
grill for four to six minutes turning
occasionally well hey yo but most people
go and put on like an actual tray or
something like that and then the tragus
all dirty however if you get tinfoil and
make the outside edges of the
oil like like a like a kind of mold when
that's when the bacon cooks on it
yeah then can just take this out and you
don't have to clean this why cuz it's
not even dirty this contains all the fat
and you just pulled it up throw it away
live tip with Tom everything's alright
let's not jinx it again but everything's
good right now mmm I look like a ghost
just got the email through after I sent
a text first we're going hey am I still
doing the college ooh you reveal next
week didn't get reply ten minutes later
I got an email saying that I I'm indeed
going to the black ops for community
reveal in Los Angeles and they booked
the tickets out for me to fly out there
so I'm flying out to LA business class
it's gonna be a good old time I was
really worried like it's some day I was
really worried like oh my god I've not
heard anything about the flights is it
gonna be booked is it tickets still
available on the fly like I really need
to be going out there because I might be
going up to Ukraine as well and lo and
behold it's booked we going boys we're
going back out to the United States of
America this took way way way too long
to make but I'm now gonna make myself a
bagel of bacon sandwich so we're gonna
let a little a we're gonna do a farm
layer of bacon oh look at that beautiful
then we're gonna do this is actually an
egg by the way but I accidentally left
it on for too long which I don't know if
it's still running is it
Oh what well that's partly that's part
of surprising that was supposed to be
running on the inside but it's not
and then society's oh look at those
pretty good and then to seal it off put
that on top take it over to the cutting
section over here and slice through that
bad boy oh my god just look at that I
can't expect to be ill from food
poisoning tomorrow from err not cooking
the sausage is probably what came um
we're just gonna wing it and to this
complete my night I'm gonna sit down in
this hammock which is literally only
just in the sunshine eat my dinner and
then I'm gonna go up to my room I'm
gonna do my first-ever live stream with
my new Internet I don't know how it's
gonna go I'm just
wing it and hope it's great and that
nothing breaks because it probably will
and I hope he doesn't but either way
this this mm-hmm
this is the life it's me again this was
amazing that was it 10 out of a 10 dish
I'm not even joking
that's probably the best like bacon egg
bagel I've ever cooked myself and
sausage in my life look at all those
sheep just do doing doing sheep doing
sheep it's nights like this that
make me realize this is what I build
this place you know I was saying about
cleaning oh look I have to do is this
fold it all up oh I finally managed to
get my first ever live stream on my new
Internet rockin and rollin we got a
bloody yeah we've got a 185 sub train
going on in here and we've just given
away a t-shirt on stream look at
everyone's saying GG so respectful and I
Ryan over here just said these current
words because he just bought himself a
t-shirt congratulations
I'm saying is it feels good to be back
my eyes to get myself victory all in a
single game in a jus again and in the
Thanos game three wins not bad
no too bad so this is what my near
internet is all about by the way like
when I'm streaming I'm like oh good idea
I wanna play this game but as you know
games nowadays you have to like download
them digitally you can just put your
disc in on there's always like massive
updates so when I used to have to want
to play a game I'd have to stop the
stream and then go away for like six
hours and you know download whatever it
was but because my internet is so
goddamn fast now I'm gonna test whether
or not I can download battlefield
mmm say but feel for me download the
latest battlefield on PC and see if I
could still stream in the same time okay
so I am now I'm downloading battlefield
4 as look how fast it's going up I'm
managing to still stream and it's only
gonna take nine minutes to download are
you even me I'm not even
dropping any frames I'm currently
downloading a massive game like
Battlefield
and I'm actually I'm gonna download it
in seven minutes oh my goodness me this
is unreal
this this right here is why my internet
is worth its weight in gold diamonds
rubies and whatever it amazing I've
managed to download the game last played
December 13 2014 oh my god look at it
what a crisp British morning it is right
now like it is nearly six o'clock good
morning here and yeah I'll be tired in
about an hour and I want to go to bed
but if I say like oh you know what I'm
gonna fix my sleep schedule I'm gonna
stay up today and I'll go to bed like
later tonight and just fix it you know
just stay up all day but then I'll just
be tired throughout the day I have one
more day Tuesday here and then on
Wednesday I'm flying to LA so I might as
well stick with my messed up sleep
schedule so that when I get to LA I'm
fine you know I can perfectly be on the
time schedule for LA so I ever do that
I'll be responsible and go to bed who
knows so I did decide to be a grown
adult I managed to get myself some sleep
feel kinda rested I did get up at like 2
o'clock in the afternoon so I did waste
quite a lot of my day but nonetheless
thank you very much for watching guys
this was a sponsored deal I know like I
throw these at you guys randomly bought
like those guys Algie right super help
out the channel that absolutely
incredible and you know they've got at
the end of the day don't product and I'm
like I want to do tech reviews and stuff
like that
and if they keep sending me I'm gonna
keep reviewing them so I hope you guys
understand that it's just a dope win-win
for everyone every time I try and work
with LG as well I'll try and get myself
a giveaway for you guys so as soon as I
speak to them I'm gonna try and see if
we can get a free TV to give away for
you and if I find out some more
information about that I'll let you guys
know as soon as possible but without
further ado thank you very much for
watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog and I've only got 2 more days
before I'm back in LA and more
importantly to that when I'm back out in
LA I'm gonna be doing my next day in the
life with someone which is gonna be a
really really awesome surprise really
excited for that and it should be one
hell of a day so stay tuned for that
unlike maybe Sunday of this week and
like I said if you guys wanna check out
the LG nano cell video I'll put a link
down in the description and more
importantly to find out more information
about that screen where you get it from
links will be down below go check it out
much love see you all tomorrow 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog Marissa D cross
