right well I was convinced that I'd set
an alarm to wake me up today but I
haven't it's now 1:45 I've got 15
minutes to get checked out the hotel and
I immediately have to go to the airport
well let's get rockin let's get this day
started and I just don't understand
what's going on with this piece of our
numbers Basin what are they made ignore
the fuck that muffin another nosebleed
but welcome to my hotel room this was
actually a really nice room for the
night the bed super comfy there was like
60 million lights lights lights lights
lights lights lights lights lights so
trying to get to bed at night and turn
them on off was the biggest difficult
thing ever but really nice hotel room
look the style of the color and every
time I come to hotels it always makes me
want to turn my bedroom into more of a
hotel because I've got this like brownie
like a whole new field smile and I'm
like I used to like it but I just can't
sleep in anymore
do you think I need to redecorate my
bedroom and I might need your guy's help
for it so alright no I take your money
shoes the shower because I can't shower
cuz my tattoo on my leg final check do I
have everything phone wallet passport
watch yep yep yep
let's go I'd love to say I get to
explore this town and look around but
because I slept in I honestly thought I
set an alarm for 10 a.m.
didn't I now don't have the opportunity
I'll go go straight to the airport so
next stop don't god I think I think I
nailed that Street got Airport I like
how the weather is really nice today
yeah yesterday raining I only came in
the country for one day unacceptable
unacceptable it's actually quite nice
isn't it it is beautiful okay I can't
believe it I just can't leave the
weather's nice I'm now gonna go back to
England and it's gonna be rainy and I'm
gonna be sad and depressed
but we're going we're not worried about
Manchester 410 terminal 4 suite another
interesting fact about this trip it was
more expensive for me to get the taxi to
and from my house to and from the
airport here than it was for the flight
to and from here
like that makes no goddamn sense I have
never seen so many fanny packs on
grown-ass men hey man
I know I shouldn't be judging but fanny
pack is a thing of the past
I think you should stay there very
filling up grab myself a trim little bit
of breakfast you know it's three o'clock
in the afternoon Bo oh look at this oh
yes just what I'm talking about this is
not not what I'm talking about that I
got myself a little pizza roll of salt
oh boy I'm surrounded by my people
my fellow Mancunian I'm literally flying
home to nothing but good news right now
I just got off the phone with virgin and
virgin said that man and that should be
done by the time I get home all I should
have to do is just put in some numbers
like onto my computer like login and it
should work and again a massive
shout-out to Josh who works at virgin
who turns out he's a massive fan and
he's been organizing my entire internet
all of it and he's been making sure like
any delays will I go with as fast as
possible so Josh if you're watching this
thanks me honestly I really appreciate
it like I said I like Fight Club where
everywhere we're in hotels or insecurity
we work on planes but two hours to get
home hopefully no delays or anything
like that and if I can get back quick
enough I am going on a bike ride with my
dad I'm not gonna say anything about the
tattoo I already I think I think they
know about it well I'm not too sure I
think the guests I'm in Germany but I
don't know if they know about the tattoo
you've just yet Stroger Stroger Stroger
it's been amazing and obviously more
importantly Jen thank you so much if you
guys want to go and check out Jen's work
I'll put her Instagram down below go on
give her a follow check her out work out
she's amazing she travels all over the
world doing tattoos and stuff like that
so if you ever want to get one off her
just see where she's going if she's in
your country in your town go there get a
piece of art think about what you're
gonna get don't just get made by your
dad on the back your leg and yeah
hopefully she can hook you up
typical great Manchester terminal 3 see
you next time I don't remember say timid
or furry we meet again I think I'm
supposed to say that when I'm like
coming to the airport I'll see you next
time when I'm leaving see you again
sometime but in the I've got something
to tell you so it's crazy story events
like I just got off the plane and I just
jumped on Instagram and I just like
going through it see what I saw I want
to like my childhood like best friends
Bota default or that with his dad but he
died it just passed away I was like what
I have no fucking idea I had no clue
this light is I just messaged him saying
like dude I had no idea I'm so sorry
like just sending in my love boat like
how mad is that like it wasn't that long
ago before I saw his dad and he's not my
age and he's dad passed away I'm like
what the fuck I just got on a trip to
get this tattoo that's so meaningful to
me and I get off the plane one of my
friends like dad's died
may the way the world is a weird and
fucking scary place
I could imagine lose my dad seriously I
couldn't no I don't want a date all
right well I've got to get this vlog
edited I've got about 45 minutes before
I'm gonna be home something like that
and maybe just maybe my new and it might
be working so my vlog like super quick
but that could probably be wrong home
sweet home unfortunately it's now 6
o'clock so the vlogs late I've missed
the bike ride with my dad which I was
hoping to go on the ride and he'd see
when I'm riding you know the tattoo on
the back of my leg that's how like I was
gonna break you thing what we do not
that I didn't tell my dad I didn't tell
anyone what I was doing like nobody
knows
so that was my plan of action but I've
now got to get my vlog quickly edited
because I still I've got about three
quarters of it done I'm gonna get the
rest of it edited see if I can quickly
get my new internet set up and maybe I
might be able to blow the void but it
and it's literally like my life
literally changing I've got the tattoo
that I wanted to get I got my new in it
that I wanted to do you know everything
is going in the right direction so that
is literally the point of life where
everything just goes but that's not me
being negative it's just when
everything's going good just some what
comes out of nowhere and fuck you're
rather the pussy right it's a 24 minute
vlog for yesterday it's a render Nate as
we speak it's gonna take quite a minute
to get done that's exactly what I need
right now let's go downstairs and see
what they've installed it's funnier
internet because I've got like an entire
comms room does that I Steve I do I'm
good to see you good day hey buddy nice
to see you let's have a look at what
they installed in here oh my god they
ripped apart
I'm just getting my god it's hot in here
I'm gonna assume that this is the new
thing that they've installed because
I've never seen it before let's get it
rocket let's get rolling let's see if I
can get my five internet online because
oh my god am i excited right now like
it's 6:30 right now a nut vlog if it
when it finished rendering if I was to
just click upload that I take about an
hour and a half and was two hours to
upload if I can get the internet working
it should take like three seconds so as
you could tell I'm very excited oh shit
and tomorrow's vlog we books in but
books in unboxing that bad boy
bloody hell I'm looking for right now is
my in fact this but it has the Ethernet
port on end of it you guys remember like
as part of my trouble set up
fortunately well fortunately I found it
this is exactly what I need right now so
I should be able to do is plug dines my
laptop after that pour into the new
Internet and set it up well what could
possibly go wrong of truth please
anything popping up on here let me
disconnect from my wireless oh it says
there's a public network available
obviously there's something wrong with
it I don't know how I need to do this
but I think I need to change some
properties and connect to it you you
I've actually managed to do it I didn't
think I'd be able to do it but about to
be able to do it okay yeah really
husband Tom temper speedtest oh my god
oh my god oh my god what are you gonna
say what are you gonna say what are you
gonna say oh no what's weight low speed
oh what the heck it got keep going keep
her going
keep her going keep her going
mom power gonna reach 500 fight to reach
500 going keep going keep going keep
going keep going good I'm literally
crying I cannot believe after four years
of complaining about me internet I was
like you know what there's a bad fucking
quality of life the moaning and bitching
like there's no point having money sat
in your bank account when you can be
paying for something that will literally
change your life and faster than that
will change my life my everyday
everything revolves around the speedway
internet and my internet from b-team VIP
like everyone else it's just shit they
just throwing you it's awful so you
don't want this I'm getting a leased
line and I now have 529 download 494 of
I can't wait to upload this vlog oh
actually like almost out of breath like
getting excited for this but ladies and
gentlemen this section right now to
upload this vlog would usually take me
two hours are you ready are you ready
what's that number 53 seconds remaining
yes yes
I feel sick of excitement I know it
sounds weird but like dude I could only
have a dream of that I could only ever
dream of that are you even serious this
is the better yes yes yes 14 seconds
remain until the vlogs done 14 second
eight seconds done it's now on YouTube
to process the video and get it like
ready to go live like first book oh my
god I just uploaded a 24 minute 1080p
60fps video in sick like it actually
wasn't 2 minutes it was 60 seconds are
you even kidding me I'm going down step
up now I'm going to see my dad for the
first time I'm a drink of the boys and
then I'm done for the day mate what a
freakin successful couple of days got
the tattoo sorry from random
spur-of-the-moment got me in a net side
that definitely wasn't
spur-of-the-moment but come on let's go
outside it don't
well I'm going I'm glowing
you know it's infrared uncle Ted no I
didn't film any that the reaction of me
showing my dad and everything they're
like that Tony had one King job listen
be so awesome mate no he's not he didn't
click record do it again
it's fight well dad no no no I'm sorry
having that natural reaction what does
got ruin it didn't ruin is in a sense of
he saw the moment and I loved it and it
was the perfect reaction I could have
asked for - he literally had one fucking
job I know it sound really crossed right
now and I know is it lies to show of it
whatever he's seen it but you had one
job and I've kept it surprise awful game
I know I had to do was click the card
and he didn't you're obviously what do
you think he's here what do you think
you like absolutely awesome amazing what
I did is like I walked okay I'm sorry
I've missed that but like there's the
whole point we've wanted to have a
moment to look back on it's a proper
moment right what I did is I walked out
and I came on the bike and I made it
seem like I got somewhat done to the
bike and as I look at the back look at
the bike and then I said I was like when
I'm in front of you you'll be able to
see this banging I showed him the bucket
leg and he had like a genuine reaction
alright anyway there you go mate I said
I was gonna do it you mean the world to
me seriously
sausage nice one Sean thank you very
much
I've kept it a secret for like 24 hours
I told absolutely nobody you had one job
so anyway one job what can you say when
I turn round when he gave you the camera
back and I realized it was no numbers at
the top of it rolling for me to click
stop who I've been to Germany I'm gonna
spoil it for you I'll go wait what look
at the back of my leg no some of that
breakaway right now I came here I passed
Tony my camera to film it
dad's genuine reaction in loved it did
he loved it Tony didn't click record
you can't fake it was actually dead he
was dead up it it moved it yeah he was
there whoo all right quickly look at the
back of my leg yeah I did it oh my god
that looks nice oh it can race you back
to the pub quicker but he can't film a
video all right
really fast
yeah let's change the subject Oh BAE I'm
so happy right now
it's so fast I literally said in my blog
I said I said I said I'll record it I
would I said why he's going I got my new
in there I've got this about detecting I
was like but there's gonna be one thing
I've really good now but just when
everything's going good just some what
comes out of nowhere and fuck your
retina pussy eye let's get one thing
that's gonna follow
a true moment time am i angry
yeah am I upset yeah but you know what
the stuff you don't see on camera is
like we were talking about it and all
this sauce stuff he does like it he does
a little bit okay
I'm so glad I did it I'm just really not
I didn't get on camera you know because
that was the whole point and you know I
do daily vlogging but you know the one
thing when you hang around people who
don't also do YouTube is that most of
time we film like from yesterday's video
remember I was getting tattooed you know
in the film like this and you're like
that's the wrong way you should be
filming like that you suppose we filming
like this and get the angles and get the
shot but so many people just they don't
know how to YouTube you know thanks for
making me thanks for making me he came
back to tell me how much he loves the
tattoo yep crying why did I say today
like everything that's going so so good
this is not drunken Tom because I've all
that to drinks I just got an email tell
me that Charlie I like Baker wish de-ice
passed away why say it he did like
everything's going so good you know like
as a tattoo you got a shot my dad got
the new it at there but something's
gonna happen that's found out he died
life is too short it really is I don't
even I don't have anything that he I
want to say I just I just wish I want to
Saturday hit today I just wish I would
have just shut up
done the day and that was it but
Charlie's family I'm really sorry for
your loss
I really fucked it up I seriously I'm so
sorry like cuz I'm with my dad my dad
came back he left it he's come back so
my dad's probably gonna raise my spirits
poor but here's my dad now and this is
my dad in 1970 lazy like a teenager
but literally Hey no quite literally
made bike hey hey hey what you just said
it's not it's not what you know it's who
you know here you know the ability of
your best friend making your chicking
casion began our show was thank you
where you see my new tattoo
wait wait isn't it
yeah what that's what you think I got
what do you think I got it could be
anything
I flew all the way to Germany for it
ah
sorry sorry for the record it is what it
is okay there we go
at least I got that bit of cover but
it's like 1038 I just realized I had
this message of my dad saying thank you
for tonight I was really taken back by
that tattoo thank you for helping out
with food cuz I might just get wasting
him a beer
forget I am very proud of you I've loved
this man to anyone I would say like a
regrets Tom would you not get the tattoo
again would you not do anything do it
I've killed so many people only Becky
was the first person to go why would you
do that but then when she like realize
like well actually yeah you're out there
close you dad they were like that's
meaningful so you know what yeah I made
a good decision very good decision Dada
Tom the next day okay so well the
situation is right now is I need to get
this vlog uploaded so I need to get the
video just rendering when I recorded
this clip it was like 10 o'clock and
then I did actually got end up going on
a night out
however it's a daily vlog so as much as
that is still part of my day we went out
to about 6 a.m. and there's like an hour
of footage for me to go through so
that's technically in like tomorrow's
vlog because it's the next day so I'm
gonna try and do is I'm going to piece
together the craziest night out we've
wiped my brother and everyone in
tomorrow's vlog so you have to tune in
to see what happened there cuz honestly
it's just so much footage from the next
day that I can't put it in today's so
what I'm trying to say is I'm out during
this vlog now thank you very much for
watching make sure we were like green
subscribe it was one hell of an
emotional day like from the failed to
the the news about Charlie - just
everything managed like what a roller
coaster other day you know like life is
this roller coaster with its ups and
it's downs and it's not like I can
loop-de-loops you know you get stuck in
the same place and it life can be a
really shitty place but you've just got
to always move forward and you know not
like the like when I say like positive
mental attitude it's like you I feel
like it's necessary to have that because
you know if you try and think positive
then you'll help raise your own spirits
and not just your spirits but other
people's around you you know if more
people who like of a positive vibe but a
positive nature you know obviously it's
not fake
it's like if you don't feel like you
know have a bad day but you know if
you're trying to look at things in a
positive light and in a good aspect then
you know what I just feel like life is a
better way to go living about it in a
good vibe but I just sound like I'm
absolutely rambling here but listen like
I do truly say life's too short make the
most of it I don't mean it like even if
there's days where I'm sat around doing
absolutely nothing these days where I'm
going out to drink alcohol killing my
brain sounds like I'm going doing
whatever it is that I wanna do that day
if I want to stay at home all day
and you know that's what I choose to do
and I'm making the most of my day the
way I want to do it it doesn't mean that
you have to go out and do things but
it's it's the attitude of well why not
go out and do things why not I actually
go that extra mile why not push yourself
to achieve more and strive for something
like like more exciting your life are
better for your life or better for other
people around you and that sort of thing
so on a note of striving for better
things I have to say this right now if
you're going through any exams right now
do not panic just take your time the one
thing with exams is you can return to it
but the best piece of advice I give me
I'm gonna do a true video about this on
its own is if you just knuckle down now
and get it done okay
I don't you might blow it all off so
sure I'm gonna play video games to
little realizing don't be a dick I'm
saying is if you just get it done now
you won't have to deal with it again and
the thing is that the one thing you
don't ever have to do is have to resit
an exam or rego back and do it I'll be
held back because you got to redo it all
because you didn't take the time to put
in that night you know energy and effort
to achieve what you need to achieve in
life and I know there's a million in ten
different circumstances Beauvoir at the
end of the day you need to put in the
time he's put in the energy if you've
got like 16 hours of X play video games
use one of those hours instead to do a
bit more revision to do a bit more
concentrate you know like get get shit
done
get your exams passed and get excited
and you'll be fine guys I have to go now
so thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
and I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next heir vlog I will actually
try and do like a full talk about like
exams in like the best practices that I
hadn't help and stuff like that see if
it helps you guys out but we'll just see
how that pans out okay so much love and
I said yes
