what is this no sunshine
everyone's between me Oh Tom in the UK
it's so hot it's so warm it's so nice
yeah in that great I come back it's
great it's miserable it's windy dassies
Bing dick it's a new dawn it's I'm tired
my body still hurts but we've got to go
pick up my mom welcome to a new dawn and
a new day solutely mediocre in the UK
right now everyone's been telling me oh
the UK so warm Tom it's so hot it's like
amazing you need to come over and check
it out yellow like Mike mom and it looks
like shit Alice's birthday so we're
gonna go and give her a gift we're going
for dinner oh we're going someplace god
Slattery's if you guys remember I went
to there the first time Olivia it's like
an amazing like it's like a chocolate
Haven it's like it's like the Willy
Wonka Chocolate Factory of the modern
day so we're gonna go off there go and
pick up my mom and my mum's my mum's
currently locked inside my sister's
house but she has the keys but she's
still walked inside so we're gonna go
investigate that situation cause I
thought I think I just realized I need a
shave a bit better
clean-shaven ready to rock and roll when
I say rock and roll I mean rock and
stroll that's I do in any row bleep
oldies today we have arrived at mother's
house her front door is wide open I'm
not too sure why don't know where she is
and what she's doing she should be
coming outside it and he's I'm not
shaking because my muscles bottom is
because the steering wheel like just
kind of shakes it's kind of like Luke's
dog it's got like anxiety problems or
some shit
here's mother mother mum
welcome to heaven this place is
literally chocolate heaven
oh my god I'd rather take a lift to be
honest because my legs are broke Oh so
before we get into Alice's birthday
we've got an update off the police
basically
Steve Winter is gonna get away with
crash
is Laurie into the side of us is wagon
into the side of us
so yeah the police it won't be pursuing
it because they said it would not be in
the public interest to pursue this minor
damage collision or other related
offenses there will be no further police
investigation pending further
information which would assist in his
investigation so basically the fact that
we caught him driving on his phone he
crashed into the side of us and drove
away from the scene of a crime the
police aren't gonna do anything about it
so I respect their decision and all that
but it does say some along the lines
that we could take into a small court or
like takes it like civil action and I
think we're gonna do that so let's do
this 20 she's 27 years old 27 years old
what's your favorite thing about her
your favorite thing about your daughter
Oh officer what's the worst thing she's
just like Oh
or a bitch lights the rats right banging
it on you wait she's here
haha okay so um a sandwich of the week
fishing the boy this just looks too
intense
a mermaid milkshake oh my god that makes
me feel sick and a pirate mansion take a
large potion on America's not chocolate
fudge cake serve well what if you manage
to reach all this without the help of
your friends you will be rewarded with
the slattery chocolate medal and the
hundred grand box of handmade chocolates
in case you have not had enough
chocolate so they're challenging you to
eat it Wow uh nope do you have a cab wow
I bet there's some fuzzy this isn't
awkward okay I've got more of I got dude
I feel like I fit better in it's way too
good like I'm so happy birthday to you
Alice bo5 oh hey hey hey high five
you're waving that oh good on a birthday
I'm getting there oh this is the new
partner mo action
oh well well I bet she loses the Twitter
man cries yeah Alice ordered a a hot
chocolate but here cuz it's a chocolate
company it's not like out of chocolate
it's it's just a puff pure melted oh my
god that's like drinking Nutella all
right I believe you
white chocolate milkshake tape tape
taste test to me I was like oh my god
this looks incredible hi before you wait
what no excited three different times in
is it there as it is it dice open it
open it oh it's a box in a box
did I get ya
he's nice no I have to say this right
now I've got all these chocolate cakes
and milkshake a laughter on the way and
a scone and I'm floored there was a nice
breakfast thank you I'll try be there
I've got going up before get it so I'm
now limping
timbi defender gonna get home get the
ball get it run round to my dad's house
and try not blow the video and fingers
crossed maybe have it up on time or late
by say 10 15 minutes scratch scratch
that scratch the entire thing I just
said I just put in google maps how long
it's gonna take me to get home from here
50 minutes minimum minimum 50 minutes I
reckon an hour so the vlog is definitely
gonna be like sorry about that I'm gonna
give away free t-shirt all you got to do
is mmm
leave the world's most random comment
you can leave 50000 comments if you want
but on the end of your comment you have
to put your Twitter and I randomly
scroll through tomorrow and just pick
someone at random to give away free seem
to get original t-shirt - there's my
penalty
you guys get free shirt sois not
everyone gets one I'm gonna pick one
person just before everyone starts suing
me being like you're busted you said so
one t-shirt giveaway to one random
person leave your comment now oh sweet
home my new neighbors are here little
babies oh no good them they have no idea
that one day they've gotta be cooked
wait
you try to climb a tree what dad did I
just yeah what what
it's a mountain it's a tree goat I'm no
genius but I don't think he's supposed
to be starting her head Steve so when
you just get him off I'm gonna just eat
him a low booty you bits you since I've
been home yet yeah well your cool looks
good we look a little bit tired
okay okay okay are you kidding me
Jacky's of skidded to come not doorbell
it's not a doorbell stop pressing it
you're always supposed to press it once
you talk right I mean one second
I've got ready I write this look up you
pressed even look how it rings like they
didn't come in the house and you can
speak to people you know what I mean or
not like you know that decision
yeah because well I think knitting it
and I might try to speak which keep
putting the phone down an answer before
and because of our time frame man she
just threw me I'm gonna take a poo and
delay the entire process longer thing is
uploading I'm gonna get me killed chop
my shoes no no we're going out for
Alice's birthday dinner my god dad like
I always say so I love to no one else
I'm alright babe you get UK leave it out
in the Sun oh I like it I have a new
idea honestly
yep Debit I want my new internet so
goddamn bad and I'm pretty sure
everyone's sick of hearing about it but
I did get an update that hopefully by
Friday
it will be in I ain't older my breath
because they said they said last time
it'd be finished by the 24th of April it
is now a night for me and it's still not
done but if it can be done by Friday
okay you are sundown yeah I am I'm
growling than you I'm wrong I am so
proud of than you yeah yeah I'm a bad
you like how he tapped it so I won't why
you're busted hey dud I don't make you
still watch the vlogs anymore but I'm
gonna tell you this right now do you
know what my dad needs to do he needs to
man up yeah it's down that door yes
don't know if I could have got you to
fall for that
moose the Baron eatery I think this is
it this way watch your step
come on come on come on come on ah we
have found the right location I have got
the grand Papa to his destination get in
well look at this you would think it
what the heck is that can sorry is that
what you just said candles candles I'm
gonna hide by the way I didn't even say
hello to the vlog I said I said hi to
her in person but that I didn't say it
in the vlog then it didn't happen
hi stranger nice to see you welcome to
up Amil home of dinner stone restaurant
and bar which is where we're going
tonight for Alice's dinner oh oh oh this
this is a didn't it's not a doll
trophies too much drama it's not I'm not
why call me Donald Trump I don't my I
dunno okay okay Thomas drew my name
Jessie's oh this is fun see oh I like
this
oh really no 15 times come on do it
so the way this is work we've already
ordered our food so we don't even need a
menu apart from drink it's gonna come
out starters I've got some prawns in a
stink on the way down off you go Oh sue
okay
you got people attend oh my what
I don't know you ever pick this spot
tonight holy bleep I don't know why I
keep doing a sake
whoever picked this spot is it you so
fine looks so good if the food's bad
dumb bringing your ass down but I got
some king prawns I don't know why my
king prawns or a sat on cue come this
book Shum womp
oh my god is good I got it wow this is
good holy look they're nice no seriously
I mean it that well nice look at that
nice what did you order
do you sir it's got a bit of salmon leg
something kitchen - Alice - this is what
the heck is going on there
wait what he has he said if I refuse I
will say this right now this steak is
that black it looks like it's been
thrown in a charcoal burner and then run
over but I take
a ribeye special about that dinner was
actually so nice and that state was so
nice along with my Franz you know what
I'm giving this place a 9.5 I'm give it
seriously 9.5 wait you're now a 10 night
mark we're giving it all so much that
was amazing usually the UK steaks are
absolutely terrible that ribeye was
absolutely gorgeous
even though I said I didn't like he was
run over could he was so black about
what we should black for the pepper
peppercorn sauce was amazing everything
was costing over they loved it when we
walked in the name of the restaurant is
dinner stone I'm gonna I'm gonna even so
an audio clip of me going dinner stone
and that was amazing
I'll try to miss the head pin with her
back
make me clearly I'll make a wish you
gonna make a real way to stop smiling
with your eyes okay yeah does it like
India birthday beatdown
27:27 joined it above a good look and it
took that you can't way you Cobb way you
calculate but we all can you got a guess
the bill
I record at least 350
I reckon 350 says three seven five to
seven stomach Donald's bill deal all
right they should final answer grab that
how much trick he's gonna be all of it
I said 350 320 specifically 65 cents
okay done sold in the books we'll find
out what is the bill there's no see whoa
so therefore she's closest by 65 feet
you get to paint this place is so nice
but look we're in the private room back
here but look at this I've never ever
been here before that you know it
existed book it is absolutely gorgeous
the music out here is calm and then you
walk into the party room it's like a
2012 the house party yes
Ken's ready Manchester here we come
smooth operator in the corner girls like
Nam okay thanks okay bye birthday vlog
we liked I drink with God and because
God is our bike oh where we drink with
god I hate the fuck is it wait is it
ready
gondol it's raining it's spreading
everybody in you don't get that
reference you can not to be my friend
we're currently walking to get to the
cars but I can hear a prominent voice in
the distance oh hi then Oh
them they walk in they talk gals gals
fits in a hair up oh I don't know a
girl's doing she's pissed
hey get back your bust stop just
sneezing his way home
get back you bastard Oh whoa chill out
you well she been drinking granddad got
pollen effect in his nostrils he at
least needs 15 times on his well use
your handkerchief
I believe how much is too dirty
granddad's I've compiled that he wants
to go down to Manchester against a bird
why literally just typical England just
gray you're miserable and you know on a
shit windy roads lots of small turns and
all that they're lazy life to live I
don't think I could live there full-time
I like going out there for like a week
two weeks at max and the more time I
spend out there it's like everyone just
gets in the route into it put your
seatbelt on
I can hear the BP sorry but at least 10
minutes away from your house yet you
bastard come here come come come come
here all right you get it okay all right
love you buddy watch the granddad
approached the front door we make sure
he enters the property safely he's in we
can go goodbye dad dad dad see you later
mate
hey trust him but eggs out of bevy or
two it might fall down them steps gonna
have to buy him a bungalow soon thanks
for driving
preciate you tell a five-star rubra
driver right there thank you love you
love you upload yo drive safe like joke
cause mommy's the best
I still can't move my legs holy shit I'm
wobbling and you know I was so pissed
off about yesterday's vlog being late
and the day I've had the past two days
of vlogs being like that I just said
suck this he's always 12 o'clock at
night I'm sitting down at the blog don't
look at this dedication to the game if
you are not subscribed to this channel
you're not par the biggest and strongest
family on the internet that you're
missing out honestly if you've got any
people you want to invite your friends
your actual family to subscribe and be
part of the life of Tom then feel free
to do because I tell you this right now
I'm not sure if I sent in the vlog but I
may have lined up my next Dana life with
someone you know like so I did it with
CaptainSparklez recently
check that link in the description it's
basically where I spend the day with
someone and just go around doing
whatever they do for the day and I've
literally almost this course like 99%
got confirmed the next person I'm gonna
be hanging out with in Las Vegas so I've
got a really really dope opportunity
coming up and I'm really excited to
share with you guys so honestly thank
you for watching this vlog guys I know
you don't have to I'm not forcing you to
some days they're boring some days are
short some days are late but you know
it's just me filming my day my life and
show me to you guys and I'm so glad you
guys took your time out of your day to
watch it so honestly thank you I love
you leave a like rain subscribe but
holding that burp it forever that was
really disgusting follow me on Twitter
at Pro syndicate follow me on instagram
at syndicate and I'll see you tomorrow
for a new dawn and a new day so much
love as adios and thank you for watching
I couldn't ask for a better internet
family seriously you guys are absolutely
incredible and we've been through thick
and thin I've had a drink I've got a
boat you know I'm not gonna make this
one of those five-minute outros where I
just talk for hours but honestly thank
you for your time you do not have to
spend it here but you do so thank you
much love and goodbye
