I'm gonna click render right now and the
video is 55 minutes I'm so sore from
yesterday flippin heck I can only
apologize for yesterday's vlog being
late but I truly had no idea from my a
car to the gym to all that I filmed so
much footage that is potentially one of
my longest vlogs I've ever done and I
sweet don't be like hey it's gonna be an
hour late today no let's give me about
three hours late I've made my bed I've
kind of tied in my apartment that this
here is just I need to take it to a
proper dry cleaner because as you guys
know when I clean my clothes in the u.s.
I shrink them so I'm gonna take them to
a launderette to get done the light is
back for travelling and ready to rock
and roll Los Angeles it has been awesome
I shall return another day for another
adventure you've been legendary and if
some are my keys still work by the time
I get there I'll be just as good
alright Scott rocked and I'm wrong all
day and we got a plan today I'm gonna
talk to you in my reflection because
that's the weirdest reflection ever but
we have a plan the plan is to go
downtown to the offices alright
everything that we need with Ruby do you
know what this is actually weird wrap
everything up there see we get some
lunch with Luke he may want to go and
look at a Tesla so we'll see about that
but if you not just wrap things up for
the office make sure I've got all my
stuff make sure I'm ready to go to the
airport and then nine o'clock tonight
I'm flying home to England so America
soon aboot Tom mr. Toman that is me yes
yes please just thank you okay I don't
know about honorable but sure the honor
is mine my last day in Los Angeles so
it's time for one last coffee at
Stumptown oh my goodness mean these look
so good today I'm gonna get one of these
these walk lowly Road ternoon
new rights over the last time we see
this 3bd office I think I choked me
that's bullshit I thought this might be
the last time we see this this 3bd
office because we're moving into the new
one by the time I NEX come out it bought
that could be a lie I think I'm actually
coming out here next week seriously
because I'm only going back to my
sister's birthday but the college Yui
community event reveal or whatever it is
that's in like less than a week or
something I've been invited to it so and
maybe how Bucky super quick so I'm okay
with that
oh my lord
dude can we get an I think we have an
Ellen I use the elevator please I'm
pushing through and I keep doing
stretches all the way throughout the day
just to kind of like loosen them up pop
oh my god
this is tough all right time to find out
who stole my office oh you guys it this
one guy I'm lucky that I'm leaving today
that I don't need that office anymore so
go I'm retiring it I'm taking down the
side comes quick it's nice to see one
person working over there
meanwhile they're all just that plain
for tonight like what are you playing
for tonight as well hey Josh you should
good performance reports to come in soon
16 hours it took to print oh I mean you
were supposed to built me by now I'm
painting me waters going on oh yeah oh
you were supposed to put I can't believe
you admit to not painting that one is
also yeah go on how many can you do one
two three extend your arms for five 43
44 45 46 47 48 49 50 older wobble Oh
baby
smash 50
I can not honestly do a push-up with my
arms like that I've always been like if
like a flare down it's a no it's an
office challenge come on it's an office
challenge
come on you get $50 if you beat him $50
if you beat the 50 push-up challenge
that should be the challenge whoever can
do 50 pushups perfectly the fastest and
then we gotta get yes shut up why you
got your muscles you someone's in here
benching benching one hundo in here like
I could technically I could technically
live that cuz I could bench 135
yesterday I actually can't get over the
fact that I'm gonna be leaving this nice
weather to go back to England where it's
been even nicer than Los Angeles that
actually has but then the problem is
it's gonna start raining anyway
a timeless so oh whoa they got a
barbecue oh I'm gonna mess with that
actually I don't know if I wanna mess
with Ashley they've got all these fresh
sandwiches fresh barbecue out there and
instead I'm eating this robot because
it's just so good like honestly I love
sushi
oh and again today is yet another day
that I'm not Frank I don't feel fresh
and rested again yeah dude at 4 o'clock
in the morning I've got phone call my
bank your credit cards been closed I was
like no it hasn't that was actually me
probably all those $1 bills has been at
the strip club but no they were like did
you take like literally 24 rubies in the
past like 24 days like 24 hours was like
yeah so they're a mere 4 o'clock in the
morning to check it well so yeah and no
the night's owner like we're interrupted
sleep I've not had a good night's sleep
this entire town of Illinois I feel like
shit just eat my sushi a ghost um I'd
like to invite you to pirates weekend so
this is Luke explaining what Pirates
weekend is so in Beaufort North Carolina
they have big weekend yeah I did parents
weekend and they talked about it
Blackbeard's
it's worth if I feel had a house and a
couple other pirates and people just
dress up like pirates and they put
inside weekend entire weekend we go and
something that my friends have been
doing for yeah we've been doing for
years but I was like but I've never
thought about inviting and I was like
someone just text me like hey we're
still on for pirates weekend right what
is it
August Oh August
I could probably book the a time about
calendar now yeah dude
pirate hmm alright yeah the legs are in
that much pain this is the easiest way
to get around oh shit defeated by a blue
wire
goodbye 3bd next time I come back out
again we will be in the same other Oh
bye bodies I love you my friend but we
will be in the same office next time I'm
here
oh god this is a dude this is where I
fuck up you ready don't i accidentally
pick up yours when i leave yeah no man
it got different bags oh sweet that was
a good that was a good trip that was a
good talk Luc's now taking me for walk
the best milkshake in LA you know what
I'm okay that I've got five hours before
I fly so Kippur oh and any time to get
there
I probably somehow still missed a flight
but poorly your time together so I'm
very excited about that and it's time
for milkshakes book really good talks at
the office then a lot to do what to go
over really exciting with the new office
move and stuff so you guys keep your
keeper keep your eyes opening your nose
nose is twitching I don't know if that's
the same I don't think it is but I've
got big things in the works so let's
make them happen
thank God I read my tweets if you don't
want a person to get you bad for me
there someone just reminded me because
I've like one forgot my bag all my stuff
light traveling that's how I always like
it
what's the one thing I have to bring on
this trip Lydia's coal I bought it oh
for Christmas I like you know just cuz
we broke up doesn't mean I'm not gonna
take her in Kobach it's hers so I have
to go back to the apartment which means
going Caroline out of the way to get my
coat then to head to the airport so
thank you for reminding me I mean find
out whose name it was Aaron Duffy you're
a legend thank you
this is also baron book me and Luke he
doesn't even have a clue Stephen Morris
we'd like to wish you a very happy
birthday
I just looked at my Twitter and your dad
tweet me saying it's your birthday
tomorrow so very happy birthday to your
dad I just randomly saw you to me
and me no Steve happy birthday man your
dad is a legend gave you a little shout
and this is not gonna happen every day
so don't go parents come tweeting in
everyday okay but there you go much
lower for all so don't do that don't do
too much of an LA when I'm with Luke eat
food oh I was gonna get my laptop I got
the cathode and get stolen but we're
we're stop right there Boober this is
the best milkshake I'm gonna have an L a
one of if that's okay I'm gonna go
strawberry them stars I had vanilla at
Whataburger and what there was a bitch
of a burger but the milkshake was bombed
that's a luke word by the way that's him
rub it up for me that shit was bomb dude
it was was it bomb dude dude yeah I
can't say that anywhere in the world
kind of get arrested great power comes
great responsibility
Luke actually just came up to me and
said uh I think you're made of over
height they don't say that why don't you
say that I said that yeah you can say
that I say hey don't be a little bitch
be a mighty good
I think this to me okay reaction
reaction reaction says these eyeballs
really not good oh my god thumbnail how
to orgasm in Los Angeles
Oh crying not good what did you hear
what did you get Oh coffee milk Oh
strawberry milkshake taste test from top
round roast bit roast beef
why does it sound like a place episode
okay
it's pretty good but it's honestly one
of the best milks is rad
but you know why it's not the best quiet
time it's got real strawberries in it oh
yeah
come on oh I like I'm you know like real
struggle right into orders for food I
didn't know he's got real busy is that
you know what no no no no I'll tell you
what it's nice wait is this gonna have
coffee beans in it no no no no no that
this is a nice milkshake I think it's
far from the bass no no no it's not too
far from the best if it didn't up the
bits the bits in it
this is amazing right it is good it is a
this might be better than coffee one see
if you like strawberry bits that's their
problem the best milkshake in LA to me
I don't like bits I'm not making fun of
your car ten outta ten for parking loot
there's literally no one else here and
you still manage to back it up oh really
what in the disabled spot because I'm
pretty sure that's on the lime dude
okay maybe I've been a bit harsh on you
doggy
oh I know I haven't don't like it I
don't like the doggy looks like it's
struggling the eyes will pop out its
head
no Cadogan okay maybe you've grown on me
okay no why did you have to ruin every
moment current mood doggy on my lap dog
on my lap Westwood episode 3 doggy on my
lap yeah you
I've spent a solid 6 days - a full week
- one with this man right here I'm gonna
maybe back in town town next week and he
won't be here so I'm gonna have to
replace Luke hey Who am I gonna replace
Luke with CaptainSparklez but he's a
ripped dude with no bid the opposite of
you what am I supposed to do I'm not
rich yeah yeah you're big-boned you were
sleeping hey are you waving goodbye with
your ears
cuz that's kind of cute actually well
I'll see you later rock rapscallion you
know what this is beating me fire alarm
going off with something or should I hit
should I not be getting in the elevator
right now if I get in this elevator and
get stuck in it
I miss my fire taste the fire does not
closed on my floor so I guess all's good
in the hood and look companies like
flames just bellowing through the floor
all right Lydia quit what
where is it by the way
like genuine genuinely where is it
serious ever put in here
aha I did thank God
quick freshen up t-shirt change dieldrin
on next stop England the by apartment it
was pleasure at love yet leave your AC's
definitely off we're good to rock Amell
I say I like travelling like home this
is the biggest the biggest for theists
coat ever I can't put it in this
rucksack so I mean we're gonna have to
wear it I don't have to carry it
it's probably the last time I'm gonna
see the Sun for a long time
England's about to be miserable as hell
but alright let's let the chaos begin
it's time to get me through this Airport
I am here with way more than enough time
it's currently half past seven and my
flight is at half past nine I actually
turned up to an airport on time for once
okay okay okay okay
I am indeed traveling business class so
this should be quite nice I get to
access though longe get some food get
some drinks in me and have a nice
relaxing flight
I am super tired from working out
yesterday so I'm hoping just to just to
sleep on the entire plane
sorry about that book it's just the way
it is Heathrow 935 gate one for a left
road that's a shocker my bag didn't
actually get searched Thornton's all
right and I'm trying our best to protect
the co of like top colorful orphan so it
doesn't get damaged or anything so if I
Ramanujan somehow get this home
successfully and don't forget it on the
plane very happy I'm almost confident
this is exactly where I'm supposed to be
going all three champagne free wine free
everything but oh my god this lounge is
absolutely aramis gonna lunge 756 935 is
when I leave
may I got ages to go always have killed
I'm not sure what like potatoes shrimp
no bread potatoes healthiness what is
this what is this resist what you got
oat more healthiness your man needs
subsidy you know what I do need
substance but at the same time on my
plane I'm gonna have a meal on that so
it is really bad I'm gonna have a nice
glass of
Fannett a oh my god it's bright orange
Christie okay rather than documenting
this lounge for the 15th million time
like I already have done I'm gonna go
ahead and do sit in the chill area like
everyone's yourself on chairs like this
it's like wow I'm just like that but is
like a quiet area so I'm gonna go over
there well for dinner tonight I guess
I'm going to be having that scallops
sounds pretty nice with them all that
couldn't be might sounds pretty good for
also that roasted salmon with
cauliflower rice I like it I've got a
bit though I did just have a curry in
the airport lunch and it was pretty good
so I'm pretty cool not applying ice to
try and sleep on this flight as much as
possible because when I wanted it could
be the next day in England because of
the time difference so I don't not want
to be exhausted I do not want to be
tired I just want to be fresh so good
fine Los Angeles my school next time I
will be back in like one week it took 11
hours for me to fly from England to LA
but for me to fly it back it's not gonna
take me to him I was it's good to be
nine hours of 47 minutes that's pretty
good so I might watch like one or two
films pass out wake up feel fresh who's
that mother flick this down
shit come here
I was like doing shit all over again oh
it's almost imagine let's begin the
descent you've got a pretty big project
no it's not destiny it's just a book
I've got work a pretty big project that
could be huge and there's a big names
behind it so I'm very about focusing
right now on this like 9:00 hour journey
go for I've got a whiskey and coke
I've got scallops which I was gonna say
they look that's look frozen still book
looks amazing nonetheless and I'm
listening to the xx's new album I had no
idea they have it but I guess what I'll
be joining also a shout-out to the homie
right just man who's one of the airplane
staff you came over he was like hey Toph
I've got excuse it's like your first
ever minecraft series you first have
like black ops video he said he got him
to do what he does because of me in
trouble and I was like that's fuckin
awesome
so it really nice to meet you might give
you done
I'm sure I'll see you in the next nine
hours of being on this plane book if you
happen to see this video good I did as
hungry as I was at the airport I can't
regret having a career because I'd
ordered a steak a steak on a plane I
just said so after I'd must die I'm so
full for my career and we have to say no
to the steak so I got rid of my main
meal I know what an idiot
cheers to sleeping let's just let's just
pretend I fell asleep they've all I
missed the meal and I won't feel bad
about saying I don't want to instead
okay
Cheers temples into a bit of chance the
Rutland I've actually been asleep
nonchalance
I am I know a few of these sounds well
not a lot so I'm going to try listening
to his whole album and hopefully not in
a rude way I fall asleep because I am
super tired and I'm hoping fill us into
his songs for a bit of inspiration for
ideas like if he says something if I
hear a word that I like because I've got
a quote with an entire branding campaign
for a product so oh they're more about
it soon until then I'm gonna try and
sleep
I just left the like six that was
straight
I've only got one hour left before will
I'm diggin London and I have quite a
nice little breakfast here I'm going to
eat absolutely none of this eat this and
be confused by that because I don't
actually know what it is got a cup of
tea so Cheers
it tastes like ass it did actually say
the weather was nice in London to be fed
doesn't seem that impressive I say that
just because then when I go back to LA
and it's nice I can be like nananananana
cos my entire time in Los Angeles
everyone everyday was tweeting me how
good the weather was anything wouldn't
another having barbecues and drinks and
the Sun and I was just like yeah thanks
guys really appreciate that I don't I
don't go doing that when I'm in the Sun
in LA to the people in London or for the
people in the vlog I just film what I'm
doing put your bastards Taysom but it
might not be that study in England but
it is half I just put this jacket on it
I do not know why I did so onto the next
flight to Manchester and make my way
home in between the stress of that I've
got to get my vlog get edited and it's
like half of us for now or four o'clock
or whatever so I have to get my I'll get
it in for six o'clock don't think that's
gonna happen
interesting fact without making it weird
if you guys had ever seen like Ocean's
eleven twelve thirteen you know the bad
guy out of it
he owns the first casino in the movie he
stood right behind me I'm not gonna try
and be weird and sleekly filming because
that's just weird but I just wait to
like you know he's behind me and he's
really nice because loads people come up
to it comes with an Aston proposed they
said yes every time so and Here I am
spoiler I obviously made my flight to
Manchester but I'm in the back of a taxi
right now editing the vlog the
dedication is so real I've only got
about two to three percent match before
this switch is off but I've got the
majority of the other done so yeah I'm
really sorry that it took me so long to
get out guys I completely forgot like
the time that I landed from LA was 6
o'clock so I planned to sleep on the
plane not edit on the plane so if I
would have edited I would have been set
but unfortunately I just didn't have the
idea of the time I needed sleep
otherwise for the next week of being in
England must sleep schedule would have
been brewing so hope you understand I
have to end today's vlog here make sure
you leave a thumbs up subscribe
ding done at notifications if you're not
subscribed didn't ever see when a new
post a new video unless you follow me on
twitter at pro syndicate and on
instagram at syndicate so make sure you
follow me that would be done inscription
as an amazing time in LA it was a really
really really awesome trip I can't wait
to go back and I can believe that I'm
gonna be going out there so quickly I
probably wouldn't have even booked that
trip to go out there knowing that I'm
gonna be out there so quick like I could
have been back in England whilst the
weather was also do everyone was having
barbecues but yeah like I got an invite
to the college you he black ops for
community event so they're flying me out
there I'm gonna go out there check it
out come back home endure yeah there'll
be a little adventure frozen by the way
I might actually go into Ukraine so
we're not sure what that's about more
information soon but they don't watches
the rock vlogs from Ukraine
maybe a Ukrainian meet up I don't know
it sounds like a good idea we were like
writing but I'll see you guys tomorrow 6
p.m. of the next day my blog hopefully
it should be a fun time with no problem
but mmm I always seem to get it uploaded
on time better when I'm out of the UK
rather than being in the UK because I
still don't have my super faster than
that so all right I'm going gotta get
this finished I just love I said yes
