would you just look at that view and
feel that Sun do you feel that Sun on
your face right now
mother of God is it a nice day in Los
Angeles right now I'm trying to intro
this being like well look at this I got
my blog up on time and this guys won't
shut up what I don't know how I kind of
look fresh right now because the
struggle place is still god damn real
I'm so tempted to push the vlog from
10:00 a.m. in LA to 11:00 a.m. so 7:00
p.m. in the UK because coming in at 5:00
a.m. and having to get the vlog up by
10:00 a.m. it's killing me it's very
thick like killing me first of all
problems like right Luke word but I did
it
god the vlog up one time if you're
watching this right now click the
subscribe button ding dong the bell you
get notification 6:00 p.m. every day
whoa there lumberjack boy whoa Stricklen
last night and I'm proud of it cuz it
was terrible
sauna bitch everyday I want to go back
to England round oh yeah we are right
way ok that's in Venice so go that party
that's right yes time to get fat at that
Burger small/medium
extra extra extra extra extra not I
think you should cancel your order and
try that oh my goodness me
the x-x-x challenge let's go on the wall
man get it done I don't know a burger
with what strength it definitely looks
like a proper piece of meat but it
doesn't look tasty in and out is so much
about five guys as a thousand times
better
all right that's a basic you can have a
comment wall right now which is the best
burger of all time and I know
oh fuck guys you know what actually I
think Five Guys is the best burger
double cheeseburger back at fights got
the hair product to need luckily luckily
didn't bump into the person who cut my
hair that would have been a all quite
there's a little bicycle riding club
down there I should I should go and get
him
yeah I need to go over the helmet me and
look like is this a new style was
filming but like zoom in Empire strips
back it's either a promotion for a pawn
or there's a strip club round about some
stuff that you do can't know about
so I'm gonna sit here I'm Luke well we
actually managed to be up with a homie
from Alton and he's now speaking to the
manager of the store and I basically get
to get anything I want and get 50% off
so time for a big shop you get 50% off
all saying this clothes you make the
most of it I brought half the goddamn
shopping I think I've ever owned a
salmon that pink could t-shirt in my
life but you know what I think I will
today you just you just can't go wrong
with an all saying share money look at
it Oh belly yeah straight up my favorite
t-shirt or than syndicate original it's
just the All Saints in shirt like it
feels so Kaka like broad shoulders and
it just fits
so good honestly the way this all came
about I was just like we were just
talking at the office he was like oh All
Saints I know a guy who works there was
like idea as like it's my favorite I
don't want scenic original where that
was like oh but even touches like the
global brand ambassador and I was like
sure and that's why it led to this is
you can tell my color palette palette is
a fascinatingly large right that's why I
threw that the pink in there you know
but a bit of mix-up compared shorts
about 10 t-shirt 10 t-shirts and then I
think a jumper in there somewhere
I'm leaving the jeans just because like
the a nice but yo fan of the diesel well
I'm like that I'm that simple guy of
like once I find the one thing I like
I'll buy ten pairs of that like go
figure
I'll buy temp has that and then I'm good
I don't need to think about game or the
ones are where to go I know where to go
I know what's good I don't know where to
find it so pretty successful if you
wants me just got $1,000 worth of All
Saints half-price the homie Ollie thanks
for the hook-up brother appreciate it I
now do not have to do any laundry he's
up to Oakland clothes
Rodeo Drive this this is where the
money's act now there's a shop with a
Pagani parked outside a I can't see it I
don't know where it is I can see see
some sort of funky cast thinking out
there which things like a Lamborghini
but I don't see no Begay I've actually
never been here before like I've never
seen that building before we got we got
all but what is that got McLaren I think
him got McLaren parts outside a police
car oh yeah who kill him I've actually
never walked up and down this road it
just it literally just screams Monday
but I've never had a reason to come here
until I got a 50% discount
just discount code and then I was like
yeah I come can't find the guy I'm sorry
I like y'all dumb yeah they so cool I
don't have a clue on that yeah
oh hey oh hey is there outfit like oh my
god oh my gosh would you like my pastel
shark with my black top like my sauce
better
that dog is literally vibrating what is
going on thumbnail yeah I was not
throwing your dog won oh I love this dog
I mean rock and pay a lot of money to
throw that dog I'm so excited we're
going to the jazz night and the and the
room the rats come in oh you just take
it as a thing to talk to women I'm
saying that right now like oh my god
your dog looks like it's dying it's so
cute
I don't know how I got the
responsibility of this but oh my lord
I'm walking the rat I love it I think
that classifies is a dog like more of a
cat than a dog but then that's an insult
to cats who you knew what I want blue
why even ask in wait now where is it
no it was my foot no was my favorite
what's my favorite this is the best
friend test right now you're my American
best friend hmm take a guess right now
in the comments guys which is my
favorite beer which one dr. which flavor
orange you are right shacked up is my
favorite American beer Belgian white
welcome to the Tar Pits a Museum of lush
Angelis you know of almost God I'm going
away in two days to them so sick of
hearing beeping like it's literally tied
to drillings in the head it makes me sad
well this is where we all came did
Pokemon go that time and it was epic
because look at this oh my god Luke we
gotta say
animals that what were they called again
mammoths
it looks like an elephant but it
definitely mammoth but yo check this out
this is the Tar Pits of LA so there's
literally tar raising from the ground
yeah coming out of the ground like seat
bubbling and bubbles
that's like legit this is not fake la is
infested by tar and as you can see the
baby elephants like mom now don't die in
a dad's like screw that bitch she
cheated on me again we're going to like
a jazz night adjusting where you sitting
with your blankets we got some beers
from the shop he's got the cooler
you better know I bought a chicken
Darvin is this step this is the tar
people throwing sticks in it like dicks
look all the tiles like seeping out hope
it's that like what a random thing look
at this dog just shaking and despair
that life and then look at this dog it
looks like a man in a suit Oh Luke I
give you that that is the cutest thing
you've ever done
oh my god you know what that's cute I'm
giving it you Fried Chicken a platter of
ham and cheese champagne may happen you
got this you got it like a professor nah
this is such a cool oh boy this is six
Hey I'm introduced into the world so
this is six she's super cool hey man hey
we're drinking champagne together
oh yeah Cheers all is good I can't leave
we can just walk around and drink like
this is amazing yeah okay look at how
many people every Friday there's a jazz
night so we're going to check it out
that oh my god the state oh shit
that's the famous lights well I've been
to the top it's I don't know these
they're the most like famous photo
opportunity in LA I had no idea this was
here yeah this is cool this is cool
oh my god
look at everyone oh I've never seen this
before I see it in people's like
instagrams and bows oh she's totally
vlogging I like seeing people's like
foes and instagrams but I've never seen
it in real life
whoa it's just a bunch of lump posts
like literally but it's just gorgeous we
made it I made it
yo yo this is my snake this is a hundred
hundred ten my stag this is so fucking
cool hey I'm in the background of like
everyone's photos taking like fancy self
isn't shit but they're all doing all the
romantic poses and shit yo I am yo Jules
a nice nice trainers they're really nice
I like mine as well yeah thank thanks
for that one you know what you know what
we do best
I think we do life best life we do free
we do you live pretty good we've got a
good day today right from point from fat
burger to this and it's only at All
Saints yeah it's only eight o'clock made
the night the night's still young
no I'm sorry you're done
oh hey you okay right now okay because
you're not actually a dog that's a dog
but if that is a dog oh yeah
so the Jazz has ended but everyone's
still kicking it like that I've never
experienced this before in LA and this
is every Friday like this is epic look
at how busy that place has got the
photos it's absolutely rammed well this
is a dope-ass museum the only available
toilets like when you're out of the park
is to use the museum's one which is open
till 10:30 in the morning and I know
friends who donated up to $500,000 mate
if I donated $500,000 my name could go
there oh I didn't realize that's the
basic bitch list this is the 30 million
and above list Jesus Christ bro
not even a fun of this dog right now
what are you doing like it no wait why
are you encouraging in it I know what it
made me whoa whoa oh there's that
building I drove past and it looks
amazing
oh man you like my joke no joke
like in that AllSaints shout out to my
boy Holly
hooking it up like seriously you have no
idea how much I appreciate that Luke yet
again with the cool spots I'm sorry dude
what I don't remember it LA Kings wait
is there like is there hot is there
games up it oh shit I do remember this
place
yes yo they have an indoor crazy golf at
this spot I'm above this life this place
just got better the crazy golf you don't
even have to pay for it it's free
even the pool table is free I like this
place I like la la la is good to be fair
he has got the opportunity to clean up
right now but Lupe's got one two three
four five five on the table and I've got
one gum gum gum gum gum gum gum gum gum
he won you won again again no no no I'm
just saying this right now I'm not I'm
not sure whether that's photoshopped or
not but if it isn't oh my goodness okay
so we do a seance right now dude that
dog that dog is the embodiment of the
spirit that died there is it the reason
why I just brought up ghost with Luke is
because as we were walking over to his
apartment I was like dude I swear to God
I just thought I saw a shadow move in
front of your apartment and I'm telling
you it's not you're not the only person
who said that Annie I have both felt
that way and there would be times where
would be sitting down and go oh why did
this place just get told yeah that sort
of vibe yeah weird man it's weird but I
didn't think it was hard but now look at
it that's hard joiner no single-handedly
way this place looks haunted
well that cupboard right there literally
dude there's a dead body hidden in
nothin thing there who builds an archway
inside an apartment that's so
unnecessary there's something there
there is literally the murder what
Brooke that's right this thumbnail we
found the murder weapon
I'm so happy right now there's nothing I
want more than just to be sat here
watching HBO entertainment hashtag man
sponsor watching
episode 2 season to another dare that
the dad god damn the Hustle is real well
I'm going on spending the whole day
tomorrow in tomorrow's vlog at the beach
which should be amazing but I gotta
forget it
I've got an hour and 20 minutes before
needs to go uploaded so if you're
watching this vlog right now on time 6
p.m. hell's to the mother truckin yeah
I've only got two days left in LA but on
Mondays vlog you're gonna see your boy
with capitaine spoken lays for two
specific things and you just gonna have
to find out what that is I'm sure you
can do the math and work out what one of
them is but the other one should be
quite a funny little thing that we're
gonna try and do together so guys thank
you for watching this vlog if you
enjoyed it and you liked my random
adventures of the life of Tom then make
sure you click that like button you know
I need to stop calling a like button
click that thumbs up would there you go
subscribe doing nothing flick a Chevelle
and I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next day of look but until then
I love you I'll leave you understand us
