finally finally finally finally it's
sunny in Los Angeles it only took three
days of me being there but I can finally
get in the Sun relax for a little bit
and get a bit of a bit of color on these
cheeks but I can't vlog is edited it is
uploaded that turkey sandwich I ordered
yesterday was terrible but there is why
I said guys because I've got going
sitting traffic for the next 45 minutes
getting to the office so we're let's
take this terrible turkey sandwich and
go if this doesn't look like a good
cupcake I don't know what does oh my god
oh don't mind me just being a basic
bitch getting a coffee from like one of
the coolest coffee spots in LA place is
amazing
somewhere else is in my office you read
the Sun you read Sun I don't see your
name on the door I don't see that name
this is your first official warning find
you in my office one more time you're
gonna have to get your own coffee oh
yeah speaking of famous
look at that wow that's amazing I'm
imprisoned in a fish bowl of poo Luke
literally farted and it's that bad that
he brought a candle in and he's gonna
like it because he stinks that bad I'm
breathing in poo particles right now
this cinnamon roll god damn the office
you ma'am
they're having one meeting in here and
I'm having a meeting in here you know
times are tough and we need a bigger
office when I'm sitting here meeting
with one person and Luke's on the floor
in this one it's okay look it's okay but
you're going off you're not coming back
on update shutdown do whatever you gonna
do I'm going in the Sun I am so fat dude
that kama-nak he's so bad into two
people in my comments tell me you got a
hickey is that a hickey if you think
that's a hickey I don't think you've
ever kissed someone before big
hickeys don't look like that unless
they're vampire then that makes sense
with you know a singular tooth but
definitely not a hickey Oh as I was
saying I've been fed this office like
pretty much all day since ago I can't
express how tired I am I'm going in the
Sun I'm gonna get trapped a bit on my
yes are you kidding me this is amazing
do you not want to live there I'm gonna
have to go back downstairs get a chair
and come chill a bit this is this is
perfect like don't wrong I know I've
been up on the roof before we were on
we're on over there but it was like a
dangerous roof you could fall through it
where is this one it won't so let's find
out what this is and actually fall
through the floor hits inside it I
guarantee I find like a homeless person
or like the one Lord living there some
shit what's in there what's in a Oh what
is that what is that is this you
interested in if I ever go homeless I'm
gonna move into this hook right here no
not ever find me Oh as soon as that the
same idea is me I don't even need to
bring a chair up here there's one right
there waiting for me hey Luke what wills
best ball flip you ready wait fuck
but after that fail the ball foot
I need to go downstairs now because it's
optic diesels birthday and we're going
out for a drink
so I'm exhausted I'm cold I need up for
D so this is everybody does merge I just
don't understand how I didn't manage to
London like right why would that not
London that's statistically impossible
Sheila London already bought the funds
Luke's car I'm joking
chubowski I'm gonna get my buddy rubbed
by small Asian ladies okay I'm gonna go
with that I've been dying to get massage
and we were gonna go back to loops and
play all night but I'm just so tired so
I'm hoping if I get an hour massage here
I get my body rub didn't feel all fresh
but I thought I'll sleep at the same
time so no we don't wake up feeling
great I'm rested I'm feeling good or so
itself I see they've got room for one
here we go here we go climbing on me
I feel like new I feel like now I feel a
little bit refreshed bit tired book I
feel good
Directors Guild of America producer
pension and health plans face
reproduction Spanish broadcasting
systems private defense contractors what
I needed that I'm saying this right now
nobody has a friend like I have a friend
like Luke like the man comes in clutch
to jump in the shower I didn't think
about deodorant afterwards was he
settled with brand new stick this is why
I Luke is the man I know Louis I was
back it's the little things of
friendship men it's the little things
may your dog is a filthy animal we can't
because she was like I was I wasn't
faced look at it I swear was your face
pounding muddy bear stay away from me
look at leak money you look good look at
me look at me it's will give baby it's
will give me come on oh oh oh and then
there's me all blacked out I like the
most monotone dress sense at the moment
I don't know why and I definitely tried
a bit more color to it just all blacked
out everything how I roll
ah happy birthday to you happy birthday
dude oh not you not you but how you
happy birthday legend alright so we're
back at the place where previously been
to we have our own room this is dope
interesting I'll vodka come come
oh yeah this is exactly what my life
right now very happy very very good good
so Hey - I've been in Japan all over
this Tom arose I have several questions
you made me go and get a massage you
made me pay for what you give me for
free these are Mike Mike
every time I see him he's actually got
promotion in the company I'm like how
I'm gonna I'm gonna corrupt you from the
inside I'm gonna stop I'm gonna stop
putting your stuff in the wrong place if
you if you come to the UK office I'm I'm
moving to Russia
yeah we're turning up to some nice house
places right good good show that's the
best thing case you've ever seen tell me
that's not the best a case you've ever
seen yeah this place is yeah this this
place is this place is fancy as fuck
we're actually going right now took his
house was that not one of the most lit
every driver ride you've ever been in I
was like can I just covered if you
eventually please that'd be great
you know light legit like we're not
trying to be rude but like the dog does
not like black guys no no trust me I've
known him for fight it go commit just
commit commit to the dog
it won't make a difference
it hasn't see blue oh shit
you always see yo fuckin runs is our
uber driver just blasting tunes already
hey I like this I'm liking the vibe with
you members since you gotta come with
coconut you're on a diet
protein so what's to watch this I don't
think it is Chris sighs sighs fine whoa
yo we're sharing this yeah he's trying
to steal our pizza how good was my piece
order out attack our tender I'm not
gonna fucking line dawg
I was literally bullshitting your car
yeah that was like yo fuck just double
up you got warrants our time is it 10:00
right yeah it's been the best thing you
can ever ever ever order on a pizza is
Parma ham because the flavor just melts
into the bread olives melts into the
bread mushrooms melts into the bread the
dough Series - God fuck the best piece
you will ever are in your life Bahama
ham I'll push our where have you guys
call it mushrooms olives black olives
yes Chris I'm going to stock this year
all right put that in your pocket
yeah just put thank you again the girls
in the strip club they won't even notice
is that is that is a picture your pocket
because I have to be able to am to edit
the vlog but the boys wanted to go to
the trip club so yay one night
I'm tired I'm going to bed can't believe
I'm going to bed at 5:45 cheers mate
appreciate good friends thank you hey
mate
I'm tired please take me home I thought
being in bed by at least two I'm pretty
sure that bars 24 hours so that's not
yeah I was hoping to go to bed at like
2:00 a.m. it's now 5:00 for it like 5:45
I'm not that impressed with myself I'm
actually disappointed I love that it's 5
o'clock in the morning and there's still
traffic oh yeah like this is just la in
a nutshell traffic all day every day
not a fun I have to go to bed sleep for
two hours only two hours
get up edit I hit the vlog you could say
stay awake and do it now whoa look at me
I can't stay awake go to bed
edit the vlog don't go to sleep edit the
vlog get up go to a meeting with a brand
ambassador for All Saints at 11:00
o'clock and it's currently six am la
he's killing me
he's truly killing me if this was
somehow on time then I'm just a wizard
like look her tie them I'm so exhausted
yet one good night's sleep like a I
would sleep since I've been in LA I'm
exhausted I'm so tired I just want to go
but get him but get back in bed I want
to sit in the Sun and like fall asleep
again some time but it is what it is the
dedication to the game is real so guys
if you're watching these daily vlogs
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next day vlog I'm
sorry like the vlogs don't seem so
structured it's just because like and
your mug like structured because like in
the day in the UK
I can literally film every moment of
everything I'm like bang bang bang bang
bang bang bang but when I go to 3bd like
I'll be in I'll being like meetings and
stuff like that for like three four
hours and it completely takes me out I
think of like my day like it you see me
wake up trial down there stammered a and
then it's like okay now go now and I'm
doing like wow Tom why the hell did your
day go it's cuz I'm like in meetings
having these conversations and stuff
another like big talked but I can't
share all information with you
so that secrets and stuff like that just
like corporate shit so yeah there's III
even gonna start secretly filming my
meetings and carefully dissecting what I
can and can't put in the vlog to not
spoil anything but yeah it takes up a
lot of my time and it really draws me
out of like being in the creative mood
for vlogging throughout the day so I'm
good I've got to try and find a balance
to it but then at the same time we've
got to try and find a balance to get
these vlogs edited uploaded and me
getting sleep so it is what it is but
thank you nonetheless if you're a person
who sticks around
you subscribe you're leaving comments on
the vlog you're leaving a like rate and
you follow me on Twitter you follow me
on Instagram I'm just I'm just I'm ready
for rest okay I'm ready for rest you
know what I'm gonna get that rest if I
need to go to the Cayman Islands after
my sister's birthday on the 9th of May I
don't think I have any commitments if
after that I need to go to the Cayman
Islands I'm doing it so leave a like
rate if I should I'll take run all these
watches probably get pulled by customs
being like is this a bomb there's like
7,000 watches here but God's the Cayman
Islands just kick it there I get us some
time really I mean like really really
chill do some scuba diving and shit and
we'll see how it all goes so if that
sounds like a plan guys let me know I'll
catch you then see you tomorrow 6 p.m. I
saw deep horse yeah I never done that
with that finger before
sorry oz
