wakey-wakey world it is 9:15 a.m. I've
got my vlog edited I'm about to upload
it this listens not quite popping out
just yet but it will do so let's get
this vlog rendered uploaded and rockin
and rollin boy better know he's making
power moves the power of America and
ubereats which we do up 7 England I've
met myself yes I'm aware these are not
oh gee flip before Facebook don't even
worry about it
my mum got myself breakfast bagel get
myself a turkey bagel or and get drink
objective quiet Randy is it done are you
done are you done are you done
Oh two minutes left on the clock it is a
24 minute video so hopefully it doesn't
take too long to load that's in the bank
man besides these bagels would be hell
somebody guys better oh can i still live
it straight to your front door you can't
complain about oh my oh my god no that's
the thickest bagel ever seen mmm cheese
bacon and egg oh yeah that big I don't
want to get my mouth around it mmm nope
oh my god it's really good yep you
better you better you better no I'm
downloading that fart in that game or
don't order his kid to talk about his
fault not reading the funniest game in
the world 50 why is it so blurry the
camera uh 45 minutes to download an 8
gig 500 you might be like Tom what's
with the weird noise is basically I fell
asleep in bed just like chillin watching
a video I'm a laptop wise fault no it
was downloading and go
firstly for five hours
- a finite no really I actually fell
asleep for like five hours in bed I
don't know I don't know why
well obviously I was tired that is a
that's that's that's pretty good summary
of it but and I had a meeting down at 3
B D at 2:30 it's no 253 so I gotta go so
we're back on the strip it was today
with the hair and the problem is this
time I haven't got any gel I have I have
instant dry shampoo but true model
children but this that I don't have any
hat wait don't have any hair done you
know so I'm not sure you have to spike
my hair up the whole fashion way which
is get a hair dryer I'm really hot and
then just burn it in place see
kinda hurts for today looking like a
flat pancake head I'm going to be taking
this bad boy down to the office to add
some on yourself and then do a think
third pass on our work for another new
game so very excited to do that book
like I said I'm running extremely late
my ubers outside and to get to the
office from here now is going to take 40
minutes where as it fell to set off the
time I was gonna set off traffic would
have been less but it was only gonna
take 20 so I'm running extremely late
yeah this this is why I don't like LA
just this right here your traffic
disgusting
oh my let's get myself a coffee and I
text illegals like lumen would you like
a coffee said yeah man I'd like a called
broom
don't call Bru it's like a way of making
coffee but cold yet Luke coffees on the
floor mate sorry about that bro Luke
yeah do you want to what hey yours is on
the floor on the backdoor Miss Ellie I
leave for one day
no twelve hours I leave 12 hours a leave
fall
who the hell's moved into my office what
is this whose is this muck
whose is this why is this piece of shit
in here let's just get rid of us just go
ahead and just go and put this on this
chair and don't treat yourself ever
again my office raises the best in the
game man
cannot be bothered resetting up every
single time gonna have to have a shower
so it won't be like no touch about it
but more time I'm gonna kill you
sometimes I replied the comments like
you know quite as you like you know just
a response to a conversation and then
some people can you explain your
relationship your 3bd and how you got
involved what your role is literally
explain that exact thing in yesterday's
video so I just said man did not watch
the video and then this one it was just
pure cold look at this Oh
nighttime everyone's been like Tom why
you playing on console why'd you play on
console wise counselor you know what I
mean stop playing on PC just to get good
at it just to shush you guys alright I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna do it and then I
can become the next best ninja no no no
tell this is the concepts we're working
on right now so give it legs but without
feet will probably be my recommendation
but I think this might be too small to
pick up
that's a wrap alright meeting at meeting
adjourned get all the artwork towers
zombies monsters everything will get in
there like the next two days we should
have the next concept of the map and
stuff like that and by the UI and
interface everything song
can I my office close the door excuse me
you read the sign
read the sign read this out what does it
say what is he saying oh you can watch
what I think your ass know what what
yeah that's exactly what'll I go at
least I go with a wife oh really oh
really
wait until you see wait until you'll see
your report hopefully leaving this for
the night without anyone dismantling it
this time Shelby's got the hold you'd
have your own office yeah he's wait
until the new building is slack I'm
gonna have another biggest office in
there but it's if she just manuals my
office one more time I swear to god you
know I'm gonna take your food for once
ate what is that a threat no threat
yeah you would do that wouldn't you you
would do that you've always had it out
for me
you know what watch where you sleep
tonight oh my god did you just get a
space no way do I look at your face oh
happy
so it's our friend Ken Osborne's
birthday today I know it's very birthday
not a birthday going away yeah for a
birthday party inside fam it's his
going-away party so we're all here but
my she's like an arcade drinks and food
so see how this goes the entire way here
we were like be like absolutely awful
we'll never find a pike his bass is
gonna take about half an hour
we found parking right there and we're
going there unheard off what I saying
yesterday's vlog the most valuable thing
in Los Angeles is not housing ready lot
its parking so you know when you go to a
restaurant you get like a number like
number 50 or so I thought well here you
get a trophy
so hold onto and then they bring out
your food ah me and Luke
I've got a cat for him then we wrote it
like a couple loops wrote one side I
wrote the other and we've got him ago
going away picture to remember us by if
it wasn't for you I never would have met
you and I never would have met Ken so
Luke Thank You ver introduce me to such
good people this is a pretty intense
game you've got to balance the ball
between the holes nice
oh my go is a beast and here in not in a
glowing hole
I have you never ever complete this game
before in my entire life as a kid
because way too much money
however our giorno and guess what I
think I've even complete it or I'm
through to the final stage oh my god I
came six overall away
I actually complete time crisis - I came
six
Noah that took me 19 minutes OS year as
a kid that was always like one pound for
dough but that I spare for low five
dollars tonight and I feel it was it
worth it
yes $100 the on your first go you can't
get it and with that without losing one
ball low hundred dollars I'm about to be
rich as far
and let's go through the rules one I got
one coin blank lion you only get one one
ball one ball yeah a hundred dollars
yeah this is a bad back he's not good
apparently
no pressure can
kids
double or nothing don't know that's your
honor
shit shit babe pinky Ken pinky let's go
let's go hey Ken you know about that
double or nothing it's okay it's okay
yeah yeah I really yeah I need contracts
next time contracts
oh wait wait I just returned two dolls
yo ken Ken Ken trip oh nothing
yeah no pinky pinky so far nothing okay
here we go
this is good I just took $300 it's cool
ken I should go to my best for your
dollars yeah you don't owe me anything
I'll pay you in hugs I want more than
books
Ken's about to win the game oh my god
oh yeah you have to do the most detailed
drawing of me ever doing your life okay
and all you can have is this sharpie and
a paper bag
you nailed it hey we're like will I ever
see you again
yeah a show in your dreams - Rasta
Wow he really needed you really nailed
the detail Wow Wow then there was one
man left at the bar not willing to leave
without saying goodbye
that's okay I like that I think that I
will see you in the morning
because guess what's tomorrow night well
it's not Diesel's birthday which it is
which it is party time daddy time hey
see you later alligator
what's the thanks man sorry that was the
world's longest goodbyes but you know
well my uber driver told he didn't drop
me off in their own location but what is
that
why have you why did you choose to put
that on the back of your car like
seriously why 16 hours later Tom made
his way home managed to edit the vlog
uploaded it to the youtubes however if
this video footage never makes its way
on time at 6 p.m.
tom was clearly kidnapped that's my
excuse for being late
yo guys I totally got kidnapped for like
25 minutes like I'm just saying that
right now that's why the vlog was
delayed so what for one like Ryan helps
turn Tom get his vlogs on time okay and
now get kidnapped by the the upload
speed so until then
much love and sorry okay but if I know I
actually find this is a perfect time you
know look at this light have you seen
this lighting let me see what I'm using
there's a light in there world's most
orange box I could maybe order an actual
it would actually be quicker for me to
order and other nuba get picked up and
drive home because that you brought me
the wrong location I was just not paying
attention I was just on my phone playing
video games I was like yeah this is
great see like I was like no this is not
my home guys thank you very much for
watching make sure you leave a like
rating in tomorrow's vlog you will
actually see me hanging out with a good
boy optic diesel your your uh your
missus may your homies who usually know
but then also a good friend from that
that one show that I did called Maya
my mayor Mayday Mayday oh my god looks
like a series spin-off it's Diesel's
birthday tomorrow we're gonna kick it
we're all gonna hang out it's gonna be a
good time so until then thank you very
much for watching make sure you leave a
like great subscribe and I guess I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the
next day's blog thank you for taking
part in this I was gonna say experiment
it's not really experiment it's kind of
like in action thank you for taking your
time out of your day to watch a day in
the life of Tom because my name is Tom
this is my life I appreciate you guys
tuning in so until then much love make
the most of it life is very short you
know what you guys are legends so until
then I'll catch you tomorrow 6 p.m.
next daily vlog I study honest
