is happening it's actually happening
they are here again a o'clock this
morning they turned up BT and virgin
have returned to debt to do to get
together step do not mine and
installation feel a bit more awake now
I've got an update about the internet
which I'll tell you about in a minute so
here's the situation I've got two
fellows in my garage right now
installing the cabling the boxing the
server the root are there everything for
the new Internet I've also got this pole
to work out how to get the optic cable
along this cable to my house which will
then feed it to my house so it's good oh
oh my
what's it we do it took a wall off I
just come out is over a toga soiree what
about is this the new cable arm is it
that's it is I oh my god wait and these
guys literally all the way down the road
yeah so what's going on right now is
we've got an optical cable going from
this pole to my house but then obviously
backwards you have to go Paul Paul Paul
Paul this way I was not aware of that I
thought they were going down the road so
there was a plan of action to like it
got Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul all the way
down my road then dig up the road or get
into the pipe works in the ground to get
slightly exchanged right that way but
instead we've brought in like a hit
squad so BTR install it now but they've
got a hit squad that I like we get
internet installed first you were in the
garage right now and they've managed to
locate a faster way to do it so I'm dead
yeah yeah so they're gonna they're gonna
like connect it to that go to the pipe
and I'm flying in a net to me so they
said maybe this is gonna be a two-day
process what a good mission there's also
you know not trying to be a nosy bastard
a but a is an ambulance up the road and
my dad said that the ambulance is gonna
cross to the site where the workers are
so I hope everything's all right we have
no information what's going on okay see
him he keeps mucking the ball it's gonna
fall about in a minute oh my gosh I
can't believe it's actually happening
two months of months no years and years
and years of moaning and complaining I
finally get a new internet about a
quarter of the way through editing
today's vlog so I'm get I'm getting it
it's just it's a long one but it's
currently quarter to one and I've got a
dentist appointment I'm so hoping that
today I'm just going in for a
consultation for them to go this is the
plan of action because if you guys
didn't know from a previous vlog I
swallowed my tooth and the thing is we
swallow my tooth it had like like lines
and sections in it where the crown that
they attach to it kind of like fix in
like a jigsaw piece so it fit him
perfectly when they're cemented it on
you know I can attach his it so the
thing is they even now try and make a
new crown to go on top of it or they
redo the root canal yeah I know it
sounds disgusting but they redo the root
canal plus because they want to see if
they can get rid of some extra tissue
down there at the bottom of my tooth
which is just disgusting they want to
maybe redo my root canal put a new crown
on it which will be one expensive too
painful and three take about three hours
to get done I've got to find out which
which is gonna be the plan of action so
I'm gonna go that now and hope that all
they're gonna do is just make a new
crown like a new top of my tooth and
just put it back on and I'm set I do not
want to have my face draw the path for
three hours
oh yeah look what the heck think my
dad's ripped yes
my dad's ripped my bumper off and taped
it awful well I guess that's a good
thing so thanks dad I'm just gonna move
that before I write so I am running late
to then it's as per usual I just really
wait to get the vlog get it done so I
can get it doing you know I relax for
the day but you know totally wasn't
putting off going to the dentist or
anything that you're talking about well
weather is absolutely miserable but this
guy's hopefully gonna be my Lord and
Savior that said I did just find out
that everything was going smoothly and
perfect until we just found out that the
poll that I need to get my internet from
like the final poll that you need to dig
down to send the cable from my house to
the exchange there needs to be a dig dug
a hole dug on one of the bottom of the
polls
it's like access something or other and
that could take up to a month
so I am just holding my breath hoping
for the best and I'm definitely not
crying on the inside
incredible parking tom hey what is that
pocket about I've got I've got one inch
of my tire on the curb those shoes from
All Saints man I swear by telling you
guys to never buy shoes from All Saints
that were shoes I've ever bought in my
life
I'm coming removed tonight into ship I
don't miss the appointment he's just
seeing someone else in between so I'm
gonna quickly
I'm gonna go repack my defender wasn't
too happy about that parking job that I
did so let's make an adjustment that's
more like it
now I'm right outside turn Bernhard's
and let's restart the conversation no
please don't remove my teeth No
if you've got this shoveling here group
which can be signs of infection which
means so okay great
can you put me to sleep because that was
a long procedure and I have to do that
again that's the that's the first when
we came in with and then it's got a
little bit bigger there that's exactly
what I was hoping not to hear gotta see
a specialist
gotta get my two three dugout and it's
gonna take hours it's my own fault it's
my own fault
but hey man watch the shop victim oh my
god
not a fun not a fun
oh my god Steve is gonna be so good
tonight Wow beautiful
the word is look at the people buy a lot
of these well is a weird investment Oh
Stevens gonna eat well tonight swell
thank you very much appreciate that I
have to say I'm thinking of taking Steve
to the vet you might like Steve I'm oh
no I think he's pretty much okay he
seems absolutely fine he's cool is great
eats eats regularly you know
everything's good someone in the
comments said Tom bitter dragons
shouldn't really get hiccups but it
could possibly be not to scare you like
a chest infection or something with
Steve now I've never taken C to a vet
and he's wonder more boy when I turned
25 in June that means my boy Steve is
gonna be four and in those four years
he's never been to a dentist
it's never meant
dr. he's never had a checkup so I think
I'm gonna get in touch with the homies
it's well said pets at home do a bit of
Dragon so I think I'm gonna take Steve
in for a checkup
get everything like assess to make sure
he's well and if you give me any advice
of what to do or how to make it slide
better then we're gonna make Steve's
life better this car needs a new custom
license plate so if you've got a good
idea for a license plate that don't
don't just go go and get Tom I'll get
syndicate if you don't know how you
can't license place work google it but
then if you've got a good idea for what
good play I could get it just in case I
don't manage to organize one today don't
leave me down below
cuz I'm really struggling but we fitted
where is it there this oh oh shit just
gonna go ahead close this I didn't break
anything
it was like that never happened you saw
nothing
hopefully put in where is it what is it
this is the racking system and they've
installed
that's the anything you installed aha
it is is it this is my new internet
brewer talk about electrical fire could
the state of this thing - yeah I just
watched the replay of me breaking it
that I did not took us that hard to that
three I was explaining hmm I did just I
did just on the outro of this vlog guys
uploading right now say oh I'm well
excited cuz he's fucked can you open
time and fucking smashing it get my
blogs up on top this and this and this
but then I just realized when I went to
upload it that it's gonna take two hours
to do it and I've only got two hours
before the vlog needs to be live so I
might be cutting this one close actually
boys was this what was this what is
going on England are you oh my god it's
warm is England my City right now is it
is this what I'm talking about I don't
know why but the sun's all of a sudden
come out there's a huge huge grey cloud
inbound but I've got at least about five
seconds of Sun here so turn me up maybe
I've not streamed in like like two weeks
this game properly first game on first
game on and I get that dub dub
okay okay okay all right I'm actually
live streaming right now and playing at
the same time so my chats are gonna go
crazy and say hello to the vlog but me
and the vlog will be talking I'm shaking
me hungry and they want to see me do a
cooking livestream so I'm gonna play
this with ten more minutes then we're
gonna go out to test go get some food
maybe some pork chops are something like
cook it stream stream me cooking it
which is probably gonna be a failure I'm
gonna get food poisoning but dice map
one so look at my chat going absolutely
crazy chat do you want to go and see me
do some cooking livestream do you want
to see me do some cooking hmm as you can
see the chat really wants to see me do a
cooking stream so you know straight up
my my comments are on pie right now look
at this no numbers in the name no
numbers in the name no numbers in the
name this is perfect
Dylan perfect peak perfect I met perfect
until wait wait for it wait for it wait
for it wait for it wait for it wait for
it huh Zoe we're doing why you got
numbers in your name she didn't say
happy birthday can so maybe I should
just lay off sounds to get this cooking
stream going and you are a very cute
baby I am shaking I am shaking you're a
very cute baby dragon Steve but I will
be taking you to the vet I don't think
you're ill I just want to get a check-up
on you
unlike Steve gotta stay healthy I've
made it to my destination porkchop get
in my belly I don't even know what I
need I'm just shaking so I know I think
so I know anything what's gonna be my
fancy pork chop where are you special
offers British that's chicken what's
this this is it lamb cutlets and go
admit I do like lamb colors I don't
think you supposed to mess around with
one so if you're not gonna cook meat you
should always leave it here we go this
is what I've come for
a bloody pork chop the picture looks
like what I want to eat some you're
gonna take this one I don't think I need
any seasoning or anything like that I
just need this and vegetables I'm like
nine I'm sensual you can just buy like
these packs that you just throw into a
pan and boil them all at once yeah like
these a vegetable medley you just put
them in a pan of hot water so I think
I'm good to go for I've got sprouts in
them
no but today's vegetables carrot
cauliflower and broccoli yes are you
sure that's all I need cooking with Tom
oh I'm thinking I maybe should have got
gravy but like some gravy granules or
something or a stock to make gravy but I
don't sounds odd
I don't usually engrave your mommy mmm
you know it's not my fault I don't like
sauce and things if I kind of like just
the true flavor of the meat doing the
talking but this meal looks very very
blend a full meal costing before Pam 30
Oh have all my ingredients I think
though it's the most simple meal you can
have a core I don't have my audience
check this out hi from Australia hi
Salman nice to have you do you have to
go to the cinema soon yeah I have to be
no I've got I got for you I've got 14
minutes before I need to be at the
cinema thank you very much but
everyone's saying hello in the chat
right now I'm gonna set up a stream I
don't know how long it takes to cook a
pork chop like does it sit he a frying
pan until hot and cooked chops for woman
each side reduced to medium heat and
then cook for for 13 to 14 minutes okay
so I'm gonna try and pan fry it I can
put it under the grill I've now got my
meat all flavoured or you know I should
probably wrap the stream and put it in
the vlog round and vlogging it both hi
guys welcome to my cooking show today
we're gonna be cooking pork chops
hey how's this setup looking by the way
you guys liking it we do chi minh I will
try and I wonder if I can zoom out the
Brio wait are you kidding me you guys
can see everything Oh
oh man look so long dude this is amazing
but welcome to Tom's cooking wash your
hands so that's one up the ovens on just
in case I need it
let me just read my cooking instructions
again they're on the back of the pack
heat a frying pan until hot yet cook
pork chops one minute each side sweet
turn occasionally and leave bill to son
okay now ain't no bitch I want no
standardized pork chops
what's what I'm gonna do watch your by
PC from there probably not yo Dakota
storm thanks and found your bit thanks
brother from another mother here that's
how we that's how we rule
shit extract Iran sorry let me come to
you alright so I have got some Kirkland
salt you may recognize this from Costco
you may also recognize no you won't
recognize this this is pepper but it's
not just any pepper this is roasted
garlic and black pepper salt stuff so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna rubbish
my pork chop on both sides with lots of
this stuff all that does smell garlic it
the fumes the smell it smells you want
to close up with the chops have you seen
these chops and you see look at this
we've got the salt we've got the pepper
with garlic in it look at this on the
other side we're now gonna marinate come
on guys don't forget you want to get
that flavor you wanna get that flavor
into the fat on the outside cuz that fat
on the outside that's our primary weight
is that paper oh yeah oh look at that
we're gonna rub that flavor in there you
know we want that bone to have lots of
juices it smells amazing are we done
good hey guys all right now we're gonna
fire up that puttin him okay slide up
and we're now going to sizzle the
outside edge of the fire we're gonna
like that listen Shh listen
garetty listen listen nixon thank you
very much brother listen Oh
oh my god angles we're now burning them
look at that we're making the fuck nice
or rough in it in ah oh look it up
you've never seen anything quite like it
oh it's amazing bro I'm made for this
shit hey Suri hey Suri you little bitch
send me a timer she never listens to me
why to all the women in my life keep
weaving all right we're just gonna steal
this flavour a nice and juicy juicy
light now for the other side just to see
all that flavor can you see this cooler
by the way can you see this color look
at this come in man
that was my professional way of picking
up look at that look at that Brown edge
crispy fat so we don't want to be using
oil on our meat guys because it's not
good for it but what we're gonna do
instead is we're gonna just put a nose
you can see here I'm gonna put a nice
little small chunk of butter on there
just to add to the flavor just to meet
the pun a bit loosey-goosey we're gonna
run it around the edges look at that we
don't leave a trap it in there you know
what was right we're gonna just add a
little bit more salt to it just because
you know we probably not kill that
where's my song though what's that
because we probably haven't put enough
that one already we're just gonna add a
little bit more to it show you what I'm
doing look at this guy's Wow ah it's
looking really good it's not burn trust
me it's not burn I like my pork chops
nice and kind of burnt though nice no
but I'm currently rolling the edges of
it into the fat and the butter and the
salt
try and trap that flavor and that's what
we wanted we want a nice crispy pork
chop I don't want no tasting bitch pork
chop hell no all right listen here they
may take our food but doesn't never take
our freedom I'm gonna fill this up with
hot water okay and then it says remove
all packaging place in pan of boiling
water for six minutes I'm gonna do that
in two minutes okay
watch the pan tanta this has been washed
trust me this is clean what are you
having for pudding
I didn't think up our head do you know
what yeah shit you can sit so you want
something to match your palate for when
you're cooking
so today's choice is going to be a 2018
planet a silent a is a popular choice of
young the young cool kids so we're gonna
we're gonna go with a bit of a glass of
fun it's a first of all your fun at a
what you want to do is you want to want
to smell it
spin that some test your legs oh oh that
is fresh
there's a fresh freshly age but oh shit
shit no vegetables fuck quick welcome to
Tom's into the hot water in the top
sweet okay shit I'm behind schedule I'm
behind schedule fuck okay where's the
hole I didn't need that many vegetables
this is Tom Sol shit okay
broccoli cauliflower and carrots
pre-chopped Cheers Tesco we then have
the port looking absolutely gorgeous
we've got five more minutes five more
minutes on the clock right here guys
what the port don't worry don't panic
mr. maverick do not panic you guys think
so far out of 10 what do you mean zero
why are you being like that
you bet your mustards I've got my glass
of fun I take I'm good all right there
you go boil in a way hell yeah hell yeah
look it up we got the pork chop and
wants the same floor as the goddamn pond
but don't worry about it looking good
looking good and we're we're almost
ready go 5 4 3 2 1
you know what you doing stop what you're
doing put step away from the kitchen
grab your plate let's wait this bardo
grownup grownup of us I've got a
strainer hey so I'm talking about your
ball in FFA thanks for seven months man
appreciate you know me
all right we're good we're Gucci this
looks got unser
it smells phenomenal
okay now Gordon Ramsay does this shit oh
my god oh my god look at that Wow Wow
one-upper people Appetit a potato
Tom's healthy look at the Jew we need to
check this is cook wait I'm gonna set my
table what I could just sit over there
oh dude but look over my pan over a
freshly hot it doesn't move Nana's pork
ala chop with that don't forget guys
sponsored by Fonte it's not actually
sponsored to me but whatever your fan
it's a help me up if you hit me up hit
me up if you want to sponsor the cooking
cooking streams you ready for this you
ready for this you ready oh my god what
how perfectly cooked this pork chop is
oh my goodness me have I done such a
good job twitch chat thank you very much
for supporting me through this cooking
process my fire alarm may have gone off
but oh my God look at that it's time for
the taste test are you ready oh my god
phenomenal oh my god absolutely
phenomenal the fat I know it looks burnt
there but it's not it's just like the
grease on the outside mmm you know I
have to be at the cinemas in like four
minutes like legit four minutes I'm
gonna be fast getting there but I might
have to put this in like a to-go bag I
might put this in it to go back and eat
it in the cinemas guys this it's cooked
to perfection guys oh my god for a meal
that cost me four pounds thirty that's
how much this meal cost for pan 38.5 out
ten
and if you guys liked the episode of
cooking with John then make sure you
leave a like green dude this guy is
square to go and I was like midnight
there's no tickets available to get here
I know I was gonna say thank you so much
appreciate the wife as well I managed to
hook you up by yourself
midnight screwed in other Avengers dude
I'm so excited I am NOT saying anything
saying no spoilers no nothing except
Wow
yeah I'll stick with it ten outta ten
I'm not saying anything I refused
I refuse to spoil and I refuse to ruin
it for anyone again thank you so much of
the tickets bought incredible film a
mind-blowing I'm now gonna go home and
cry myself to sleep it's three o'clock
in the morning and the birds are
chirping honestly I can't thank those
guys in the felt like seriously I just
can't
I'm so bad I start at midnight I know
like my YouTube comments everywhere it's
just gonna be filled with spoilers and I
was like now I can do this my I can't do
this I have to see this film at midnight
and they hooked it and I thought I was
gonna be stuck right next to the front
like truly like right next to the front
over the screen I'm a necklace gonna be
like this the entire time right but they
managed to get me how sees any reason I
like honestly I'm my mom another just
key example of a prime example of how
amazing this community is of how I can
go to the most random places and meet
you guys like the top of a temple in
Greece randomly like in Paris in Dubai
in in my local like village out on a
night out drinking in a buddy like
barber shop everywhere like have you
ever seen the film Fight Club you know
like the secret underground like
organization they have it's kind of like
that I go places it was like I don't
tell but I'm like how do you know my
name I don't like watching videos like
whoa it's like a really really like it's
like a it's like a it's like an actual
syndicate like I am Tom this is the life
of Tom and we are a syndicate know that
not another like a mafia syndicate none
of that or an assassin syndicate or
anything like that but but we are a
family
it's just the best family ever man
honestly truly thank y'all forgot to
clean up I forgot to take the pork chop
with me I was actually gonna take it and
eat it up the off the bone on the way
I'm more importantly though what a waste
the other pork chop I was gonna saving
like cook you from all into tomorrow but
I've left it out it's all gonna Brian
got off oh my goodness was this vlog a
pain in the ass to edit the video
footage of the like the cooking that I
did was all out of sync the audio so you
know when I was talking and I was like
hey guys like that it
it was just a nightmare throughout the
entire thing so I try my best to like
fix you up next how I'll try and make
sure it's perfect so I can just like you
know chop it straight in and we're good
enough to mess around like he took me
over an hour to edit that together just
cuz I have to keep changing the audio
track to Paul hey I hope you guys
enjoyed the cooking sort of stuff in the
vlog don't get wrong if y'all hate it I
won't keep putting it insulting but
people know my stream absolutely seems
to love it and I figured you guys might
enjoy as well I've got a little Steven
hiding down there he ran off from mean
he's hiding over there so I'm gonna have
to go and put him back and I'm gonna
have to end this vlog here guys so thank
you very much for watching make sure you
leave a like crane if we can hit 13,000
337 light greens that would be amazing
all you gotta do is take your mouse or
your finger and click that thumbs up one
and we'll smash it come on look how
scared you are from hiding under the
little sausage I'm gonna go ahead put
Steven away alright if you are new
around here make sure you click that
subscribe button if you're not signed in
to a youtube show right now create an
account sign in leave a comment join the
community join the family
become part of a father owner of Steven
get involved and I will see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for my next daily
blog a very much meant meant what I said
at the end of like this vlog regarding
like how you guys are just like
everywhere because I've been doing
YouTube for like eight years so my
audience who were like say if they were
young when they started watching me like
say there were 13 they're like you know
eight years have gone by they're all
that 21 months so it's just I go to the
most strangest places
and I meet you guys and it just it blows
my mind every time I bump into someone
so thanks for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog and I may be live-streaming a
little bit tonight so if you want to
find out if I'm streaming I think of it
down in the description twitch.tv
photos I've seen the kid just pop in
there see if I'm live later in the week
I may do another cooking stream so tune
in for that make sure you follow me on
Twitter at Pro syndicate on Instagram at
Seneca and until then sorry yes
