you see that bed there's nothing wrong
with out that in fact it's quite
possibly the company's bed ever slept in
my life - Joe sucks that said I'm
sleeping on the couch I know decisions
like the most stupid thing in the world
but when I sleep in this bed with my
blackout cones and I could probably just
keep my curtains open or something I
never get out of it I don't know whether
it's so comfy it's so blocked out I
don't know what it is but honest to god
when I get in that bed and try and sleep
I do not get up in the morning even if I
have alarm set it just doesn't happen on
the sofa and let me make this play this
sofa also amazingly comfortable and a
thing that I've got put in all the rooms
in the house blackout curtains
absolutely incredible it keeps the
sunlight out however for some reason
when I sleep on this sofa it's that soft
the most comfortable sleep you've ever
had in your life and then it's not until
the cushion becomes cemented into your
neck and there's song God godly
comfortable that you wake up a fight
through the night and you just hate your
life so I'm preparing for that one of
the best night's sleep I'm ever gonna
have now by sleeping on a sofa which I
love the sofa
it's just like that it's dirty but this
time with a proper pillow and a proper
bed again this is my house with four
bedrooms and playground sofa yeah
see you in the morning oh oh and not
before a bowl of Coco Pops and just an
FYI it's currently yeah 6:45 so I'm
gonna go to bed
mmm see you guys in the same day
I know okay so I woke up on my sofa -
great news my passports arrived Cheers
this is it look at this road as Apple's
cup of tea different few days have you
seen what comes your car by the way no
wheels it was just a prank
I did nothing to it did I oh did I best
prank you can do is the did I do a prank
prank oh this is a bit weird going back
to this kind of phone in it goes what
you can actually see everything all
right okay so I picked up a package that
we need to deliver where's boom but the
thing is this is not my phone it's my
old phone I've got no way of ringing I
texted anyone
and I was like I was when I got a signal
I don't worry I probably got in a bad
area this is the wrong phone trying to
send a package down to London right the
guy gave me the bill and when he said it
before I paid it
he said 33 pounds and I was like oh my
god 73 pounds to send a package I was
like it was cheaper for me to drive down
there I charged for 73 quit to send the
packets on a phone books are made in an
in London bloody ell I tell you summer
when it popped up on the you know how
much you curve it when it popped up on
the light cash machine how much to pay
seven pounds for money l was about to
faint
it set me free Brown's good on for the
post office what your timing cuz your
time still flies up to 26 hours so
whatever you're doing me it's taking a
long time so what are you doing okay
whoa just realize you've done ten
thousand four hundred miles and so if I
I'm with Godric twins yeah not having my
phone on me today is a really bad out
there
I don't know why no to be fair the only
reason I know is this wasn't my phone
this one's got a big scratch going down
the middle of it
plus when I film camera like this I can
actually see myself I can see myself
holding it there rather like this I
think we have to switch back to this
phone just saying I really appreciate it
I'm going up in that we're going
let's book yourself Oh stakes cleaning
runway definitely wrong way that was
pretty you almost went all the way out a
shot go on then give us a burnout get a
burnout going or dad will spin and the
SEM home I have to go in now and
transfer this footage onto my other
phone that way I can carry on vlog you
me to the phone it's so much better this
phone in it right I know this is gonna
be a silly thing but I want you to leave
a like rating if you've preferred this
camera right this this like this zoomed
out you can see everything leave a like
rating if you prefer this one and leave
a dislike rating if you prefer the
iPhone X now I know like look like the
motion isn't as nice and it's not as
fluid and it's not as crisp HD but for
the noticable difference of the zoom
because you're like when I'm with people
sat next to me like I'm like oh yeah I'm
gonna put you in it like look see how
you can still fit them in this is how
it's normally is so to try and fit this
closeness of a shot in with the iPhone
XS I have to do like this and you can
still only see this so it's just
annoying
well I can't they just do something
right for once oh and by the way just
saying that was a really nice leap it
was it's so strange I really will sleep
it on myself but it's such a stupid
strange decision of mine but I was like
okay so on Twitch people could subscribe
right and that's like amazing and it's a
very common thing for people to
subscribe and support you on Twitch
because like you stream free is the way
just people to have you back now on
YouTube I've also just enabled it for
the first ever time on morale channel
and I have to shout out welcome the
whackers kid just became my first ever
member on this channel massive shout out
to that guy the first ever member on the
channel Wow bummed out a nice to our
lives through there not bad not bad not
bad
I am absolutely starving like extra let
me show you something now before I show
you this let me show you this what the
hell who's that big and for the record
that's not a cat poo or a fox purissima
that's come out of a bird asshole and
that must be a mother hawk cuz that
she's huge
also as I inspect this pure I see seeds
and stuff like that but there's like a
shiny blue thing in it yeah that's
enough of dissecting poop time for the
main problem you've seen me many times
from that bedroom go oh my neighbor's
got moles or they've got more some more
art well guess what
I've now got moles and I've been so whoa
I've also got mushrooms blood yeah
Andy gardener come on mate what was this
aboot look at that I can make it we're
company mushrooms I've got Jesus we'd be
there that's huge
anyway nothing mushrooms well I've got
all the species of mushrooms growing
these ones edible I don't think any
mushrooms that grow in your garden are
edible but buddy all these apps this
loans oh my lord
anyway yeah I have moles the neighbours
over here I can't really fully see what
they're doing I think they've even put a
path walking up because I'm not I'm not
trying to rude and pry into the garden
if you ever got like a guard any section
here or some sort of stony path at this
point and when they've done it they've
basically blocked off their edge of the
garden I think witches stop the moles
going from the field round their garden
and into that garden because the moles
after four years of living in never went
in his garden but now they're here and I
don't know how big this mole is but just
for a clarification that's a big mole
hill and that's a fresh mole hill so
when this mole is single-handedly
destroying my garden at the other day it
was only two so now there's one two
three four five six seven seven mole
hills boardy hell and my dad did speak
to someone about getting a mole trap
bought I want I don't ever the trap
kills it because I kind of want to only
catch them all and keep them all I would
like a pet mole pretty much because then
I can add him to my farm and collection
of when I steal a sheep and oh my god
improv proper is on now any boys look at
this wait a con oh is that a country I
had no idea but this is my Christmas
tree that's been growing ever since I
lived here any sheep behind me on my
fence no oh my god this mall has been
going on an absolute madan can I hire
you guys for your services to just like
keep the small away from me all right
just like keep stomped on the ground
it'll get scared I'm sure but yeah look
I've got I've got a little lovely
neighbors at the moment they're actually
looking really nice and fat so it won't
be long before they probably gonna get
sure sure
shared and an F and chopped up so yeah
my name's Tom very nice to meet you oh
there's one black sheep go on that light
unless it's just a really dirty sheep I
don't know I can't tell it looks like
it's got white colour on the top of them
on the side spot yeah nice to meet you
all have a great day and I hope it has
great I love my garden two pieces I
really do it's just that every time I
come down here I can't help but just be
like I wish I could remove this fence
and all that land was mined but nope and
the next 10 to 20 years
this entire Latins gonna be houses sixth
on it but the local farm guy is selling
it on and building houses and he said
he's not gonna make it so it's like
crammed full of loads of houses but you
know what you can only go off what they
say I hope you should hope they stick to
that but if the government turn around a
blight known about 19 million homes that
you know what that's exactly what you do
okay
oh and if the people who do know about
that and like Tom what are you gonna do
about it like well I'm not gonna do
anything I can still see a nice view I
get to see sheep now but this will be
houses so I'll just get some more of
these colorful trees put them along
there I don't see anything either that
oh I don't know I don't think I would
but I could even sell this house and
build a new one and if I did build a new
one that would be such good content for
the vlog you know like daily I like a
week I think a weekly vlog it'd be
really good our weekly recap of the
house she was pure and simply because
when I was building this house the first
time around that's when I didn't do
daily vlogging and I wish I wish had a
bit more with his push or pull I wish
you had a bit more like footage to go
back on you know what see you like when
the house is being built and I do have
some but I don't have a lot so if I ever
built a house again from scratch I'd
proper proper proper document it even
bear I just do daily log basically boy
I'll just keep having I love this house
to pieces but keep having ideas of like
what I'd do a little bit differently or
what I'd do here or what I would do
there I kind of really want to build a
new house I love this one I could keep
this one and then go and make my curse a
single bachelor pad in the middle of
nowhere I think that makes more sense
keep this is like the family home my
home for life but then go and find
somewhere with like 100 acres of land in
the middle of nowhere don't care about
living in it for life but just make like
some cool underground bunker e style fun
one for me which I think would be
perfectly alright that's where I've got
my one for my defender quad bikes
motorbikes
I'm a blowing shit up like that soon as
you say blowing shit up then it's like
I'll get guns and I might as well just
buy some land in Texas Smila
fly out to where hex lives by sit like
200 acres of London for like a quarter
of the price because it's cheaper out
there get a good license out there
and you basically do what you want in
America I want to flamethrower out there
if you want you want to fight for over a
fool you get done done well today is
kind of a sad little day actually
because I've joined Lydia
because it's her sisters goodbye meal
the goodbye meals at five guys oh yeah
she's gone up to Shanghai for you to
work at Disney house ads that was
awesome but how's that the hardest
decision to me I'm just gonna be boring
I'm gonna keep it simple coca-cola oh
that's such a good photo
oh you better put this one up on your
wall oh I love it I absolutely love it
to the Last Supper that diet starts
tomorrow that looks okay oh it's okay
sure oh my gosh
I've got really that's the joke she
finishes with five guys that explain to
yourself okay I'll be sure to share it
but she just like the best
instagrams ever I'm like do vlogging so
she does I'll be shows like you guys go
I know she's not going till tomorrow but
by now okay she's right freely by the
way burger was way too big for me and
all you can drink drink oh my gosh look
I love all about them
that was a like a ninja then jig
I heard fast movement videos I think
I've drunk my entire body weight in
liquid midnight waiting to send by rumor
clips and you know what as I'm going
through the footage all I want to do is
just say goodbye
iPhone excess and hello iPhone apps cuz
again this thing of how close this thing
is to face it's like just can you just
back up a little bit please it's just
rude it was so satisfying to go back to
using this thing it's the one thing I've
been died and hoping and praying for an
iPhone with 1080p front-facing camera
like 60fps and it came out and it's got
this default of just like super zoomed
and I know this is not gonna be possible
in the slightest but if anyone who
watches this vlog has a family member
who works at Apple I know this is a long
shot
dear Apple please can you somehow I
don't know how to do it or what to do
but is there any way you can put out an
update to make this camera not so zoomed
in like this because when I switch it to
picture your like photo
it fits loads in the front face and it's
absolutely perfect but as soon as you
put the video but I guess it's the lens
it uses and stuff it's just like burning
ah this is like picture mode this is
like video mode so if there's anyone out
there please Apple put out an update to
make this camera right here more of a
wide-angle like yeah I could get like a
clip-on lens but they come after they
won't fit in your pocket stuff like that
and please just make the perfect camera
on do you know what we need to do we
need to speak to min
see your razor and with the next edition
of the razor phone that comes out okay
front camera back camera 60fps with a
wide-angle zoom that would be the dream
of vlogging phone cuz then it's a gaming
phone as well like a hundred one hundred
forty Hertz screen god damn 120 point
only 20 Hertz screen god damn that would
be amazing but dear Apple please get
like a daily vlog for like three three
years with it can we please have a bit
communication I know I'm a nobody and
all that sort of stuff and you've got
your trillion dollar company but you're
a trillion dollar company please for the
love of goodness me get rid of the
headphone jack
sure absolutely make billions and
trillions off these little dongle things
that yourself for headphones but just
allow me to help guide you with this
front-facing video camera known everyone
uses it I do so now that they didn't
listen to this message and don't care in
the slightest I'm gonna go I'm gonna
love you I'm gonna leave you oh but I
don't say this right now in yesterday's
vlog I said I'll get me hang up my
granddad today but unfortunately I
couldn't obviously because I had to end
up waiting in for my passport that's why
I was like just downstairs waiting for
the entire day so unfortunately didn't
see my granddad so if everything can pan
out differently throughout the week I
will go out and see him a lot of people
get really like personal no you don't
see granddad you don't want him I do I
love him to pieces when he comes around
I spent like a bunch of time with him
and then it's like right granddad I've
got get on with things and I don't film
the entire time you talking to my film
like ten seconds of it and then it looks
like I'm just like not spoke to him at
all so don't worry don't stress I will
be seeing him I'm looking forward to
seeing him I don't know what he's up to
he's not he's not reached out to me for
a few days so I'm hoping he's okay you
should be it should be a-ok
I hope he hasn't crashed his car into
any walls or anything like that or
scratched his tyres anymore and we'll
see how it all goes but I'm going to end
today's vlog thank you very much for
watching
make sure you've liked her in subscribe
and hopefully either tomorrow or through
the week we will see the return of
garden one like oh wait I was gonna say
one like grating equals one love for
garden but then I just decided that this
dislikes on this for the vow of which
phone to use so either way if you love
God and makes you look like great oh you
know what just leave some nice comments
now I'll read him some off in the
bargain we'll see what's reactions are
anyway sorry boss
