oh my goodness me so today's the day
where it's my dad's birthday epicness
but we've only come to install my
internet Lee I'm so excited I'm so
goddamn happy more importantly I'm going
out with my dad I'm going out with my
dad oh wait I'm literally gonna I'm
gonna have to tell them to like go away
they've just said to me the road hasn't
been dug up we've not installed anything
the road for them yet so even if they
install this cable there'll be no
internet so I'm gonna ring with it now I
can't even believe it just cuz all the
pride I'm gonna walk away and hope they
can come back tomorrow
I refuse to mess my dad about with on
his birthday
climbing up in the loft all that sort of
stuff I'm not putting on him today
I can't there's no way the fact that the
balls roll is like Axl is rolling makes
me happy
oh it's not fair I've gotta go stay
strong well okay going down I brush it
off to me dad's ouch now we've got to
get a taxi and then we've got to get a
water taxi never done that before so not
sure how it's gonna be there is a 60%
chance of rain everybody's told me it's
gonna rain so I didn't bring a
waterproof jacket I brought me all
saints' hoodie and that's about that
yeah happy birthday
bye
just what I always wanted happy bird
you've seen it like 16 pounds
Princeville on my side of my house but
I've always wanted it off asking look at
you
well I did get the mom dress quite smart
actually book oh my god you are a smooth
operator I know smart as me no no way
that Jackie's health brush that
basically just did a runner out of a
taxi we both forgot oh yeah we got we
got out the taxi to walk into the John
Lewis as fast as we could
and then I got hard surrounds like an L
so sorry mate I completely thought it
was an uber the shoes that I bought in
All Saints really nice shoes super
uncomfortable like a ridiculous
uncomfortable and I've got a blister on
the back of my foot already so I might
need to remove my thin socks some sick
ones rather than complaining about my
feet all day I just went into a JD and
bought some trainer socks like thick
trailer socks and oh my god the
difference they just made on my feet
heavenly yeah we're still walking we're
still adventuring we're outside Legoland
whatever surprise we're actually going
to Legoland whoa right I'll see you in
two hours all right have fun
look what this this must be the smallest
Legoland ever here we are all right Tex
Tex a beer in ten minutes
is that is that it watch it it's got a
whoopsie
ladies and gentlemen to the watch a
there whack see this is what we gain
this there's gonna be a yellow boat to
come and pick us up to take us to
Manchester yeah this is this is an
experience I will say if it was if it
was sunny then this would be amazing one
I know that it's not amazing now but
just saying it is actually on his way a
little yellow tiny text look how happy
Oh imagine if you'd be shaped like a dog
that would be cool the guys pedaling it
he's like pedaling along is that what
you've taken on is that what we're
supposed to be doing it's a very
interesting way of getting to Manchester
but I don't think it's the most
time-efficient me to be first you may be
banged on the dot
like actually on the dot oh he's angling
in gone that lad
this is amazing what oh there's no one
else on it it's a private yacht no way
that is so epic that is so sick dude
we've got our own private Chad yeah
because I send you on the back of it men
it's his birthday Moses away I told him
I told him we're going on a booze cruise
wow this is hella random how cool how
fast is this pub I go 40 miles per hours
of it
hello wave to a random fisherman that's
not weird at all what you know well he's
the Kellogg's logo okay because it is a
chicken they numbers in it yeah right
I'm right it was chicken thank God for
that whew this is straight up some Rosie
and Jim shit good show I knew it was a
chicken it sounded so stupid but I was
like is it a chicken
we can't tell Carl about this dad yeah
Kyle's gonna kill as if he knows we
stopped to take a photo of this like
welcome to Manchester United it was not
whatever going for my dad's birthday but
that we're staying in the taxi my dad's
doing a photo shoot with Moses the their
captain I was looking Ken I'm taking a
fuck I'm taking a photo of you taking a
photo of that well okay what a run good
idea good idea such a random thing but
so brilliant this is like a half an hour
boat ride cost like a quitter
yeah it's really cool absolutely
gorgeous we made it it's a bunch estes
city centre
this is really
it was the longest way possible to get
to Manchester I'm just gonna say that
right now
sorry Moses and not to take away from
your job in the slightest bought bloody
hell
did it take a minute but it was really
nice fun you've got a really good ride
down there it's so pretty
is that Jukes there on the right oh my
Moses daughter dawn service
I'd say he's over that was good for me
we'll be attacked by a quack thank you
very much Moses appreciate my man thank
you awesome just like that a water taxi
into Manchester this is what we did
Manchester water taxis a waxy just walk
straight down there get on it take your
home if it was a sunny day this would be
just perfection right look at it
absolute perfection however all things I
very much what I refund on the issues
I've never ever said that about pair of
shoes in my life but these are awful
it's the worst shoes trainers whatever
gonna call have ever ever Ward in my
life they're disgusting the fitment of
the right size bought the terrible rule
Alarcon very nice spot
welcome to Jukes this is a very nice
little restaurant a bar I'm gonna get
some food straight away you going in for
some it big and going into some dynamite
prawns that looks pretty good I don't
like the sound of that a main course no
chicken trees your hash I like the sound
of that
am i ordered non-alcoholic beer and my
dad would never know looking wrong I
know I don't have to have a drink
oh there's my dad's birthday I always
have a bay with everything or 663 years
old and a social medium dude we managed
to get on that taxi he managed to tag me
with the taxi company tag me tag our
location and post a photo or before I
even managed to send like one text
account I have trained him well
and to say deep though I remember the
story of the day when I was like I don't
need people to know where I am or what
I'm doing or anything like that
respected it until one day at 3 o'clock
in the morning
came into a cave internal into the Lao
into the dining room and then all of a
sudden there's dad are walking so I can
hear some noise and some banging in the
dining room and I go in there and my dad
sat there and his laptop logging into
his Facebook picking his name set his
profile picture and then from that
moment on he's been on social media and
wizard but to you dad cheers mate
happy birthday to happiness hope to open
I make it to 63 Jesus Tom producer
favorite keep telling everybody how all
that oh sorry
everyone always goes like why'd you call
you Ken I don't know
did you find it did you find it rude not
call you care more I didn't call you
that a lot but very easy kill McKenna
don't feel as although you heard it that
first I do call him dad in the right
circumstance but what the time I climb 8
more than anything
don't overthink yeah nobody but you
don't say hey son give me a stone it's
like I buy another like me or something
like that that's how we've always like
communicated I know there's some people
who like gorillas kids like oh and
calling the parents like by the name I
hope that Ken I always thought of dad as
growing up but as I developed as Earth
is a young man called him Kent chicken
wings
dynamite prawns Barack Obama which by
the way is my favorite cheese black
bomber cheddar cheese melted on some
fries and then after that because dad's
got a thing
finger-licking taste for some fish and
so of I just wanna can I eat alright
today regardless of this amount of a
steak later on tonight the the grapes
because where's usually closes on a
Tuesday what dad's most convinced him to
open up the restaurant so we have a
birthday meal there so where's I really
appreciate me thank you so much enough
to do I'm gonna go to one of the best
fish restaurants in Manchester it's
called burger and lobster smaller so see
how it goes
internet update dad's gonna be at my
house tomorrow at eight o'clock in the
morning the guys are gonna come back
they're gonna do the wire section from
my house to the pool and I install
everything in my side so it's like it's
kind of doing the job backwards so
rather than going from I've been in that
box to this list the route starting from
the root of backwards so that it
hopefully speeds up the other team to
come in and finish the job so we're
tomorrow through one step closer to
getting that finished on to the next
spot we're going to place called burger
and lobster mate reorder how I funds the
area ship canal house burger and lobster
I don't know are you fought you even
hungry I've got to be honest those
chicken wings and shit filled me up now
mate we're going in
wait is this even the entrance passing
yeah we wait in the wrong building
wait is this even the entrance howdy ok
ok stop
how do we get in that building is that
it burger and lobster does that even say
burger and lobster I got read it what a
random building design I so random oh we
made it
tada burger and lobster they're gonna
bring out the lobster for us to say
hello to before she goes and yeah we're
gonna say hello to it
Chrissie before killing it and they're
gonna bring out this one 1.5 kilograms
and kilograms yeah a lobster meat look
but if I'm gonna say hello to it I hope
she lets me hold it and take a selfie
with it that's definitely gonna be my
thumbnail to say she's gonna get it
oh she's been gone a while she's
separating him from his family and his
friends and his children and his sons it
could be anything I could about you if
your birthday I could about you anything
for your birthday what Dad I bought you
a pet lobster can we keep it can we take
it home Kenya can I put it in front of
him it's like yeah yeah oh my god
yeah holding them this is definitely a
bitch so is that the best birthday
present you haven't been bought hi there
yeah he's got a pond at home you could
put it back a little bit
do you feel bad
yeah I do where's good tastes great
let's be fair this is the Packer
punished oh my gosh this is good and if
you guys like this place and you know my
Goku's Tom went because that does happen
in my vlog sometimes and it's closing
out and this entire building is yeah
yeah it's nice to come before us
absolutely this entire building is huge
it's gonna become a dance building
drinking and dance
so from burger and lobster to drinking
and dance best of luck to your new
businessman
oh my pick that car up are you kid that
is the biggest car I've ever seen in my
life
that's like a burger in it
that's like a like a chicken breast
beautiful girl is it nice yeah so classy
oh my god oh my god
he's nice like that so fresh I can
safely say I think we smashed that butt
job
you liked it good decision oh yeah
could you what is this oh don't say that
riperoni pepperoni happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you
day-day dad happy birthday to you to
help you to happiness
make a serious wish you ready yeah okay
I'll think about it
keep it hard
he's so cute hello yeah yeah oh my god
Hey Dude sorry we at your cousin your
brother your uncle your father so I'm
sorry I'm so sorry
pretty sad life being a lobster in it
your fish you'll get caught and you get
killed straight away if you're a lobster
you get caught and then you just left to
sit in a tank all this time but you were
very tasty and we did try to take you
home but the work allowed quickly check
in did my vlog upload yes it did
overcome in the fog yeah no I really
this is some door-to-door service in it
badly this one talk about something
obviously thank you so much me I was
well not looking forward to getting in
this rain I'm walking around your ears
Jost look I'm saying this right now
you've had my pants right down without
thumbnail today mate yep still miserable
in England man I tell you what I've been
dying to know for so long what's in was
a storage cupboard plates
where's legitimately opened up the
restaurant just today for my dad free
birthday how awesome is that like well
lit a toast a toast
- Ken sorry cheers - okay are you just
the best person ever do thank you very
much man he's okay Steven okay what did
he actually say to you to convince you
to do this in Scooby's balcony Oh
counties were reunited for the first
time it's almost like they've already
had this moment survived the hell do you
think you're going I'm following you go
and sit there
I don't know I'm not fully walked in the
room yet Dave like this we're gonna take
a table of like 15 tell me you drunk are
you drunk yet Tony you drunk no yeah
Wow say mom okay was it where's these
menus like specials employment he's got
Lobster he's got Tiger broad and
paul-jean outs remise like Wes
you've got above and beyond for my dad
tonight so thank you have you seen it
he is actually strong sturdy I had no
idea if it was just a pretty story but a
14-ounce state rib eye on there for you
for you you havin a boy having steak no
ask for a custom dish oh yeah no I just
best friend of the chef I reckon Joseph
so you should come up next weekend
Joe sorry I just look just look I reckon
so so toast look and Byron next weekend
Manchester next weekend Madison
toasted oh my road new minority just for
the heck on he wasn't trying to steal
Olli
yeah I'm just I was trying to give him
give her away yeah what's bad
Joe Byron next weekend come to
Manchester come to Manchester come to
Manchester Alice how was it is it is it
good I liked how was it
grim oh my god best best for last
Wes Wes was made me the ultimate meal
that he made me lost time happy birthday
happy birthday too
CGV thank you very much for tonight you
have a job
it was made and thus concludes a
successful day Oh see you tomorrow
cheers oh my Selah come come come come
come come come come
I don't think it would be fun actually
sitting on a boat thirty minutes at 10
miles per hour but it turned out to be a
very nice night you're gonna you're
gonna get money internet and started
aren't you I'm there I'm on it thank you
okay thanks thank you for the ride home
appreciate you grade a parking bra a
little bit bro hello me rule yeah don't
say that cuz you make off the edge still
last time someone said that they nearly
crashed in tonight the gates okay so
don't do it
or if you stop that then what a nice
night really nice to hear my dad really
nice that with everyone for the food and
stuff like that honestly good vibes good
people great fun with like I've got a
really good night not however so happy
about tomorrow because tomorrow I
I'll meet with the dentist I don't know
whether I'm meeting him to get something
done because of like work they've
already like assessed or whether I'm
going in for consultation about what its
gonna be and I think it's the
consultation I think I'm gonna go in
they're gonna look at x-rays you've
proved that previously taker and they're
gonna decide whether or not they need to
read rule out my tooth that I've already
had drilled to then put fresh bedding it
into it and then put a brand new fresh
crown on it so if that's the case it's
gonna be like a two and a half hour
procedure which I'd rather just be put
to sleep or you know like - like sedate
it or something like that but just
anaesthetic when they're drilling into
your face for two hours is like no it's
just a big no I don't want it so
hopefully that's not the case poor it is
where it is I'll deal with the
consequences that's just the way the
cookie crumbles ya know like edited
uploaded on time for your faces I'm
getting good at this I'm getting
seriously good at this and you know what
when I get my unit new new new new new
new Internet when I got my new Internet
it'll be even better he'll be even
quicker uploaded so Department I could
start like making my videos in better
quality because they're you know I can
change my camera to 4k but the reason
why I never uploaded the 4k footage is
because it just took me forever to do so
hey man you never know we might get some
better quality vlogs I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog I really did really
nice day we went done it was nice you
know Kris Bruce open goes to like
different locations throughout the day
rather than just go hey we're just gonna
go to a meal here that's it that's the
day don't goodbye we did there what like
way to travel senator like the wall
attack see the two different restaurants
everywhere to like meet you know with
the lads of the wine bar than the grapes
just like really good vibes and really
good people like that that's something
that I've always taken from a dad that
he surrounds himself by such positive
good people and like you know it's and
it's really rubbed off on me so dad
thank you for say thank you for being my
dad man you're an awesome homey like
you're the most talented man i I've ever
known you're capable of things that no
man can do like he could literally build
this house from scratch if you gave him
enough time by himself he could do
everything like you asked me to do a
blood I can retail your roof and do
maybe electrical work and that's about
it but it's just this most talent
manatees
he's like here's my he's my inspiration
like he's seriously seriously is such a
hard-working dude in our audience pieces
so well without stopping us out of the
way thank you for watching guys thank
you for being part of this this is this
like adventure which is the life of Tom
thank you for watching the vlogs I
appreciate every single person who takes
a second out their day to even watch a
bit of the video or you know leave a
comment or anything like that and on
that note yesterday's vlog I was like oh
you know I love respond to your guys
comments which I do I do a lot like I
was up at 3 o'clock in the morning till
half for responding to about 500
comments didn't even make it didn't
there was two thousand seven comments
and yesterday's look what are you guys
doing what are you doing to me I'm
trying I'm trying to really interact
with this like awesome family that we
have here but I've got a lot of I've got
a lot of brothers and sisters to try and
respond to all the family malama in the
comments it's been difficult but to
everyone you understand you know like
there is one of me there's like
literally thousands of you I appreciate
it so I'm gonna end it here thank you
once again for tuning in if we can hear
1337 like rain oh yeah head yeah it's
the target to try and hear leave up like
rating like click that thumbs up button
click the subscribe button again if
you're watching this YouTube video and
you're like what do you mean keep
replying to comments how do I comment if
you're watching this video and you don't
have a youtube account make a youtube
account click the subscribe button ding
don't got no application Bell and go and
leave a comment down below it can be
about anything it can be about pigeons
flying tortoises I don't even know what
that means I was just thinking mataró
stands for a pigeon I'll see you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. next daily vlog where
I've been to the dentist I have some
news and I have some new news about me
Internet so until then I'll keep you
guys posted
alright much love the hot
