- snook that made complete sense but
look at England right now
the weather's actually that nice that I
get to open my bi-fold doors so when I'm
in bed lame but look at this look at
that I could just see out anything but
green and sunshine I know
oh my gosh does it make me happy I'm
like a totally different person when the
sun's out I love you England sometimes
and you better know that this is the
like most famous Western song ever I'm
pretty sick on gold rush isn't it not
too sure got Spotify clink clanging some
tunes on I'm gonna go get up get my
breakfast start my day and then I
believe we're having a blob and today
shirt choice is gonna be the Kenji white
o'clock and love crunchy nut and
chocolate swirls it might actually be my
favorite cereal I know that's a strong
statement cuz yo I do love a good cocoa
puffs I do love my Nesquik chocolate
balls but I just think this is just
incredible you're actually shoutout to
my fruit and fiber I know it's like an
old man's breakfast cuz my dad always
had it growing up but rubbed off on it a
little bit vlogs uploading should be up
on time I'm literally so excited to step
outside today my dad actually turned up
to my house earlier on cuz I heard my
alarm code be important it came in a Fed
Steve and then I don't know what else
because he didn't say hello he just came
and left so you know Papa Papa Papa no
Papa the old school original pair of
flippy floppies yeah game I put up this
hand oh damn right are you ready for it
yeah oh my god okay this hats not doing
me any good oh my god
that's amazing how could just a thing
like sunlight make me feel so good oh so
a baby will the barbecue actually be
able to happen it's dependent on whether
this thing works
moldy oh I'm in joking you what the
hell's up in here
that's disgusting the chopping board
wood went moldy needs like a proper
clean down oh my god we never cleaned it
I think we did actually but clearly just
not good enough
and then what's this okay so it's fine
what does it work do I even have any gas
yes I do
oh it still likes it still lights yes
does he stay lit I don't really eat
stays lit though
oh I'm cleaning the grill and I may have
put a bit too much soap if in the basin
is this even full or is this yeah this
is full clean the girls off and I've got
a guest my grown dude hello he wants to
take me out for dinner but I've got to
get this done before I do anything
because like if I can't get the barbecue
side room tonight you were manly man if
pixabay with you I need like some proper
like metal cleaner to get rid of all
these marks and like all this and all
this on the top but if I get it rock and
rolling firing firing firing firing yeah
boy I don't know how much gas I've got
left but nonetheless I've done my job
it worked and boy oh boy am i hot and
sweaty so time to go get some beer get
some food ready tell you some of mine I
am exhausted and I'm in a rush to do
everything and I've got the pet toy toys
with me for the day come on there's
nothing quite like bumping into a all
the ex-girlfriend who's now got a kid
who's 2 years old
really nice to see a long time no see
but he'd mad of people you weren't seen
in like eight nine ten years you know
randomly bump into him then like you
find out their lives have changed so
much that's crazy
berry score a bang what I don't know
black more to light round you sinks and
stuff like that I'm trying I'm trying
get rid of grease hey goodness do you
need any more flowers for your flower
patch no no yeah he's waiting for the
right time everyone's been asking her
what's he doing with his fall patch
patch again is he done it yeah when are
you gonna finish it I'll start it great
answer they're gonna thanks I mean
regretted nearly just crashed right on
the backside and so when they slammed on
in front it was so unnecessary every
other person the Carrows was like can't
believe what they did they slammed on it
for a lily hey crash there we go in that
yeah well my fridge is looking summer
ready now sigh nothing I'm sorry but did
I just hear you say it's four days like
this that this house is amazing
not every day of the week this built was
this house was built for partying and
summer and just they just think you can
come down more often when you live local
every weekend man house is right this is
what this house was designed for the
house was absurd designed for party in
which you know like I did start living
here when I was 21 they mark pies it was
kind of ridiculous he was every weekend
all me my homies that's all we did and
then a thing was built the house for
that but then I was went off traveling
so when I went off traveling all the
time it's just like because I wasn't
there good threw a party man you know
what even if it's one day the year
that's like this I can have everyone
round there's definitely days like this
that do make me appreciate the ability
to have my family around and like
entertain at the house because this week
like I remember if you go back to the
videos where we were building the house
I do it quite often like go back to when
I was like you know I was in the
basement was like artists where my desk
is gonna be because I supposed up my
office downstairs and then I switched it
to upstairs but it's just like it's
crazy to think that that's like five
years ago now
and here we are oh say again apparently
everyone really liked the idea of the
posters yesterday so got a lot of Sun I
don't wanna do that but your mum's
rolled in clutch lamb chops but the hell
it were Burger Mel's oh oh wow that
sounds amazing
okay good then got trees oh and chicken
kabobs yes I love them healthy stuff and
burgers oh god mom seventeen hours later
I've not even I think I'm missing half
my cushions because I don't know where
they are to finish that I've come kinda
completed this one and then I feel like
there's support like that doesn't look
like it's supposed to be there but this
is the biggest jigsaw ever I'm just
gonna I'm gonna assume I was gonna
assume this goes here and I don't know
if they're supposed to be backs to him
like that's what I'm trying to work out
like am i is that where I'm going wrong
okay I gave up it looks it looks good
enough they do a good job with the
jigsaw pieces yeah that's all I need but
I finally decided to get on the world's
lowest hanging sorry may bless your job
I would say you're fired but you got my
house first of all dad I appreciate the
helmet right this weather perfect but he
says it's fine and it works I don't
agree I do not think that this this
hammock was meant to come with this
frame where's Devon how low do you want
to go now I don't consider myself fat
fuck maybe not yeah I'm touching the
floor so okay no you fine look you fine
I can't swing no I can't swing look so
what
stop it it basically you're far you're
too heavy for the helmet do not try this
at home helping safety okay alright lie
lie seriously you put your feet there so
most you don't do not touching the floor
maybe six inches you could bury you in
that suit oh my god alice approaches the
hammock
may I please touch whoa good yell um no
no you're okay you okay but the thing is
like look so much like look it moves
there hello little Stephen check this
out look at look at Stephens ear is in
an era start to shed mate this ear
situations kind of funky look at that
I'm not pulling it up cuz I don't a
damage and look at that how strange is
that
hey this is getting familiar in it this
is literally like yesterday's vlog Tom's
back but we invited Tom for the barbecue
but is going out for he's girlfriend's
mums he's going out for Suzanne's
birthday I was actually supposed to go
into Sue's on school apparently always
post going to school and be like don't
do drugs video games are bad for you oh
there you go
alice is it alice is in the bag of bolts
who the hell is that guy sign of them
today thanks me hey I never got to our
train journey to London Hey look at this
bag of balls but look at that I really
don't want to gates to closed on me but
I really want to film Tom to drive away
by now good bye
oh my god
Jesus Christ that's a piece of care what
are you shouting at me woman if I got a
sign on them odl so so this is between
you and me in the vlog cause like this
is like secret to mom
how much are you gonna hate sending all
these posters out tomorrow she's like I
don't have anything to do with this
Eamon like for the record I have no
problem signing these posters in slice
like I can do all of them and I will do
all of them not a problem not a problem
however she has to roll them all pop
come on set them all out yes that's
quite a few that sign there that's well
more than 50 surely right yeah well this
is my house this is it for entertaining
in the you know what even if they build
houses there I can just throw burgers at
my name is that your ma your Mohammed
gave yo but you know what I will miss
the most like truly maharshi's walk
around and stuff this is actually green
belt line but I believe it's been
changed to not green belt to bow belt or
something so they're gonna build like a
bunch of houses on it but they're
supposed to be in the scale of like you
know house house house house like that
you know like staggered rather than
terrace houses sorry is what I'm looking
for so it shouldn't be too crazy looking
but at the same time who knows but I
will lose my horses door make burgers
lamb chops chorizo kebabs and they go on
the burgers so I think my first moment
you know when tom has of those deep
moments where I just talk to you for
ages probably cuz I'm drunk well I'm
actually not I've had one bottle
Budweiser the Jamison and coke Sam I'm
actually currently okay cuz I still got
yeah a train down to London but the fact
that I'm sat in my own house right now
with a barbecue rock and rollin with the
sun shining at me with family surrounded
me I was so thankful I really mean it
never in my life do I expect this to be
like this bro because it snows at most
the time and rains most the time in
England and this is the one day out of
365 days a year you'll hear me say it
what
moments like this definitely make me so
thankful
so for that I thank you guys seriously
we are a true family on this channel and
every other YouTube might try and say it
bought I've been through thick and thin
on the internet with you guys and you've
always had my back and you know what
that is that's a family 8 year strong
boys I've only loved for two years but
you've known me for eight years dick and
then also GZ it's a bird it's a plane no
it's an Emirates like world's biggest
that is actually the world's biggest
plane that's the flight that goes from
Manchester to Dubai absolutely Jagger
that's the first plane Casey nice that
reviewed that's how big that plane what
you've been on the plane you've been on
the plane I don't think you have but
you're cool
I hate you
well that was a great entry from Carl
nice to see you man I'm glad you managed
to make it today
well shit myself little bit of a live
stream I'd remember a minute everyone
calm I'm a MILF and got to say very
inappropriate words but Alice Alice
first chef of the night has cooked a
kebab now I like that she's put
vegetables on it but I'm just ignoring
them
like legit I'd say well I'll try it
smile we got some pork wine going on
here we got some weight oh you didn't
put these on Ali's burger melts what the
melts on the burger is a good ol
barbecue chaser maple yeah oh my god
really tastes a bit map or map maple
maple maple well that's uh coming your
burgers ready
I look at you expelled brown eye film
every day my life uh you don't fill with
me are you yeah close enough Molk give
me my own Oh like it you're showing off
welcome to the barbecue Darren welcome
yeah the warning is careful you may
actually touch the floor oh look at this
look at this the sun's setting
we got my night guard chilly breeze nice
okay way to get it open good right
where'd you get those oh please bro guy
Palace is where she belongs and my mom
is just absolutely pissed our face this
is the excuse we're going to so we did
not expect so many people to want a
signed poster so I'm like I'm handing
siding every poster like I said happy to
do so but oh my god am I even happier to
do it it Johnson Sean Sean the situation
we got barbecue going we've got a
hammock go it you're supposed to Penn to
the things I shout out more barbecue
going we've got going we got we got
Alice in the kitchen making drinks and
then we got me good job huh and then we
got me over here
siding posters now obviously it doesn't
usually take this long I'm quite fast
with it but I am gonna hand sign these
and you may randomly get a surprise
drawing or scribble of information
written on this as an easter egg so if
you get a poster that isn't just wait so
speedy right that isn't just a signature
if you get something more than just that
then you know you've got an easter egg
and if you have one two years sitting in
the ice machine are you trying to show
me be a word class genuine blood right
there from last victim he was a victim
more importantly did you use a poster to
do this with Wow yeah I'm gonna quickly
have a shower how much I am actually
gonna have a shower I'm gonna shower
pack my bags and then set up the train
station about ten minutes hopefully I'm
not lady I have convinced whilst I've
been at the house my dad's been here cuz
none of this was here earlier today I
don't know how he's pulled it off but
he's nothing ninja oh my god my house
looks so magical look at it oh wait
Darrin and mom actually said ya don't
have a match they left without saying
goodbye mine came saw delivered all
right we have to go cuz my trains at
like 20 masters it's like 9 o'clock at
night okay
no my knight Kensi literally I was
upstairs I hadn't heard a cough I have
it a shower and I heard her do you cough
do you cough I heard I was like but
dad's here
all right dad I'm going to London love
you man bye now
no your flat video Facebook on there Oh
check in a minute
I really didn't pack for this trip like
oh I'm sorry we are in a rush so we
should walk faster we're going go we're
going to the yeah I swear got a geez
don't even rush you're fine
it's 9 o'clock on the door and my trains
uh my trains that my turns at 9:23 but
yeah no I'm not I've only parked socks
and boxers yours and my toiletries I'm
gonna have to buy and shoes a shirt and
a jacket for a night out so yeah I got
two options the roadway or the motorway
and we were like now the roadways are
similar eta let's just go that way
I complete this so much roadworks guys
literally don't like at least seven more
minutes together bro
wide a virgin is like what the heck my
friend that road really did not need to
be closed right now because we're now
probably Oh dilly dilly yo cow my my car
you got me so fucking fast
okay I'm going is it raining
may I maybe wait I need my bag anymore
that goes my give me laptop secrets
secrets okay bye I might emoji if I miss
the train now Jesus Christ he's been
drinking but I kind of made it like I'm
not even tie my shoelaces and I'm not
printing my ticket off yeah but I'm
close I don't know why they were all
panicking and rushing me
I made it here on time you actually
couldn't make up how perfect time this
is in three two one boom there's my
train Jesus
yo dead on the dot London Houston here I
come look at that oh my god that train
drivers well proud of himself
two minutes walking and walking and
walking it walks no thank you
sweet this train is absolutely dead is
he is available particulars and Carl
forgetting me here on time I think I
would have made it anyway without the
moral scenery I was gonna get a taxi for
you know what I got a judge I'm on the
train I'm going to where need to be
watered Thank You Allison Carr
forgetting me here on time I think I
would have made it anyway without the
moral scenery I was gonna get attempt if
you you know what I got a judge I'm on
the train I'm going to where need to be
also love it saying this right now I'm
feeling so organized I've edited the
vlog up until 20 minutes so what I'm out
tomorrow but Casper's birthday pie I
will have all day to just be free to
shop and whoever I want and not have to
worry about editing it because Joe's got
like a thousand of a thousand down
Internet so building this vlogs gonna
show up but I've gotta do is film these
clips from getting from the Train to
Joe's house it'll be past midnight soul
and the vlog and longer haul the vlog
will be finished
dedication is real I'd also like to do a
shout out to the the train hold me with
a car because he came back and gave me
one bit I was like okay thanks he was
like this guy's clearly an alcoholic
came back 20 minutes later gave you
another two I was like I'm done for now
gonna close the laptop this is some
tunes and then reply to comments from
you guys on my latest YouTube video the
entire way I've got about another hour
less so I've got an hour every plan to
comments at the feedback over the past
like week has been the best it's ever
been in my eight years on YouTube and I
know it sounds so stupid but like it
really is so thank you for being you and
again if you haven't done you're
watching this like say because you saw
the tweet or you just saw the video and
you clicked it if you don't have a
youtube account make a youtube account
like sign up make it your name give
yourself a profile picture click that
subscribe button on the on the channel
so you can get the notifications of the
videos and then leave a comment and then
I'll see you guys comments and I get the
response here and that's the whole
reason that I have the channel since day
one is because I always wanted a
community and I wanted a community and I
gained a family so thank you 50 minute
delay later were finally getting into
London Euston mate we're here we're
queer
okay Youth past not where I was meaning
to go without but it just made sense and
by the way I think I got sunburned skip
to 20 years in my life or I'm like I
wish I would have used some cream as a
kid like my mom keeps sayin to me but I
tell you what
whenever I see color on my skin man or
just changes everything I'm so bloody
Harper but like I just said we are
indeed inland in Houston so time to get
an uber ok this trend just doesn't want
to let me know oh maybe this I pressed
that 15 times before a film I quit
alright here we go is it been busy no of
Corti maintain this brush dressed for
the summer I had awesome barbecue my
family and I'm where I need to be so I
am not complaining I gotta do is walk
out these doors to the front take a left
uber then I'm going to my destination
manage to reply to don't you comments on
my phone because the thing is
but the Wi-Fi on that train isn't bad
like I can load Twitter like for fun but
I can't open YouTube like I don't know
it's bond our deeds use a drop she's
something I started applied to come in
from a lot somebody just want to work
side she's my phone instead book a nice
respond to a bunch you guys so happy
days and here's one of the rarest things
you'll ever see London Houston train
station absolutely empty look at the
boards nothing on it two trains going
out for the rest of the night when I'm
traveling home which I haven't yet got
my ticket for probably really should
because yeah I'm just currently blogging
telling a story anybody was I guess
you're jumpin in you okay nice one I
just tell his story hello to Brandon
there you go sir I'm just explaining the
story aluminum Marvin like if I don't
get a ticket button now to get me home
to like Manchester I'm fucked
I think Jesus yeah right are you
vlogging
yeah I'm fortunately one of those guys
films every day of his life while
filming just enjoy the experience or do
yeah but it's better over memory got
shit like almost got like short-term
memory loss bought I can now stop and go
back and go what did i do three years
ago go back and watch my entire fucking
day I don't even meet people go you
watch my videos and they go when you did
that like I don't clearly talk about
well like went out the Cayman Islands
bored one day and they're like learn to
kite surf dive PI it hard and it was
amazing so yeah this is my channel there
you go life if Tom plug it already so
she known you guys going to find it I
don't need to put this that's how you
went to find it if you haven't got a
ticket book to get you back from London
during the London Marathon times you'll
be absolutely like screwed you'll be
absolutely screwed because I currently
yet don't have a ticket so the struggle
is real everyone likes been in the back
of I'm at my video today like how random
do I have a ticket book to get back to
Manchester yet no no I don't but I just
found news that
Macallan is gonna be in London tomorrow
night till Sunday so if I can buy like
an any day trouble team to try and if I
could buy an auntie day trouble time
ticket then I could potentially get the
train back with Tom MC our view bears on
the train with it but have a good time
but like I just said I'd not be able to
get the train home so I may end up
staying in London an extra extra night
ball just see how things go there's so
many people you know when you're at the
airport and I always go I don't
understand why people like standing up
and wait well this is the same scenario
everyone over here is like set up
waiting for their food and shit and I'm
like I can hear the woman shouting and
I've got a number so I'll sit down and
wait my barbecue is nice but that was
not enough food is like legitimately
five chicken selects McFlurry
some fries and some literally just said
the words if you even prank me well that
was nothing
oh I'm just gonna go now oh oh you've
been having a disco party that sucks but
it's over
buddy the search but hell yeah don't put
the spot this is what so trapeze cause
is the absolute thank you hey that's
actually no my house was a place I
should invite you up to my house today
you can buy any spiral yes ja I would I
wouldn't I wouldn't or an extreme phone
oh that's the first time I would have
one of these we got vibe in music on
we're chilling Annie's fake glass garden
I'm all about listen by the way I am
definitely something yeah my mum was
right some cream wasn't really good at
it need your help me and Joe we got a
few day periods free and my top of my
bucket list right now about just right
so my bucket list is swim with sharks in
a cage like cage diving clay tracks I
like is my top of my list is
particularly softball bag is what huh
particular softball bag I thought you
said to tickle a softball bargain I was
like well is this why your let you say
what did you say
cuz I'm glad to get my bag and leave
okay that changes things
oh my god oh I do know this song yeah
dude I was just gonna say I've come all
the way down to London what am i doing
in London game then it's City
nobody could Ling up with Joanna so how
does viral up my own room actually not
too sure where I left the vlog off
yesterday but I do have to end it here
guys because I got started on a new day
so Thank You usual for watching I
appreciate you tune in again Joseph
Joseph thank you very much for let me
stay over it's been awesome I've loved
it i J was getting naked in the
background my vlogs as usual yeah yeah
yeah but I gotta go make sure you leave
a like rating
I really appreciate guys honestly for
the 2-hour train that had like the
entire time after edit my vlog all I did
was respond to you guys and it was just
awesome to be able to do that so thank
you for your love thank you for your
support
if you're not part of this family yet
click subscribe button ding dong that
notification bell next weeks if you
don't
apparently you won't get my video so I'm
sorry about that that's just the way
YouTube works I've got a migraine I was
like leave a like I've been saying it
wrong all this time I think he's cuz I'm
used to saying that leaf 5 star rating
but I've gotten back in a day in it yeah
that if you're if you know that YouTube
had stars for ratings than your old
school if you're wondering what this
outfits about I'm not gonna spoil the
whole ensemble but show dress me
tomorrow as long
you look like you're about to go on an
airboat I'm actually thinking
spearfishing with what he's like
Bernard's when you see his video on his
channel from me getting dressed today I
may lose a lot of respect I'm gonna go
okay but don't forget for menswear at
pro syndicate an Instagram at syndicate
and being very active fill in those
places so if you've got a question you
want to ask me that's the place to do it
