Oh a beautiful day London not owned
member Road would give you a good day
are you ready for a surprise
I had a nosebleed yeah mmm doctor's
visit definitely coming soon this was
such a comfortable night's sleep like it
really truly was I kicked it a whole
night and woke up now it like nope two
o'clock in the afternoon I'm packing my
shoes knee up getting everything sorted
getting changed and we're going out for
brunch no matter what today I'm gonna
make sure I get home you know like just
the first of all get home in general but
I've got to get home by 7:00 p.m.
because we're having Sunday dinner at my
mom's house so that means I need to sell
from here about 5:00 got to play it safe
let's say for Tom from the future here
all right this is gonna be a very random
segment from me like waking up to a
bombshell
everyone's been like yeah Chapas let you
get back together this is the reason why
I open the champagne this is this this
is this this is that I don't actually
think you would have guessed what this
is always gonna be but nonetheless I
hope you love the fact that I shared it
with you because it's something that I
really wanted you guys to know about I
hope you guys know that the decision I
made with what you're about to see truly
changed my life for the bear for like a
good like three four months and it was
absolutely worth its weight in gold to
do what I did so without further ado
here's tom from the past with the guests
I have someone that I need to introduce
you to this is this is Byron all right
so I was looking Byron to me he was
Byron to me I drove the defender of the
car crash crash my defender now that was
the guy now I'm at Byron when I came
onto Joe's house yeah perfect
you're busted John's know this may be a
really really weird like shock to a lot
of people because I've always ever I bet
it every single one of my books for like
I'd say like a year and seven eighths
and I was a random amount bought Byron
actually came on board as my editor when
I first I went to island like me and Joe
went off there and Byron came aboard and
he's been my editor for 150 days as a
lot of people might be shot like what
the fuck you didn't edit your own videos
like I added it all that time but Byron
came aboard and just smashed it so this
is Byron he's a legend but he has his
own YouTube
now I want to go check it out I'll put a
link down in Scripture because he's
helped me out so much like seriously
like mentally wise help me out so
goddamn much how much did I should
destroy you like what what was what was
your your favorite thing about editing
my vlogs and what was the worst thing my
ID my vlogs say the worst thing gonna
put this out and be really honest with
your cat spray I mean I don't mind
careful everyone everyone in the
comments agreed that they would like
they were like I'm so sick of these
fucking every mortgage just cast the
cast over I think like your cats you
have your love for the cats which is
real
and I enjoy that but it's showing that
everyday sometimes like you'd be playing
and be like oh look how Lunas lying I'm
like stop below the freaking cab so that
we don't have to worry about that
anymore because I don't have the cats
sad toms could possibly the best thing
was probably assured he'd take it on
your journey bro it's like a weird
connection going on everyone who watches
your blogs obviously gets taken them
journey but when you edit them and
analyze them and like get to know
everyone when the maybe a slightly
different perspective it was really cool
they're like you know you know like all
my family all my family but I like know
people's flippin routine yeah you can
you can meet people and I'm like hey
Karl
yeah yeah definitely thinking about it I
could probably make my way around your
houses oh yeah you're really good love
my local area he and Byron seen things
that no one can say I buy relief irons
heard things no one can the seen things
you book say I'd have to be like Byron
do not put this in avoid whatever you do
edit this out at this time
and if you guys remember when I went out
with Tony I hit Oh Byron was like Byron
I need you to blur his face now we've
never done that before in the video I
was like I need you to back blur his
face how stressful was that not so much
stress we'll just maybe a bit tedious
yeah especially because you guys had
some drinks or not and as you know you
drink your hand
yeah it wasn't just easy tracking was I
and I was probably some of the worst
masking editors will look at and be like
oh he did that but ever everyone loved
it but Byron has been my editor for a
hundred days I'm back doing it now and
I've been doing it for what what two
months three months oh my gosh when I
did yeah it's so like pirate so Byron
was like editing female this time
there's like I'm going traveling and you
went wait for it was five weeks five
weeks my life fell apart and all I'm
saying is that do you run him back but I
really love that I'm back on the create
process of the editor
I really am enjoying it because I've
asked up in a home I'd be able to do it
myself and I really loved it and it
always loves it back in the day but the
reason why I stopped is the app that I
used to do it all with it died like I
couldn't use it couldn't do it and it's
just like this guy came in clutch you
actually chemical she'll come in check
out his channel link will be down in
description you'll hopefully be able to
like watching video goes holy shit this
is just how Tom's videos already don't
make completely sensible yeah he's
really getting through his logins really
getting into trouble so go check it out
I love you thank you and hopefully in
the future Byron will be back well I'm
very very very glad that I told the
audience about it because it's something
nuts I've wanted to share for a long
time it's not like something I feel like
I hate from you people come up to me go
and like I love the way you read it with
your vlogs like a game and events and
then I just like why go y'all haven't
been edited and they never pick up on
what I said and I'm like sweet I
whispered well I like there was a even
went to like so my earlier videos that
I've always edit in myself and I'm
comparing with Byron's and you cannot
tell the difference if you literally
cannot tell the difference because all
my videos are clipped from clipped end
it is like a bond audio pause or some
like that it's just keep it nice and
short and bang a fucking stellar job so
I'm very glad you got to meet him and
hopefully now that you've met him and if
I do my videos and Byron's editor you'll
see a lot more like of me talking to
Byron like you'll be like with God
controlling kind of like Byron like a
light from a bow closing yes - oh my god
I robbed getting into some via fix yeah
get it he's like he's like I don't want
to I want to do extra work okay I don't
wanna do that this light is gone thank
you to Joe for introducing us thank you
thank you for is it Casper is it cash to
buy oh yeah thank you for Casper for
introducing user Joe and Caspar go fuck
yourself I love you my friend peace feel
like such a weight has been lifted off
my shoulders now that you guys know that
like seriously Bairam bike the thing is
that I can't express enough is like how
much he helped and like really change my
life for the best but then went then I
hid the problem of Byron was I came on
board as my editor because I was
traveling so much and I just like I
couldn't keep up with like the time
schedule or didn't edit and all I was
ruining my life
but then I came aboard and it was
amazing but then like Lydia came into my
life and when Lydia was in my life I
stopped like
doing a lot of traveling like seriously
I wasn't traveling nowhere near as much
as I expected
so all Byron was at it in was just Mesa
getting up sometime chicken bowling
cinema's cats you know like that sort of
shit so it was just the same shit again
and again and again Oh Jo so what's my
review of hotel de circuit is fucking
great yeah like if I do go and like
another big adventure like off to Canada
or something I'd probably have to hear
my by Byron so that way I can just like
I can make sure our wake up close
attract my mate times Frank and yeah are
you gonna come yeah I'm the one who's
always down for it you're the one who's
like gonna call him I flaky so I'll go
and I'll get on them I'll get on the
audience that today and I'm trying to
find my cell location make a - it's
really bit weird I reckon we should go
to Canada my barge ever could have hook
it up we could do helicopters how about
in jumping in off roading like cows and
stuff like that maybe the best I mean
you could meet a bad deal this is it
don't let go don't let go let go let me
borrow my money take care of yourself
right boys take care yourself thank you
for letting me stay I love you Byron
I love you see that voice in a bit
alright well fuck my going I love it
absolutely I was same light I just a
little beat surrounding life by positive
people I have such good guys in my life
and like friends that I know that look
when you can feed up each of his vibes
it makes me so happy and like we were
saying like we're definitely gonna get
together more often sees only into it it
only a two-hour train can be to get
get to London to see them and I cannot
wait to return to see them and
especially my Ramiz from South Africa so
that's why you know in my blogs the
secret I always had always got Hitler
and no one really knew why I said it
because it's Byron when I'd speak to him
on the phone about the Edit it I was
like Hebrew got a question for you and
he's just so a sec so he's gonna try and
help organize a trip to South Africa to
go swimming with sharks and I have
excited many trains today time for the
underground no that was my true story
but they come like every two to three
minutes but I'm gonna get this now - you
stood by the big station in London and
then I'm gonna get a train from
hopefully I can get a train from London
Euston to Manchester should take me
about two hours
I've got like five six stops to go to
get to a stupid onto 317 times it right
now okay 314 oh shit pretty confident
I'm gonna miss that train so
I don't know are you ready for trouble
hack with Tom if you try and buy a
first-class ticket from London to
Manchester
it'll cost you hundreds and hundreds of
pounds alright but if you buy a standard
one get on the train on a weekend like
on a Sunday you can upgrade flight
fifteen to twenty quid to first-class
so rather than and the normal typical I
say sixty and then you pay the operator
or eighty quitting toll rather than like
three hundred quid for a ticket so the
more you know so obviously I missed that
train that you just saw up there bought
the thing is we're fought going to
Manchester is there's one at 3:37 I
don't have to rush for it so we should
be set sorted now the problem is I need
the toilet and when you're in London you
have to pay to go to the toilet and I
don't have changed so they weren't gonna
wet myself mint is the Piccadilly
starboard
it's gold I've managed to get the floor
get it and hopefully when I get back
I'll have enough time to get the vlog
uploaded before 6:00 p.m. maybe not but
if I can't yes I told you man the Train
pack that at all yeah being able to like
flushing wipes the usual starters
totally I mean I knew what I was getting
myself into when I applied to be a
toilet ha ha ha
place to me a public toilet let me tell
you this is a step back carry on okay
how I seen the upgrade from standard to
first classic was 20 pounds that's how
much it was well worth it you get free
internet you get free drinks free food
like a power charger on every see well
with this if you ever traveled from
London to Manchester on a weekend that's
what you can do
preme came on time and I'm still
currently uploading the blog it is 541
and this one's going to take 20 more
minutes to upload this might be my first
late blog in like two weeks maybe maybe
but at least you know I tried okay
I really tried Starbucks is coming in
close right now 549 four minutes to my
blog goes live
the dedication oh my boy Steve and I do
me I'd love to stop her chat but I've
got to go like I'm in a rush the whole
point we're trying to get back to
England as fast as possible it's for
today now don't get too excited John
what's the reason I'm just going for
Sunday dinner at my mom's house bought
you know me my family comes first so now
gotta drive on up to my mum's house in
the middle of bumfuck nowhere
I meet up with Alice Karl my mum and
darn for Sunday dinner so I'm currently
running like 20 minutes late you know
like to everything but I'm gonna go have
dinner with them so uh let's go wow it's
so wet quite literally killing my vibe
England quite literally killing my vibe
oh it beast from the east I failed look
how much I failed I failed by one penny
one penny I think I gotta come in
otherwise you know hello mum mummy mummy
the first year I came all the way from
France and I was the first one here nah
oh that makes me feel proud
turns out I came all the way from I've
troubled all the way home from Vienna
the baby and you guys wouldn't know why
he doesn't listen to you you know I'm
saying like that's a lot to ask why
so annoying what'd you do it she just
wants attention like a fucking child
like I'm I'm like a child you're like a
baby I don't know what you know you are
you like a rap that's what you are
you're a little rap
sniffing I look so red well I don't look
so scared
nobody wants a
I couldn't do it me if I just leaned X
if I just leave Nexus 1 still read out
loud I'd have to i suffocate them it's a
bit mum you used to sit when I lived at
home with you used to snore
I had to come I had to get out of my
bunk bed to shut your door then shut my
door
you snore that loud seriously I don't
think a group of people have ever agreed
to stop watching a film before like this
really have you ever been watching a
film agree to stop
RIPD is an absolute trash film is it
yeah ripped out of tech would you vote
of 10 on Alice
Howard said I think I'm gonna get this
is the first Darwin fell asleep throw oh
yes Bill Gates I honestly would probably
give this the only good thing about it
is Ryan Reynolds so it gets a 1 but
realistically 0 a 10-0 attend it's so
bad we all were falling asleep in on our
phone oh my god all day we've been
waiting for this car wait
this is that oh my god don't freak it
out bro that's kinda shit you not this
is the neighbor's cat that like always
just walk to my mom's house when the
doors open and Alice has never seen it
oh my god it's actually a cheeseburger
cat it's actually the cheeseburger cap
these sofa I was just a really friendly
neighborhood cop oh oh hey he's got like
a little raccoon tail it's got like a
like a yes oh my god I wish he could be
Gadsby one fat cat meets another if you
go to Weight Watchers together that is
such a it's like a bear these burgers
welcome to the defender Cal is it roomy
spacious shoot your mouth all right just
just shoot buddy hell it's like tip you
know but wait let me look
bloody hell look at the angle it's on
Mother of God said a bit bloody hell I
smash the window oh yeah sure she
editing your vlogs was like a boot camp
okay but like like teacher like how to
get into it well ah like if like you
said your vlogs probably exactly like
all day on the phone yeah how he's using
filler on your phone really cameras when
you first told me from the phone I was
like what but then I was like you don't
need anything
everyone thinks I'm like so
unprofessional you look you look like a
red freaking rig Foreman yeah you don't
need that at all I think what you're
doing is I remember when you're shopping
for Christmas presents and stuff at what
our thought was the traffic sensors Oh
the chopper tonight rapid since I was
like how was he just walking through the
mall vlogging without giving a crap like
that for me I'd be like yeah now I know
so many of you thought that today's vlog
was gonna be the big light reveal as to
why did Tom pop that bottle of champagne
and I still actually can't tell you guys
why I pop that bottle champagne you can
let your imaginations run wild but you
truly won't guess what it is or why it
is there anything like that but when the
time comes I will be able to tell you I
don't know I said I wouldn't like like
to be very more true with you guys on
this channel because like I see in the
comments
feedback everything on Twitter like I'm
really like communicate with you guys
and this feels like more of the family
vibe that like it truly did like a year
ago and it's nice to be like game back
to that like like solid point of like
you know you guys having your opinion on
the vlog or being involved on talking
and we're having that communication but
I just can't tell you that the reason
why I pop the ball in due time
so don't stress yourself out and don't
be that guy like can we can we can we
can we can because it's like one guy
commenting I see I see you boy it was
like I'm gonna come in every day until
you you don't and he done like day four
I'm like that's let's just stop but in
time you will find out so until then
don't stress yourself out about it but
I'm really glad you guys now know about
Byron I like I said I think we did the
math cause he he did say he came back
like him much but you only did two days
II match so the parody was gone I've
been editing for the last three months
now close to four actually but before
that for 150 days straight Byron was
indeed my editor and the thing was no
one could tell the difference I couldn't
tell the difference when I was like
watching the the video that he dedicate
back I was like I expected to UM cut
like now and even nailed it and he just
did a really really good job and I think
it's more fun now to of like him
involved so I always wanted to you know
how'd that communication like he's a god
from above like Byron let Debbie lighten
it just like shines down on me as well
like that all like when when I was in
when I was at the Christmas market so I
was like Byron tick list and it got Bing
you saw the tick list
that was actually Byron like joking with
me to like do it I didn't expect him to
do it so when he saw the vlog and he did
it I was like oh god I could have so
much more fun if only people like knew
about him so I'm glad you guys met Byron
he's like I said he's really awesome guy
if you want to check out his channel
he's posting some vlogs and travel and
stuff like that and now like you guys
know about I mean that he's doing his
YouTube and stuff like me and Jon Byron
may go on an adventure together and I
wanna go to South Africa
Joe's totally down Byron's totally
donkus each for himself Africa he knows
every where to go what to do and I want
to go swimming with sharks like that I'm
making a bucket list now stuff I really
really want to do that's kind of like
adventurous like dangerous swimming with
sharks or cage diving with sharks is one
of those things so without further ado
guys thank you very much for watching I
hope you not like upset I feel betrayed
or anything like that it's just no one
ever asked if I was the one at it in the
videos so never really had to answer
answer to anyone or anything like that
and it just truly mentally
helped me out so much like you can't
understand how like I have to like save
had a bit a wake up play our time
difference is a place that I was and
stuff like that you have no idea the
strain it was like to be like fuck I've
got my I'm out till 3 o'clock good
morning then I've got to get it edited
cuz it's gonna be open for hours and you
know this is like when I was little IDIA
so it was like and it was just straight
on time so by really helped me my
Lydia's relationship but then you know
obviously when Baron disappeared it put
a lot more strain on it so as much as
I'd love to take Baron back on board I'm
very much on that creative process and
like all edit my vlogs myself even
though I did struggle and get them
uploaded like sometimes I do I don't
really enjoy the process after teaching
for eight years in my 10 is pretty much
all my own videos anyway so it's nice to
be back on the controls and make it
sound like yeah I can't my kind of
controls yesterday it's been like four
months since I've been back and you guys
didn't even know it so make sure you
leave a like rating click that subscribe
button
ding dong that notification about I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the
next daily vlog and holy crap if this
goes up on time this is gonna be like
two weeks and one day of uploading the
vlogs on time what the heck
