come on then let's start the day and
we're starting a deck with this listen
my ass help is probably if I just don't
turn off my engine and take the keys out
before the door slips oh here we go
oh no don't boo ya oh it's Y oh I see
your house go all of it
okay get in oh yeah okay oh that was
like looking forward to seeing like my
decorations didn't sit well yep decorate
yeah but she's had it plastered but
we're gonna doing a starbucks coffee run
really appreciate you we're getting rich
the train station yesterday aye sir yeah
that didn't work out by the way where we
got to without this like when she drove
me to the train station we got about a
quarter of the way I had to think come
on get back in my car and drive back
down that same road myself fueled for
the day
fruit toast is a win thank you very much
I don't get a large no I'd say I mean I
might get dessert mmm lovely coffee I
tell you something Alice is all for this
piece of grass at the front I'm team get
rid of it more cars on the drive yeah
like when they've got their cars parked
you have to squeeze on on the end and
hope you don't get hit so welcome to the
house which I'm not allowed to film
because plans really missing welcome to
Alice's house oh okay so this is the one
almost complete room what but what's
that are you feeding the cat this work
oh wait you only put one lights located
you know do dahlias like it's good okay
mmm so there we go
it's almost are you doing great
well and we got TV already yeah oh yeah
that's what I was saying these oh nice
that's good about the spotlight as well
oh really
all right okay okay okay so this is
calsilica bird yeah I can't wait
together nicely not gonna lie I hate
this brick I hate in a heartbeat I would
be covering this with Kay render and
happy and whatever that granules of
stone ax bought it's such a lovely house
and in the future you can extend this
across the bear made the top for bigger
nice I may have a cent buyer in the
footage a little bit late today so it's
currently 627 and logs not my wife not
my own fault my fault dear Byron I'm
sorry I didn't send you the footage till
later in their day so it was it's my
fault
I'm really sorry everyone can we please
pay some respects of how much we love
buyer in the comments and the reason why
I'm spending this long to do this is
because I'm still stalling with my gates
to open look literally the world's
slowest gates
however Byron thank you very much reddit
of all good to have you back and oh my
god life without Byron like genuinely
serious now like bitter hard to have
well potato hair out Byron you made my
life so much easier and organized and
structured I don't need you it's not
even his fault that he disappeared the
past five days it was mine well it
wasn't mine it was virgins bought
because virgin coughing in there I just
had no way to send buyer in the footage
so Byron watch your back now that that's
out the way I have vote
mm no minutes to get the title from
number yes but once you get that out of
the way oh this is gonna be coming round
in the next 15 minutes we're then gonna
be going to the cinemas we're going
watching venom which I'm saying this
right now has been given a four outta
ten by a good film critic friend comic
book guy that I know called Sneaky's
ever he gave it a 4 out of 10 and if he
gave it a 4 out of 10 I'm worried
because he said it's like what I would
avoid it
he said avoid it if he can and I'm like
oh God now I probably have to avoid it
myself but that's a lie I'm going
watching so me Alice and Carl are gonna
go check it out it should be quite fun
and we're gonna get into Mendoza as well
so I'm just rying to get my life back on
track right now this stuff I need to do
I'm organized I'm feeling good I'm
feeling fresh and again as till
yesterday whoever sent me these cheers
because as I was jokingly throwing him
on Cal's food yesterday I've now got
condoms just lying all around the place
which is totally not awkward in the
slightest because I only just thought
about this that after the meal I had
with Carol on Monday throwing those
condoms all over the place yeah that
means not been my cleaner when she came
around to like clean up the services
inside just means that every time she
lifted something up there was a pack of
condoms so yeah she's probably gonna
quit Elector who's your favorite twitch
streamer
I know syndicate whoever Amazon set that
up I have no idea how or why that's our
answer
yeah everyone said a lot of like Hello
their faces I just wanted them to say hi
so I can do this whoop look at the sky
wow that is actually beautiful this is
why I love this office being here I was
gonna put my office downstairs remember
but then I would never see this every
night gorgeous I love waking up to the
sudden going down it's great they're
outside next stop is going to be Nando's
for a don't you like how I go to Nando's
you'd think like the people in
relationship Allison Carr would share no
Alice eats her own dish and whatever she
has be like seed you know whoever bought
me and Cal have a sharing dish with each
other so we're gonna share dinner and
then watch venom which I just seen on
Rotten Tomatoes as a 30% so
so nice going back to being a third
wheel with you - thanks the Zelda start
this year started off me going on dates
with you guys thank you I still like how
me and Cal have actually replaced you
Alice because we're gonna share dinner
tonight at we Cal Cal whatever but yeah
one side with the next feature cinema
yeah you can sell it creepy popcorn and
a happy ending not bad
enter my body and yes I'm aware I look
like a pixel weird like in freaked me
out on this boat it doesn't work and
it's looking very very busy in here oh
my god
you're having fun working away on your
laptop there what is this wait at least
this is proof for the vlog that it does
have a job and that it does actually
work look at him
what time is it good yeah alpha 7 II is
still working why am i laughing is my
business running guys if you could all
just go to cynical you know calm and buy
as much much as possible not for not for
my sake just so allies actually have
something to do
guys did you know we got these new hats
which you can get available where
you know
I'm vlogging don't hate on me I'm
blogging you instagramming him tickets a
quiet Bank and now got you can't get
this out of me I never go back to noise
ratio there she's actually running just
think you can beat me to that I back and
beat to Nando's but yeah well maybe not
anymore
Wow ladies and gentlemen that's my
fat-ass sister running away we don't
need no bonus part with chicken breasts
in it bro no no no ask for more chicken
thighs oh my god my mouth is watering
Wow
no words can make this scenario work
because I always did this to me actually
Jesus Davis this is what we're about to
go and see are you excited are you
excited you know he's a good-looking
dude I'll give you that I like him okay
hey you put 50 Peter you put 50 P you
know
okay I'll this smile smile Alice what
are you doing
okay I got a photo of you great now come
on let's go hi max can I meet dude come
on look at it it's absolutely huge oh my
god yeah cuz my phone's terrible in the
in the low lighting right what we do now
attend six
Alice 7 and genuinely because I at first
I was gonna go seven but I kind of
worked it no I was gonna go eight but
then I always like mmm so I've decided
to meet in the middle I've gone for a
size 7.5 thought it was really funny in
parts really stupidly cheesy bit dragged
out from the start like like all the
details about however they all came
about it stuff like that would like to
see and it got into the venom role a bit
quicker rather than just Tom Hardy Tom
Hardy so I'd give it a seven point five
but I can't wait for the next one cuz
the way they're gonna extend this
characters gonna be incredible so yeah
oh the outro credit it's gonna lead off
to something do okay I go now I'm going
through minecraft love your face sorry
so Byron every time she says that exact
season
yeah just put the audio yeah Byron just
cut the audio you gotta do something
funny so every time she says that you
gotta do like that Oh or duck noise too
loud great night by a virus what is
going on so I came back to my computer
and he's blue screamed
wait one page fault in nan paged area I
don't even understand that makes no
sense and that's not exactly good timing
because I'm about to start my livestream
for Minecraft just for this live
streaming
is currently 4:20 on the dot everyone in
the charts like no I don't on I think
I'm gonna play like half an hour of
runescape and then go to bed I'm
absolutely not even joking I'm
absolutely exhausted it is where this
and everyone is now park jumping yeah
randomly just get a transition here and
end today's vlog I don't know what I did
I didn't film throughout the day like
really didn't simply because I finished
my livestream and it's now yeah it's not
at six o'clock and even it's six o'clock
at night didn't in any way shape or form
intend on streaming this long tonight
book I did I really enjoyed it and it
was good fun on that note of it being
good for I think I'm gonna be excited to
get into the point where I'm not
streaming till 6 o'clock in 107 my on I
think I will look forward to not
streaming till 6:00 in the morning every
night because like you know when I say
I'd go full time with this I like full
time streaming there will be days where
I won't stream and you know probably
myself one day a week where I don't
stream but when black ops 4 comes out
I'm gonna be like pretty much all day
every day unless I'm at an event or
going out for food or something like
that so I've got Scotland and Abu Dhabi
potentially coming up in a month but
other than that October 11 like because
at midnight 12 I'm gonna be smashing the
hell out of this game and I'm really
looking forward to that fact like it
should be amazing but I'm looking
forward to then getting the the initial
hypothesis to me for my 6 p.m. until
10:00 p.m. or start streaming from 4
p.m. to 10 p.m. and that way it's like a
6 hour stream people know to tune into
the stream you know just get out of the
way really enjoy it see how it goes
don't do daily vlogging only vogue the
days where I'm going to do and stuff
that way I can make sure it's
interesting and making that decision to
choose quality over quantity and the
more and more I speak about it and the
more and more people are like Tom they
look a little bit i it makes me
appreciate so much more but it's just
the best thing for the channel and for
my brain so yeah I'm excited to see how
the future pans out let's see how a cod
zombies is gonna be it's gonna be
overwhelming because usually when a game
comes out you get like one map and it's
like there you go just like and enjoy
playing this one thing for a couple
months until something new comes up but
when this comes out we're about to be
overwhelmed with like three maps at
launch so that's just gonna be crazy
there can be so many Easter eggs to find
so many new things to like like learn
about and everything and I just can't
wait so yeah it's gonna be good vibes
and good time so I mean today's vlog
send this footage to byron because going
to bed and waking up at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon and send it into
before the fall you need to be alive I'm
gonna send it in before I go to bed so
Byron its other way I love you my friend
thank you for returning back to my life
now that means back but I'm gonna love
you guys and leave you see you tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next daily vlog we'll
see what we're up to that pretty sure
Lydia wanted to hang out and go to the
cinema so we may end up doing that so
we'll see and yeah I'm tired and if I
can get outta bed in time I'm taking her
in for some lunch
it's book chilling I get outta bed you
lazy shit he may already have plans I
haven't spoke to him yet but when i get
up give him a phone call make him maybe
take him out for some dinner which might
be quite nice so give me a nice day
tomorrow I love you I'll leave you never
said yes
