fresh air please fresh air please
seriously look France but I hate smoking
nearly every single person in a French
nightclub smokes and you might be like
you're not allowed to smoke in a French
nightclub well this one they were we
were out so whatever time in the morning
Angelo was white-girl wasted I pretty
much had to carry him home copy once he
was amazing but so many people smoked
inside it like my throat hurts my eyes
hurt everything I'm so glad that it's
banned in England because I remember
back in the day when everyone was
smoking it was the worst thing ever
going to a club yeah very small hotel
room but it was very nice bags are
packed taxis outside kind of get to the
airport because I'm actually gonna miss
my flight
I'm not sure why I thought I had enough
time to get there
yeah I really don't yeah I'm gonna miss
this flight I needed to be here about
mmm 20 minutes ago so I thought it took
like maybe 20 minutes to get to the
airport since I took an hour
Manchester embarking that last call
terminal to eat just like to eat the
help gate f26
it'd probably help if I was at the right
terminal I'm A to D and I need to get to
to eat and it's last call on the flight
probably missed it okay I'll definitely
miss this flight because he says
embarkment close but there's a new one
at 6:20 so mmm-hmm I really just I I I
just depressed myself there's no more
flights her friends today they always
think I'm thinking of doing he's trying
to find a camera no place and driving
home which would take me about nine
hours but it would be in it thank you
but I don't really want to do that so I
think the train stations this way and
I'm gonna go there and speak to them and
see if possible to get the Eurostar but
I believe all the trains are on strike
this is where at this stage I could
actually just go you know what I feel
like going to Singapore sounds fun
here's an update all the trains on
strike all the flights flying out of
France Paris anywhere to get to England
are all fully booked because the trains
are canceled and I'm stuck at the
airport
with literally no way to get home this
is my current situation my Wi-Fi in this
bill that has completely died and I'm
not too sure what's going on with this
image of what I'm doing in it I spoke to
a private jet company they have no
flights going out today
all the trains are canceled so what I've
actually managed to find is a flight out
of here like 9:00 p.m. to London and
then from London I'm just gonna work
okay there's a 6:20 to Manchester well
that was sold out online but I think if
I try and ask the people at the desk I
might try and see if they'll switch me
on the flight it is a spare seat if not
I have to fly to London Heathrow at 8:45
but there's a Manchester fly it at 6:20
oh I really don't know wait here two
o'clock waiting for the ticket desk and
the Internet here is actually pretty
fast so only 13 minutes to upload my
vlog baby yeah
the one thing I'm more bothered about
than anything I don't care about missing
my flies I'm kidding about the train
strikes or anything like that I'd rather
make sure the vlog was on time because
then as long as the vlogs on time I'm
great honestly that's all I care about
every single day all I care about most
is making sure that that floor goes up
on time because anything else that
happens like you know missing a fly as a
mother it just adds to the adventure me
vlogging so yes continued success has
been achieved got the vlog off it's
scheduled it's ready it's done I just
got off the phone with my sister and
she's not surprised in the slightest
that I'm mr. white so yep she
understands the situation and she's
there if I need her cuz I've still gotta
get to London and then decide how I'm
getting from London to Manchester
private helicopter would be cool rum
coming home 9 hours later though I think
I found a sculpture which is my favorite
thing I've ever seen I'm actually
laughing out loud at this thing oh my
god I'm definitely getting some
king-crab like ok this turned into a
good day King Cup yes please definitely
funky ass dish let's see if it lives up
to the hype
for that caviar sorry what does he live
up to the hype yeah Ibiza was well bar
you can tell this is not fresh I'm just
taking a minute to reply to a bunch your
guys comments was this was this this guy
reeks positivity and good vibes no one
should get mad or tell him how to live
his because he already loves it thank
you Tom q Jacob are you ready for my
reaction I think I can finally answer a
question everyone's been asking me Tom
Tom Tom Tom
where's Ron's watch I didn't forget it I
never forget it I totally forgot to wear
it but I didn't forget it it's been in
my bag the entire time so it has
officially been to party I'm doing it
wrong guy is doing it right and in weird
information to share with you I don't
think that krub was good
must have taken a turn for the worse so
I'm basically running to the bathroom so
Tom how did you miss your other flight I
got food poisoning off eating crab at
the airport shot myself a mr. Blaine hmm
I'm actually kind of emotional for be
flying home and pray that if it gets me
home quick you know there could maybe
possibly possibly be a flight to
Manchester highly doubt it I think I'm
gonna be getting the train as long as
there's no strikes but fingers crossed
but Paris it has been amazing it's been
an awesome time it was super fun hanging
out with like Evan like me and bottle
see each other every now a second of
time with each other and this trip has
been really glad I
as well absolute legend over two pieces
I love that you passed out after that
nightclub yesterday I will see them
again soon all right
successful flight but now I've got news
there's absolutely no trains no trades
to buy justify and there's no fluff
there's no planes so I've got a
miniature one in my mind
I'll gonna do my backup one is taking
your bags right now hopefully it should
pan out like it should put out pretty
good it could have been amazing like let
me say that right now it could have been
absolutely a thousand times better my
backup one but what I'm doing now this
will do
not my boy we're supposed to get a train
from London to Manchester but all the
trains have done there's no trains left
so I'm going stayed at a friend's house
as you can tell I'm really organized
yeah really organized amazing uber
driver amazing and now this is part of
my plan there is a reason why i'm sanna
mcdonald's and i will be for the next
probably 25 30 minutes just wait and see
better no chicken selects big mac large
drink large fries I think I'm in the
right place like
this is my surprise
this is my surprise this is my fucking
boy right now seriously I I was trapped
in Paris and then I was trapped in
London and then I was like like what the
fuck am I gonna do I'm literally just
going to sit in a hotel or something
Arang Joe and I was like oh my god and I
was like Joe I need your where are you
and he's like I'm out in my car at the
moment so yeah it could have picked me
up cuz a suitcase wouldn't fit let me
introduce you is it let me introduce you
to Joe's car oh my god oh my god dude
that is absolutely not I like trains
going give her a give her - yes that is
an amazing piece of care I was gonna get
an hour rate after my TT but the TT ni
rate was so similar another totally
different beasts oh yeah get a bottle
whatever you do do not chip those wheels
I'm very proud of you I'm very proud of
you
you bring joy to my life I did actually
try and convince Joe to pick me up from
the airport
in that thing but the one problem with a
supercar like that there's no boot space
Joe's garage everyone's got all the
professional bikes at the facial bike
Joe huh Joe has a ball sack kinda funny
you tap it I call it I am definitely Jay
my dad back for Christmas everybody
knows I'm addicted to phan ight he has a
goddamn projector with fortnight on it
this is why I love Joe ma I seriously
seriously have a lot of love and respect
for that guy like I was just like listen
buddy I know I could get a hotel and
Early's might be a bit rude but if I can
just like kick it with you for the night
I didn't much more appreciate that and
like absolutely so true homie this is
actually happy Joe's got a 4k projector
and I'm playing for nigh on it
apparently it's not that like it because
you think that were you playing a big
screen you get like wait and see if when
you turn apparently it's not that bad
all right let's see if he was telling
the truth yo yo that is hella responsive
of what he was saying about the 7.1
surround sound he's actually right oh
that is sick
I could play this all night this
barber's chair yeah waiting for James
projector I can't mention haircut found
a lost in you can write over the haircut
clothes you know 75 to pay for a latte
yeah yeah Scott I'm physically Scott oh
by the way 200 inch screen look how
close up stop yeah why you so close I
would truly worry about your eyes I'd
said I'd sit closely if I could you'll
get square eyes Tom scientifically
proven scientifically proven that
watching too much TV or a screen it does
not damage your eyes also suppose we
prove it eating carrots doesn't help you
see in the dark that was an old myth
there was an old bit of war propaganda
parable to actually said if you potatoes
you grow what did I do all the potatoes
is that like five foot I see my own body
weight and smiley face smiley faces
hiding groan look I'm like four foot one
did you ever dream Twizzlers no I reckon
actually apartment a put mint it blender
for port for I'm gonna die straightaway
but y'all ready three two one grab the
door I was gonna say I got stuck on the
outside of it I think that I've just had
a first experience there you go it's
right by a tree as well it's blocking
your view yeah this is don't either Tom
oh yeah it's good innit by the way for
the record I play on PlayStation and
more importantly a small screen yeah
sure okay this isn't actually the best
oroshi
area where I get him
recently that was a wait I think I think
the way this is built this oh I'm
absolutely exhausted from being in Paris
that all I'm doing now is I've come
round to mow my farmer boys house for a
good old cup of y'all I'm immediately
gonna buy one of these online by the way
Joe has got a mini taser also known as a
lighter or you can see oh they go this
is that is amazing I wonder what it
feels like burning come on please
do it I dare ya there's no way I dare
you I dare ya no why do I get allergic
I'm allergic to plasma you're not yeah I
don't actually think this was makes for
light as mate this is a stun gun I am a
genius a villa for within a four we're
reliving the good times were watching
the vlog from Ireland the best times I
look so Tomic Tom and Joe's drunk
adventure
we'd kill it is the most legendary guy
ever
unfortunately when me and Joe into
Ireland we partied so hard with that guy
he was one of the nicest people I've
ever met he unfortunately passed away so
we were just like a memory to him by
checking it out again Barker what an
amazing guy Oh mate this was such a good
trips
a falling out with Joe I accidentally
turned it on and look a bird - awesome
your finger these the best videos ever
Marone the mandamus alleged Baroni
my man Byron is gone it's got all the
camera equipment in the world and the
world's best chair right well Joe and
Byron have gone to bed I'm sleeping on
the sofa for the night and I'll tell you
all I couldn't be happier to be doing so
cuz I know it sounds mean but I just
wanted to get the hell out Paris I wait
to get back home and with good people
like Angelo and I know it's with great
people well I would like the left I was
like you know what I need I need to keep
it positive if I was going I'm like like
I love these guys I don't love that this
is kind of fun to other way house like
otherwise I already just took I would
have taken the flight and just going
home and I would have been it but
instead this happened man this is this
is what it's about this is this is
exactly us about just going with the
flow a little bit just fucking
awesomeness so I'm gonna go to bed now
so thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like or in subscribe
and let me tell you this right now
tomorrow's vlog is gonna have one of the
biggest surprises maybe shocks you may
have ever seen like like not
life-changing but it's something that
I've needed to tell you guys it's
something that I've already tell you
guys for the longest time and I don't
think y'all have seen it coming so don't
miss that 6 p.m. tomorrow I'll see you
guys there adios
