so turning em after being awake till 5
a.m. is never a good decision but good
morning party all right it'll look like
a priest it's time to start this day a
true French breakfast oh my goodness me
look how busy this places they're back
on the Arc de Triomphe I'm surprised
we're going just so many arguments who
the other drivers not be excels at
driving but our driver was about 260
shit outlets in one day - it will be dia
we're about to get some shit done edit
the vlog and Harris you have Warren job
makes - be nice nice to me start to rain
look Oh French this street is la la ooh
la la
when in France very good little spot we
found him potty
but again it was Italian I'm taking it
home with it look little V nurse
schnitzels daughters don't you check out
this bar
oh you can help yourself to bar take an
Orangina and a handful of gumdrops this
vlog is gonna take like 4 hours to
upload so I've much to find this is
where I am and it's an Apple store I put
in my che just on the other side of this
building so I'm gonna risk take him a
laptop with me to the Apple store and
see if I can use them in there there I
don't get kicked out the struggles I go
through to get this blog uploaded but
it's ridiculous I can't wait until like
the world has like super fast global I
didn't met everywhere like for free it
will get to that point eventually bought
until then that's what we have to do I
found it now let's hope like the other
stores it's got fast free Wi-Fi
l-o-l oh my goodness me okay ignore the
flickering I don't think I can stop that
but look two minutes remaining
Thank You Apple I'm it was like a last
minute decision I was like I wonder if
there's an app
store nearby like it's probably cooking
for me to drive 30 minutes upload it
super fast at the Apple store and then
come back like the Vlad will beat you up
quicker but this was even faster this
actually panned out perfectly Apple
store thank you so much for your free
Wi-Fi I must be tested see how fast it
was bought I would've the vlog in two
minutes it's on live I am so happy it is
who can slow that doggies is little
that's my one in two coming in I don't
worry just gonna tie it I'll be trouble
plays or whatever book and know it's
disgusting book I think as you see
doctor well shit happens my tooth came
out just another night in Paris I guess
this is as European as it can get
look at this building oh my goodness me
I so fancy though the big crabby air
will have to ever did a great job of
fighting as a restaurant cheers mate I
found as a restaurant look at that
near like half past 11:00 at night and I
found a steak it's a shame it looks like
my steak still alive look at
now supposed to be medium Jesus Christ
it's like I know where it is so you know
my tooth came out earlier I just need a
mistake and then I like fell the back of
my tooth every fucking I just swallowed
my tooth I'm gonna have to I have to
poop out my tooth ever instead like I
can even shit it out and put it back in
oh just by doing oh whoa whoa whoa whoa
I've actually never noticed before that
there is a spotlight on the top of the
Eiffel Tower that it spins around look
at the hack whoa like a big-ass
lighthouse fucking love that notice you
know before okay we were supposed to
turn up here at 11:00 don't know what
this is or where we are born oh it's a
hotel and this looks hella fancy 16
members of security later we made it in
check this out I want to drive this
tonight this is hella crazy I'm not
exactly sure what's going on here but
there's a huge line to get in
like I said that security I nearly
killed me when we got let in village
fetes
this place is nuts oh my god
yeah
I'm not sure what's going on there
that's so random this is so French this
is so French
this is the French aspire
this is a bird both retching here
I'm not sure this place is just a maze
of rooms it's like it just how crazy
this place oh yeah this place this is
our freely
I have many questions
just look
so casual I love the monkeys I love them
I need a house fire with these guys in
my house
sure it was good fun but it was very it
it took like 55 minutes to get a drink
each time so I think we're gonna go
somewhere else but I don't think we'll
be able to much this premise is a body
wherever we're going next that is one
hell of a place to throw up I like a
much imagine owning this in England and
like look at your neighbor's house it
just looks like that this is fucking
awesome
Schweppes knows how to throw up by but
they really need to work on their mouth
holy shit yo that place is amazing
what a kaboom I got so hot what a club
this place was oh it's never gonna name
jangle jingle jangle amazing amazing
amazing stuff I'm so glad we went what a
random night
- you just like bonus
just casually scrolling through my
comments my last video and I'm like
bloody ell this is a big one
Tom's depressed man this vlog has a very
dull and sad undertone I love Tom to
death and I have been there for him
before the syndicate project but he and
Lydia splitting up is messing with him
he won't admit it but if we all know Tom
you remember that when something serious
happens he distracts himself by
traveling to new places and filming
himself with lots of alcohol it's it's
happened multiple times from losing
Steve to his grandma to the make-a-wish
kid analogy a Tom's ok but his heart and
spirit is broken right now we're we're
all that he has and he knows that before
you know he's gonna have another rush of
excitement in his life but for now the
wife of Tom is definitely going through
dark times indeed there's mobile we love
you Tom listen to us when we say it's
okay to take time away from your 10
years of ongoing YouTube stuff to live
that short life and make the most of it
I hope you read this and for the funds
sums up so it does deserves love and we
all know that deep down in his heart he
needs Lydia as a company outside of the
family that is all of us love you bro
your motto is life's too short make the
most of it is a very reason why I'm
still alive today
now you Maidan may recommand saying this
but just know that I'm one of your
biggest fans that you're like the big
brother I've never had I look up to you
since I was nine and I've always been
inspired to keep going by you I'm 20 now
I'm not on YouTube for 11 years I don't
know how he's been watching me since he
was nine you never gave up on us on me
on anybody so don't give up on yourself
don't give up on Lydia she's your woman
and you're her man see that for it is
true I'm just saying this right now that
is the deepest comment I'd ever read in
my life just to address except like a
lot of people tweet it at me so I want
to go through my video and actually read
it and see it I don't consider myself a
very depressed person not at all in this
light it's doggin wrong I have achieved
a lot in my life and I do have a lot of
moments in therefore I'm like no what no
what now what I don't think those
depressed I think that's just like an
outlook on life of to step back and take
everything in and you know work out like
what's next like what I want to do as
for like the traveling and alcohol I
love travelling and one of the things
that mean Lydia being together is she
was
teacher so we could only really travel
say when she was on school holidays but
then everyone else in the world was on
school holiday so not only was like
flights everywhere expensive but then we
could all go for a period of time not
like she got off work and stuff like
that
whereas I could have traveled on my own
without her but then I felt bad because
if I'm not traveling without her and
she's just at home and I'm going off
having fallen an adventure and all that
she was ok with me doing it but why I
just felt bad as a person for doing that
like I want to have her on the
adventures to explore me into travel but
because like if her time commitments and
stuff like that would work she just
wasn't able to and therefore I didn't
travel as much as I why to so as much as
it seems like I'm just got routed off on
an adventure I completely get your
comment and just like going drinking to
like wash away my sorrows not really the
case this was a business plan that a
business trip that had been booked in
and it just happened to be going to at
the same time so just because I'm all my
friends are alcoholics and I also drink
a lot I don't think really puts two and
two together to make it like I'm
depressed boy thank you very much for
being concerned and I definitely haven't
been doing YouTube for 11 years by the
way it doesn't take away from the fact
in the slightest that you've been you
may have been in a dark spot and I could
help you out so I'm really glad I could
help you with that but just to put your
mind at ease tank booster I don't see
myself as a person who like gets to
doubt about anything and yes I
definitely distract myself with things
like if something bad happens or
something in life just like that
I have hundred percent distract myself
and to be fair that is like the best
thing to deal with it like I can address
the situation I always have my entire
life I can address the situation
something happens and I can give my mind
the time it needs to spend on i.t to
think about it and think of a cause of
action of how I want to move forward and
then once I'm done I just get on with
life and I don't know if you've noticed
but the past three years of daily
vlogging I do a lot of traveling a lot
of drinking and a lot of partying so
once again thank you very much for you
concerned homie but everything's good in
the hood
and in between the where's - where's
bonus where's bonus l√≠via covers for the
in comments a lot of people truly think
and you're like just hates me
and we talked about this in a vlog
together like we discussed it Angelo is
a very mellow person like you know if
you put me in a room with like Alison
Kyle
our energy levels of like up here and
it's like boom boom boom boom go go go
but like when I'm on this trip like when
I go traveling I was like Angelo or even
valence at the same time those two dudes
are very quiet like than us in these
videos you know it's very loud and out
there
but in person these are really like like
Donna wolf dead quiet guy Angelo also
very quiet doesn't really talk a lot not
just to me but to other people and I
kind of like bring them out their shells
and so it looks like too massive
contrast like trust me I see it in the
edits I see light in their face like I'm
like up here and then just like very
mellow people that's why I try and
surround myself by like similar people
to me like my my my sister and Kyle
because I love positive vibes I love
good energy so when I'm surrounded by
people who you know who a bit more like
hmm then it kind of like brings me down
in a sense but I can bring the fun out
of them so it kind of works two and two
together so yet to people who think me
and Angelo want to kill each other with
knives don't panic don't worry me Nigel
have known each other for like seven
years and it's always been like that I
don't think we'd still hang around with
each other if we hate each other but
these comments on these videos are very
very impressive a lot of people just get
it on with the things that a lot of
people just getting caught up on the
same old shit but I think I might do a
video like a funny video going through
the comments not in a dumb thing wrong
not in a disrespectful way just to kind
of put people in their place you might
play or you doing table driver no just
to put people in the place cuz I know my
vogue is to share my life and I'm a
hundred percent happy to do it and I'm
totally down for people to give like
their opinions and your feedback and all
that saw stuff unlike how they feel like
some it comes across or basically just
their opinion but some people like don't
know how to give like their feedback in
a non like demanding way like I think
the word is feeling like entitled to be
able to tell me how to live my life or
what to do in my life so I think I'm
gonna do a video going through it and
just basically roasting the best ones
really putting people in their place
because it's something I'd do in real
life if someone was like coming at me
telling me something I just shut that
shit down and tell them as it is and I
feel like we need to be on the same page
you know I'm saying so guys I'm gonna
end the vlog here thank you very much
for watching make sure you leave a like
rating
make sure you leave a comment about the
vlog and not just keep like looking back
in the past and being a negative
positive person well I like positive
vibes I don't want to go to my comments
and just see people like like leeching
on my vibes the song says bitch don't
kill my vibe I like positive people I'm
a positive person I always have been
feel like I've got a great outlook on
life you know I say life's too short
make the most of it and that does not
consists of just looking back in the
past going what if I wish if only I
could have done why not move forward
think forward be positive and it's not a
fake like pot an attitude it's just
genuinely who I have always been and how
I've always been and you guys can tell
that cuz I daily vlog but I'm gonna go
so thanks very much watch it make sure
you leave a like written subscribe I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the
next daily vlog which I hope manages to
get up on time because I now need to
render this shower and go to the Apple
Store to upload it so make sure you
follow me on Twitter at Pro Syndicate
and Instagram at syndicate and some I'm
doing like the whole Instagram story
thing a lot more now so if you want to
see some extra behind the scene things
that aren't in the vlog make sure you
follow me there and of course I sarios
