good morning world you can totally see
much out of my window today but that was
a very nice sleep I will say you've got
this entirely massive room you've got an
entire lounge in there with a huge
bathroom but then two single beds sure
let's start this day was an immediate
trip to the airport I thought I was in
Vienna for three days it turns out nope
just the one and I will admit I'm really
good about that
this place looks absolutely gorgeous I
don't only here for one day and because
tomorrow the French pilots are on strike
we have to fly out tonight instead to
get to Paris
but I also rejoice because I've got
toast and orange juice now that I'm
checking out check out the name of the
hotel room dorita man sweet very cute
and these guys look to show fault was
their hotel with celebrities in it it's
almost a game to find out who hasn't
been in this hotel
Oh sad to say goodbye to this place I
cannot believe I'm leaving Vienna
already oh sorry dude time to get the
bags at the party hmm
whenever I travel I always try to never
check a bag but this airline we're
flying with now they got those tight
spaces so I have to check you
unfortunately this is definitely the
strangest computer on the other side of
this and the did you forgive me Father
five said you can see him no I cannot
see you enjoy you check those chin is
over there you're like beds we've got
that one hour before we need to be on
the plane so quickly
hello priest are you talking to me do
you say what do you say plane takes off
from one hour
I've got 30 minutes of my video to
render out and then the internet speed
at this Airport is ridiculous 140 up so
if I can get this video rendered out if
only about 10 minutes 40 minutes I was
pretty fast I'll be able to upload it in
like seconds and that will be another
daily vlog on time I'm like a streak
right now like a week of uploaded on
time doing this thing that literally
took seconds to upload I think if we
talk about Kate now a public good of a
self life I have questions I have lots
of questions because this is terrifying
we are on the way France oh you mother
sorry thanks awaiting they are
absolutely gigantic I know know why
Angelo always was business class yeah
they may be yeah I fell asleep the
entire time thank God even had a window
see and everything so like I could maybe
fill the Eiffel Tower yeah I just left
entire damn Paris Airport
congratulations you played yourself this
is gonna be a long journey now because
you go like 40 minutes to get into the
center of Paris to where we need to go
but it's 4 o'clock in the afternoon it's
gonna be busy want to see a little
Easter Egg that right there is a super
famous piece of art of a guy who of
space invader
who will be dear one of the massive
power houses behind 3bd that is the
French his dog I've ever seen
boy Angela's got going to have a meeting
inside this big-ass building and I I'm
gonna ignore the fact that there's a
random t-bag chilling that I think I'm
gonna go sit on that little square over
there and near that all restaurant of a
coffee
don't you forget and catch some Ray's
there yeah again me
first of all mad respect for doing their
job second of all they must be
absolutely boiling we got done with the
meat in and I like how I just like roll
out wearing a hoodie and whatever look
at how max looks so beautiful
Angelo so beautiful I didn't get the
denim memo of God a bar over here with
literally like Jagermeister on tap and
then switched the left you've got all
fresh food ins to file out look at this
look at all the time look at all hum
okay I'm lost
I'm walking through pasture aisles I'm
like Angelo does not mess around with
his ubers this place is so fringe
an hour in front it's just so French
welcome to the world's biddies rounded
up my driver knows exactly what he's
doing to make into the cause we have
cyclists and Audi TTS represent hope the
dignities Bell is got lots of Ekron over
cyclist
crazy cat drivers yeah hey this is the
most mental thing I've ever done in my
life I would never drive around now
around this my own no wait this is where
cars come to get crushed like there's no
lines on the ground and if you want to
come down you just comply anything you
get in the gate it over and then just
throw yourself out of it Judi help
this is just look at this happy text you
well this is very French look at la I'm
not too sure what that is but we've made
it to our hotel for the night I can't
even tell you what it says but this
looks very nice Angelo comes to France a
lot to meet with Lavinia so when he
comes to meet with them all the time
this is the place they stay that night
proof I made it to my hotel room
French Pattie style it's quite very
quaint and small just got a big metal it
was a big bed but then a small last room
and how's my view looking let's take a
look let's take a look
shops look at those cheese yeah ended up
passing the hell out in the hotel room
but we woke it up now and Evans got his
tickets too crazy hot I definitely will
not be able to film this show what do
you think this show so far it's not
around
the best thing so far if you don't want
Crazy Horse's just google it the best
thing so far has been two dudes dancing
but they were fully clothed and they
were tap dancin Asante poor toilets in
France yeah very fitting amazing Jim you
know what that was a really really
really good show shout out to my boy bun
us he hooked it up tonight he was just
like yo I've got tickets for a show I
thought we're going watching like a
movie or something no Google Crazy Horse
you've just got to admit that Paris is
like the most oh thank you so much my
friend absolutely guys again how French
can you get this is the first 24-hour
restaurant I've ever heard in France all
the fancy people who clearly come out of
shows I was wearing like suits and
I was expecting this place to serve like
burgers and stuff like that we've got
oysters shell fish seafood players
galore chicken wings I've found five
stars it's on saying
huh these little bones and the frogs
like kind of output I wanna say it
tastes like chicken but it doesn't taste
like anything this is gonna take me at
least an hour to get through we made it
to a club I love rolling into a really
nice full of in front like actually
really nice cook there's no toilet seat
I needs a poo okay so the club scene in
front
Turks up a little bit I made Angelo and
run us goin up and they did so things
stepped up a little notch and I'm very
happy with the outcome what is this
nightclub later we're jumping in an uber
apologize
that is not our car this is a car we
write in black we are driving past
Frances most famous monument the
Concorde oh that's actually I think a
real pain oh this is a Concorde I had no
idea that was actually a thing I thought
it was that a temporary power is
permanent so London Eye
and then punted this situation I will
admit I woke up terribly hungry / and
terribly tired the next they have to be
now that late because we had to go to a
meeting at 10:00 a.m. I completely
forgot about that so the entire night I
was encouraging us to like go out
drinking and keep going abide and I
would a blast and I just forgot that we
had to be up so early but here I am in
bed this is my current cell we went out
for some food so I've got a pizza box
with my mouse on it as an annoucement
I'm editing the vlog I've done a speed
test of the Internet and I could tell
you I'd rather drive back to the airport
fly back to Vienna to use their internet
there because here I have 0.6 upload
from a six-second upload in France to
what might actually be a 6-hour upload
if this video was late please know that
I had more than enough time to get this
vlog uploaded I just didn't expect that
outcome so happens ok but on that
little bombshell guys I'm gonna go cuz I
need to wrap up this vlog so thank you
very much for watching I will just
address something dead quick a lot of
people I can tell like because this
usually happens always say like why
don't you put virus in the vlog why
don't you put virus in the vlog like
what Evan doesn't like being in vlogs
like not even just my particular like he
doesn't like being in videos and stuff
like that III RL videos and I totally
respect his decision it's super easy I
don't wanna make awkward for him and
like with my vlog and the one thing I
want people to be is comfortable because
that's why I don't have like one of them
big camera rigs I'll go point out like a
you know you know big DSLR the
microphone honest and like a stand cuz
it just makes people around you feel
super uncomfortable like I'm okay with
stuff like that and people like that
filming near me but when you spot it
from a distance
everyone's like why's that guy filming
why's that guy filming and you can't
take it to clubs counts against bars and
stuff like that so I just film
everything with my phone so it's just
dead relax dead chilled and everyone's
just more casual because at the end of
the day I just want to be able to
capture the moments of my life to share
with you guys and not essentially like
ruin the moment by me shooting a big
camera in someone's face so hopefully
that clears it up in case everyone's
like wondering what the hell's going on
so thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a light gray and
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow at maybe 6:00 a.m. the next day
for the next daily vlog because this
thing takes forever make sure you follow
me on Twitter at Pro syndicate on
instagram at syndicate links will be
down below and i'll see you guys
tomorrow
much love adios
