it's two o'clock in the morning I'm
gonna be setting off for the airport at
4 a.m. and my flight is at 6
is there even a point and B going to
sleep the answer is definitely yes
because I'll be exhausted otherwise so
I'll catch you in the morning I don't
know we're back in the brand new phone
wallet passport check European plug it
up laptop bag suitcase we are ready
rock'n'roll my dad's gonna be by the
house today so he can feed Stephen it is
5 o'clock so it's not time for Steve to
eat yet but uh tuck is outside
good bye home next off airport night
oh yeah go by the names syndicate yeah a
few the drivers take me like to the
airport and train stations quite a lot
I've known them over the years
Troy for does that class as young
anymore
Oh kid oke jet - that's where I need to
be right now let's just hope I'm a goner
too god damn fly I swear to god I'm
pretty sure this is where he wasn't jet
- it was it was easy chip it was
definitely easy yet it's absolutely
fucking around the top
my bags finished not only did that I'd
get searched my rooks like got searched
- for god damn - sheesh
well that is my own fault because I was
like I don't protect you which I never
take my quit I didn't what was in my bag
a deodorant from insomnia I definitely
didn't get it was hid inside a secret
pocket go pee and now boarding gates
where you wanted I'm cookie so close so
far still dark outside and I was gonna
say there's a plane but I think cause
he's down that was a long walk like
Jesus
I was quite funny when I went to sit
down this guy like bleep to me was like
staring and I was like I mean just like
casual allowing right behind me and I
could tell like you can't do me on new
offered me something huh when I sat down
already shoulders I could see him
working on looking on my Twitter you
don't seem much to our profile picture
looks like you know it stands out so
tapped out sort of shorter I said hi
this is awesome dope nurse that is so
sick great good straightened Drayton
I'm here about to jump on a plane up a
bit to this guy it's like totally not
working or anything this is me not being
disrespectful in the slightest
I've never seen so many people preying
on a plane a woman by the way these are
these the people have been on the plane
we're all like what is going on right
now there's like a mad praying session
happening this guy's praying here
it's kinda high knees pray here like I'm
not trying to interrupt it it's like his
ball we were like is it happening at a
certain time or a certain day or we have
no one did apparently it isn't a medical
emergency on the plane and the ambulance
are coming on everyone's now looking
around but who's else though
Oh everything's okay
so hopefully everyone's okay it turns
out one of the guys on the plane is like
a paramedic or AMT or something and help
save the day and I may actually be
getting a tattoo off this lovely lady
here okay you're gonna get one as well
right you just have to wait and see if I
do actually get one cuz my mom's gonna
kill me if I do
Hey I love Vienna hello sunny
this is the weather of mate with an
ambulance it's actually pretty good
quiet and this is a schnitzel um I'm
actually seeing what it says a schnitzel
it's but I will try it got my bag they
did make me check it which sucks but I
got my bag now got head straight into
the town Mia with Angela I'm gonna meet
up with Angelo we're going straight to
meeting a dev team based here in Vienna
so thank you very much waiting dude we
got so lost you don't even understand
this is where now Jen and I are sharing
an uber into town and Jen informed me
that everyone here speaks German so she
speaking German Austrian German and I
have no idea what she's saying
what are you just say to him we finally
steal my kidneys yeah yeah no yeah
you're like going to kidney yeah Vienna
is looking all while van is looking so
good that this guy just pulled up in
front of me what a dick Vienna's looking
mighty god damn nice I'm like it I'm
like it was super close to the hotel
it's been a pleasure riding with you I
better see you again on this trip if I
don't I'm gonna be sad if I don't get
tattoo obvious I'd any kind you're
doesn't get tattooed I've even started
okay I don't know there's a horse and
carriage I fucking love this place me
mother of goodness me I'm in like the
craziest grandest hotel ever I got a
little reception I mean like oh but when
so I'll show you the name of the suite
it's ridiculous
look at this I've got a chandelier above
my bed I've got a goddamn chandelier
above my bed have a look at the bathroom
ah yo modernize bathroom bathtub going
on in nice mirrors lots of murrs more
mirrors nice Shella what is this these
that is the biggest amount of shampoo
and stuff I've ever seen hey this is a
fancy asset what is that is that
toothbrush for zebra toothbrush holder
or something I don't know what it is
well this is a really nice hotel I like
it I do enjoy it but I've got to get
going Oh fresh fruit okay I'll take a
grape Oh actually I don't want any more
sticky tom cassell I don't know what's
in it or what it says and I don't know
what I was gonna eat with a knife and
fork but I'm gonna use the toilet I'm
gonna freshen up that quick and I've
gotta rush straight to a meeting to go
meet a team I think the most hilarious
thing about this hotel room is you know
I usually get a card or a Kia something
like well here you get keys I mean right
this is the key not only do you okay but
you get a paddle look at this look at
the size of this product yeah I'm just
gonna put that in my pocket real quick
one sec I'm a bit unnecessary and now
just watch how far I have to walk now to
get out of this maze because I have to
go meet up with Angelo and the rest of
the 3bd team I hope I hope I'm I still
remember the way I could
or is it window VN is windy listen it's
my only feedback so far beautiful city
look at this absolutely beautiful
very vending what I'm gathering most
people speak German I think not a
hundred percent on that but I'm also
regretting my decision to maybe walk out
in a hoodie in this Sun and I forgot my
sunglasses but I am wearing shorts so I
came kind of prepared the thing is with
most European places a lot of people go
for like the history and I know I sound
super rude being like I don't care about
museums I don't care about that's like I
don't go to cities
to do that sort of stuff I don't go for
the museum stuff I'll happily walk
around and check it out I love a good
little bit history board I like going to
places seeing what their culture does
for fun or excitement or what's fresh
and was new rather than like what they
used to do in the olden days for fun
like it look at this place
there's like it's a real weird mix it's
like beautiful buildings but then
there's loads of graffiti everywhere
I've come all the way to Vienna and I
see this
what a disgust I hope that God behind it
doesn't think I'm talking about him
about what about disgusting and Janee I
think that guy customers talking about
him because from his perspective all you
can see is me going disgusting how'd you
know I don't know how'd you know where
is he things have escalated in this
meeting top secret projects we don't
want people to see anything
first bare the day Thomas Ames Mettler
sparkling I'm Joe I'm judging you guys
right now this is
very light very light wait for it wait
for it yeah my ass
very nice Cheers it's my first proper
meal and I've come from bacon
cheeseburger take it for the most
amazing sauce in the world I tried to
last as one was physically possible dude
I literally it was like I put my head
and I'll lay back in my chair close my
eyes when was gone woke up like half an
hour away it was like yes sir but I
guess that was quite rude oh it's so
good I was like well in that case head
down to the table fucking dumb I've come
all the way to Austria Austria am I in
Austria I think I'm not sure I've only
just woken up yes this is what this
place looks like when there's people
walking around it
this is the end of the day so could we
go into the hotel and we have a bit of
updated news we're supposed to be fine
to France I think tomorrow for Air
France is on strike so we may not be
going to France tomorrow I'm not sure
what's gonna pan out there to take off
the hoodie show off the brand new
syndicate original coat of arms sure and
now we're going out for some wear proper
proper Austrian food which I'm actually
quite excited about my first meal of the
day was a bacon cheeseburger so I wasn't
too overwhelmed by that but I am very
excited to see what this country has to
offer
Angela this guy's stop it in the street
to take pictures of ducks we get we got
loads of them it but in England they're
not a rare thing there just looks like a
little food to up to do okay so believe
this is where we're going
voila yeah shoot how do you say this
okay we're gonna go for this step one
put label full of beef proper into part
of your bowl this looks awesome
this is the dish we've ordered looks
quite nice very oily but it comes with
pancake Kenobi
that's good
wow that is good that is it so good I
was not expecting that those expected to
be tasteless but wow that Friday this
has got harsh radish in it spit the
spinach remnants Americans there you go
feel at home and then after years of
saying the word I finally found myself
some kotappa celery so this is the
proper stuff and it looks like pineapple
childers in wall art uh facade test hold
salary potato marwan's reaction to cut
offal salad it's sour right sour bitter
every day isn't it of famous people that
I've been in this restaurant George
Lucas has been in Putin's been here may
this is ridiculous so many people singly
Reds been here what the heck no way
the legend very nice meal
very good we had like a traditional
place tonight rather than like having
another burger or something on that okay
these Americans would have definitely
had like a burger or something and I'm
just like no no oh my goodness me this
is the city this is the st. Stephen's
Cathedral in heck I was saying I wasn't
that too bothered about seeing the
architecture the buildings but then I
seen this just run on in the city centre
this is great and all that but I have a
scooter by the way so this is ten times
births is just like the one in Cologne
look at this he commits in a whole eight
minutes did you really just star do it
into a church what the heck is going on
wait sponsored by Samsung a church she
sponsored by sums what it just took a
photo of me that was my reaction
it's a sponsored by Samsung Church
a excited my odd it must be so exciting
tongues hanging out like it's the this
is the Alma's bara salute me this looks
like Batman's hate chickens got a
spotlight on the roof or go into a baron
here so let's go check this shit out out
of all these drinks I could go for
I've come for a hot zombie rum a vanna's
Club rum some you porpoise I don't even
know what that means
well then it's got chilly I don't know
know about that I definitely chose the
best cocktail I don't know how I got
away we don't eat the chili but this
guy's just going for it
are you gonna be the whole thing at
first he was like it's fine you change
his mind quickly are you okay do you
need a glass of water
oh my God look at how nice and
everything thank you so much until next
time goodbye Vienna can't believe I'm
going to Paris already tomorrow stay one
more day but not remember breath oh my
god there's a weenus stand this turned
into beer and
schnitzels what is that called I trust
this hot dog over an American hot dog
any day
no no American hot dog is gonna make
your ass explode that's all I'm saying
there what is this seriously
my mans toasting my bun yes please
yeah put it in I have questions what is
it what is that Lee Burke isn't easily
what is it what is it meat bread it's me
we're getting we're getting beers and
hot dogs to go let's roll I feel kind of
sorry for this dog because this guy is
so drunk like look how a good drunk this
guy is look he's literally falling oh my
god he's gonna walk into that post don't
do it man he's got a dog so oh my god
save the doggy
for me get it together get together you
can do this you've never got far to go
home just please take care of the dog
that guy's so wasted it doesn't even
know what day the fucking month it is I
can't believe it's four o'clock in the
morning and my one goes so white-girl
wasted yeah I do think you believe you
slut drops and all those girls tonight
oh my god okay maybe it's like quarter
to 1:00 in the morning we're all very
sober my ones upset because these guys
dance and she was armed with his dancing
shoes and you know what it's not done
tonight he's not dumped no one's judging
you okay I've been to some hotel lobbies
but this is a hotel lobby bloody hell
hi what are you doing
and these all the famous people who've
stayed in these hotels yeah I don't even
know oh my god hiccups I've been
drinking I don't that totally sober last
no guys I have to add the vlog here so
unfortunately we will be leaving Vienna
I thought we were there for another day
to be honest sellers feel fortunate we
would have been there for two days when
we parted just actually caught flight
the day before but then why so we're
trying to get friends which airstrikes
on front F Frances and strike so making
things difficult for a cell find out
tomorrow if we make it to front make
sure they were white grace subscribe so
you guys then the next day don't forget
makes your phone into a pro syndicate
and Instagram at syndicate I thought
thinking description for them as well
but unless I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. cest yes
