okay so this is tom from the future
before we get into today's vlog I'm just
gonna address something because everyone
has been bombarded in the vlogs with
where's love your where's Lydia whether
they're whether they're what's going on
it's as simple as this me and Lydia have
separate it but without it getting
awkward a weird or into too much detail
and vlog assembles it is it's not
through any bad reason of us splitting
up or wanting to be with someone else or
any drama or anything that it is
literally just the case of Libya
deserves more of my time and attention
unfortunately where I'm at it was my
life with my stream with my vlog you my
everything I just can't give with you
that time and attention that she totally
truly deserves it's been difficult and
I've been trying to get around it of
like trying to balance my time between
LA my stream in my vlog in my edit in my
vlogging my upload in my vlogging my all
that sort stuff my life basically
consists of like a 24-hour clock of
light non-stop work work work work work
and then when something additionally
gets thrown into my life like hey your
trip to this destination you know I'll
do this I'll come do that or a gaming
event so while this it just adds on to
my BOB aardman of work which in a lot of
circumstances if you guys seen I've been
out to include litter you're in but then
in the day to day like work style of
life Lydia goes to work at like 7
o'clock in the morning and doesn't come
back till 5:00 and then I'm streaming at
like 7 p.m. at night so 10 o'clock at
night there's a really hard balancing
issue there and I know there's a lots
more that could go into it but we both
mutually agreed that as much as it sucks
to have to separate from each other it's
for the best of both of us I don't want
Lydia to be upset that I'm not spending
time with her and I don't want to be
pissed off that I can't spend time with
her or I don't want to feel bad for
wanting to like further either my career
or what makes me happy or saying yes to
an opportunity or something like that
and Lydia has been nothing but
supportive of me going off traveling and
my gaming and my streaming and all that
sort stuff she's been amazing
but unfortunately I just can't provide
her the amount of time and energy that
she really deserves so unfortunately
guys that means you're not gonna be see
as much Lydia in the vlog as well as the
kiddies I don't know you might be like
no Tom cuts and without getting into any
driver of it and stuff like that it's
always been the mutual agreement that me
and Liv you ever broke up or and it can
happen there Lydia would have the cats
I'm not just that that was my decision
from day one she completely agreed with
it she was totally fine with it as much
as I love them as much as the like my
little kids I'm sure I'll see them in
the future and they're much better off
with Lydia just simply because if I'm
waking up at 6 o'clock at night they're
not either on a regular schedule and
I'll just mess up their lives as well so
nothing but positive vibes guys I have
nothing negative to say there's no bad
blood I truly wish her all the best will
prob
hang out a bunch and I'm not actually
just saying that like Oh every couple
says they're gonna hang out after they
broke up we probably will do and when I
get back from this trip you will
probably see her in the walk because
she's an awesome person I truly love her
to pieces and I mean that from the
bottom of her I absolutely love her to
pieces
I always had a crush on her when I went
to high school and I still got a crush
on her now even though I think she's
special and before you think I'm like in
salt and a colander special I mean like
that's like a joke when girls like
that's special and between me and Lydia
yes she is special to me we both
mutually agreed on this and rather than
traipse in the drama of anything there's
anything that we both just agreed that I
just announced it in the blog like this
I'm not even made it like the thumbnail
or the title or anything like that
because there is really no reason to
make a big deal of it and I hope you
guys to respect understand that so
without the way you can all stop body
asking where's Lydia where's the cuties
where's the kiddies where's the Cougars
if you do see anyone asking like where's
Lydia what's going on if you couldn't
phone and just like they've gone their
separate ways like know about blood I'd
really appreciate it because it saves me
having to read the same comment again
and again and again but without further
ado is what what a beautiful day in
paradise you can't make it up I wake up
on a Monday like this a beautiful day a
beautiful start to a week and I'm
leaving the country
I make you sound like I'm running away
but I'm attempting to run away with a
fresh haircut so let's try and get that
started this morning I'm indeed going
today at one o'clock so in like an hour
to Vienna now I don't think Vienna is my
final destination I'm going somewhere in
Seoul okay stop it's an adventure and
we're taking it you know why because
life's too short make the most of it so
that's what we're gonna do oh my last
meal before I go to Vienna will be
monstermunch a prawn sandwich and a what
okay so I got the haircut I need to
shower it off put some hair Jer in it
Jer gel in it I'm gonna get him a
defender brush all pack my bags and then
after hopefully the taxi turns up
perfectly by time it right now to take
me to the airport I Stephen it is now 10
to 1 chances of looking slimmer around
the corner but at the same time it looks
like his clothes I literally missed the
plane by like 5 minutes who forgot about
that I did one pin two hours and I was
like Alex drive me to the airport
she's like no I'm busy acidic original
so if only she could jump in the car and
got me that faster we may have made it
but he said that's a way around for taxi
instead so it sucks
make up a back-up plan and my backup
plan consists on going to Terminal three
trying to get the flight 22 to which
takes me I think to like Germany then to
Austria so to the end so let's see if
I'm going get together chances are for
another news it's a beautiful day in
England
he's time to be my saviors can't make
you up I went over to that desk to get
checked it onto that fly missed that
flight by no joke one minute the machine
it wouldn't let her check me and she was
like I'd sell you the tickets like
everything but the Machine physically
won't let me do it by a one-minute oh
this is a good travel day so far I could
decide if I want to right now just not
fly out today because I need to be in
Vienna for tomorrow that's why I was
fighting today I could if I decided to
go home and come back at five o'clock in
the morning and get an easyJet flight
it's 6 a.m. that only cost me 65 quid so
you could spend the rest of today
messing around like waiting all day at
the airport this all that all this all
that oh I get up at like 5 o'clock
tomorrow for a flight which I don't like
flying early in the morning at the same
time I'm really not about messing around
for the rest of the day today clearly a
day I'm not meant to travel so I'm just
saying plan of action go home get
organized decide whether I'm gonna fly
out in the morning all tonight and then
move from there also edit today's vlog
sigh still not doing it and if I don't
get it done now and I'm definitely I'm
gonna get it all over there time
terminal 3 I'll see in about an hour
this is probably the number one benefit
of me actually missing the flight today
it meant that I could actually render my
vlog way before 6 p.m. because I'm gonna
have to do it at the airport and then
hope before I got on the plane that the
Wi-Fi at the airport was quick enough
huge it's how interrupts in that clip I
just watched it back and realized that I
was going overexposed maybe with that
other 900 pounds that are saved I should
buy an actual vlogging camera and
hopefully that won't happen again but
carry on overexposed Tom so instead
because mr. fly we're gonna be able to
get a refund on the entire fly and then
rather than like spending a $900 on a
ticket whatever the price of it was I
managed to get a ticket for 65 pounds
tomorrow at 6:00 a.m. so not only did I
save money I managed to get the vlog
uploaded on time hell yes
I've just been talking about going
outside sunbathing to get a little bit
of a tan whilst I've got nothing to do
for a few hours and it's currently 10
degrees in England and cloudy and rainy
in Vienna it's 25 degrees and sunny
trigger and actually 4 o'clock in Vienna
I would be getting off the plane in the
next 25 minutes so unfortunately I did I
guess that's just the way the cookie
crumbles
now I know I said I was gonna sunbathe
but a bike that you know what I should
probably take a hoodie that cloud looks
kind of gray
I think it's about to start raining in
England well you guys see me right my
electric bike all the time but what you
don't see is me right Matt downhill bike
my bike what you're not going downhill
English sausage I just haven't had it
out in a long time and I might be taking
out to France to me in June so I just
thought I'd take it out go to my dad's
house get it oiled up you just give me
some what to do for the next couple of
hours until I decided what I'm doing so
I'm trying to ride a downhill bike with
a flat tire I know this bike so fucking
slow if there's ever a bike that need an
electro ding electric engine is this one
I'm pretty sure it was he's getting like
an extension out on the front where he's
got little tables you could have outside
meals for his customers summer is here
and we're just making the most of it
listen to the noises bikes making I was
like I'm an army about to abate oh my
god my god you just open that door
that's not safe no one's in I'm gonna
cry yeah yeah I miss my flight literally
missed it by like five minute check in
so it's my own big old giant glory you
know what I have to definitely give a
shout-out to Jane because when I was
going off to France my orange bike broke
and then a homie at Razer his mum was
like yo our boy needs a bike and he just
gave
this thing like this is probably all old
tech and stuff on it now but oh my god
just look how God says it looks like new
she's oiled she's got air in it
she's ready to rock and roll it doesn't
mean she's gonna go any faster she's
still gonna go at like 1 mile per hour
but at least she's fresh where am i
Vietnam swirls wait what
and by the way the next person to water
centric original shirt is gonna win a
brand-new giant now is gonna say pedal
bike 1 but ok responders I could be in
Vienna right now II in really nice
foreign food but I'm eating Oreo
pop-tarts only gone and got syndicate
original into a bit of jazz right then I
guess I'll not see you guys tomorrow and
I'm gonna get on it at 6 a.m. to go to
Vienna Vienna I'm a-goin Vienna
yeah Vienna ever know what I'm going
alright so I won't see you tomorrow
hopefully I'll make my flight ok ok bye
these t-shirts going on sale tonight
that's great bye let's not continue the
trend of constantly being late for
things and missing things KFC is about
to close in about 40 minutes which
realistically gives me enough time so me
and Cal just finished a Jo sessions on
for tonight and it's like nearly 10
o'clock at night and Allison Cal have
not yet eaten and neither have I so
we're gonna go and have the final supper
of me
Allison Kyle eat you KFC like fat
bastards probably take it into their
house dude we need to get your gaming
money honestly and we gave you I've got
a spare one I've got a spare one I've
got a new one I'll give you a gaming
monitor ten times better
it's our turn to enjoy the night also at
the same time at one o'clock in the
morning I copy if you could please me
quite that'd be great one o'clock in the
morning I rolled up gave it and went out
to my car to get something for like two
seconds came back on boom today I could
have been in Vienna
it could be loving live with a glass of
vodka champagne or a Vienna you drink
there could about a bay with a European
meal instead the finest cuisine the
finest cuisine for a minute buddy it
didn't the cat said just walk straight
into the back hello cat oh wow well
memes it looks like a monster was he
faced account he's like you know then
snakes in this areas in the sea
apparently this room who's gonna become
cows game yo why don't you game what
Peter this is hella sick bay why are you
guys moving out stare and say open it
looks dope wow this is beautiful
Mike thought your panic then oh this is
actually I'm glad you saying your exes
kicked your ass to make you nice and
clean
well done you're very nice oh sorry what
it's a lose what so what
yeah cause you're gay so hopefully I
meet my fire please do that okay love
you
no no I'll get myself up goodbye yeah
yeah
I'm gonna edit it out listen I really
needed this hacker alright I feel I feel
much brush I look fresh did you know my
nose bleed that I've had but this is an
interesting one
not any phone calls or anything but the
police I've been to my house today not
too sure what about or what they're
doing but that is definitely two police
officers
I'm gonna go quickly check my letterbox
just in case they put a note through of
case something's up and on the road that
I don't know about I've not heard or
seen of anything but sound sounds seems
a bit dodgy for me to the police to be
turning up outside my house but uh yeah
hope names are okay I can only assume
this police didn't send this well this
is a message from starlight oh my
goodness dear Tom I'm right then huge
then twelve fingers grunt Thomas's style
I wish it in some of you ah Thomas sent
over the following message message for
you I cannot thank you enough for all
the time when you gave me a more day
secretary pull your extreme of generous
and it's really cool to meet you you
didn't have to get me that stuff I just
happened to meet you and that was enough
for me I hope to pay her back one day
for what you've done for me I appreciate
everything you clearly had such an it
wonderful impact on Thomas and it has
some brilliant memories to carry forward
oh I see thank you from the letter this
is like I believe I might be wrong to
say this I think star lights the kind of
like the UK's Make A Wish even though
the UK has make-a-wish but it's kind of
like more of our version of it but well
I've never received like a letter after
doing it and it's a little photo of me
Thomas absolute truth so many people
don't even know what Crohn's disease is
but I've been fortunate enough to like
grow up with such random people from all
across the world that I actually do know
about Crohn's disease no I'm not like a
genius I but I know about it and all
that sort of stuff and so when I met
Thomas and spoke to about is his disease
it was quite nice to be able to
understand what you thought about it not
be like I'm confused on a video I don't
talk about so Thomas you're a trooper
man keep on trucking through everything
and yeah what if I'd see you get my dude
but nice letter thanks darling alright
I've edited the blog it is now actually
one o'clock in the morning you know I'm
like I've got to get it before a.m. for
this flight well I still have to get up
at 4 a.m. for this flight to go to
Vienna tomorrow so really regretting
that decision of not getting a flight in
the daytime yesterday
this prototype I've gotta get this vlog
edited uploaded so it's there for your
faces at 6 p.m. but none unless guys
just thanks for watching day's vlog I
hope you'll enjoy it make sure you leave
a like and subscribe and honest I just
appreciate you guys all just like watch
the videos enjoying what is my life or
its the ups whether it's the downs
wherever it's the missing flights are
getting flights are just going wherever
are just being home I'm glad to have you
guys part my journey and I'm glad to
have like you know the abilities have
this platform to share it with you guys
so nonetheless thank you for all over
thank you for all the support I'll see
you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. the next day
they vlog
don't forget lest you shop make the most
of it I got you guys next time adios
