another day of waking up listening to
Jess and I don't know why it just helps
me start my day just right six o'clock
and it's gonna take an hour and 20
minutes to upload do the math with Tom
that vlogs gonna be late oh it's
Saturday I don't actually have any plans
right now apart from making the decision
of limited edition or bold print goal
that
rightio so today I have got not a lot to
do and as you saw by the time yeah I
really didn't sleep well last night so I
got outta bed at 4 p.m. today so I'm
gonna feed Steve I've got to take my dad
and Gayle their Easter eggs and then I'm
gonna speak to cow to see if you wanna
play part night I was after you know
yesterday's whole like oh my head
dresses but my Barber's about kabobs
mocking me at my haircut they turned out
well the entire village knows he's back
so he's really busy so I still like
potato now one thing we have to do Steve
is we need to take care of this pile
because doing when we lived at my dad's
house I mean at all that shit and all
that stuff well this dust not only just
mine
that belongs to you alright so you got
some tidying up to do so I'm gonna put
you on the rock again it's not a rock
why don't you call it a rock gotten your
old brunch and whatever you call it
explore he loves it no idea where to
start with this for example this is a
Disney affinity set they gave me for
Brundle that I did about six years ago
I've never touched it I've never used it
and I'm pretty sure he discontinued the
first ever deal I did with Disney's
that's pretty dope and Steve you look
like you're hanging on for dear life
there so I'm gonna just just gonna
rearrange your dead quick is that a bit
better for you
sweet I have a lava lamp I've got my
driving books that help me pass my
driving test I've got old games I've got
my old speaker system in here a PS Vita
like catalogue
loads of I could probably put all the
electronics of everything upstairs I've
got a printer back again okay that's
cool I first have a speaker system I had
this true story oh my god you know I
said I'm doing that Brandi with LG about
that mana they sent me I should probably
tell them that the first ever gaming
honor I ever got was an LG to check it
out this is the first ever screen I
managed to get so where is my first PC
here is it there that's my first ever PC
right next to my first ever razor blade
laptop i God just chilling there but
that is the first ever PC I got dope
case like super dope case
and still to this day I never know what
that cable was and by cable I mean
socket I our connection I've never never
knew what that was but that's my first
ever PC that I bought like after doing
YouTube while so still working at
McDonald's it was all taken up that's
the first ever PC eyeball it's like a
custom gaming PC then the second one I
got this bad boy in here which is like a
big old piece of kit this big old unit
but that one out I actually only bought
as an editing PC so back when I was like
pumping out zombie videos like six um be
videos a day like he was crazy what I
had is I had that PC over there for Ike
you know gaming on and then all the
footage that record because I need to
keep record and record and recorded and
then take it onto that PC edit on that
PC and render on that PC so nothing ever
stopped my workflow of recording and
recording and recording you know going
for high rounds different recording
whilst that one was editing a little bit
time I read into this a little tiny
Babar that Nvidia hooked me up with in
the past four years and then we stepped
it up we gladiate pcs and I've got the
beast upstairs now that is mad that my
dad actually brought this over that is
my first ever monitor it was super thin
super light but I tell you why did the
job in man oh man was I so happy to get
it when I first put my order in I even
think it came for free with my first
ever custom PC so it's one of those
things like I don't need it I should
probably just get rid of it but I'm not
harder I'm not a hoarder but it's just a
really really nice memory like my first
ever set of speakers don't really care
about that Polaroid camera that I bought
don't really care about it will I use it
probably not to feel like KC nice that
hey I've got like all my old cameras and
stuff thing is this an S 110 when all
the vlog is back in the day used to use
what s one tens my first ever waterproof
camera that I bought and went to Ibiza
with Canon whatever I think the goats in
bought this to going first of a biking
trip to France but man all these little
things that I've got I just don't need
and I should probably just get rid of
them but they're nice memories so maybe
I should just turn this room into a
museum not a blonde setup not a party
room not anything like that
Tom's Museum of life and I can could
just come down here and be like wow wow
but then I'll probably end up like
Sheldon spiderella if you don't watch
The Big Bang Theory but he told he never
ever throws anything away like
toothpicks cameras laptops anything he
keeps everything he's ever owned and it
keeps it a storage unit and that's gonna
become me Tom the hoarder Steve you
still don't really look like you're
having a great time
I'm gonna save you okay are you ready to
come off
yeah good it's okay perfect is one thing
that I'm gonna hold for the rest of my
life it's you look at it he loves hiding
under my neck
little little Oh little ninja come on
feeding time
no off off off stop crawling stay mad
okay now was on the Hat okay you good
loot good bro
and you go feeding time at the zoo it's
been like five days after Easter but I
think he's gonna like his Easter eggs
you may have seen them my dad's not a
ninja in the essence that he likes to
spoil things but these have been on my
side for about two weeks now and you
know my dad like works on my house so
chances are he's probably spied them but
nonetheless who doesn't like chocolate
and in the series of disgusting moments
with Tom I've never once eaten
McDonald's or had anyone in this car eat
you McDonald's since I bought it
he's a remote don't trip in my car you
know think you couldn't stay there and
be eaten by a bird thank you and how to
be a good friend and return Wesley be
his bow because he has a restaurant to
run and I can't just stay at my house
whore during his balls somewhere let's
take that down to him as well even
though I've already wasted half of it I
have to say this right now me back dish
was absolutely stupid good and it
doesn't make you under minute dude
seriously if that doesn't make it on
like the football menu you miss it out
hey someone could have told me it was
diving day everywhere he's rum dye
pulling for cardfight to drop where's
his ball off and I was like what the
fuck's going on is have been a fight I
was like nah it's just football so don't
know what's popping off here but my
local village is rammed where is he I
was about leaving God's on the drive Shh
he's got no respect for his own biking
gear
see thing is I think dad's already seen
these right put your hands out put your
arms up close your eyes all right don't
open them just hold it it's there wait
okay oh wait
thank you open your eyes have you step
it was five days later on do you see it
goodbye now what are you doing all right
home time nice catch up with him drops
off his Easter eggs he was very I threw
them and they're still staring at me I'm
not sure why they are but they are
I'm still stirring and we have to thank
the following that Lowell Vols which the
nine months insert name here 99 with the
eight months Rondo Barada a Doug fish
named favor subscribe homies well I
watched remember my internet seems to be
dead laggy so I'm resetting it to see if
it helps more importantly when I come
downstairs for any reason I'm gonna make
sure I start getting Steve out for like
even at least a couple of seconds a day
because I just saw so much just leave
him in there and I knew it I knew it
in May I thought you were just being
grumpy for a little bit but look at this
so his shoulders have been dead dark
recently look at the Chloe's body this
means this is a really healthy happy
bearded dragon is even though was a bit
lazy he's a very very happy healthy
dragon and this caught on a patch on
he's on his back in dark for ages but it
turns out it's just cuz he shed him no
no what you want to do to a lot of
people who ask me about like Bailey
dragon looking after anything is there's
one thing I don't know I dunno you never
pull the scales off like so you see how
it's like this you never do it what you
can do you can Bath them and help the
process it in a sense but like you never
never never never never rip them off
because the scales can still be growing
if you rip him off you can literally
like really damage them so a Stevens got
a new fresh skin on a you first you know
you're fresh skip it's been a while
since I've seen him with his like crusty
eyes or anything so yeah is it very
healthy dragon
I've got about five minutes for me in it
net to reset and then as soon as that
reset I'm playing Joe is on for an hour
because I'm pretty excited for that book
me Stephen what you doing he prefers
being on carpet because when he's on
this you can't exactly run it's like
look there's no grip for him where's
that putting on a carpet make it cruises
absolutely cruises and leave him out for
a bit but because my house is so open
and stuff like that if if he went hiding
somewhere it'd probably take me hours to
find himself I'm just gonna stay with
him for five minutes and I'm gonna put
him back I'm pretty sure he's got
hiccups
listen go on going Stephen I thought it
was doing a little bit of a hiccup in
there's me series a healthy bit of
dragon in he's hiccup
little tips off okay that he's so cute
it's even cuter when he sneezes he like
proper like shakes his head like when a
cat does it shake their head have you
got one more in your system you okay now
Oh big deep breath well I think he's all
right now
no yeah you know I just said it I'm just
resetting it in there then I sat down
with Steve for like 10 minutes
downstairs
Ilana I turn the internet off I just
didn't turn it back on everyone is
waiting for me my twitch streams gonna
be like he said it would be five minutes
yeah sorry about that
video evidence I was I was waiting for
it to reset got caught up on my son okay
don't judge uh mystery for like three
and a half hours there's four and a half
thousand people watching this and me and
Carl
just managed to bag ourselves another
Jew oh wait let me go to it's a record
so yeah now statistics is available but
that would show you I've got three Gio
wins and all through them with a cow
Carl is a legend and just wait a little
bit time and you'll see the gameplays
from me and Carl playing together on the
main channel so if you haven't subscribe
to the game channel go and subscribe but
holy shit
kyle is getting bad this video file of
Trent upload is that big that my
internet won't even let me get a
percentage of how much time it's gonna
take it's not even giving me an estimate
it just says zero plot mmm struggle is
real the struggle Israel and for like
the first time ever I've just livestream
myself editing the vlog live now there
is lots of Secrets to behind the scene
that a lot of people didn't see until
today so if you don't follow me on
Twitch make sure you follow me because
this is this is the sauce shit that goes
out on my twitch stream guys I've got
away my outro here but I've got a bunch
of people who want to say hello I need
to thank all these legends here for
subscribing to support in the stream I
need to thank Stephen for being on my on
my vlog and also on money on a for and
then a massive shout out to all these
people look at all these people in the
chat right now look at the ball the high
everyone always tries and reads their
own name so I'm gonna film them for a
little second just so they can all say
hello to themselves yeah and I saw her
erect penguin nipples yep that was
actually what you saw but yeah rather
than just sitting here editing my vlog
of my own I think on Sundays when I'm
actually at home not like in another
country or something I might sit and do
this because it's just nice and chill
like I was listening to music edit in
the vlog yeah it is
I'll er cuz people basically Etsy the
valley black early which is kind of like
a but at the same time if you're much
too extreme you support me nonetheless
Sykes tune in I love you all its riches
down below follow me on to a at pros
etiquette and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. where by the way tomorrow I
might be going to Vienna yeah not sure
how that's gonna go so what for I don't
actually fully know but we may be going
so bring on Europe which love an asari
us
