today's a day today's the day - well I
thought you'd be all excited but you're
not I'm not sure come on slow it was
always where's my excited promote why
she's here
well I just got any things I can't
tell you about it but oh my god happy
Alice well she's not reckon just gonna
clarify that straightaway no babies no
no no bit of history babies I was just
so happy Alice was coming out today
today what's good out today is going in
today's vlog yeah okay this is the brand
new coat of arms hit launch it's today
at 6 o'clock it was an exclusive watch
its omnia but it's a Lea no one even
know hell yeah
all right so near a sponger available
city commercial comm brand new t-shirt
going shop one more time I one more time
oh oh oh brand new shirt is now on sale
everyone's been like it's only been on
sale insomnia while stood on the event
but it is live now for your faces so if
you're what one link your description go
rap you kidding me it's an even nice day
in England today and all we started it
listening to some smooth jazz you're
just gonna have to give me 20 minutes
first though because a cold sore update
it looks like a something stuck to my
lip so I'm gonna put one of them patches
on and hope it helps it has been 2 days
of me using these patches to put on it
and like try and get rid of it and it
doesn't really seem to be doing much
yeah sorry I've got a bum lip for the
past next a few days by its own unique
words you know what I'm doing
everyone room room that was q fo x way
you can just see me in my boxer shorts
I need my motorbike key my triumph key
librum room but it was here but the
cat's stole it and ran off with it and I
don't know where it is if we enter into
the Thunderdome my abs and my triumph
seems to be
issues like abs is flushing hazard
lights are on
there's clearly a technical problem with
the bike because I haven't rolled it for
so long so I'm not exactly sure what to
do and just for the record like my
husband's out on like look they're not
on see they're not they're on Stephen
has been nourished I have guests in my
house
hello hat where's my hat what's it
without further ado Alice you could turn
around and have a look at your Easter
Egg you like it I know I'm mom turn
around drag yeah like listen
oh the price tag still on it yes sorry
yes
well honestly I was gonna get you one
lighten up mom but then I was like what
would you open scroll inside any salt
your house it's a salt in egg you're
probably smart can you point out my ABO
Ike for when I mounted my GoPro what fun
I'm wrong
don't hurt him wrong no mom trying to
put yeah trying open my visor clearly
didn't realize will she stop
easily
oh she still works I'm going out for
dinner now with Alice and my mum
so no more more like alright
yes so they're gonna go in the car
because they're going to the car that
means I can go on the bike Alice did
however just successful it what what I'm
just saying how you successfully just
didn't in my wall oh thanks man thanks
slippery shales Alice you're a really
good driver so good no best drive not
another seat him alive I got what you do
I always decided to take the busiest
route ever and it's currently taking us
about 15 minutes to get here so it's
like I could have been there in three
minutes myself from a motorbike with
exam without laces taken either one that
so the one perk of riding a motorbike to
filter through traffic like I ever do
that
welcome to road cross screen a kitchen
woman garden whoa you doing soap
helps me bike you crazy bitch Jesus
Christ Ellie's alright how is it oh it's
amazing it just sounds so good Hey look
and now I'm gonna take off my helmet
I've got enough to work on board it in
for laughs well I've rolled up and got a
latte my mom's ovens a sex on the high
beep hey I'm having a latte cuz I'm like
I need to be focused on the road on the
motorbike for when people open their
doors into me
yes I was a little ego pocket to spot
his father daughters going please no
another value wrong that goes voted to
the body spot next year used to open the
door in today yeah you open your door
into my wall and then to me I've got it
on camera where's my cheekbone
perfection yes oh yeah oh yeah I feel it
oh yeah I feel it I feel it going glam
oh yeah oh wow oh yeah go go for it
high lie that's going gasping you did
this compensate for my eye this does
this does this compensate for my herpes
you really are celebrating maybe moving
back to G cosine you gradually I posted
some you cocktail is pretty good
cheeseburger quite literally yeah we met
cheeseburger and a sausage roll which
I'm telling you right now it is
incredible look at of you seriously this
is just ridiculous
oh yeah we're gonna buy trinkets and
 I've always wanted trinkets and
 gift Emporium secret agent disguise
kit I say love is love is Olivia's
farmable
the time ago I don't know the rest of
the words but the beasts about to start
like I was saying I'd look to actually
properly bowl of blood but when I get up
to like 1 mile per hour the wind is just
so bored I'm a girl for that I need to
get like a microphone from the camera
put into my helmet mafia dies I
guarantee that just kind of been so much
 at but I never get it done so
maybe one day but now you just have to
deal with me driving around and doing 30
miles per hour sorry
okay get out
just another day another life we have to
fight even if you guys aim that's the
default that's the biggest problem I
already can hear me but if you can't
read
honey I'm here
I love it absolutely love it when I went
into this Slattery place where they do
all the chuckle I saw that cake and I
was like that has got cars name all over
it
you like it oh yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry
you guys lost like 301 last night but
you mean a winter night and for now
right I've already started the Edit of
this vlog you're watching right now up
until this point I've not only got one
video ready for upload I have three
videos ready for a load a custom zombie
video the wind with car and my pop G win
holy crap I am on point right now but I
need to stay on top of it cuz what if
Lucas instead I need to stay on top of
this hair more than anything but my
thing with YouTube is I'll but I'll get
like two three days ahead of myself with
videos and I'm like yeah bad I'm set and
then like I'll disappear and then I'll
have no videos so gotta stay on top of
it it is finally going sitting down it
this one's finally going down is what I
was trying to say which means I can now
reach close these curtains I'll keep
them open now I guess cuz it's Suns
going down and start my livestream so if
you're not in it for that livestream or
you're missing out or viola this kinda
sided to form into two bloody people but
you're potato head boy is finally mmm
finally received my stream deck now it's
upstairs and I should really be showing
you right now but I'm just gonna say
this I feel like I just have the worst
look with order and things online if I
order something on like a Tuesday Next
Day Delivery I don't get it that today I
ordered that stream deck two weeks ago
mate it's only just come I paid like an
extra $10 for it to be next day delivery
better know you get in a one star review
bitch I should probably clean this mess
up I actually started live-streaming on
time actually kind of surprised myself
but as usual a massive thank you to
these following people HMP thank you
very much raid on jarhead the gamer bomb
poganski
nice soup out with the eight months and
every tear up - thank you very much as
well as mark and imagine wagons thanks
subscribing guys always gonna give my
shout out so people who subscribe at the
start the stream legends oh then every
everyone else in the chest oh my god
oh I know I've got the best audience on
YouTube I'm sorry on twitch insane Alice
has been subscribed for for 49 months in
a row
do you know really when I was like I
should probably have the stream deck in
my hand
well Dada here's what I can't do it if
you don't know how this is it's
basically a way for me to switch scenes
when I'm streaming so all it actually
feels pretty good I thought it's gonna
feel dead tacky for some reason but it
feels really good but basically just
press all the buttons you can switch
between like I'm sure I have to like
take my mouse and then click one of
these functions each time whereas with
this I don't have to take my mouse off
my game play like I'm doing I could just
set this up here and then just press it
with my hand so it is like the lazy
man's like gadget but at the same time
for streaming it's amazing and
everyone's demanding I send nudes in the
vlog wait wait why I'm watching music of
the memes through the years which if
you've never heard about or heard of the
music of it you definitely should but
then it come over too much which chart
and just look at it it is an absolute
hype wall holy they're going crazy
I happen to find the file that has my
old intros and outros informer vlogs
sorry not from the bugs for my gaming
videos so what I've decided to do is on
my gaming channel or my custom zombies
just for throwbacks I've put them on
ladies and gentlemen
this sick here's 2012 intro you've ever
seen but then check the outro yo where's
the outro community give me give me give
me give me listen
it's such a dope outro as well it like
makes no sense but it was just like mayo
mayo mustard did this he was just like
you I've made you something epic and I
was like you are the man and you
know what that's still my Twitter and
that's the my Facebook so I'll use it
ladies and gentlemen
again before I in this vlog the brand
new t-shirt hold it so I can show the
back of it all this right now get yours
link get escuela
Oh what does a bride did you know that
The Syndicate condoms I mean said to get
rid your wristbands what we calling it
gay mouth great mall frame all you do oh
oh by the way I decided that I'm gonna
wear the limited-edition hat when's it
coming out Alice he'll say alright
should ha I'm gonna go wear that with
the limit edition t-shirts from now on
and then and then and then when I'm
wearing the white log on the floor
oh yay expandable sighs look at that
custom lies to shot-making mostly on the
inside oh look at that oh oh yeah you
know I look good snack salsa yeah three
logos everyone all right guys thank you
very much what should make sure you
leave a like rating subscribe yeah but
your cakes died oh my god let me out so
I'm as well thank you very much what you
make sure you like and subscribe
oh that's mine that's definitely my
voice back thank you very much what you
make sure you live like risk I'll see
you guys tomorrow 6:00 p.m. the next day
but don't forget I will be
live-streaming to night about 8:30 p.m.
will I be playing jaws with Cal oh my
god I'm probably gonna be playing fall
tonight all weekend report that comes
first who did where was my invite you
what did you want why would I not liked
it anyway do you guys do not maybe a lot
of shipping Trish the TV poster no
syndicates we saw TV folks I said he
good go and check it out I might be
streaming about 8 o'clock tonight you
want to find out just click links even
life that was terrified
