today's Brett first we're gonna be
starting off with some flaming chicken
tenders I accidentally left this oven on
like 200 degrees about not joking an
hour ago can I just surprised my house
hasn't burned down but we are indeed
starting today with a breakfast of
chicken tenders right because that's
what you do after you've gone in that
out drinking side but Olympics was
played a bedroom scape and I think I can
smell burning but I first of Champions
think that always goes on chicken
dippers mayonnaise oh you know what I
think I've got yeah I've got Chico
ladies and gentlemen paper salt let's
talk about something I'm talk about
something right here right now this
camera now you know how excited I was to
get this phone to get this camera 1080p
60fps front facing camera besting the
world but if you guys noticed I look
like a potato anyway but how bad some of
the quality of the clips are when low
lighting so I think right now you can
see me kinda HD I'm gonna try and back
up a little bit and see if now stuff and
start recording again in low light in
how pixelated I look because don't get
me wrong I know cameras till I pick up
good like you know good quality shots
you need good lighting on every other
camera film with at night you don't turn
into about four pixels and it seems that
when I'm recording with this the lack of
pixels in the actual shot that is
recording unbelievable
it's like I might as well be filming
with the natural potato in like 360 pink
when I'm in normal lighting you can see
me and everything looks great and cool
and awesome I think but when I get away
from any sort of medium ish kind of
lighting I feel like a look like a
square
I look like bloody Kanye West a little
pump so if anyone can help me out if
there's a setting that you know of on
the phone please let me know and I'll
change it immediately or if this is just
the way it is then we may have to change
phones when I switched to this front
camera it was always just so dark and
you couldn't see anything even though it
had a flash I'd usually film with this
camera go hey guys look at that so you
can see it better but now it's even
worse so I'm just struggle busting right
now like it was like 10 steps forward
for a poor but 20 steps back so all I
can do is rage and I'm inviting you now
to take part in a discussion in the
comments where's his left his care at my
house whilst he's on holiday for a few
days
what should we do to it he didn't leave
me with his key so even if I needed to
move it I couldn't do but we can we can
mix things up a little bit I'd love to
say as low as far as you know like crank
it up and take these wheels off or
something like that but we ain't gonna
go that far
so I think we may need to decorate his
car until that I say what with and how
because camera wears was the last person
to walk through that door in yesterday's
vlog and he was the last person to walk
through that door he shut the door and
then locked it from the inside and I now
can't get in and if he's saying Tom just
got around the front
I can I tried ringing Kyle I tried
ringing Alice they didn't answer luckily
they didn't it is like 10 past 11:00 at
night right now here's me breaking into
my own house until I realized ya had a
key the entire time but the problem with
this key is the moment I open the door
the alarms gonna go off so you ready
ready that's my entire neighborhood
woken up and because of me hmm
I had one goddamn job one goddamn job
and at 20 past 20 past 11:00 at night
I've just woke up my entire neighbors I
guarantee not joking I'm gonna get a
text of all my neighbors being like
Tommy is everything okay your alarms
going off okay now that that's done cup
of tea we can chill out
I'm just saying this right now I at this
mayonnaise today but never in my life
have a question whether or not
mayonnaise has gone off before then it'd
been floated in half I'm trying my
hardest I saw how this passport and it's
just not working so when in doubt zanza
crab it out
seriously I've had this thing on god
damn rupee is one of the catchy songs
ever and it was an April Fool's joke
from monastic athletes so god damn good
that might actually use his song as my
outro well I probably first-ever win on
PC playing fortnight and you know what
getting a bit better at it I actually
waited to leave today's vlog up for
minute 20 seconds long because it's 4/20
it's like david dobrik status but
unfortunately I had to do an outro and I
had to let you guys know what's going on
so it's kind of bitter spoiler for
tomorrow's vlog before and yeah I have a
but of news I'm not even gonna try and
drag it out be like find out what
happens tomorrow because you finding out
what happens today I indeed waited till
Monday 9 a.m. because I couldn't do
anything applying online was not helping
out in the slightest it just wasn't so
Monday 9 a.m. I woke up after like two
hours sleep I was up to like 7:00 a.m.
and some other two hours sleep got up
and I rang the passport office and I was
like I needed a passport I'm flying out
tomorrow at 11:30 in the afternoon
anyway I told him I was flying out to
Los Angeles and I need something like
help immediately can I get a new
passport because here this out if you
have a passport right and it runs out
say this this is your passport it runs
out you can go to Liverpool or to one of
these locations like one why pick sign
of an embassy things go to them and be
like it's expired I'm flying out
tomorrow if there's a meat available
that day they will give you a brand new
passport they don't change the passport
you had they don't do anything they just
give you boom a new passport because my
passport was damaged lost or stolen in
that category not need renewing in that
category
it doesn't fall under the ability to
renew it within the same day on a
24-hour period it takes one week so I
wish my passport would have expired I
could have gone to Liverpool today got
my new passport and be like yeah and
find out to America tomorrow but instead
because it's damaged I need to replace
it it takes up to seven days so I am
indeed give you its Liverpool tomorrow
to have a meeting with them to explain
what happened and to show them the
damage and then I'll be on to travel
again so unfortunately I will not indeed
be flying to Los Angeles tomorrow for an
adventure to tell you what it was I will
spoil it I was indeed going
out to see Treyarch and i was supposed
to be like hanging out with all the
colleges Amba guys we're gonna play the
game early all this sort of stuff and by
the way let me show you some but real
quick
well what whoa I spoke to Ken about half
past three half now before he left work
for the day and I've told him the
internet wasn't working and he did some
wizardry and lo and behold ten managed
to get the five hundred down four and it
up which is totally not right it's
definitely supposed to be five hundred
five hundred but whatever even managed
to get the internet working in the house
so don't get me wrong I'm pretty sure is
because we were waiting for virgin to
return it on and it takes up to 24 hours
but I think that's 24 hour working
business days so we've got the internet
back working on so how that then like
comes over without the plate like all go
into track playing zombies early it
would be nice to go and do that and I've
gone to the studios and done it early
but when you do it early you don't have
that live reaction you know of doing it
on Twitch or on stream or some either
and you know when everyone's reactions
being the same because that's what I
love to do that's like my favorite thing
because if you've recorded it earlier
then it's like jumping into it being
like a oh I already know where this is
or it's nothing new it's no confession
you don't quite capture that light that
reaction yeah we could record it at
triac or it just won't have been the
same you know I couldn't have just been
me switched off without caring about the
people like oh my shoulders around me
you know I'd have to be like you know
wary of what's going on and watching my
language so where is the balance
inactive I'm not going to try AK it
would be nice silver zombie guys but
more importantly I would have had the
opportunity to sit down with the guys
who made ecology zombies talk to them
about it and got an interview with them
which would have been an amazing like
video to do I probably would have done
like some sort of vogue you know like
100 quickfire questions to zombie guys
and post it on the channel which could
be really really cool you know I take
his submissions a few guys have Twitter
and stuff and post it on the game and
Channel boy
hey where is the trip to Los Angeles has
indeed fallen through it I was looking
forward to seeing that you can see
everyone like that I wasn't gonna be out
there for like two three days or
something and unfortunately it's them
all falling apart so if I can get my
passport and get out to LA before black
ops actually comes out black up safar
comes out then maybe I could be like
trap please can I still have a meeting
with the the guys who made zombies but I
probably like no because the games about
a large boy if I could somehow still
sneak out there then I would
but as of right now I can but as much as
this one step backwards it's one step
forwards because we got the Internet
side out so great success know what
right if I wasn't going down to
Manchester I've been some sushi tonight
and by the way I'm absolutely craving
sushi like crazy I've been watching that
you know that BuzzFeed's worth it where
it's like $1 sushi versus $1,000 sushi
and it just made me so hungry last night
it was like 4 o'clock in Marlon and I
was just watching my episode after
episode after episode of it it's the
first of the month and I could actually
start my like daily livestream because
in October 12th that's when college
Asami's comes out and I'm hoping to be
doing a daily daily livestream but with
that daily livestream that I want to I
you know introduce I was hoping to start
from the start this month so maybe if I
get back not too late from Manchester I
can start doing my daily livestream for
the entirety of this month that said
until I go to resonate Scotland and then
at the end of the month potentially
maybe still be going to Abu Dhabi so
yeah you can tell that I really promise
without properly didn't yeah yeah I
tried I really did but I'm just falling
apart that seems right now so if I'm
stripping tonight you'll see me soon but
if not tomorrow you are gonna see me
being a bit of a connoisseur with some
Suchet so let's see how that goes no
food poisoning police so much love to
your faces I'm gonna go now I'm really
sorry I despised you guys with the whole
lie I'm going off to America thing I
didn't want to say what it was in case
it didn't happen but it's truly not
happening now so I'm sorry - Adam Elvis
staff and it only was involved in
organizing that I'm sorry I let you down
we just don't give it I'm really sorry I
let you all down but tomorrow's vlog
will be on an adventure to go - oh no
not the dancer that will be an adventure
to go to Liverpool to go and have this
meeting and if you can somehow give it
me sooner than a week and I can still
get out to LA to go to this this event
that's been organised then we'll still
try and do it but I don't think we're
gonna be able to so just fingers crossed
we'll see it we'll hope I don't see you
guys then so much left your faces and as
of tomorrow
Byron's gonna be back so great success
well it's currently 6:17 right now the
vlog was late but when Byron's back the
vlog will be on time so Byron I love you
you've returned never leave again oh
yeah I'm sorry
