oh how to start your day Byron did have
a job yesterday not cuz it's his own
father anything like that
um I mean that's broke see that symbol
right there
well main it let my housebroken really
enjoying my virgin media business
customer service oh that's a nice ass
son and that's a nice house character
but you know what's nicer than that
perfect weather and riding my bike so
let's get rock'n'roll ah baby my beauty
how you doing
joined by mum high five love your face
got out on the bike today
look how deflate it is so I'm gonna get
to the gutter I gonna put some air in it
we think it takes maybe 33 but for
safety we're gonna put in 28 because
we're not too sure and hopefully it
doesn't explode haven't even got
yesterday's vlog edited because I don't
currently have internet in my house they
turned the services off I just thought
it was my system broken they realized
the fault we've solved it but the
problem is it takes 24 hours to turn
back on so then if I know oh my gosh you
see that horse in the distance like
fuckin it's Taylor run like crazy I'm
gonna get him a haircut now I suppose
get the haircut a half past five Scott
the bobbin is so incredibly busy so
shout out to the good ol boys really
appreciate you getting me in Scott and
then I'm going to a wedding after pie so
let's just hope it comes out here we go
good ol boys thank you both together
taste it oh yeah I've only got one
sideburn anyway so don't even bother
check this out I had to get the cable
from the wall plug it into the back of
my computer and it goes all the way
downstairs to the basement I need to go
the sunset looked absolutely beautiful
right now but I'm trying mullet just
like a motherfucker I have to go from
here
dancing grapes other beer of the lads
there I think gotta get a taxi to Ashton
to go on wish someone a happy 18th
birthday and after the happy 18th
birthday I'm going to a wedding thing so
the reason why I might have naked ly
open here right now by the way is
because I don't really get swept my
hacks and running up and down the stairs
I just don't open that fresh air book
because I do not want to be walking
around sweat pets all day so I'm hoping
this is gonna take care of yourself cuz
I need to go this day would have gone
perfectly well overnight last night
Byron was like yeah man I can edit the
vod's even though I've got this model
interview I can still edit your vlog
just make sure you get it to me
overnight
yeah be fine even though I mean it that
was down I was like a 4G to him
overnight my phone ran out of 4G data
and I couldn't send him the rest of the
clips it's just all panned out to be
just an absolute chaotic fail of a day
but well we can get stressful this aside
can we just shout out Scott even more
first of all one I know you want to
vlogs now man you're an absolute legend
thanks for but COO shout out Scott
because I missed the appointment and he
still managed to squeeze me in so
massive charity that buddy more
importantly thank you for the very nice
trim not swollen anymore but then turn
it bruised hey okay oh I'm gonna steal
your recipe go on
besides that steak oh yeah I want to say
I've made it to my destination but I
could be wrong
don't think I'm in the right place
there's a canal where's the front door
to this building how do I get into this
building
I'm tired of side of a canal I'm in the
wrong place
I got myself somebody move it oh my god
I completely forgot that this party with
her a Chinese restaurant carriage
they've got salt and pepper chips salt
and pepper chip no they've got a goddamn
Chinese buffet on I heard the song and I
realize that we need to do a shot this
is
she's doing a birthday speech but
mourning for me
so until you know the phone numbers can
take it not John I almost started with
Darren no seriously look at the same
person for behind I don't even know what
cheering happy birthday to you happy
birthday to quick yeah
and so twelve ounces I mean seven to be
down below they delay thank you heyis
absolutely pisses apart I've signed a
book I need to go I've hopped out the
uber and can only assume I'm in the
right place bingo right away
oh look how good she looks okay look at
that world god damn god I would say you
look around but then I wish you get a 1
out of 10 but God on me oh yes yes yes
yes 10 out of 10 would smash you make
you look goddamn flesh such a beautiful
picture I'm gonna have to write it
life's too short make the most of it
just amazing
good decisions are being made right now
very very good decisions
you didn't Alex coming but I also got
your 20 shots the other green line I'm
the red line I appreciate your style
she's like we run out of that but oh my
gosh this was the best decision ever
look at everyone
bunch of alcoholics I agree
Byron if you can edit this right put a
picture of it
oily here and then Alice here are you
ready Alex doily you're like that's
curtains when we used to live back out
it's close thus the night came to a
close but but we all right taxis here
man like car walks through the corridor
looking fresh as a mother trucker look
at him go he's so fresh come come come
come come now why am i questioning if
it's the police because there's a van
right there oh dear
well people threaten to stop people and
shoot up the local pub let's not be
doing that what I buy a party a working
and then after beer fire of which the
police almost clothes it down no contact
it's really really rude but it's
hilarious if you like funny videos on
Twitter we'll share it out no no she's
cold
get your jacket off I didn't hear it I
didn't see it this prep phones
apparently bad in this oh I'm so glad I
got that on camera
I've been sick - good night tonight I
had the most stressful day on my
internet but it's panned out so good I
got to see everyone had such a good
night
really drunken and fun so you guys go
home don't you move out this is no it's
gonna be forever now you live around the
corner I get to go out get pissed and
just say a little bit it's hotter bye
bye now also teasing you know that I
can't tell you about what happened with
the West situation but it went down
right about there and certain someone's
head hit that curb all I wanna do right
now myself a rib eye with this yeah
these are out a day and have mold
growing on them so and Carl thanks for
leaving at my house but again don't
quite need them also I'd like to say
that this bread is completely out of
date because there's more growing on it
thank you one thing date eggs
aka how many left three I can make it on
what you know what I did exactly just
that so I made it on what went to bed
and that was that so um today's vlog
hopefully you saw this at 6 p.m. on time
because I'm still doing the whole
computer and then cable leads all the
way downstairs into my basement taking
like and I will post against upload the
videos you know so no more face seconds
running out but yeah I did it as wellnot
by room for the past two days I'm really
sorry about that even when I did the
fire and add the doily thing the I just
added it in so we're gonna we're gonna
just say this right now Baron if for
some reason you watch this I miss you
going back to doing editing when I'm not
doing it really sucks I just want you
back in my life
I'm really sorry mate please return
Susan got me in a net fixed and as soon
as you turn it on hopefully we'll be
rocking and rolling but as of right now
it still no one in there so guys me
unlike writing he calls one prayer all
six men in that cuz I can't even live
stream I can do anything and that's just
not good scenario also if I just check
the date right now I may be going to LA
on the second yeah which is Tuesday but
I don't have a passport do I so I'm
going to try and go and get an emergency
passport tomorrow don't know how that's
gonna pan out well Monday I'm never
going to get it on Monday so we're gonna
see how that pans out probably won't end
up going to LA and I'll just ruin all my
plans because I got it where at that
time so sorry about that it's gonna have
a really bad knock-on effects I'm gonna
go make you leave like rate subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. the
next over each other besides
