nothing likes that you undermined by to
be woken up by a Hotpoint assistant okay
let me try that one again not so much an
assistant more of a Hotpoint engineer I
do believe my dryer has broken and this
guy is here to fix it so hello the
Hotpoint engineer come on in
oh my god right so when we were in
Whitby and I was filming my dad reversed
out that like tight gap he said to me
that you know in the moment of light try
to look behind you but you won't like
that so look out the window and smoke
the glass and I was like whatever you
are just oh I just finished filming a
clip for yesterday's vlog saying I hope
my delivery comes no joke like 30
seconds after just finishing recording
that clip delivery vans don't know of a
moment of truth thank you very much
appreciate your face no joke 30 seconds
ago I just finished filming the click
for yesterday's vlog being like yeah so
you know thanks watching goodbye and all
that and talking about how I'm sat
around all day today not leaving my
house until this package comes it's come
it does say this has been sent from
secret technology Watling Street what
chips Park Hinckley doesn't exactly make
me think of Apple because he doesn't say
like America this might be their UK
shipping department or something but it
doesn't say on it anywhere like Apple
but without further ado let me get a
knife got a knife we are going to unbox
this box without any idea what is
actually in it sorry that was kind of
like a burp at the same time there's
probably more of an efficient way to
open this box but I believe Oh worried
we in it you ready listen to that noise
oh that's alright ladies and gentlemen
Oh Mike what are we packaging the entire
amount of packaging just unfolded when I
open that there but ladies
gentlemen their brand-new iPhone does it
say which I thought it is I think so I
could tell you in it it's the brand new
iPhone X s now let me check does it say
on the Box 256 gig iPhone XS space great
now can I just say this right now I have
a bit bummed out because you guys know I
just smashed this iPhone that I'm
recording on all I feel like a week ago
some more of that or when I smashed the
iPhone screen it cost me 75 quid to
repair and I was like yeah you're not
good do it cuz if enough no new iPhones
or anything like that yeah yeah fix the
screen and I think it was maybe 48 hours
after doing that then then announced the
new iPhone so it announced what the
iPhone was going to be but they
announced that there was going to be an
announcement for the iPhone so yeah that
was a bit of a bummer so I did it was
spinning 75 quid to get my iPhone screen
fixed but nonetheless okay but waits to
do door so I'm currently doing this
unboxing with no pants on but I'm gonna
put this Lane in the bathroom because it
makes me look like you're professional
and boxer I'm gonna put them in there
look at our iPhone XS why did I go for
the XS because the the Mac's one is like
so this is the size the maxims this big
way I actually think we do have a map we
do believe ladies and gentlemen we do
indeed have the iPhone xmax here in our
hands so this right here right now you
see this one that is indeed the brand
new iPhone XS quite a reasonable size
right but then introducing the ad phone
X s max boom yeah that's an iPad but
it's not much more than that I'm just
saying that right now fold this line is
not doing too well as a prop to hold up
my things and also I wasn't lying I am
naked so mmm yeah just so you know that
was some unboxing this okay stage so
yeah the reason why I think go for the
max is just cuz it's so big and like
phone cases and all that it makes it
even bulky and I'm like no thanks I just
want a phone that fit my pocket
attention copy wrong and say this I
think it's the exact same size is the X
that I'm recording on now but there is
only one reason I got this phone and you
know he is quite a big reason you've got
it's got like the new 8
processor chip you could say it's the
brand-new space invaders Jim zip but
happy bow I don't know what I'm talking
about you can basically throw a load of
words and tech numbers at me and stuff
like that and it still wouldn't bother
me I don't care about the new chip in it
or anything like even though it makes it
run faster and apparently it's like if
not the fastest running smartphone out
there right now like because of the chip
inside it so that that's a cool story
bro but the only reason I got this phone
is because of this camera right here and
with this camera recorded right now I'm
recording in 720p using the front-facing
camera and yes I'm aware and we're not
starting a thumb war here I use iPhone
for FaceTime and all that sort of stuff
and family it's just what I do but the
reason why I'm switching from this
camera to this phone is because this is
720p and this front one now has
officially changed to not only 1080p but
60fps which is exactly what I wanted by
the way did you I can't say in this
approach so I could probably remove this
slight dining player I've got here so
let's just move that put a right line in
the background looking good move away -
xmax thank you very much
boom look at that we got we got that I
should do myself
look I'm unbox therapy I'm coming for
you job bro actually I would absolutely
love to have a true tech channel like
I'm I'm joking I'd love to do that I
actually love to do it on the vlog where
you like days where I've got like
nothing going on and I'm like not doing
anything
vlog my full adventures but then in the
meantime I unbox and review things
that's what that's like my dream no Joe
no Joe and if it's your dream you should
do it but it's not really that much a
dream it's it's a fun it's a fun hobby
but anyway paperwork this is our great
now mkbhd said he got black stickers in
his book I got lied to I think no black
stickers I don't know how he got that I
think you got it from D brother some of
that but anyway you get the stickers
that you know we get you get these
leaflets what Oh I've actually never in
the life of me read this I always just
unbox the phone any piece of tech I get
I usually go straight for the unboxing
and never read the manual which is
pretty stupid book press wants to sleep
our weight press and hold to turn on
iPhone Siri and press twice for up and
pay okay that says you have to do
the built-in rape alarm which is
basically in it you know if you if you
spam the outside but unlike on the edge
of it like ten times or someone over it
can set off an SOS the button which
rings the police which is pretty cool
yeah we know all the information and
here it is prepare yourselves guys
you've never seen anything like it
Wow look at that it's almost like you're
looking look you can see the reflection
of the camera I'm using it's almost like
you're looking in the mirror but are you
ready for some peel pong and if you
don't know what peel porn is yes this
actually works well if you don't know if
your pond is it's basically where you
peel the pipe of sticker off a new
product you ready you ain't listen
listen oh oh we've got a dual layer
alright let's keep her going you ready
we'll peel apart really Shh oh yeah oh
like a virgin first things first this is
easily the coldest iPhone I've ever felt
and I know this sounds odd but wait is
this the same size phone it's exact same
size for right it's the exact same
dimensions as the iPhone X oh sorry let
me stop moving the camera and put you
down boom so included in the rest of the
box is the typical little iPhone
charging thing it's actually a really
good portable USB thing that you can
take everywhere and by portable I mean
it's just really small plug socket with
the USB in it boom you always get one of
them great you've then got your
headphones with the Lightning port like
adapter plug socket thing on it so
basically it looks like that rather than
a headphone jack because as you notice
there's no headphone jack and also shout
out to the guy that you know sorry but
that got interrupted my alarm - wait can
you put two o'clock in the afternoon
just went off but anyway there's a
youtuber who proved like often some like
Chinese or Japanese markets that by
collecting all the paths from other
phones he managed to build in to an
iPhone X an actual headphone slot and
got it to work so Apple were able to do
it but because they were like hell no
Wireless is the way to go and he'll know
you buy our dongle they just did put it
in so they couldn't do it but they
didn't do it so you get the headphones
you get the plug you also get the
lightning bolt cable so so that's great
and then you got the box I'm gonna slide
the box over here put that in front of
it and black wow look at this comes a
little professional box it'll come but
cut pro this
well this video is gonna be me unboxing
this but then the thing is what I'm
going to do is I'm going to switch to
this camera for the rest of the vlog for
the rest of the day shouldn't take me
too long to back every Sun to it because
I've got my super fast internet 500 up
500 down that said you'll get a true
experience of what a full day of daily
vlogging is with this iPhone excess in
tomorrow's vlog because you'll be using
it from the moment I wake up so there
should be no 720p 30fps footage in it
whatsoever it should all be 1080p 60 I
am aware you can get a 4k camera on the
front well on the back of it that films
in 60fps but then that's the problem I
have here I would love to film in 4k
60fps book you see this front facing
camera and told these are the same I'm
gonna continue to film 1080p cuz yeah to
be fair not everyone has a 4k screen so
they don't even know it anyway so if I
hold and turn it on immediately will it
power up will it oh that's always at SV
products that I like to do you know when
you get like a phone battery pack of
somebody you buy and it's fully charged
it's like boom innit I like that can
charge my phone but this was that call
that I did not think it was gonna charge
how much battery you reckon it comes
with how much actual battery do you
think this comes with taking it sweet
time it's probably cuz it's frozen hey
like I said I think I've got from
the UK oh hello hello there swipe up to
open hmm English United Kingdom
selecting language and we'll skip this
part now oh and if I'm gonna skip this
part right now this will be the last
clip you'll see of me recording in 720p
from this one so let's hope it goes from
jolty and disgusting to a nice smooth
60fps produce pierce from now on so take
good bye iPhone X and say hello to
iPhone X s yeah come on I spend this
much money to upgrade to this thing but
hey man when you use it every day like
as a job let's just hope it's worth it
oh my god first clip with the new iPhone
first of all it's way more zoomed in
than it was normally so like when I hold
my phone close my face is well
suited but it is taping I think 60 FPS
that is amazing
okay that looks so much better that
looks so much better woah wave carrying
60 FPS gonna wave move
movement yeah oh my gosh
oh I've been waiting for Apple to
upgrade this camera to 60fps but longest
time now the vlogs will finally stop
looking like a rocky boat simulator oh
it's so smooth but camera this is still
1080p 60fps I believe it actually not
this might not even be saying 60fps let
me let me check then even I got a brand
new phone it makes you look better but
this camera won't make a noticeable
difference so Steven it's telling if
they 60fps oh my God look how much of a
good color Steve look oh my god you were
healthy bearded dragon hug I'm sorry I
can't get over how good this camera is
like seriously oh I don't actually have
but it's gonna be and you guys will know
it's how if you compare the clips
earlier today of like this is my arm
fully extended and I usually hold my
phone about here but usually when I used
to hold my old phone here it was like it
was like this but now with this new
phone it's like I'm holding it like this
so I'm sorry you have to get used to a
closer zoomed in tombak my dad had a
repairman come round today for this the
dryer and which all should be good
bought the dryer it's broken and it's
overheat in that bag to the point where
I think you could cook an egg on that
it's that hot if my house burns down let
it be known it was the that he fixed and
broke so mmm might be the end of my
house just saying also today I'm still
not wearing pants I think I've got some
in here like this is where I slept last
night by the way
I know I've got that my superfast
internet and all that sort of stuff but
the TV in my room that internet Wi-Fi
just doesn't seem to work for it in the
slightest and I'm like well this is just
annoying so what I decided to do is
because I've got two spare bedrooms I
got one of my spare quilts put my quilt
down here and then I just watch Netflix
on this TV because I can't watch it in
my room and I don't want to sit there
watch it on the phone alone you know I
drop in the pony head so this is like my
bedroom look you can literally see the
indent of where I laid on that couch I
tell you something because comfy I can't
believe it this phone right now is my
dream 1080p front-facing camera I know
you've got YouTube's like KC and all
them use like the DSLR book walking
around the DSLR me where is it where is
it there it is
if you walk around the DSLR you lot like
this
hey guys thanks Julie today's walk okay
okay and everyone freaked step count the
right what do you do and this is crazy
that makes no sense
and everyone thinks you actually insane
and done the wrong when you're filming
with the phone as well people think that
but oh my god it's so nice to have a
small compact camera and even when you
using like one of them cameras like you
know the flip out camera like the screen
on it people still freaked out because
the like why is he got a camera in
public pays are you like you know I want
a fire or someone everyone why I got a
camera like this is weird it's so nice
to just be able to pull your phone out
the pocket and use that because it
everyone's just like oh we're about
finally after all this time of me saying
all on one a 720p
to be gone from the front facing camera
a 1080p 60fps to be brought in and you
know what it was and oh oh yeah oh yeah
I'm actually really happy yeah you
already start freaking out again
Iran calms like carrots topped with
something and cowards like now Karen
Jamie Alice she's coming back from
holiday analysis come back from holiday
and I can't eat some like fire takes
everyone else they're not eating who's
the one person who I can rely on to go
and get food any time of the day
whenever however whenever wherever
alright look at look look how crisp it
is that's what I was thinking cuz I look
like a potato but it makes me look like
a blurry but now I'm like HD potato
which oh my god it looks so good not me
HD sorry what yeah we're definitely lost
opposite do see you again I saw
yesterday again
come on can I get the food first I'm
going out I'm going out with people
y'all take it along yes yes yes yeah at
least get the food and then get kicked
out
please wait welcome to my destination of
food which is going to be called Akbar's
Sakura house in Manchester where we're
going to eat some food I have to say
this right now I'm not a huge fan of
Carey but oh my god
am ia fan of lamb chops I'll take one of
everything that doesn't include cilantro
good decisions were made no I cheered
and said to help them to happiness all
their spicy that's where the lamb chops
are amazing ever oh yes oh now got me it
didn't side of this trying liver in my
teeth it's in my teeth that's disgusting
I don't know if cream is the word to
describe it but mushy really my food
just like that
Akbar's gorgeous I'm gonna give it it
was pretty spicy I'm telling them are
very spicy I'd give it a 7 out of 10
because it's by 6 and look how good
Beecham Towers looks whoa that's kind of
a weird is it beat them
Oh be some cows he's looking pretty damn
sexy in the salon right now found out he
went to the Marvel Studios and saw the I
am answer early from the film
I didn't get to see this you know which
one you know which one's the from that
one from there's no US portrait I
thought you know I'm not gonna say yes
or no just because I'm so sick pretty
sick oh don't you just wish he was real
yes that doesn't even look real
Wow turns out that was a real boon it's
like a stupid moon last night I put it
on Twitter like does anyone work outside
every now and again and go wow what the
hell is going on are we about to die
turns out I was a super moon so they
guilt that was the daily bug I basically
got new iPhone went up food and that was
that and everyone is gonna be freaking
out like oh my god you see in live here
all the time know what's going on here
but dating we're not back together
anything like that we just seen each
other in the sense of like and what I've
got free time the only person who's also
board and got free time as of mmm kind
of not yesterday even though it was with
yesterday was Lydia because she actually
quit job as a teacher I told you she was
doing part time so she had all this
three times but cage what gonna do this
head you all go do that that's mother I
go to the cinemas it was just really
convenient cuz I'm over friends were at
work or whatever but like I said she has
gone part-time so she's back at work now
getting for like 7 a.m. and being at
work like 6 p.m. so unfortunately when
I'm like oh go and get food they don't
want to come now Lydia's give me off
that list have been available all the
time because she's got a job like most
people have jobs and there's me just
doing this like I tried to get Cal to
come out with us yesterday and he was
like four note for once I can't come
around and play for tonight
I've actually got a job so yep just
another day of being a youtuber in
Manchester where no other youtubers live
around yet so everyone has normal jobs
so I'm gonna continue playing runescape
this morning as you can clearly tell in
the background right there and well
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like right and so far
I'm enjoying the new phone bit freaked
out with how the zoom did it is just cuz
I'm simply not used to that
like I'm legitimately I have to stretch
my arm like fully to get like everything
I want to show you in the shop from a
front-facing camera let me show you how
weird that books so just by filling with
this one
this is how usually I'd have to hold it
far away with the front facing camera to
be like okay like you can see me but now
I have to hold it all the way up there
now what
which camera I have to hold it all the
way out here which if you look in the
mirror look how crazy that is it look
like I just got that man I'm fixating
with like a pole going up it so I have
to walk around with the longest stiffest
arm ever but I'm trying to like keep it
like here which again you can only just
see like the top of my head I might like
bottom my chin so I used to be able to
hold it here you can see like everything
at this distance would not have to do
this just looks a bit weird to be honest
so it is what it is we'll get used to it
I'm sure it's one of those that's why I
try and get you know them camera lenses
for the iPhone which makes it like a
wider angle or summit so I could put one
on the throne one on the back and then I
could hold it like this close but you
could see everything like a big nice
wide angle but unfortunately it is where
this so we'll get used to it we'll see
how an entire vlog tomorrow with it is
I'm hoping for the best it should be no
problem I can't see why it would be but
a new iPhone 1080p 60fps that's what I
love that's what I like to smash that
like button subscribe but I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next ogloc
until then i sadi us
