it's a new dawn it's actually a new day
it might not look like it but it's four
o'clock in the morning and we are
currently mm-hmm it's four o'clock in
the morning and mark is currently making
our bed for the night looks very cozy
yeah please don't look I have to kind of
like upload more vlogs to Byron to edit
this together on my hope so hopefully I
can get that done if I don't then bubs
you Uncle funny's you're up there's no
board oh yeah also if it does well
that's amazing bearing your Legend and I
hope it worked I think those and then
also that said I will see you guys in
proximately five hours when the next
train drives past his track and wakes us
up I know we have a dual charger kit use
it as a torch we know we were doing this
with a few days so we did know actually
in advance that we could have
legitimately just booked a hotel uh
Simon but there's nothing better than
experience all right guys we'll see you
in the morning oh my god
9:00 a.m. steam train morning back good
night sleep good night goddamn sleep
just not enough of it we came in went to
bed at like 3 o'clock ish it's now a
nine o'clock fish show Oh kind of the
Train literally I like trains TV welcome
to my ride got the front
alright successful night's sleep was
successful might not look like it but
did actually change my clothes got fully
naked here and I'm absolutely rocking
and rolling but even though we have this
camper van right here one rule of
campervans is you don't take appear in
the cab advance I'm going to title it as
breakfast looking making
coming on nicely yeah to be fair but my
dad was bringing us cups of like tea and
coffee in the back of that BMW which was
awesome but I'm good not quite sure
where this guy's going because it's a
dead end
yeah that didn't last too long anyway
right so I'm gonna choose the bathroom
but that was actually a pretty good
night's sleep we did get it at like 4
a.m. and we woke up at like 9 o'clock
cuz that train woke us up ah just
another day in the life of Tom where we
summed it out at the back of a car and
now we are currently in Whitby harbour
you can see the ocean has gone down here
my brother's alright the ocean will
trust me it is cuz that's the sea over
there
I like last night got in at like 4:00
a.m. woke up by a train like that but I
tell you what you can't knock it got
walking up to me dad bringing me a cuppa
cuppa tea sugar please make you as a
bacon boy perfect
not bad Ken nobody late as a bacon boy
we just had a bacon bully book come on
and ice cream parlour I'm so down
semester this with these booming well
speech last night
absolutely rubber wand it's freaking
hell everyone's come to town ken was the
blood it looks a beach looking for beach
going muscles looking for fossils so
this goes yeah I wasn't expecting to see
this in wimpy yeah I've got a feeling
they're not local yeah just say now
right now oh yeah Barry Oh Barry
please I'm serious I don't think he's
planning cuz I'm sure that's like a
soundtrack from Kill Bill
oh wow oh my yeah I know right
oh my lord I tell you my I have to go
away I'm sorry through the Victorian
streets of white B be a lot of tourists
and I'm like absolutely not be a racist
or anything like that that we've seen
Americans by the sounds with Chinese yep
I like I might um probably not like
cultural stuff of them and ads like good
pop up the famous a hundred and
ninety-nine steps why would you not just
do one more you're mean it says there's
a sign that says 199 and it goes all the
way up like held them to have gone away
looking for fossils look at this a
hundred percent no joke we're actually
looking for fossils because apparently
there's loads in this like cliff edge
you can just like see them on the side I
like dig them out a submit for I don't
really come equipped shoe wise lots of
water
breathable shoes we can do this welcome
we are currently fighting all the time
as it's coming in and it will broke on
exit we could say we could climb out but
that's a pretty big steep hill I'm going
to go and get closer to mark and dad a
drink my own piss this is how to mount
it there is no grip on these shoes in
the slightest so I don't put the phone
away that well looks like a fossil hold
on it yeah this looks very dangerous
wait we agree this is dangerous hmm hmm
let's at least find one fossil and then
go hunt it whoa sprinkle it Wow millions
and millions I've seen movies where you
take the smallest one from the bottom in
the off also that's not do this but I
it's actually hella size and oh my god
that's so satisfying this is somewhat
ASMR physical though
well we found as you found
whoa a few found found a tool this is
mellow look how it just peels away whoa
whoa yeah no this is Google fossils
yeah no no and you'll see a fossil that
is a fossil mate and it'll tell you
really yeah this is not like a tooth
almost that's Whitby jet no I like on
the fossil hunt they too have found
something I haven't yet found anything
so let's give me a minute
oh beef fine cynic original huh just a
disclaimer does not keep you safe from
rock falls but in this case it does
fossil hunting buyers look at that we
actually found some that whoa oh my god
that scared the hell out of me I hope
it's all gonna stack crumbling that
looks like a rock no I believe I believe
I'm not questioning you I'm just saying
that looks like a rock and that actually
looks like something just pulled this
out the wall what is it why is it
circular somebody explain right now it
seems like the tide is coming in I don't
know why my accents got a bit Australian
HD dad and oh the tide has indeed come
in we can see a native drawing emojis on
the beach it looks like they're asking
for help
via a smiley face but the beach is
disappearing the sea is coming closer
and our escape habit it's getting
smaller
I'm Bear Tom this is beach survival just
saying that's pretty cool look at the
rock formation all the little lines of
how the gears are just brought
we just put under this huge front even
rock protruding from magma deep below
the surface but no joke I've been diggin
it taking a look a fossil I'm actually
found a fossil whoa it's tiny
look I actually found a fossil no way
these I think these are shells the
shells that have been crushed into the
side of the surface all this time but
that's actually a fossil oh did you find
one all right no yeah so you've got that
but you haven't got the part on it you
know I mean this might come off to what
actually it works face like they do in
the movies oh I got it
whoa you're by far the fossil get on my
level whoa whoa so sweet right careful
nice I'm an official fossil five stone
it's got the right idea if you could
definitely tell he's growing up with a
you to be finished by it yes we could
escape the tide and I'd crawl out oh we
could get trapped to then get rescued by
a helicopter trapped on the beach ah but
that would be wasting their time and
we're not going to do that so let's go
beat them I still yeah dad mark hello
there they're trying to work out a way
to get past the water I was like how
about don't go there how about go all
the way around that's what I did so yeah
don't learn from me one day yeah yeah go
yes sausages that's a success I myself a
fossil don't mind if I do
them two is still alive oh good and let
me just say this right now you know talk
about like having anxiety this iPhone is
the slippiest thing to hold in the world
all I could think about was dropping my
phone down between the rocks to imagine
dropping your phone
you won't ever get in that back if you
were to do it how to been so proud
here's a brother 12 month ago where we
win but haven't you read you'll feel
awful like this I never sweat quick jump
in it we didn't need to repaint it god
dammit if it was actually nice weather
like sunny sunny well if I can see as
far as it's going down I think you can
all right listen pop Yoko pleasure
broken like easy perfect beat you to the
top boy year well very old and very cool
ah history is pretty cool even if you're
not religious he's very very cool whoa
train going down it's like a model
railway set this is beautiful harshly
here as well
gorgeous I walk through a graveyard
we've made it to our destination to
check this out last time we came it was
just that tiny shop now it's an entire
all Concorde I don't think that's called
a Concorde or whatever bought it yeah
it's expanded this is this is mega cool
that's a buddy to lead you to pulse and
they pose and it shows you the route of
where to go to get to the next bar I'm
in to a new dawn to a new day to enter
into round 12 Andy Joshua if I it's
going on tonight so go try find a pub
and watch yourself into tune was it I
would make our way down into town see
what squadron tell then try and get some
crawfish group movies watch the fight
we're just a chick chick chick chick
chick and look it's great can we hear
them windpipe people from here you
kidding me I'm trying to look at the
train coming in and all Canaries those
those pipe players playing some bloody
kill bills theme tune down there please
that one really and you're paying for it
didn't take hard yeah Joel is okay boo
me was a pirate that and then we look in
this shop in Nazi memorabilia ever had
after all the shops we've seen so far I
wasn't expecting to find a hipster store
with beard oil Ken's warming up by the
fire but then in the back so cool out of
this cupboard what did I use to collect
what did I used to collect ken bond
James Bond car key cars don't have it
don't have it
collection starts great but I've
definitely got this one here in the
middle because that was my favorite I've
got that one there I've got this one
here obviously part of that collection
anything else nope oh I think I have the
spatial as well there it is that's the
exact one I was talking about I've got
the Aston Martin Vanquish
and I've got the db5 the XKR o is it
because Aguiar I think buddy notice oh
yeah those whites come into a fossil
shop and look at your like dinosaur
bones and all that so a story big
Megalodon teeth looks amazing like look
at this look at the detail but you know
what's more impressive than this detail
that's a poop no I'm joking
fossilized reptile to crabbing it's not
fishing but it's crabbing basically
throw a line now with like a bag with
like food in it like meat or something
and the crabs get attracted to the bag
and you basically pull them up so
example look at everyone absolutely
killing the game right now and it does
work cause look how my native car wait
look how many crabs are in that bucket
absolutely and they're massive as well
these huge crabs bit of a weird bit of a
weird sort of
or passed yet past time I definitely can
say so but I tell you what it's fun
prize surprise look where you are
hmm I'll take a wall please you're
paying whoa nope nope guy just asked for
sure oh and then walks away well max
wait where is he there is a shout-out on
walks plate I don't usually give him to
anyone but it seems like a nice left so
max if you're watching this that's me
look at this absolutely booming what Lee
just in a boat go he's down I mean we
were supposed to be going in a boat
today an inflatable dinghy down the
thing but plans changed dad fell over
and the wait wait should wait look how
swollen this
compared to that one mate on camera
that's insane drama
I crave until you this thing I was gonna
get that that looks pretty good but oh
my gosh that is a proper fish and chips
are in it robbed thank you
tastes like potato I know it tastes like
a food of Champions boom
what changing scenery well expecting
this were you wasn't expecting that
responsible oh listen you're drugged you
will cuz your dish now will miss it over
with I would not miss another whitby
trip ever
have you something to someone to talk
about the best chef yeah let's just say
that drink in the Sun kick you back
let's not these clouds bugger off
sometime soon and we'll be absolutely
set max sorting out the built and I'm
getting a Sun Sun can what if you're
done now what you doing what's been
nicked what's been add off to police
funds outside like this oh my bloody God
all right there's a thumbnail here I'm
sure there's an absolute thumbnail I'm
the captain now that is a big-ass bed
right I go and go got a number go get a
number
go get a number hello occasion ended up
with us in a hospital anything wrong
with you again did you expect this
family holiday to end up in the hospital
yeah wait we need a thumbnail here guys
I give minute where we going the sexual
health / dietary a IPT oh it's always
that you posing for a thumbnail like
nice oh hell yeah this is gonna be
service in a half I'm just gonna get
your posing for thumbnails on video yeah
I got it yeah I did get it he always
thinks he's dead pretty like you'll
never see this and then I catch on
camera giving blood gone viral get it
gone viral
okay there's legitimately no hospital in
the world that's quieter than this
we just cruise yeah what welcome to
Whitby minor injuries waiting times up
to one second this is crazy I tell you
what you could do you know those you
know those overnight like challenges to
stay somewhere guaranteed your ports are
there just either under a chair as well
there is there is these security cameras
wait it's like them security cameras in
the movies where you just you know you
won't hug it from the back and they're
just never know that's an oh that's a
VHS security hey I'm gonna title this
video exploring about exploring
abandoned hospital oh that's scary worse
than my have see my eyes are on no
there's nothing to do a so they've set
themselves off a communal garden okay
oh wait x-ray and radiology that well do
you know there's no way it's open wait
wait don't please
okay at least you follow the rules if
you're not back coast cruising you know
if we can somehow find a hospital gown
I'm deaf upon it on so like straight
facts yeah it's very like I'm not trying
to be a date we're not wasting anyone's
time but if I can find a gown on my own
Oh Mae this is hella haunted what's in
this room that's what hmm
I thought I thought I heard it already
was about to continue there's a War
Memorial odd wait wait wait wait Multi
grave on outside morning sorry multi
grave that's what they just throw the
dead people in it's a bit yes hmm
healthy hospital was just a fly
chronicling the world by you you
wouldn't think you would have been good
in the Army Haven I kind of like a fly
yeah no comeback to that I'd like to say
I think this ward has more life to it
well there's a map oh my god I feel like
this is like Resident Evil okay
you are here no thank you think that's a
bit rude and disrespectful I'm just
gonna wait apparently 15 minutes for
this elevator to come back up probably
quicker to take the stairs or do you
wanna see how Kenz do it I tell you what
I think it's actually quicker for me to
take the stairs yeah I'm taking the
stairs authorized staff only yep you're
not doing that yes Oh Oh the elevator
oh this place is haunted
hello there my boy hello there well too
slow
did you press every button
you are masters and they work entrusted
you think you're actually the ideal
situation here would be hey we can come
back tomorrow and get an x-ray
instead that woman was like I can do you
one better you can drive 30 minutes away
to another hospital and get an x-ray so
unfortunately we now have to go to
Scarborough we have to go to Scarborough
yeah my dad an x-ray on his hand an
adventure their lifetime
just never simple is it like it never is
it's like going hard in Florida lose
passport has to get emergency passport
sweet goes on the family trip family
falls out dad breaks and half to go to
the hospital a day in the life and a
little look 30 minutes later we made it
to Scarborough and the sky is gorgeous
absolutely stunning if you don't drive a
white car here you are kind of strange
yeah it's quite specific in Scarborough
just saying next stop emergency
department like if you ever need to go
to the doctors just always go to the
doctors like on the East Coast no one
here francha clinic yes this is
extremely busy it's like oh boy sorry to
feel like a walk like a what like a win
at least you're okay that's swelling
he's from nothing wrong you got a nice
night
something wrong before you just bruised
it and you couldn't you couldn't handle
the pain you wimp
what else could I say two hours later we
exit oh my god we're parked up and ready
to go and my dad he's trying he's trying
to wedge the camper out but this crank
is parked so close that he's gonna have
to do like a 30-point turn to get on the
right angle and then back it out pretty
brutal that was close I've always said
to my dad he's an incredible driver he
really really is to maneuver a fun like
this he drove on his entire life as a
builder boy he's incredible man he's
absolutely incredible I say that and
what watch him come up this now on the
van goes poof oh he's nowhere near that
car mate he's absolutely nowhere near it
well we're back out there done well you
say that things crossed you get an
account freezing nice one slightly
soujouk okay till the next day the next
five star four three two bid thanks to
the bed yeah exit beam a little spoon
yeah everything's panned out with dads
and Adal eyes just easy for us to just
say you know what we're gonna suck it
get off home dad can just rest back home
so that's the one
what's going on no it says animals in
road slow doing 20 on a 70 mile fowler
road are you kidding me I've never read
animals in road before 11 o'clock at
night seeing traffic like this on this
motorway and we're about 45 minutes away
from home is not good
has gone down and I do not think it was
animals in the road he's like I was just
about to say these guys are obviously
raving the test of cause the Vans
balancing and they're out on the
freaking boat away that is legendary oh
my god oh my god these guys go oh god oh
my god hey I just ran over it was like
cheers lights they all came running
towards us changed my bed I know we are
just going on an absolute matter I would
not be surprised now cuz the throwing
cans everywhere I would not be surprised
if the cops come up I'm not joking
there's even more of him and they've
been that guy swimmer aback by accident
oh my god this guy just popped the back
door then pop the back door and it pops
out with a streak own oh my god
Oh mate legends as I told them that this
Mac the women think oh it's moving
moving we're going we're going alright
in back we go Jesus it just says do not
pass
I'm honestly not sure she says do not
pass and then that looks like a cop car
there I think they got someone pinned
down or are they score in someone it was
a pony it was a pony
no way pony how did a pony get on the
boat way what I hope I got that on
camera so I got so distracted done home
sweet home
Steve I'm home buddy don't worry you
don't have to survive off the six
crickets in the space of 48 hours but
we're back we've done it brutal journey
a hilarious journey oh I'm not gonna lie
I was supposed to be going meeting up
with the lads like everyone was supposed
to be out drinking and all this sort of
stuff put my goddaughters birthday
tomorrow which I'm going to like the
birthday pie for her she turned to she's
adorable we're all supposed to be like
out to not like drinking drinking and
everyone's grown apart from two people
so I'm just a bit like I like how my
phone cut off things I'm not sure if
it's worth going out drinking and then
my mates rang me to be like what you
doing so I'm gonna go and you take this
phone call real quick one second I can
definitely say this dad
how about a really good time we
definitely made the most of it
it's a bit of a shame you can't doubt
the way it did but nonetheless still a
lot of fun
hey I think thing is not broken wrist
there's the silver lining right there
yeah that back that is the that's the
wind right there do you feel like you're
not love to just be like you know Walter
I can an IRS piece I'm just I'm drinking
out of a a chalice well to various a
football Cup chalice book it's gonna -
thank you cheers to good health
happiness and to finally get an out for
once we would never mix random what's
that called mine sweeping we'd never
mind super drinks this is just the
bottles that were line imagine you can
drink that instead come on where are the
strollers alright job hey Becky come on
get some make it I don't think that
drinking with me I'm getting hella why's
that
you know just for the record I'm holding
you to what are you doing right picking
off for pie yes yes I'll be outside
oh he's my games yeah our weekend rumor
is it no but he said he's drinking no
chance Christ man
a two-year-old does not know us play
musical chairs
kinder all right conversely boom okay
first of all this is not poo on my hands
for everyone saying like what's on Tom's
hand it's henna tattoo it's not a real
tattoo but it's henna
it's basically Incan - your hands like
two weeks but I am outside it's a new
dawn it is a new day tomorrow's vlog I'm
going to tell you guys a story of how
where's basically mmm owned the living
shit out of someone by RK owing them
over his head onto the floor and
basically knocked them out like actually
was like a fight so I'm gonna tell you
about that in tomorrow's vlog but I have
to end this now because when I ended
yesterday's vlog I was like cool it all
kicked off and you guys didn't see any
of it so I'm sorry that I did get on
camera
if I get any CCTV footage of it I will
definitely show you if I have to end
today's vlog make sure you leave a like
great simply subscribe I'll see you
tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next day folks
until then much luck your face and ha d
horse
