oh what a beautiful morning hello mr.
Gatsby my friend the rest change already
royal sure big ass ah ah what overnight
all the snows disappeared what Olivia
didn't wake me up to take her to school
I did have to go and do like a rescue
mission with all the family and stuff on
that Alice steak tonight and she's
really drove home already the snows all
completely melted
there's no ice whatsoever means I don't
get to save people with my defender
don't worry citizens it'll hopefully
snow again soon sorry today's long wait
this is a 12 o'clock star just because
Olivia did wake up at 7 o'clock and I
was like here just not feeling that wake
up time just what wasn't wasn't job you
movie too well but she did text me
saying this yesterday's vlog we tried
doing a Christmas tree as you can see
not exact not exactly too festive so we
need to work on that but what Lydia
wants to do is because she wanted the
real tree I don't normal trainee I
wasn't wanted real or fake or whatever
which kind of tree but Lydia said why
don't I pop the other tree that we have
in here I decorate this one and she'll
decorate that one and go buy new
decorations for it and stuff so we're
basically going to have a tree off
that's the pitch I think that's the name
of it and so I'm gonna have to go out
and get some decorations more
importantly I need to start getting
Christmas presents 8 for 10 days till
Christmas if that I haven't bought one
person one gift for Christmas I need
some ideas
she's so fast escaping me but yeah you
really not meat so you did see in
yesterday's board I received a Sonos
but it just happened to be Darren's
birthday as well so it was like I could
just keep the solo so herself
oh because it is a dope gift I'll give
him for his birthday birthday so I need
to replace that so knows that I now
don't have so I think I'm gonna go pick
one of those up today and
I think I'm supposed to go and get my
sister College Bowl as if that's all
that remains that life-threatening
journey I took down there yesterday all
just results in nothingness the
statement is you want me to go to the
tip now that I've got a vehicle capable
that you want me to go to the tip
already yeah I guess we got waste it's a
cardboard
did you give Lydia's sister that have a
box you want okay doubt it
look at me yes where's the snow gone
what are you even serious as if it's all
this was the road people was that's
where the guy nearly crushed yesterday
it's dawn completely gone wait we packed
up his order now yeah
Jonny McRoberts guess what it's game one
tiger
all right you know it's game breathing I
really don't know why we give where your
interests ofcourse where's he's back
bring in look hey yo mate you getting
one you're looking I just walked in at
your order being inside out so I'll
still go take care of that I need to get
some food I accidentally brought up the
option of five guys to the ladies and
apparently their food she's never had
five guys oh shit
some ladies like five guys that's all I
could say yo a big shout out to Tony
yeah Tony of course I remember it yeah I
told over you at least you remember I
got them dry sandwiches at breviary all
that the girl he works there's ordered
some stuff right I only usually wear
that one wristband a day but cuz Tony is
awesome
yeah sorry where is it where's the bag
right get make sure you get back and she
wants a signed poster so her Oh Tony yes
truly getting our money to go fuck this
camera so as you can tell we ship a lot
of stuff
some lovely film is once already today
today with the black and lovely Royal
and there and then oh yeah
alright so I just just go to Stalybridge
then hey men the whole point of me
getting this Land Rover Defender was to
offroad and have fun I'm a I'm a big man
oh no gonna be done you got this is
Camry this is karma for in yesterday's
vlog me going oh you go show don't do
anything for the company or guess well I
guess I am doing now so yeah I'm useful
oh all right so it turns out my defender
more importantly so it's just under six
six this won't hit like a barrier and
this top peek warned but what don't
doesn't clusters pilot six six is that
right there didn't do my roof a little
bit but I just went under a barrier and
clip the top of it so my Ariel good
possible wouldn't be surprised but you
know what we made it through it's fine I
thought I literally took like the top
might defend off them but we're good I
nearly filled this entire skip but oh my
god as a kid when I used to look in the
appliance section oh my gosh he's just
like that looks like a gaming headset
almost down there black and deckers but
there's just so much don't run these
stuff that's just shit and broken but as
a keyboard and stuff like man as a kid I
always just wanted to take it out cuz I
love taking things apart and see what
was in it was that high fibers there's a
bloody Dyson Hoover over there you could
salvage parts from that why would he
throw such good stuff away jealous
Hadden we're doing this for anyone
around the world is a tip I'm sure you
probably have them like a landfill cycle
here in England we try and organize it
as much as possible so that one for
example small appliances cardboard wood
timber non-recyclables tin cans known
ways nowhere it's just
it's the thermal one but just give you
more space at the room to empty it this
is where I used to come up with my dad
builder it finished doing some work on
his houses bring the materials here
throw them away sort of thing recycle
you gotta help the country you know it's
like everyone's so easy did you put
everything in one big waste bin if we
organize it ourselves it helps one stuff
though I don't know it still more than
happy to help out all right so now the
problem is I am probably going on top
but on the way out I'm probably gonna
clean it again so it can be tactically
the way I go if I see this like a little
bit more of a raised section they're
gonna sneak through it but you're gonna
hear a ding and I'm actually set my
phone up so you can hear it go yeah I
need an aerial replacement you'll know
why all right turn this music down I'm
trying to get it out of there quick
before anyone like follows me through
and watches me do it for its time are
you ready to hit are you ready to hear
it it's going off I feel so bad my
antenna you ready ready for that Clank
did it fall off
did it fall off I was like yeah this is
it this is a six six I'm fine but then I
forgot about the aerial on top and I was
like oh shit the only musics just gonna
go off in with it see ya we're just
safety check to see if he's even more
damaged on the way out it wasn't on the
way in so it wasn't too bad like it
didn't look damaged or anything but that
was even louder of a Clank on the way on
the way eggs in it so let's take a look
ready you know what I think it just got
a bit of a mark cut it rather than
anything and hopefully
I'm gonna die in it probably didn't hit
the roof a little bit there but you know
what we're fine we're fine fine we're
fine we're fine you're fine you're fine
look at radio I want to say that's
because I hit the area but it's usually
always like that anyway not that it's
absolutely fine but yeah the most
difficult decision of five guys to make
I'm feeling fun too but you know what
I'm sticky I'm staying original I'm
going to go why not you know I never
knew this at five guys just like
sandwich number three two one I didn't
realize that he actually put stickers on
the sandwiches so you know which ones
which
I know it's most people that's probably
very obvious but to me I don't have a
clue so mine's number three never
survive guys and had Cajun chips bacon
cheeseburger mushrooms
jalapenos holy goddamn shit ketchup hmm
I just realize this is not my sandwich
it's got onions on it and mayonnaise I
didn't ask for that I think I've just
eaten my sister sandwich awkward what's
even more awkward is the fact that
there's three PC world guys all staring
at me all talking about me
oh look at me while some turnover
sandwich I'm looking Hey so just like
that I managed to replace the SONA
speaker that gave to Darren yesterday
wrong it I'm glad I gave him it's an
awesome gift that I know I'll use it got
man I've had one for Christmas like two
years ago and he's never put it down
since so I have now replaced the Sonos
because I've got so I can connect it to
my elector when I get home and then in
my office so when I'm working away in
stuff I could just be like Alexa go fuck
yourself Richie below okay boy always
got a rock
I swear that something like someone
crushed them
oh there's another defender what a
brother I also picked up with this
little Bob boy okay is actually in it
this thing's tiny yeah okay they go
thing it's so small but I'm hoping this
will do exactly what I want and the
reason why I say that is because what it
compacts that easy
when I try to put my phone up here watch
it falls down I'm hoping that if I leave
this mountain here I can just do that
maybe like how are you supposed to do
this and then bend it so what I want to
talk to you guys when I'm in the in the
Land Rover I could just pop it on here
and then if I bend the legs like enough
in whichever position like that if I
leave that there
then when I put my phone up there I
might actually glue this mount to the
fucking Land Rover no joke that way I
can like plug it in whenever I need it
my phones up there so I can see it and
but more importantly so I can blog and
not their life so close up I can have a
better distance we need a bit space guys
we're a bit we're a bit close and it's a
good thing but at the same time it's
kind of a bad thing
I just really don't believe that this
this cameras gonna stay here like what
I'm driving or something like that so
yeah let's turn it off right but hey
anyway I got a mountain yeah I love you
guys too you know see what see what I do
to to help City original a damage of a
brand new line over yes my cat's got a
fancy book but it to you on the road a
fair or fair of you built a house
already what's up what time what time
what time what time did you come to my
house 10:00
what did I tell you about coming to me I
was early You cheeky bugger anyone know
got all this salt washed off gonna be a
pain in the ass to clean this Eddy
I gotta get all the salt from the
underneath off it all around the wheels
all under this and everything so it will
do a good job this place is this place
is the best that smell of hot brakes and
cleaning fluid like like singing off
it's it's kind of beautiful at the same
time kind of disgusting but this is
where we find out even though I've been
in the rain in this this is where we
truly find out if it's got any leaks and
why I'm not using a little stun
I'm a little mounting um yeah I don't
know I'll use that a little bit maybe
not too much yeah I looked at before I
bought it but it's got like this is like
a stretchy straining thing so I thought
it would just like hold it straight but
your phone Connor goes into that so you
constantly like on a weird angle look
you think it's on straight like this is
your flat you should be looking on here
but instead you're looking down there
it's kind of weird either way for seven
quid worth its weight in gold it's
happening it's happening I'm stuck in it
I'm stuck in the midst of it the water's
coming down my windows help I'm in this
storm I'm in a storm out babe I would
love to be in a storm with this like I
mean not snowing
I mean star like stop stop stop stop
also I'm starting to realize that
because I see myself like a thousand
times a day in a reflection I'm starting
to look more tired and more pale I've
been fucking UK for about five days this
country's already taking its toll clean
clean clean clean
hello my friend clean clean clean clean
clean it's plain plain clang clang clang
clang clang clang train it's clean all
right I guess I'm a very busy man go get
yourself a trochee you do everything go
to the Skip drop up all that stuff go to
the shop pick up a load of stuff I've
got big enough amount of room damn to go
and pick up the industrial amount of
clothes cuz there's washing machines
brokers using mine
so you know what dr. Tom Oh God come
come come come come come
ok sure like how he said that's so
suspiciously like what are you hiding
why are you moving it forward a bit
what's going on
that's a suspicious Drive movement that
can suspicious do I get a job here then
um what was my job see today
drop off the store get your dinner other
stuff so far um a lot of orders do I
actually need to take your son suppose I
was like do I have to I've got meeting
at half past four so just doing that
it's age when I was your five guys
oh sorry was called by the way apologies
apologies we get it get over it Jesus
mom you're an alcoholic
that's where I get it from we know I've
now got the more it asking me I am in an
washing with your guys Cindy original
swag beans sent it out all the same
married second what is this
this didn't come from nope it wasn't me
don't think it I think it was yeah yeah
Ravel's go on strike not was not
syndicate original I will make sure it
makes it to the destination yeah yep
okay this where it's like which one was
it yeah I want cleaning office you're on
it um I don't know but this one's over
here as well Oh God
he said take injury oh I've never been
in here before it's gonna explode a
rhino man
safety starts here oh yeah okay that was
cool that's what I assumed Santa's
workshop looks like it's all the
presents and letters and shit all right
time to new take my dad back home cuz he
forgot the keys from his sister get the
keys take him to Alice then once we've
done that tickets Wireless then take my
laundry home and then drop madad madad
ensured on his policy so he's having a
bit of a drive it enough and be the
opportunity to decide whether or not
actually
comfy drive enough C's to complete us
for sure a lot of this you're nice and
high up can see the road you can vlog
from me this is great this is great i
grip to some reason sure
no for more off-roading love it I'm I'm
not the cat you want I'm not the cat you
dude but I have no cat but I'll save you
listen we all know that you up there is
a bad idea isn't it it is because you'll
probably knock something off and smash
it won't ya yes you will
yeah she will anyway as I was saying
it's actually dope what four days or
something like if that book it's amazing
to have the convenience of I can offer
all I can get through absolutely
anything and everything on the road
which is doing and having a crazy amount
of space is just absolutely amazing and
it just feels nice to be like high up on
the road because I'm so used to being
like low in my TT that it's a really
nice refreshing sort of vibe but yeah
man
love it really happy with it I have seen
a warning light pop up on the dash which
I don't know about which I need to
google and find out what it is the door
hinge is a bit kind of funky now we've
been playing with it a little bit it
seems a bit like you don't need to get
that taken care of but um yeah so far
like I love it and you know I've spoke
to drag you around LAN role because it's
the same company about taking it to
their special vehicles operations team
and taking it down there because they
make like the cars for James Bond films
and you're like deck out defenders for
the movies and stuff and like the Queen
and I might have a look to make some
content I've coming down there with you
guys rather than going to some like
random third party go to Land Rover jag
your themselves and Timothy out there
like all new full suspension systems and
it like the new model stuff that they
use for the other vehicles to try and
see if we can put it on mine
the light bar which I know they can do
different kits
different see it's like you know
different steering wheel maybe like a
you know future tech steering we were
like you know like the call buttons on
it because this one is just like a
normal steering wheel but like you know
proper future-tech it because I want it
to look as traditional as it does from
the outside but with a modern twist on
the inside
and yeah I'm excited I got a lot of puns
got what clubs and the guys from Jaguar
alike land rover like that's dope
let's talk so really excited man
someone's a blood my tree there you go
you go don't you go and put it well I
spent all night hiding these wires and
you go and you go what beautiful love it
I'm was a bit too straight yeah perfect
alright I'm now just waiting on the
standby in the next one to two minutes
for my accountant to roll lumbar she's
gonna roll them by and when she reels
them by I have to pay taxes to find that
so being an adult gotta get it done
gotta make it up and so I risk drinking
a monster crushing later on tempted but
the taste of monsters like a really do
but like that monster the other day for
some reason I crashed and I could I
crashed hard from itself just a little
bit worried about drinking out a lot of
people said stop drinking the sugar-free
ones and you won't really get that
crashes much so potential but a right
sense awesome poor god what was supposed
to be a 30-minute meeting my accountant
turned into like a two-hour conversation
she's a homie I've known her for ages as
well so that helps but it was like we
talked about business we pay the attack
to do this we do everything then we just
have a good old chinwag about the local
area because she was close to me and she
was quite it's quite sad but my
accountant so whilst I was below my
house you know she was sorting out all
the funds for my house being bill and I
want sort of stuff
and since my YouTube it began but the
sad thing is right is my account and saw
this value of this road going on she was
like you know I properties commissary
I'm gonna buy it so they came up with an
amazing architecture plan to the house
all that sort of stuff but then she had
problems with the roof and the builders
and she was just like I've got to cut
ties with it and unfortunately that
house right there right there is where
my accountant would be living that would
be a house I Cavaliere
just shout orbit were like hello you
know pay my taxes pay my bills and she's
just pop over and write you know just be
a really nice like sort of friendly
thing well like I said there was just
complications because she's got flat
roofs there was complications where was
like leaking in and the bill the team
was sheared and the Builder team start
of like from what I gathered
and just done a bad job and then they
wouldn't repair it and then it went into
like legal sort of light no you need to
fix it you've done it wrong and they
were like no business does exist when we
closed it so just get into things you
like just sort the project someone else
bought it and shout to let it go but now
every time she comes to my house and she
lives in local area has to see it and
it's like a bit of a mm-hmm
you know it's always they're reminded of
like what she could have had but you
know she's positive if she's moving in
with new things and you know you live in
you learn so that that's a bit of a
weird story to tell you but right next
step we're gonna set up this Amazon echo
plus so Oh what the hell Alexa Alexa
lock my front door oh hell yeah
wait what call me Dad oh so oh my god it
didn't say Kolby dad it said called that
holy shit that scared me well I'm I'm
determined even though I said this like
my house has got you know speakers
throughout all the ceilings and stuff
like that I'm very tempted to just get
rid of them all but absolutely rid of
all of them the sound bars that you can
hear for the front of TVs now project
sounds so well that you don't really
need surround sound in the systems and
even for you know like play music in
your house and pies and stuff like that
just by Sonos like seriously this is not
sponsored so I've got at my palm in LA
it's worth its weight in gold my dad's
got it my sister's gonna buy for
everyone I gave it to Darren as a
present for his birthday yesterday
Sano's is worth its weight in gold like
you can just go on your phone and you
know change the volumes and rooms
different stations different Matt but
with this safe I'm in my office up and
I'm listening to Dizzee Rascal I could
just go hey Siri play ksi Lamborghini
not Surrey Alexa I could just tell her
to do that and she does and she'll just
search her like now playing this cuz
you've got it connected to your Spotify
and you've got access to everything so
let's get this stuff endure see how
annoying Alexa's gonna be Peter kid
bloody hell no wonder she needs a power
socket she's bloody massive Lil B the
cat featuring the vlog today as per
usual look at him you wake me up and
then
you look at them they're just so this
was such an attention seeker man she
really doesn't like my phone like she
really doesn't like bones
whereas this guy's like okay she always
acts so like sassy and like moody but
she's truly a her such a Louisville cab
she just needs a lot more attention and
she's gonna get a load off maybe this
Christmas and you might as well don't
worry I still love you right okay
no you always want to play you need to
lose some weight so get running okay so
we're trying to find hey whoa refines a
bokken like you're fine so we're going
watching Star Wars we're watching it I
was streaming like an hour before we
came here and the entire time I was like
oh I'm going what just tells me what
just hours but just did not I just did
not trust I did not trust my twitch app
not anyone the Internet to not spoil it
for me so I said it goes the film starts
that half-past eight it's 8:45 it's my
fault we're late
I was streaming player anon
battlegrounds don't worry about it don't
worry about it it's okay it's my fault
so we're gonna miss the start I was but
you know what what epicness can happen
in within the first 10 minutes of the
new Star Wars like a planet blows up
maybe or someone dies oh do an IMAX here
we are this is what we're here to see
Star Wars the last Jedi
hopefully nobody dies yeah
how we do this like every movie we go
through it especially when you tell me
that it's yeah over in screen 14 and we
walked in he was halfway through the
baby we made it that was was epic I've
never watched a film it's such a fucking
smile on my face before in my life
like really damn good yeah yeah just
like that I into randomly bump into a
fun and then that was the last event or
filming from that I I think we just head
home that's it that was a life Tom it
was quite late but I have to say this
right now I didn't say a little bit Star
Wars was so good it was so so good like
from the first 10 minutes it was so
funny
and this one learned about all these
like movies now because they rabid it
being like this happen to be like you
know the Avengers and all that starts to
write happen to be just like dead dead
serious moment you can add a bit of
comedy to it you know what
it just works it wasn't a moment in that
film where I was like awkward this a bit
it worked it was perfect it was amazing
if you haven't seen it go check it out
if you're gonna be someone who's like oh
this is different I understand you've
got all the right to be passionate and
stuff like that but at the end of the
day it was an amazingly entertaining
film ten out of ten really recommend it
I cannot wait to go watch it again and
just the plot twists and turns it was
just incredible so I had a really nice
time so thank you for watching today's
vlog
leave a like crane subscribe see you
guys tomorrow around 6 p.m. sorry for
being late but you know just I've been
so busy with everything else going on at
any other Clips bloated so I'm sorry I
love you all don't forget you want to
get yourself some sympathy but you'll
swag in time for Christmas get ordered
by the 19 don't get it all by the 19 you
ain't gonna be gaining alright I want to
see everyone on Christmas Day rockin
rockin rockin through swag so get it go
get it ordered get it in time get it for
a gift and I really look forward seeing
you guys all rocket and wearing it so I
don't get tagged me and cynic original
Christmas day so I'm gonna go now wait
for my dad I don't know what the hell
he's doing but I'm gonna go so much luck
and it's a big cost
