oh my goodness me that is one hell of a
thing to wait you can see my son Julie's
I could definitely feel how rough I was
last night after drinking just like very
long drinking session a lot food so if I
would've had that Korean barbecue I'd be
dead right now let's step outside I
don't think you can judge it from here
but the cloud that not cloud the smoke
in the sky is so strong but when I get
over towards the sea later on you'll be
able to see the fire that's on that TV
is just beyond this wall it it's insane
Los Angeles is burning food acquired
uber it down to the office and then we
are actually gonna go check out the fire
but before I do that
okay that's terrifying I was gonna say
you're a special driver what does that
mean hey t-rex you're known right 200
you're known writer Damien okay okay I
like it that's awesome you're a good
dude well my name's Tom I make youtube
videos for a living and travel around
the world I met YouTube videos where I
film every single day of my life and
travel around the world a lot of the
time it consisted me just being at home
in England with my cats at the moment
but that's because I'm in wait what does
that make me the Richmond
well dude this is my job I do this every
single day and I've done it every single
day for two-and-a-half years more than
that you know maybe I go out and see my
friends and go partying or go doing a
sport or an activity or something I'm
not like a crazy cat lady I like my
Google advertisements when you look at a
YouTube video you see an ad that pops up
that makes revenue and people watch it
the videos you can make money currently
myself right out I'm waiting at this
food place for Luke he was supposed to
be here 20 minutes ago he's not so I'm
stuck here in the sunbathing listening
to Christmas music yeah feels so festive
right now I am on the other hand being a
bit of a dick I'm kind of eating food
from a different restaurant here so I
felt bad so I bought a drink but Luke's
gonna heat it eat here anyway and I'll
explain that to the ladies so they don't
think I'm just being a true dick and
they're cool with it as long as I bought
a drink
I'm good
an actual tape player Walkman he is my
spirit animal an hour an hour of sitting
there after lute Sadie was gonna be ten
minutes and hour later he turns up and
grabs you some winter is ordered rather
than sitting there and eat it we just
we've so sorry top round staff for
looking like a bum just sat in you in
your restaurant
I appreciate your drink though delicious
so oh my god I thought we hit someone
because there's a lot of people trying
to go and see it as well or is it the
people so mess the thing is one front
we've got a speak to like the team a
true beauty but we've got like this was
fun fun huge you Caroline maybe 20
people or something I'm cops all seats
in it fill it with waters and supplies
and stuff like she's like merch there
and stuff like people need clothing food
like blankets whatever just whatever is
useful if we could load that up and send
it up to them I just get someone to keep
driving supplies up in slash plausible
supplies up I could be really really
amazing but the thing is like right now
I'm trying everything apply let's find
out where to help who to help that sort
of stuff but it's not being promoted and
shared enough where to find it like I
tweet so many different services trying
to find out and reached as people to
find out I still don't know but I do
believe they're trying to find like an
evacuation place to put everyone but the
thing is this I keep spreading so time
to move the people then I've been to
moving a little bit further and a little
bit further so me and Luke gonna try our
best to get not in the way not in the
way right not in the way of the people
but there's a highway that goes through
two burning sides of hills and that's
just open because it's concrete won't
burn
so that's currently a situation and
we'll try and drive through that just to
see what it's like so boom more
information when I know about it if you
guys don't know about the pyro net line
you know a way to help get involved get
helping and get sharing very very
important to get sharing like the news
articles define so
let's be a man with a plan right so this
is like clear blue sky and then the
further you go down the grayer it gets
so over beyond those hills I think over
a bit that direction is where the fire
is I'm not too sure what it at night
well this looks like illuminating look
at the fires yeah
god damn like said for this vlog I'm
gonna put in a link in description to
any things that I can help out with
being like links to where you guys can
donate to or send stuff to through and
like they would California area or
something like whatever ways do you guys
help if you want to help but like yeah
we're gonna try and head up here and
then you'll see that the Hollywood sign
is just behind it like post everything
what is that called billboard just
beyond that billboard so we'll see it's
Charlie I really want to buy something
to take home to England don't know how
it must okay see uh we can see you
taking photos there man you're doing uh
you're doing like a photo or a
time-lapse of the the smoke I think you
might be right now looking at he's
looking pretty clear but I think he's I
think he's trying to get the shot he's
promoting steve aoki get lost
no I know the banks England the guy was
trying to sell the building yeah and he
didn't realize the worth of it oh I
think the story is like he almost sold
the building not realizing the painting
itself and the value yeah but almost
sell for what the building how much did
he sell it for he didn't end up so what
would you do it so Banksy hit your
health right now
now send you owned it all Judy would you
sell it try and make profit on the
finger would you cut it out the wall and
sell it online I cut it out yeah go
through Sotheby's but I'd probably wait
a couple yeah true true but it invest I
did invest like Bitcoin most we're here
yeah you know what was here don't ya the
first ever 3d office yeah the first up
there I remember sitting up there
talking to you guys about what the
vision of 3d free BD was when he was two
employees to you and Angela
damn that goes way back and zoom over
there look at that it's a Christmas tree
made out I think what implants but it
looks like hey I actually dug them dude
imagine if like it was that all the
letters the kids had sent to summer but
the parents were like and the postman
was like now sucks it's no good they're
not get it never made that instead what
a gangster he would be right so where
are we now Luke
we are the 101 we're going over and
that's right now you can't see something
any smoke in the air because we're round
the corner nice we round the corner from
it right the second compared to what I
can see how about from my balcony LuPone
oh wait you know in the distance there
that looks smoky yeah that looks smoking
foggy compared to when I was looking up
then yeah this is definitely looking for
smoky foggy
yeah you can definitely see this smoke
like in-between these like tree just
sitting it's like it's just sat in the
air what we were just talking about how
we went past the office where we can
Angela made 3bd for the first time no
idea the location where Angela live boy
his house might be affected yeah he
lives right here and that's the hill
that's on fire yeah what he just made a
phone call with someone's like you need
any help with the house I thought he's
like moving how does something goes I
haven't wearing maybe doing that one
part of his life not that he was in the
path of the fire yeah I mean they're
standing by so we're you're gonna see
right now is the same hill yeah yeah
okay is where the fire is okay Angela's
right there literally so we were passing
a street I was like oh shit Oh cuz I was
on the phone this morning talking to him
about it but he didn't offer any
assistance and that's why I could just
go
he was issued there yeah and then the
fire is spreading it in it like a
thought I thought they said a an acre a
second an acre a second was the
statistic on the TV oh my lord again if
any of this information spoils I just
ready off the TV so rink also need to
throw this in here as well it's Luke's
birthday today even though you've seen
me go to one birthday pie for you
another get-together birthday thing but
with yesterday and now it's actually
worth a party he's birthday today what
are you retarded or present and today
we're going to a basketball game
together you've got three birthdays with
me we're going fire hunting and just
record to rate we are staying way away
from anyway you're not supposed to be we
are not getting in the way of any
services or anything like that we're
heading to the rules
that's right word adhering to the rules
and what were being told we're just
checking out the distance this is
birthday today anyway yeah pick up the
water and drop over it yeah but like
look at all the all these trees because
Ellie's so dry first of all the fight in
a drought so it's like you know trying
to save water and all that but now they
need all the water to throw on to the
London to keep it down keep it wet so it
doesn't catch fire in certain areas but
like it's all just this portion
shrubbery that's all dead there's a
little bit of grass that just helping
spread along so the
like mountain area is just purely
burning on fire so I don't know if we're
gonna see it oh this is empty yes what
was earlier yeah so yeah we're like all
the all these bow inside like this house
is open between them all they're just
getting absolutely levels like just
level they're all how what domain are
would feel like efficiency and they
don't need to be made out stone because
the heat and you know all sorts of
reasons but most of the housing I had
you been out purely wood and then
they're just catching a life like crazy
out so this is the hills from the video
that went viral you know showing
everyone what it was like like more dogs
it's completely charred all this like so
shrubs and stuff away from the mountain
it's just it's just a light blanket in
it so it isn't like a dick blanket ative
well hell yesterday's fire crew hell yes
dude I can't even imagine how they do
this but yeah this is what we were
expecting obviously it's burned out by
now but it seems like how is there still
green on the hill you know like
everything's just Chad so much how is
there still green on the hell yeah so
that's where it's like we get a next
exit figured all these hills would
actually be on fire
from what you know from what the video
showed yeah yeah and all these all these
were on fire as well fire still spread
it right just definitely look like a
barren landscape madam sure crazy yeah
you can see the diamond keeping the
houses that were affected save good on
us good on him so this is the thing that
they were so worried about but it is
this okay
yeah right yeah so this is like what a
massive fear about it feel it reaching
if you get you said I don't know if
there's a fire on the other side of this
mountain or anything from me like from
this side at least we're not seeing
anything well look at the smoke there
you can't even see the mountain range
that's usually all around LA like you
know if it's spread further down it and
reach all these all these buildings all
these like trees everything it should
burn straight to real Oh crazy I was
actually expecting it to look like more
doable
you know actually doesn't so it's great
oh you do go out that's why you can see
this up on the roof
oh yeah that'd be a really good place to
show it yeah definitely all this cloud
yeah a light has smog from all the
traffic but this right now
is the thick part of smoke just it's
trapped by the hills in it like shot by
the mountain so it's just stuck in the
same nobody has to breathe it should not
work out really they not be out doors
for long periods of times hello you
should not work out today
all the gym dudes in LA are absolutely
hate themselves everyone gets in there
as fast food place and stay indoors this
might be the greatest time I've ever
seen the Sun in Los Angeles I can't see
this much of it but look whoa that's
crazy it's so Orange well I guess this
is one way of looking it's like saying
oh I'm sorry it was like a disappoint in
Adventure to go and see the fires
because we really didn't think we're
gonna see it but you know in the best
way possible
it's it's good the fires have been put
out it's great there is still massive
fires burning LA but they're like two
hours away from us like who knows how
far back they'll come again but if
they've got that fire near to get you
under control it's a win so if you came
to this video expecting like chaos and
destruction did can't see it but not the
way we thought we were gonna see it so
there you go another memory for the
history books
here we go this is this is how we do I
think actually like I think it's one
webs on this fall but I think we're
trying to get this force we got like I
said the whole building whoo oh shit ah
well the Sun is just gone we just missed
the Sun behind either building the smoke
or whatever but look at this there's the
fire Luke all the way in the background
you can truly see the power of it
flippin heck that looks absolutely nuts
look at it's all just so so smug down
and smug doubt she's breathing it all in
bonkers man oh man
does look like is like an entire city on
enflamed let's just hope it doesn't come
to that and what what are pigeons
that's like do their work he works on a
Mac whatever if you start working
properly do you get your man
I think Jason I think a few people may
actually get max like to use please take
topper one Mac that's available but I'm
like I've got no reason up top with me I
don't have to always travel with it I
don't want to carry a PC around if I'm
down here on a bit to stream make videos
and all that sort stuff I may talk about
business
like literally let the power go to the
head like two seconds I've never asked
for anything from this company like can
I have it - but I'm gonna have this yeah
the opportunities there if I want it
I've just never jumped on it and I'm
like you know what okay we're gonna
build a PC so he's gonna spec out the
best PC he can we're gonna build it and
when I next come out to LA I'm gonna
fucking mammoth at a PC way do you want
and I need you to come up with a cool
name for a PC like we're gonna name it
and then we get one of the sticky guys
to create a design
stick the stick like name I mean it's
gonna be a brand we need a cool name for
PC leave some comments down below the
rage is real I didn't show you guys but
I'm using I'm totally not razer headset
right over there so I'm using Appetit
you know what calling out that is a
terrible headset like I'm sponsored by
Razer and I didn't realize that was till
a beach I used to use to Elbit just as a
kid and they were amazing but that is a
shit headset I don't sound like really
hash there towards an eye it's just a
fact I'm playing on a laptop with that
headset and I was getting shot and I
couldn't for the love of God workout
anytime I run into an enemy where I was
getting shot from when you've been
treated to the good life at Razer it's
difficult going to anything else so as
you can tell you've got lot rounds yeah
lives money the track and ready goes
different hours oshi we have dimmed oh
yeah you pull the car around I'll be
down in two minutes
so you see shut up Ricardo savage he's
such a savage in it dude Christian it
yeah so the record people this is not
what this game is gonna look like you
know light it like in this light is good
like that this is the most alpha of
alpha of alpha you can even look at this
it work it is like proof of concept sort
of thing people know what our defence
thing looks like obviously but this is
true proof of concept this game is gonna
look so good when it's done I'm gonna
done done you're gonna love it
well done mate like a day's work fuck
yeah like I've talked about I'm gonna
make a tower defence game for ages so
finally gonna make I could do my uber
nice so we're gonna finally make like an
epic like really beautiful looking down
a fence game and I think you guys yep
it's all in the works it's gonna happen
we're gonna fuck it up and it's Lou's
birthday so let's go and celebrate
you took the rap that is sick fuck what
is that look how long it is cuz you see
in the round look out look how many
doorways it goes down
this is where the apocalypse happens
that guy blocks the entire road like
he's blocking his entire intersection he
blocks the road oh is it because it
forces it all into one lane rather than
- yeah yeah that guy blocks a lane and
when we got we get stuck here and then
we die it's the game the game awards
show like the biggest game award show
like that's how he's right there yeah
drunken watching the Clippers game
thanks thanks well we were gonna go for
a beer as Luke wants a beer but there's
a nice ring I'll go ice skating find
your birthday skate on your birthday so
tired I don't think I've had more than
six hours sleep once this entire time
being here eight remember like top six
hours a good amount I don't get nine
having a boot oh dude you know what Luke
I'm so happy right now
you know what Pharrell's giving me happy
look at it skating around making fools
of themselves I've done that I loved it
but next step is the Staples Center
where we're meeting up with Steven who
lent me his iPhone 10 Oh X the other day
to film with me or with him because
apparently his company he works for has
got some goddamn tickets for us to go
and enjoy the game That's not me so that
guy's gonna play that's the only guy I
know so what it is where it is but
there's some beautiful trees and John oh
my god this is what you want to do on
your birthday yeah I love it
can I take one more please I love sweet
me yeah how's that your birthday it's
your mother truckin birthday you do
whatever you want to do you want to do
somebody birthday do it I'll make it
happen I know I just have one of those
dogs absolutely incredibly tasty and
then this lady is like you get one hose
yes so good I was like you want one
you're the suicide dog so we came over
to it to these boys buying a one right
now I never met before Cruz you better
enjoy this dog I almost want another one
bought watch my diet it's like you've
got your pack ones I bought you
is he doing this on a banjo I'm sorry
this is so bright is he doing this in a
banjo yes
as amazing my first-ever basketball game
something that lays them fireworks
goddamn
enjoy your happy birthday this guy who
invented the solenoid is so rich quite
disagreeable compared to this guy so he
owned the rights to every light plastic
metal ever so rich yo Chris brassiere
guardians of the galaxy just tied him up
on the screen I could get my phone ready
Chris fries down there somewhere and I
cannot see or tell where to save a life
we found him that's him sir
okay you see one that's pretty well
there is Chris
he's just absolutely kickin it one
absolute legend he's got the sticky
seats in the house
nice yeah the more my look at this
screen is by phone
beautiful the guy in the background oh
thank you
but like we're brother and sister
I know it's gonna say
Oh people
hi I don't get the best
I know I know
your phone will build this is so much
fun
they really watch it right so this is a
youtuber whose house in the fire for the
town he needed a GoFundMe you know like
obviously to resell the house of a
hundred and forty thousand dollars in a
day
what's going down what's going down
i watch it before the first
Oh
so what is that Catherine what is that
cannon
oh my god
the Gatlin gun
oh my god it's actually firing
America
is so sick
no special I said before I want one of
those
that is truly truly
one so what if all happens
this cow comes out when if they miss
both of these like is it free free throw
yeah if they miss both of the free
throws than everyone in this building
wins a chick-fil-a sandwich so you can
this is this you all height buddy gets
caught it so ain't no chick-fil-a oh I'm
sorry
I know you're sorry all right this guy
throws the game we get chicken purses
calories look at him literally guys made
that walk of shame like 15 times now
this place emptied out fast bike at 105
113 it's I think almost impossible
Jaffar this days I think it's impossible
put up the window so you know what it is
what it is I did walk into this saying I
want the Timberwolves to wind but then I
changed my mind has been awesome from a
from a from a sonic shoot to the oculus
shoot this is the longer I go this is
the guy's been sawing it all out he he
knows involve all I can experience yo
how about a basketball game
thank you very much my appreciate and
especially being on your birthday and
now it's time to go firefight let's go
my first what I think of it really
entertaining actually really really
enjoyable like it's easy to follow it's
fast it's not it's not it's not boring
like baseball movie that your face doe
your belly like oh yeah be back out here
on the road la fire this time you want
to get a nighttime perspective of
whether or not we can see a load of
members we got a boy out there is a
photographer I got mean like really good
photographer shot I'll put his Instagram
down in the link in description you want
to check out what he does very very
talented dude but he's out here and he
says he's got a cool spot to see some
stuff but it's too like it's not just
this fire there's two fires that we know
of but they spawn fires in LA so there's
a fire that with over here then there's
a fire that's further out like another
20 minutes but that one's like a raging
fire apparently so we may be heading to
that location boys oh sorry it's a
female I'm sorry to assume your agenda
yo this is Oh - Casey LA 9 news van oh
shit son we're in the right direction it
seriously seriously smells like burning
up here so this is the road we came down
early today we're like all the fire is
out sort of thing all this Phil on the
right this is what was all on fire and
just looking like Charlie I get
completely chad's where anything so
we're not too far away from our home
voice we're gonna try meet up with him
and see where he's in a hot spot my boy
well yeah well yeah damn it oh boy has
got the he's got the radio scanner on so
we're listening to like what about that
phone cut out again so I've always got
the the radio scanner on for the
firefighters so we can hear what they
are saying I was going on what's going
down and the moment just reported about
traffic accidents rather than any fire
stuff so that's currently a thing
there's a car over there like his light
so I'm not too sure what you're doing
but we we know the fire is is roaring 20
minutes up now so that's where we're
gonna head now so we're gonna follow him
you doing their mean I guess he was
wondering what the cars in that parking
lot we're doing but that's the gun look
you guys can see but those red dots
they're all the embers inside that
mountain that we drove past today like I
do fly it five but if in case I don't
see you it's been a pleasure look at
yourself
Merry Christmas happy birthday Merry
Christmas and have a happy new year I'm
now gonna jump rise Luke's gonna head
home because he's like super tiny go
back and see the wifey I'm gonna jump in
with this boy and we're gonna cruise
round because we're at the base of a
like huge stat hills and stuff where
there should be a fire obviously we're
seeing nothing so we're gonna cruise
around the scan and see what we can find
but Luke drive safe
I love you if we find anything we'll let
you know all right that's brother this
is a serious camera this is a serious
this is a serious camera holy crap I was
there trying to film those embers on my
iPhone and he just looked like potatoes
so if we find something you better know
we're gonna shoot it so this is where
all the news people sat and step up
there's a police officer on it started
bicycle there's more bike sorry with
these I
no fire and this is the hope where we're
at earlier on looking at the M embers
just like burning away but again it
seems to being controlled they're saying
that tomorrow is gonna be a crazy day
because the winds gonna be much stronger
but you know for like places like this
the fire is not here anymore so I guess
that's a win unless he just whipped up
some embers and it throws out to the
other side of the road and in that case
like that could be disastrous this place
didn't burn down and they've got a
pretty private gated community with
security guy look at it Elleni just
keeps on ticking man no matter what they
just keep on going and then packed what
pair is a police officer not too sure
what he's doing but you see what I mean
they're Highway Patrol really can he
arrest you they can only arrest you on
the highway oh really
so he can't arrest us here this doesn't
pass as I wait is it going to say our
adventure ends here but we definitely
attempted it we tried but you know what
it is what it is and he looked like okay
my apartment went to watch punisher but
fell asleep on my sofa and now woke up
at four o'clock in the morning so i'm
going to go where guys and this is gonna
be my last day in LA tomorrow we'll be
flying back to England so that should be
awesome some of you guys like the plane
blog but hope you enjoyed today's vlog
like I said I'm gonna try and find the
links to be able to help out with a bag
any donations or stuff like that for the
causes in our lake I'm really I really
am glad that you know what we went and
saw was controlled because that could
have been so much worse but there is a
areas affected in LA that are still
seriously seriously being destroyed so
it's just it's just absolutely crazy but
I'll keep you guys posted with anything
if I do for some reason forget the links
in description I will get to or please
go out your way to try and search for it
yourself and that's just me I can give
myself a back-up plan for being stupidly
tired right now but nonetheless thank
you very much for watching today's vlog
if you did enjoy it make sure they like
crane subscribe ding dong that
notification bell and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
look it's until then thank you very much
watching I'll see you back in England
I'll be streaming like crazy again and
much I go to Iceland for a few day so
let's see how that goes
