why am i awake could the frost melon can
even see it the frost melon off this
fence
oh it's hella weird I've got the kettle
on Livia's still in bed and I'm
hopefully look you're not gonna die of
ice death on here is anyone awake in the
house yet I don't see any movement it's
safe to say
Tim's definitely got a better guy than
me this is his pride and joy he mows it
with pride clearly once a week that's
not an insult to daily or anything like
that but that's a high maintenance lawn
right there death if I see that didn't
work - yes I see mmm properly kappa
don't think i've ever been up in the
past month before 9:00 a.m. our personal
choice I've always been woken up by my
granddad oh my girlfriend my dad all the
cats or the deliveryman or a key you
know never a choice until now
it's good nice huh where are you going
she's still in bed you can give me it
bacon Oh be up then last first job of
the day is to get this shirt nice and
ironed I don't know what Tim's wearing
or Connor or guy but I'm wearing shirt
tie sue and I hope I look good and I
hope I don't look overdressed no no no
he's the big dog your cute dog like a
fuse dines before me but that is an
intense looking thing oh it's only small
is it steamer mmm just said no to toast
cuz it's too many carbs oh yeah look at
the size of that belly on you mate Dave
meanwhile a mile up my will that is
that's got ends I mean man rolls ends
I mean I've no idea I'm talking about
introducing my suit for the day
Lydia did the tie by the way she didn't
know just in case anyone judging very
very big yep I look tired
I'm alright it's fine usually when I
looked at I don't usually wear a white
shirt those that wear a blue person like
that just try and take the the paleness
effect away but you know what I like it
it looks fresh as a motherfucker so who
cares I love the white focus Betsy I
went for the normal skinny tie look I
usually do just because I thought the
Platts I look too big on me so I have a
small head small tied smart big head big
dot small head smart eye
that is the first time I polish my shoes
since I've worked at McDonald's yeah
look at them bad boys next and because
we're going to say a second ago about
like not having a watch and feeling like
naked to the world what did Tim do Oh
hooked me up with a Breitling for the
day yes look at you
d guy you're looking great not these
girls know what are you talking about
fuck you yeah fuck you look at that ass
oh yeah mmm
I got a blazer and my jacket
this is this is just how we do it's just
all we do you bear well go bail lost
bear rule if you're looking nice and
fenced it looking nice defense
Oh looking nice offense and then there's
guy no you look great
good boy Khao SOI good boy Adi that is
open in 1711 nice I don't know where
we're going in this way or that way or
what way entrance for box owners and
their guests are on five restaurant
which is must have been bagged and
tagged
so fancy fancy I've got thank you sorry
really all because it is really over oh
my god me
it's modern as anything when did the
refurbish it I'm loving it okay nice
welcome to our Scott welcome my friend
but a truck mate that's wrong bad get
fucked in fuck off this is absolutely
all the way down all the way kids cheers
hey eyes eyes yes okay the princess
countryside fun racing weekend and
Christmas shopping fair wait I don't
know what I was supposed to read but
this is what I need to pay attention to
okay so what I'm looking for here is
someone's name that pops out at me for
me to that one I don't really care about
the odds I just care about the name none
of these horses have horses names that
impress me like take to heart Polly Dora
Bob perfect harmony but all I'm going
for is this guy because he's called Tom
I'm caught on it's the first race of the
day and he's gonna come in first so I
think I've got hundred quid on Tom and
what's his odds what the odds change
throughout the day to start Tommy she's
nickname watch this he's gonna win we're
put hundred quid on I'm gonna win about
80 grand maybe 80 quid
know what this is ladies and gentlemen
welcome to Ascot look at this this is
like the best apparently this is the
best place to watch ass conference
unless you put some reason up there look
at this look at this oh my goodness me
awesome but there's nobody there's
literally nobody here if it went here
really early oh this is a dead race
sorry I was going to teach how to place
bets how to not place a bet on a horse
101 you've got all these bright star
rating basically means five stars that
the horse is most likely gonna win
second two stars means like don't like
it's a win but than are out of the race
one stars like just don't even bet your
money on it I'm going ahead I'm betting
on my bike Tom Tom I'm not too sure what
is odds are right now I don't even know
where you find out what the odds are cuz
we've all got this app downloaded I
still don't know the odds but my boy
Tommy dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
dumb dumb
he's wait is 12 compared to everyone
else actually quite a fat bastard
everyone else is 10 so whatever but I
mean about on Tom because he's called
Tom lost in 1936 partnership breeder
Hubert in the pay past age five it's
always kind of an older horse or I don't
know about that I hope his odds are
eighty to one
dawn 1337 bet on every single race I've
done 137 137 one three seven one three
seven one three because there's no seven
137 I'm about to win
132 thousand three hundred thirty seven
pounds if I did I'd be a genius taking a
risk in the gaming community I hope this
comes in Oh
oh they're gonna be out my accumulator
in this first batboy
hey I believed in 1337 I thought it
would win if not she happens well I can
see the horses the raw out there having
a little bit but wander I'm an ambulance
chased them around the Jolly OSHA so see
it can get pretty dangerous County yeah
get trampled by a horse or something oh
you miss become round there and they
finish I don't think anyone's forward
yet so that's a that's a positive
coordinates wait did they just
completely missed that jump the walls
you can do this come on okay you can do
it number one you need to get gone
don't worry as long as number one gets
three we're good we're good bye we are
good in the hood so we are we know the
first security even the accumulator are
you in
you know when the guy fell off the horse
and I was like yes that means number one
number three number seven got more of a
chance of winning yeah I had a hundred
pound on the guy fell off yeah I messed
up well done tom mate I believed in you
and everything but and I cheered for you
shit when you fell if you're all sorry
about that so I was gonna bet on you
again because I think you you're injured
because you fell off I'm gonna leave you
and then I'm gonna go with a favorite so
remind me later okay that looks
interesting this looks absolutely
delicious and I think we've we've all
you and me made a good decision mate
kind of yeah great minds think alike the
rest of you pigeon pigeon they shot that
today they shot it off the top of the
bill didn't cooked it mines fresh the
cart actually something number three's
leading number three is leading I mean
we need we need number one in but three
under mixers moved up give me give me
three letters printed on number seven to
come in oh my god it works actually
works yes gone you that oh my kind of
look you can zoom in as well going you
slags you can do it I need one three or
seven to win and we are ends of money
how to take yourself before no one last
race so my accumulator is still winning
which is great but the problem is the
horse that about one with number nine
and he lost so I lost hundred pounds
very nice so far Timothy thank you for
the invite
next up we have got a lovely course of
tape prawn and vegetables
Tim's out to one so I lost him too quick
6 ok second but number three I'm still
in the accumulator very cold but the guy
who owns the horse just won 20 grand up
that race holy shit we found him in his
school book he got to write something
let me show you what you wrote
if I could be a youtuber I'd be
syndicate because he gives to charity
and he is a youtuber legend
what a lot it's doesn't happen all the
time dude you oughta give a shout out
nice actually
you're the homie you know as cool as him
but you know it is what it is
shout out to your face yeah we're inside
right now and oh my lord look how big
this place is
all fancy hats or fancy dinners this
place is legit
I've got to make sure I come here once
here because this place is super cool
oh I already to mean Tebow yes
absolutely good number three was winning
the entire a round got exhausted number
seven one but however my accumulator
means I've worn one three seven came in
again oh yeah so it turns out the
accumulator is not as fun as it thinks
you can fucking is yeah oh boy you just
get three guesses per fucking race Oh as
if I'm not losing enough money already
on the app I've bet in real life I'm now
betting against you guys and I'm a drink
I can't choose you bought a luckily we
did a random drawer of scrub paper look
at that number three came in again
number three is clearly my lucky number
I actually think it is to be honest and
23 is my 23rd birthday it's the same
what is happening Tim Laila what's
happening Tim what now don't say that
Tim don't say that ten to five number
three
no it was not was it number three wait
Tim I must still n I'm out
did you win you don't be sad you
purposely invaded by platters all I have
to do is come first third or 7:00
first third and seven and I went on the
accumulator oh sorry
yep I see I see what you come at night I
see what you said the first third or
seventh past needs to come first second
food a hospital one horse number three
in house number seven it has to come
first second third if it does if one
three and seven win first second or
third I'm a rich man
not really but also I've got this this
accumulated in my pocket which is like a
lucky dip you pay for I've not actually
checked it I could have been out
straightaway on the first race but I
refuse to open it till the end so there
might be Swift sat on a sweet 1.1
million by the way exciting times we
need one three or seven all my numbers
at the Box one three and seven the last
three horses at one three and seven
are you joking me the first of a two so
Valentino second of an eighth
photo-finish for third place first of a
two second number eights photo finish
for third place
Mike spanked my mum I lost our cabins no
Tim
did you win you on the accumulator you
fucking slag
no no GG I cannot believe where's my
ticket I'm sorry to blow you away
I honestly cannot believe 1 3 & 7 came
top three top three top three top three
top three I don't know last race became
bottom straight all of them you win or
not know was a picture finish I'm so
sorry man
how do you think I feel oh my god I
can't believe that the very last minute
the very last race the very last race
all I need is one three and seven - with
what how much did you win how much did
you bet
no you did not okay okay so there is one
more race one more race and I have won
there and I need someone called
malachite to win and the way thing is
when we were going through the bet sheet
I said malachite is my favorite name for
a horse and it's so out of this I have
one ticket and we need malachite to win
then the gut and the guy said if you win
this I'm gonna come over and give you a
big kiss now one fucking nothing I have
a water money down from this horse
racing but you know what
why don't you get one this guy is our
advisor and just said that Malachi is
going to win if Malachi wins an apparent
no I went I don't know how much
apparently had it I still don't get how
horses work but yeah I'm cool oh my god
this is amazing this is a red velvet red
velvet with wall boom I could just did
and you know what what would you
consider that a big blue brute really
big news looking for the horses running
in first place
he's currently made no money from his
office so it's really hoping he can make
something happen
his wife was made a whopping under 90
pounds
jim has made nothing what's up he won't
give it you he's gone
don't you laugh I have you today hey how
much have you won how much have you won
ten you put it all in yeah on which
number Molokai yeah No
foni yeah I don't want to buy what did
that mean thank God thank God I didn't
win any money then hi my name's Tim
okay
one
and I want eternal she lost 47 Queen my
name is Tom and I lost 1450 faster today
but last but not least to me may the
bald spot curse you forever already got
that one I'm proud to say I didn't lose
any weight but I lost a lot of money
time we love you sir wait what oh I
thought it said my uber driver cancel
you says he's arrived
Sam come back we loved you before I
don't even know some is these guys just
keep showing some so I'm showing time
Sam Conner has it been a good day yeah
damn right it has goddamn Ascott you've
been amazing
oh you lucky snag oh my God look at this
one I've Scott has been incredible Lydia
over here Tom you we speak for Tom hey
young man you mad man who's mad man
young man Leila's coming with us and my
wife's where is my wife where she
belongs
you slag she didn't win me any money at
all in fact she lost me 40 pounds so we
thought I lost 1500 pounds was one of
the greatest DJs ever you know what he
let us do it let me blast my tunes let
me step into the light let me play my
music as loud as that one and you know
what we had a bit there name a bit a bit
a bit of dizzy rash no we didn't that's
piece of shit in it joking it is only
what time is it it's 5 o'clock at night
mate do you don't think he's like 9
o'clock in the afternoon
no sure thing is like Nana clogged guy
guys gone guys so dressed
and guy guy just wants to cinderella's
it's an Eminem mockingbird
I love this dog I know the curious thing
you ever see
heaven man did not just melt your ha
okay I just love this dog
I'm obsessed with it I'm freedom it's
okay you're okay
we like you both we don't love you okay
we like you but we don't know it's okay
okay okay
why
so much happens
charging my phone is charging I can't go
regret we die we ride together we die
empower yourself go for it go up honor
and power yourself wait what did you say
you plan all my buddies so you little
slag I know
you watching my blog man in the
thumbnail thanks for that Tom thanks for
that one it's okay you are movement ugly
in the during 11:00 Saturday night and
live a full moon you do biggle god damn
poppy excuse me if that's drugs I want
nothing to do with it she is a fucking
tissue you see yes yes look at them big
leaves the cilantro in the middle yes
well you get like a plane to give you
them that was a bloody lovely restaurant
a very nice meal I have to admit though
I'm kind of bloody shocked and I think
me and Tim were the same kind of shocked
can you believe it's only half past 9:00
Oh fucking hell away we walked into that
restaurant no joke I thought we were
going into a takeaway because I thought
it was like one o'clock in the morning
so now it was like a toe cut when we
went in but even when we were leaving I
still thought it was three o'clock in
the morning it turned out no nine
o'clock at night what happened I woke up
this morning and a brew walked round his
gorgeous garden contemplated life and
shit 12 hours later oh hey I need to get
my shit together do this more often
but al-majid up in 12 hours in a day
it's fucking lovely it's okay
why are you licking me do I smell like
food oh my god
world's cutest dog a word but oh yeah
let me show you let me show you with
these socks introducing the brand new
fashion accessory for a women fluffy
shoes and Christmas socks
just went to a restaurant an ad like
that that is why I love you thank you oh
boy
I made a friend I made their dog you
Fred a new douji you live do you can
look at him can I just say that your
doggy is the best kind of dog
and for the record my mom's oh my God
look at him
my mom says she wants one now that
you've fallen asleep on me twice and you
know who else is falling asleep on me as
well well it's okay daddy
I got alright daddy it's okay it's okay
to do that on your blog thank you for an
amazing day and is that your legend tell
you thank you for having us thanks
having your house we love you
welcome to how not to wear your shoes
one on one
I've got apparently the world's longest
iPhone cable here to charge my phone and
I'm hoping that by the time I get to
this house all the way down this path
around the corner we've got the key to
getting at the same time
okay well seen as though I can't see
with you I'm assuming we can get in the
house oh wow world's smallest line can I
kill me to end this vlog here so thank
you very much this is one of the longest
days of ever had in my life and probably
one of the longest blogs I have to admit
that look my phone but she's been down
all day so a majority of the time since
we got back from the Hawthorne has been
doing nothing but just charging so
therefore I've not bogged a lot just
because my phone but she was like dead
so I just didn't which I just left it
and it never really charged so I could
spend on guys I'll go to sleep I'm
absolutely exhausted thank you for
watching you particularly you thank you
I appreciate you you know who you are
you person of the universe thanks
watching makes you leave a like rate
subscribe
ding down that notification bell I'm
sorry I didn't one of the horses would
have been amazing event why do I look so
terrifying why is this bald patch just
going nowhere a little it can't wait to
shave just so I can shave
this and this so it's just a bid or at
least a clean together to come out of
pubes just to my chin rather than a
patchy mess so it is one of this thank
you for watching I love you guys I'll
see you tomorrow make sure for me on
Twitter at pros and you can make sure
for my Instagram syndicate and I'll see
you guys then
for the next a live look so until then
folks watching all of your guys faces
I've exhausted the wife waved goodbye
she's in the bathroom Papa Papa she
looks like a ghost over there and I'll
see you guys tomorrow I can't see just
look what the floating head with legs I
don't see you guys tomorrow so much love
