it's a new day and your boy has woken up
with the most snotty nose ever
oh and no I didn't dip my hand in brown
paint I dipped it in henna which looks
good from here but then I ruined here by
smudging it either way we're gonna be
going to the Magic Kingdom today and
what are we doing at the start of the
day we're going to go and be guests at a
castle and have breakfast but we feel we
do anything what are you do order and we
need a job overtime to Magic Kingdom
already thank you sir okay well we got
an uber to the front of Magic Kingdom in
the attempt it would be quicker it
brought us to the monorail line which is
very long and we need to be there when
hmm I've been a professional so far but
I'm not sure about this one screw you
mum rail we're gonna get the fairy boot
close yet so far yeah Admiral Joe Fowler
absolutely totally didn't lose the park
tickets again here's the second one I
don't know we've made it to magical
kingdom where it's now fall season which
is coming out to be rich so these
pumpkins everywhere don't trust you two
navigators no not in the slightest no
not at all no but I got your present oh
it's your first visit check out your
badge see oh she's getting all excited
there's the castle
exploitation 101 wait what
it is what magical Python uh come of it
how it just helped you up hola I want to
live in it like a prin bad way other
stuff he's got built in a sixties us
sorry seven hours later made it to be
our guest where we're going to be eating
with the Beast I'm about to zoom into
some guy's shoes and I have never seen
shoes like this in my life
what like high heels for men but it's
Springs what he's worked oh that is so
nice
while my AC is good heavenly whoever
invented AC you're a god it's really a
special grace don't know we're dining at
the beasts castle for breakfast I have a
turkey sandwich on the way I don't come
blows away I'm starving
I knew it every day we woke up and had a
feast of life pancake waffles bacon has
been amazing past two days you've not
been eating breakfast so I think that's
how they could track where you are and
bring the food to the table but welcome
I know it's out road but then welcome to
the ballroom so gosh damn glamorous okay
this is the room wearing but then
there's this room which is all like
ripped and torn apart if you go this way
Ty Lee of the room with a little light
dancing in the middle ok this room's not
as nice ball oh my gosh s price is huge
and I like that there's just like little
babies on the ceilings like oh dude this
guy's having a field day and the sour
food has arrived I think honest to god
this is like a tracking thing and
sensors on the table where you are
because the food just magically got
brought to us some fries and turkey
sandwich dear America I'm British and to
all the people around the world what the
heck is going on with this factor
because it looks like it's got
radioactive waste in it doesn't it right
that is the most orange fat wait let me
turn the light on so you can say fringe
orange drink I've ever seen in my life
Cheers tastes just like I thought
sugar sure the sandwich was nice the
fries were nice but you know just nice
french onion soup I destroyed that and I
kind of liked it to be honest I'm not
actually in this yet but overall I know
I've just said it was nice I'd give it a
4 or did you give it yeah because of all
the experience we've had so far we
expected soon as though this is like you
know I eat in a castle and so forth but
Olivia said we were expecting like like
characters walking around going to start
but why like table service because it's
very supposed to be like the fanciest
place so people are just walking around
with these big trays like full of things
and it just kind of feels like
rushed like the moment you walk in the
door it's like what you want to eat like
you have to decide there and then it's
like I don't know I want to sit down and
look at menus like oh you've got water
here you've got on here then sit down at
the table it gets brought here you eat
and then you leave so not very magical
Disney and just saying now to try
anubias I know right I'm really trying
to pick this up but it just keeps
falling right so half mine disappeared
already i couldnt get it out the bottom
of the bun
it was dead soggy and wet but time to
try luminaires Lumiere's Greyston well
this is the soggiest cupcake I've ever
eaten in my life
I think water literally coming out of
there disappointed behind the scenes of
Instagram so magical
hello everyone some people try to take
advise but yeah this is a this cupcake
was just a disaster
Gaston's tavernas so I don't know I just
think he's really funny like is a dick
obviously employers just a really funny
character the perfect way to let your
food setup
sit on a club and rotate around watching
The Little Mermaid the end in the world
occurred but these things become alive
and kill terrifying no no no dodo dodo
that's terrifying
I love it it's such a cool character
trucker find out how okay
fairy tale step aside now time for Space
Mountain 45 minute wait no no no no fast
pass I have no idea how this is gonna go
Oh oh my god this is so wavy to the
front of this ride actually I wasn't
that good was it yeah you just you can't
see anything
we're having so much fun I couldn't see
anything in your fallen asleep on the
Viper Island I'd like to say that was
like a good ride no I wouldn't know
I really wouldn't that was such a boring
ride and you just couldn't see anything
but it was just a dark room and you
getting jolted around it you might as
well close your eyes I'm as well just
shook no thanks anywho we have a next
Express Pass at Paris Oh Fabian no don't
worry buzz we got this okay this would
be the decider
you wouldn't men in black I win toy
storage so it's 1 1 on the shoe on Degas
so time for Buzz Lightyear space cruiser
and we're gonna throw down you're going
down basically all you've got to do is
fire light phrasing are you voting or
hundred points or the head what's
alright guys go get it mate
can you stop turning I'd like to fire
them
the Z shoe disease a gathering up
through your pipes I'm not to
concentrate advice the thing about this
ride is you can move this so she can't
shoot so I guess yeah I can like spin it
up out of her direction that's great
yeah but no this is a closed school
don't you worry buzz even though you're
absolutely terrifying I got oh I just
jumped I killed sir I'll thank you fine
I killed Dirk and because I killed sir
I got 60,000 she only got 29 thank you
party we like we like to party we like
to party that's okay so I am now crowd
the champion the champion of the
shooting games it's 2 1 boom as you can
tell we were really really into that is
right what Oh what because of the nerve
water slides my entire life has led me
to this moment right now Pirates of the
Caribbean fast past entrance I'm almost
sure that's supposed to be a face to the
other just because that has lots of
people screaming
that's just scary discounts to be kept
in fire sponsors of the Black Pearl
however that does a lot of black both
the same
Oh trying to get the key up sadoglu just
like that Captain Jack to all the gold
but I'm pretty sure that's the end of
the ride yeah I couldn't remember doing
this last time and I could definitely
say wasn't worth it yes please yes
indeed wash mallet is broken so we're
gonna go on Big Thunder railroad no it's
right Kyle I read that wrong
wenting on Big Thunder Mountain Railroad
boom has it got it says it right blow
okay I've been saying heat off Byron not
firing explosion effect I don't think we
got the budget for explosion effects but
Byron if you can make it can't wait see
what you did okay okay Byron hopefully
you do have an explosion effect okay
tragic okay ready go go go well winner
well winner well went well went well win
Byron explosion here fire explosion then
fire explosion that okay we definitely
went over budget for this boy definitely
oh by the way I'm not actually this way
I put my face under water I need to say
that you fucked her boots if you're not
gonna read serene well huh oh okay by
going out what's this called Thunder
Mountain generates ready back it was
just a spinning thing but when you spin
it right
there's nothing I've done I don't know
you can see it looks pity we can't see
on camera that one was like a routing
bandha then that one was a holic scallop
it alright
twenty minutes later we're on we need a
ride to wake us off and please save my
husband so hard
you can tell it's coming to our last day
a holiday fashion just exhausted I know
alright I'm ready
roller coaster wait people
I know it supposed to be an old dude
okay that was dizzy that's a lot of
leaning left right not lately
I'm not afraid
I know what character quiet calm right
I'm gonna just watch the bleeding leave
Leave leave
Byron explosion pour out then crowd once
you've been on the whole there's really
no going back like you've had to peek
their universes I know this is supposed
to be for the magical experience but
explosion that broken that's really
broken not working right then we can go
on the train up there and take a wee for
the part in street of the imagination
and we've got our own hometown hero Alex
right there what do we always say
teamwork
we can do this that's probably like an
entire boxes here
we're not buying this we should probably
stop smelling it hmm all right
wadn't it's like you've got a strange
texture to it nothing beats a fedora
m'lady do you think I could pull off
Nora yes is the right answer
m'lady if we're are in this race
Manchester just like I'm gonna steal
your children okay
somebody my own
just so chill that right on it
ah
if I ever throw a like a house buy like
fossil I wants template and doing like I
wanted something to also say
that is so incredibly talented oh the
wonderful day
fancy a sense and I don't know the rest
of the words I wish I know the words
because I would actually sing it
otherwise it's just gonna be brutal
sorry
oh fuck oh he's terrifying
amazing absolutely amazing
the damper down yes this one of this one
they just weird I've not got a big head
girls get these like really cool ears
and stuff and guys just get this feel
special
oh hell don't I just can't pull it off
as much as I want to try I just give it
yeah you know you look good and cute
those are the ways but I just look like
a creep we got our typical input and the
castle on a back oh they're all going
into the castle ah awesome the Sun went
behind some clouds for like two hours
and it was actually Bear ibly nice but
now so magic oh my god no no nope this
used to be the most magical place on
earth you just melt meanwhile Lydia's
having a field day just enjoy well
you're enjoying this god
this guy needs to melt already it's got
even worse
Elsa turned up great
I could do for some cold right now I'll
take some cold yep please I'll take some
cool right about now
what is he doing Oh salt bomb and a half
haha same fireworks up in the daytime my
god
it is with deepest pride and greatest
pleasure for you tonight
and now the dining room proudly presents
your dinner be guest be our guest put
our service to the test
Oh
oh it's splashmore or resolved
a new Fantastic point of
to tell us see
whoo did you really go to a park if you
didn't get a carousel not at all
why don't we think of this sooner
there's a woman I'll be fine
I'm winning death or we could maybe wait
how they use quite neck-and-neck
picture-picture finish to say the least
oh the breeze is so dice oh this is good
it's just magical it's just so bloody
magical so which part does it fly off
into the sky that I might not bad yeah I
like that bit as well
MARY POPPINS please oh by the way my
hand is looking pretty good taste it
still really really die like major dark
good we're flying over Big Ben
aka London wow you can't see absolutely
anything but we are because we're Peter
Pan we even know is that I don't think
you can see the first home bridge right
this fire and brightness the nastic
crocodile oh let's feed a bloody pan
mate is that there's it's me actually
good you made it into the haunted house
what happened nothing I like how we're
supposed to be like immersed in a scary
house meanwhile I'm on my phone trying
to apply for an emergency passport so
this goes
I'm writing saying that the right has
broken I just don't know if you can see
on camera though it's like ghosts down
there
difficult to tell it's so weird to the
human eye jumps up or that's party but
every wanna call it that's balls did you
really dude isn't it if you didn't go by
aka the one and only teacups did we
decide to go on this last oh no this was
a good decision
so the headache yeah the headache that I
get I'm already dizzy I'm joking I'm
trying to focus on just you but no
Buster Buster Buster was supposed to
Buster oh yeah okay this is what I
showed you that before I got the ride
but I ran warning beforehand oh my god
I'm so dizzy my mind is just going to
pull our jobs away from you stop it
we've been saying waiting for the door
to open
you can make this up me Olivia
went to the same school right same high
school I'm so sorry I thought on that
photo so then but we would just walk it
along and I was looking at the side of
this guy's face and I was like looking
at it and look at it and look it and I
was like I just where it's gonna know
this person long before it was someone
we went on we got on the same school bus
with every day five five years a guy of
the year above us know what small woo
it's a small world
yeah gady with all these storefronts
look at them look at looking found the
hidden Starbucks this is the Starbucks
look it doesn't like advertise it as
anything like it is a Starbucks it's
just a bakery and then there's the
hidden symbol and I could actually kill
for Starbucks right now but I'm not
gonna get one because we're going to a
cake sink look at it so magical and
apparently we're here is it this is it
we're going to the dessert pie and
that's not air so it may be up here
Tomorrowland Terrace just
no one seems comfortable Jose Jose
excuse me I've stepped up my pin game
thank you so much oh I've got a
flip-flop ease okay this is an
all-you-can-eat buffet what is it what
is it no it's not oh my god oh I wasn't
actually gonna eat it off the deck we
got red velvet cupcakes we've got all
sorts but I took grapes cheeseburger no
joke look look-look-look-look
cheeseburger egg rolls red velvet
cupcakes forgot what that's called
cheese and grapes yes yes yes I'm gonna
try a cheeseburger spring roll oh yeah
yeah popper burger me in there or you
can drink hot cocoa you better know you
better know this is happening right now
hold you oh yeah if you don't drink hot
cocoa
aww in the UK hot chocolate okay now
this is good decorating station you get
to pick the cupcake and put whatever you
want on it I'm a fan I just started to
be really lazy after all the cakes were
just there and this was yeah this was
supposed to be like a garden party thing
where you can like sit down and lay down
and watch the fireworks for these cranks
didn't get the memo
not you gig not oh great yeah but best
garden party ever
wow so big so impressive what it's so
basic clear now these two cranks are
going off we're all gonna have to stand
up so
goddamnit that was a clear view - thanks
yeah nice God equips time for the most
magical thing on the world oh sure I
know the most magical thing in the world
is a condition you can't deny nice an
amazing oh wow look at it they
completely change the core of the castle
bus amazing wow this is absolutely
amazing hey what's this one I don't know
- look at the fireworks at the castle
amazing
that's the most amazing thing I've ever
seen it just transforms the twice
stories
simple bad assessing
Oh
my god
what oh my gosh
imagine that where you go to be think
about Howie
amazing invasion budget oh well that I
can't believe it that I can't bloody
breathe
Oh mom this is it it's the goodbye of
the most magical place on earth I've got
such a great time honestly thank you we
got a good time you know have you had a
good time right it's been so magical
can't thank you enough
honestly for starting things out B of
you get thanks well I appreciate it
appreciate you but thank you for signing
out and fantastic into legend
take that back worst experience of my
life bestest holiday ruined ever but no
it's been amazing that looked at me just
walking away from the castle with the
squad I've had such a good time
honestly I don't feel like I've ever
done any theme part in my entire life so
well as well as we've done every single
one right unbelievable today the only
way for us to say we were to smash this
one is if we could have done oh no as a
restaurant that doesn't know where the
waterslide the waterslide one but it's
been closed all day so that was not our
fault but amazing absolutely amazing we
have a bit of an issue you know I've
always said like I don't understand the
whole pin collecting thing while saying
there's no dog gave me one the other day
in the blog which was so kind of him and
B and Jose I don't really buy even
children applaud I think in it they
bought me some quickly puppies well I'm
now gonna start collecting them and I'm
getting a lot so I've got a little
little tassel to put on that's the spot
I got a 1-yard spot one and I've picked
out a load ah these are the good ones
I think I've got good taste mate I've
got really good taste I just need one
more pin that's like a 20-18 pin or
something boy oh I could actually get
like that dead men tell no tales that's
actually quite a good one other pirates
that Caribbean one boy I feel like
that's like sort of enough if you've
seen the film then you understand what
that is just need one more
I need a 20-18 just kind of fine all
right all right these are the ones I got
this is us they've Mickey I absolutely
love him so this is like this where it
starts I started in the US then I got
okay I want to say it squirt a Nemo yeah
yeah that's called crush right all right
then I got had to wait to go along with
my other flip-flops you know figure it
out oh they're so good yeah Wally put
blocks
that's so good I like I've got a Wally
collection it's hard to get an actual
wall in LA and then I've got one more
and then I had to get Jeanie and last
but not least dead men tell no tales
take em all up I'm gonna put them all on
this yeah I'm gonna put them all on this
and stop my collection should have cost
me $9 Oh
cost me 60 look at that Jeanne barley
barley fighting Nouveau sandals
flip-flops homies oh yeah I love it
teamwork that's not both this is where
Jose works it works in this building and
apparently there's a thing we called a
kin book so companies in this how many's
in this I don't know just random every
day yeah so how does it work like do I
say can I trade for that one can you
take one of mine and just put it back in
oh really under no circumstances am i
trading any of these mm-hmm I saw that
book and I was like hell no basic ass
bitch pins these handpicked by me very
proud
now time for some action this is the
last hotel I stayed ah this is it this
is the contemporary and I must say the
price of the contemporary hotel compared
to the one we're at this is not nearly
double if not triple and like some of
these features might be nice is to put
na me that the hotel this one we're
staying at is so much nicer than this
one yeah you're a little ya know this
this entire yeah this entire hotel is
like just purely convenient because it's
like a three minute walk to the main
park so just saying
Oh probably start this I found my pins
Oh Oh
rantings oh that's a big pin oh my gosh
these actually rare pins
oh okay okay okay okay
the time has come goodbye forever
the actual doors work now Wow the entire
time we've been here the hotel has been
broken
but now our hotel actually has an
entrance what
wait we have there's a shop the heck we
don't even know about this
this whole thing was under like
reconstruction I like a new paint job or
someone that lose a freaking shop I
think I can see pins ah May this is
gonna be coming this expensive addiction
anyway because that said guys I'm gonna
have to end today's vlog here like I'm
so goddamn tired and it's only like ten
o'clock I've had an amazing trip here
but things are gonna have to come to an
end but it might not be the end of the
chaos over the next adventure because
the next adventure is gonna be will tom
bill to get his passport side by
tomorrow I actually sent off for an
application for an emergency form and
the emergency farm oh my god I needed a
badge that said 2018 on it I told you
expensive addiction but like I saying
I've sent off and it cost me 100 pounds
to get an emergency travel document an
emergency travel document to get me home
from Florida to England now it would be
obviously more hard working I was trying
to get into America's those you'd like
know what screw you but because I'm in
their country I need to get back to my
country I'm hoping it might be a bit
more like oh yeah of course we'll try
our best to get you back so I've paid
100 pounds for this document I have to
ring up at 9 a.m. tomorrow to try and
get it and just hope and pray that I
don't have to go to the embassy in Miami
which is like a five hour drive away or
something like that so it could be a
living nightmare and I might end up
having to miss my flight tomorrow so
we're just gonna have to see how things
go
hopefully they can get me the document
and you'll find out tomorrow more about
it so if Byron you want rescuing I'm
gonna have to get home first so before
we do anything I'm gonna love you oh my
god this can't keep happening a grape
soda badge or me this addiction is
really expensive poor guys honestly
we'll just see how tomorrow goes I'm I'm
I'm feeling confident just because you
know I've got that positive outlook on
life but at the same time this could be
one of those things that is just a major
drumman goof and we're just gonna try
and wing it so thanks watching make sure
you leave a like rain subscribe if you
are new around it make a youtube account
click the subscribe button and you'll
see a little bell appear ding dong that
notification bell and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish for the next
daily vlog and hopefully with my day of
traveling tomorrow there shouldn't be a
major mix-up with time too
he's all missing a vlogger or anything
like that if there is it's cuz I was
flying and I couldn't get the clip sent
to Baron so Baron once again you have
been a saint I mean like an actual Saint
from like oh yeah a fingerless saying
you have honestly saved my goddamn life
editing these vlogs also been I've been
out to enjoy this holiday so much so
dude thank you so much I love you I'm
gonna leave you Alice adios
