welcome to a magical day where we're
going to the magical kingdom now I have
to stop everything we're not we're not
we're not going to magic will going to
the animal kingdom but what's magical
about today is this over
she's got the hairiest of try it try and
transport transport her out around first
she's got Harry I'm Vichy she's like
please don't film it today ah gah team
so Lydia's got really heavy today but we
are going to we're going we're going to
the Bears magical kingdom Animal Kingdom
boss okay it just said boss but it
doesn't say what time I don't know where
it's the same bus as this one or what I
don't know basically were getting on
that okay whoa wait whoa don't touch me
with those sharp edges under your humph
it was really awkward he's like three
benches one here one there and then one
over there and this one big dude big
dude was taking up the entire bench I
was like hey can you move up so we can
sit down he was like unwilling to do it
but he did it like in a bit of a whole
flock yeah moved over and by going there
moving over he spilled his coffee on the
floor we've made an enemy for the next
20 minutes on the bus chilling I got on
the wrong bus well
well sure I lived on the wrong bus thank
goodness one of the on runs like one of
junctions to get on the boat away by the
highway was closed like there was I fire
trucks there like some of these buses
will fire to lose clear like some sort
of accident or everyone was okay well
thank God that happened because if we
would have got on the highway into
coming up and carried on we would have
been stuck on the bus for like half an
hour driving down a highway for 20 miles
boom vegetable we are not going
snowboarding we are indeed going to this
one animal kingdom where oh my gosh is
it is it is it really hot it's really
hot
why did you all tweet me saying Ana's
gonna be a hurricane is gonna be a
hurricane you bullshit complete lie is
sweltering my tux off do you brought
bags you delayed your time we're gonna
get on the rides quicker because look we
walk straighter always said you're a
keeper that's what he said Animal
Kingdom that is the closest we're gonna
get to avatar for that like avatar fight
or something
is the longest ride in life Disney
history and I have another map so let's
do this this tree sidewalk it stayed
still again you know I thought was about
to stop yeah I know it's a person that
he's crazy she walked out of the bushes
though I thought a tree was falling over
but she gonna go for a stroll oh she
bought her straw that is sick that is so
sick oh my gosh who thought the tree was
falling down seriously I was like oh
there's no way that's real that moves
way too weird
what do you think really really really
okay the one on the left foot trees I
want to ride looks like a robot all it's
doing movies mouth right she's on the
same page that's a big-ass tree that's a
big-ass tree right there oh that's
definitely don't we talking about why
why don't you even question that I still
like he's a power that was clearly
breathing nice
pretty cool we're going onto a but wait
it's got to be a book oh well oh yeah
big monkey face yes Oh alligator or
crocodile sorry I don't want one that is
dog with his hand and we're making our
way inside this was supposed to take 20
minutes to get to it's 4:00
yeah we were pretty proud of this who
avoided all the queue up there and we've
made our way straight to the front door
Oh what we are showing yeah I know yeah
we may be laughing too soon right now we
were stuck on the end we got up walked
round okay this is called tough to be a
pro get sir it's for it for the
experience
sorry
that was their way the chair light has
got sticks that stick into your back and
like creepy crawlers and everything that
was so much good Oh a great potential
you know I got I do this opes like my
favorite Disney film actually Disney
film favorite is the time between wallet
and come on I should have expected that
I should have seen this one coming and
watch closely because we leaves my
auntie is pretty fast what do you say
buddy your friend Bradley's right on the
other end there but
much been in the desert is now clear see
you later buddy
I love this huge fight over this little
show that
Oh
now that needs me inside it okay
full-blown stage yes yes yes yes yes yes
this is like me on the bed today
I don't know the words
worried
Oh
oh go on my that's so sick
Oh
Wow
this is sick this is so much better than
yesterday's fine
you could say things and here you go
it's going to definitely burn himself in
his okay
this was a winner oh sorry she's wait
for us
all-you-can-eat buffet yes okay this is
what I'm talking about and there's like
Mickey oh look look it's under the
character hotel but it's one of the
character cafes so they like walk around
and smile with you and stuff that's so
cool I hey my guy are you having a
magical cocktail a magical cocktail well
duh okay so it turns out we punish
pretty sick as well as far as I'm aware
we've managed it was like an hour wait
to get in here but we went on like The
Fast Pass thing to like book it so I
can't take any credit because it was all
this one right here where my booked it
20 minute wait rather than an hour
boom the woman at the front desk was
like that's impossible kind of happened
should never happen and guess what
worried yes so all you can eat buffet
then when we come out of here what we
got and not getting wet because you have
your passport no no
all your efforts as well I'm gonna do
another write this one I think of
queuing we do but yeah playing that
heads-up getting you guys to talk about
in the essays before we are good at
passing time in the food are you gonna
do that like what you looking at
wait what we good at passing fad stop it
we're good at passing times bought what
we have more important is we have one
fast pass left so I'm gonna be
refreshing throughout the day to try and
see if the year the Avatar flights which
is an 85 minute wave becomes available
to hear everyone said it's that good so
we have to do it but if somehow it comes
available sooner we'll pork into it when
we sighs so another successful back so
far let's just hope no shows get
canceled by the end of the day or
anything like that I'll just see how it
goes is it Mickey
Thank You oh my gosh we got health kind
of health some more health okay this is
starting to look a bit this stance look
a bit more interesting okay because
we're gravely vegetables you know I
Khloe what cookery is I'm not to read on
this book
you guys me curry we got some more kind
of hell is this macaroni and cheese and
mint mini corndogs
yes wit mush tails yes chicken yes we
got some pork salmon and I like it and
then pigeon Oh pigeon peas oh my god
flavors actually Virginia shit I did not
mess around we came to this buffet dogs
chicken curry coconut shrimp curry mac
and cheese sweet corn rice boom and I
know this is the dessert section book I
kind of want to take some with me what
we got banana bread pudding nice
zebra coffee cake right now a cat resist
I cannot resist I'm taking one oh it's
soft
and now we feast bloody ducks overtaking
a duck over their feast of champions and
I've got a cocktail on the way mini corn
dog that's good I have to say this right
now
I've never been to a theme park in my
life is some before and done it so well
Cheers the dream team work damn right
honestly
well I'm crazy got it strong you know
usually buffet food is absolute trash
the rice on the carry is amazing and the
chicken that's like turn out generally I
know I know it's not like I'm giving
away a lot but I have been so impressed
with the food at Disney so far it's been
amazing
oh yeah and the pendous tree
coconut shrimp I don't like a couple of
good
I don't care about anymore oh yeah okay
well you're the blogger now this is all
your this is your camera down okay I'm
so sorry I just interrupted your hope
I'm hot into a corner can I help you
there yeah that's what I thought but get
of it we're just eating and they all
just paid one two three
I've already seen you've been stalking
me I swear but yo you'll get four oh my
god I can't believe him what he just
turned up always watching
oh nice to meet ya
so a partner playing the clip Lydia
could see what she called Daisy Daisy
was there and I didn't know I thought it
was going for a hog and I was like you
guys sure whatever and that's why it was
moving his head that way so we didn't
hit me with his like his head so I went
for the hook that is the most awkward
thing I think has happened to me in my
life
Byron can we get a replay of the awkward
hug and me going for is it done oh wow
it's not Donald it's Donald yeah I've
seen that Daffy Donald what can we
please get a replay of when I went for
the Hogs and it wasn't LEM for me was
like cringe completion
you left me for five minutes and I found
another one literally another one DFO I
think epic wait what wait wait wait what
okay bye now bye Felicia
Oh problem with all-you-can-eat buffets
are like it's an all-you-can-eat buffet
so it's like amazing you just want to
eat so much so you don't unit that just
must be inconvenient I'm surprised oh
he's now could be around 20 feet tall
we're gonna group they are known as a
tower and they have very keen eyesight
and also fellows well but number one
threat to life is a fiery that's what
I'm saying
like what how old is that tree fake they
have very poor eyesight which is
probably why when it is huge this is
just white right now I hater
WI T now they're on the right some
ostrich a whoa this may be a super
clutch play or a really terrible idea we
just rolled up to the Everest ride and
it was closed down three cars went down
the track and then they've reopened it
we jumped in the front of the cube
pretty goddamn quick for all the people
who had fast past tickets were their way
into the side yeah
so the past hour all just jumped in
front of us so we have no idea how long
we could be waiting so something now for
49 let's see if we've got this pack
thing down to a tee yeah we won't
mention turning up to ride an hour
earlier you booked it the tea company
well this I wonder if these are actually
items from Everest I would not be
surprised if they actually were ready to
meet the Yeti so the whole part of this
ride is by you're going this ride
whatever us but cuz it yet they oak and
apparently they found schools on the
mountain which is complete bogus oh look
a footprint wall like off a dog wait a
minute
we disclose okay assets but let's pray
let's pray
yeah Fast Pass might take forever
did we just skip a one-hour pew by
giving this Wow
- please we are pros pros I just have no
idea right now this is ultimate corpse
toys shout out to Giada new works there
you said he knew me for my videos at
Legends ever around I'm really impressed
right now like actually seriously fest
yeah you know what you said about not
sure how I feel after he's just come out
at maintenance fine you'll agree
Wow
what the truck is broken all the bubbles
I see some we just nailed that with time
to kill literally like time to kill okay
so now to go to the dinosaur lon to try
and do two rides if we can do even one
of them actually if we could do that
then we're going to the river rapids and
we're done Oh God
oh we don't even started fun Dora I
don't know how I feel about I guarantee
I come up this feeling sick come with a
headache because we're about to go back
in way back in time this is just not
25 minute wait to get beat up yeah it
gets a bit screwed I don't got one
not at all turn back so my it's not
worth the wait don't do it bro having
this laddie all on pins of every five
seconds was not help hmm
well like that's never gone I'm like no
I'm like it arms are cube
nice nope no you're so wet nap no not
another MA
are you kidding me the fun way on our
boat was like oh yeah don't wear it you
really don't get wet and I've been on
that before I never I never got wet last
time right on that
yeah you look soaked yeah I've been
pouring a bottle of water over me to
keep me cool and she's just gonna get on
that we got two rides left we don't want
to have to conquer it but we have to and
we have to stand in it 18 minutes 75
minutes
you ready yeah teamwork dreamer nest oh
wait wait wait wait oh yeah oh yeah
was soso what they were doing anything
to get dry and I got a Roman coca-cola I
see
some sort of feed plant in trap Oh like
that I like this look sick this
apparently took like years and years and
years to bill
oh I'm except wow that looks that looks
amazing
now that is straight apart some sort of
magical world there then we're going
that way I'm just make it up as we go
along right now but Wow Wow Wow mate the
attention to detail here is insane I
want to touch it a touched it
aha this is pretty pretty insane amen
Oh 75 minutes both rides Oh May is this
I think this is the line coming out of
it Oh God
now about queuing this long but
apparently it's bad
okay we're still walking oh wow
now that is some next-level realism
Jesus this is magical it's not magical
you right there looks like we've caught
up to where we need to be audio update
we are approaching the crevice and by
crevice I mean this really look dingy
wet looking home that did yeah wow yeah
wow I got much louder at hello okay
everyone looks at me that often I'm just
amazed by how theme parks make it wine
it goes all the way over here it's at
that it's there and the rocks inside and
all over yeah and how many people in
such a small space I wanted to point it
at that with this arm straight up
straight down straight and then oh boy
the ceiling what no that's straight up
by me okay
we've been walking on these trolls like
it's one of its these tunnels go all the
way around like this and it looks like
it's leading into some sort of military
base inside here so we'll find out what
this is
yes okay so we're leaving the cave
system and we're now entering some sort
of security system Mars
and we're currently playing I spy and
the word eh come on it begins with a H
come on there's loads of them okay right
now you can see from where you are -
well that definitely looks like a bullet
hole nope you can see still two of them
along come on come on you can do it
you're staring right at one child begins
with a H how would child be the answer
wait I wonder I wonder if I guess the
password try I tried I tried some sort
of space mounting found found it was hot
how did that take you so long whoa this
one's pretty good
hey my one before was better I said TV
for Tinkerbell and she was looking for
like 20 minutes
asshole oh hey asshole wait really
aah be serious hmm annoying human is it
okay right now in the next stage of
waiting and the room has got spooky
someone has thrown an elastic band over
there in fury how could they do such a
thing through this animal planet for the
record Lydia's was a champion man and
she asked lots of it were things and
sneaky stuff in this lab not too sure
what's going on in the reserve school of
a monster over there are you okay
oh she's sad she said because she's bad
at this game I'm struggling to get them
rough to guess what she's describing I'm
gonna really I'm doing a really good job
at call of duty
Oh what's over there hmm what's that
magnetic stuff that's better cool I like
that a lot
that's such a simple thing it's just
glass with a magnet behind it and then
that like magnetic stuff yeah so simple
but it just it looks so good all of you
bear oh okay that looks mega wind okay
if that's how big they're actually
supposed to be that's crazy
jug talent it looks kind of real right
Oh keys hello
we've still got like another 25 minutes
to go oh you're gonna bang info over the
job Haley's your go-to summer
almost 45 minutes to an hour later we're
almost there good kid
oh you happy now are you happy now we're
doing well together oh my god I'm gonna
fight you shoot papa through butter for
it but I'm with my I was like I'm better
at describing things we will get out of
here we'll do it and believe oh right
okay okay okay okay
is this the ride or is this just another
stalling you ready this is freezing oh
to be fair I've tried oh but where
you're gonna do this is by being matched
to something called an avatar and I'm
here to help you guys get ready
so sick sorry what are you just estimate
do you look good debatable
it's important that you can all see B so
move a little if you can't eat guide
will lead you out you'll experience the
breathtaking beauty of Pandora but you
might also face some of its greatest
challenges some of this flight might be
intense but trust your guide and be
brave obviously can't film this in the
slightest book this looks dope right I
would wait two hours for that it was so
good that was amazing oh my god
everything all your senses were just so
immersed right that was sick oh that's
the most modern thing and just shows how
good it is amazing yeah if you're gonna
come here you have to do it that's how
long we were in there we went in at
daytime we've come out at nighttime look
at it so magical love it we didn't even
check out Pandora check out the robot
from the end by desk yeah yeah
apparently like all closed up and stuff
but like check it out it's super cool I
know you can't see me but it's now as
we've just come out and ninety five
minute q wait oh my god that took
clothes let me check exactly how long
though we went in at 626 and we got on
the ride at 7:56 oh just over an hour
twenty minutes now but did we just nail
both of the
rides Wow so this is the next avatar
ride that said it was 30 minutes and
took us about oh heck yeah it took us
five another park smashed I'm so
impressed with us you make a gluey waqt
for this easy doesn't work on you to
smile or doesn't work as good
Wow
nope is Ammar
this is pretty magical fun
so much
our technology's amazing
I
to feed and uh in real life there we saw
the virtual reality of this and I've
just seen the real long it's so magical
honestly it makes me want to go home
watch avatar
hell yeah and we nailed it add another
part and another part in the back we
will say the only thing we missed pause
it
Finding Nemo that's the only thing that
actually scared the hell out of it to
the point where you jumped on me if we
could have managed Finding Nemo that
would have been perfect but yeah I think
we may come back just to watch that for
I'm not too stressed about it was like a
40-minute show I'd rather go on other
rides than to get 40 minutes watching
like the shore up way and as it panned
out we managed to eat and do everything
perfectly so that's that we're now we're
gonna head home I believe dry change and
then head over to universe oh yeah I
think it's just like one purple neon
lights yes well you know make everything
look weird what do we do
are they abundant hello wait what do we
do let's go back oh it's a chair oh my
gosh wait we've actually nailed this
part we didn't even know this was a
thing
you
that's really thick right stop now let's
see if the entire tree stops blowing
okay do again all the ended it closed
whoa I want to try they so bright the
magic of my hand and she'll perform our
didn't work whoa that's kind of cool I
like that enough oh my gosh they're due
to project a show on the tree okay this
is pretty sickness about the Star Wars
thing last night
he is like a chameleon like rolling
around the trailer he's gonna move again
boy
it was crawling around the trade
Oh countless mister yeah it's pretty
beautiful if you ask me I like that tree
alright so let me just explain this real
quick for the past like couple of hours
sheeps going seem gonna make it to the
Hollywood fried things we're gonna make
it to this Universal scary good if we
can make it to scary things knees get
Charlie fine more than enough time to
get changed whatever do shim go out for
a meal or whatever simple because it's
on till 1 a.m. and it didn't hit me
until she just said to me but she keeps
asking when we make it we'll make it
because she doesn't want to go because
she's scared then we have to go they
ship is I'm with you I got your back -
why I don't Kingdom goodbye what was the
best ride avatar hands-down 11 out of 10
Oh 11 out of 10 hands-down the best
rider I think I've ever been on
worst worst ride Oh
pinball t-rex BAM yeah don't waste your
time twenty five minutes of push in the
night Tom literally the same shirt
bought the Black Edition and same with
you she's gonna all black and she's very
very and those people were wondering why
the hell I was talking to myself
she brought sex that way shoutout to the
homie Miguel who just drove his hair I
put in Universal in my app it's accepted
to drop us off cuz we've been here
before
I just thought it used a previous
address it didn't he was gonna drop us
off like in the middle of nowhere but
yeah but Miguel picked up and was like
I'm gonna minute I know where you want
to go from like listening to our
conversation like talking to him so he
brought us the right destination so from
Miguel appreciate brother but we've made
it to where we need to be what could
possibly be busier actually busier than
the theme park were out today
Universal on a Friday night which is
already
terribly busy but then the opening night
of fried
Oh what are the chances just to walked
up the stairs and booked into Sebastian
Rockingham mr. rotten waffles sure did
the chances of that happening are insane
that uber just dropped us off and I said
to Livi I was like I'm sure that is my
teacher I'm sure of it
I did the thing where you know you're
walking through someone's life looking
the earth I watched you put a bit more
gold it was mental anyway that out of
the way we made it it's looking mighty
God dang busy now this is obviously like
people just like coming in food and all
that sort of stuff and this is not the
scary stuff yet the scary stuff is when
we get to the park that way so let's see
how busy it's gonna be and how expensive
everything is fine
okay any part you don't want to do
something will buck out and we'll just
chill for a little bit pretty cooperate
and go back at it yeah okay nothing's
gonna scare ya I mean not scary that's
gonna happen though who's gonna hear you
I promise okay see look it's a store
there's just some flashing lights
there's a road there's literally nothing
there to scare you so we're gonna go and
try already find a map shit we need a
map every foot her easier thank you so
much what Harry Potter bike Harry Potter
bike everything is awesome okay would
you like to go with you
would you like a map I have 100 set
holding a hiding because she's terrified
she's so terrified right now
you can't even be scared that's the
despicable Me house-sit look it's just
clearly people in stills with masks I'm
looking to you right that's kind of cool
yeah that does look hella sick though I
just said you wanna switch sides okay
they're like corn people okay
okay so that was asked as own know about
right just people wearing like literally
twigs on them yeah okay then there you
go see
basically you got dumb things all of it
that's the scares on there and then
there'll be like one there and like one
down there so it's just gonna be careful
okay walked in she got scared saw the
wine for the houses scared him even more
so we're going by fast passes I am NOT
spending two hours in this humid heat
that people screaming at late at night
yes please - so we get bus passes
90-minute way alright let's see if it's
fast fast works let me through even in
Fast Pass used to have to wait a long
ass time the stranger things queue was
90 minutes just like normal and then in
Fast Pass it was 45 but we were like man
if we do that then we're looking up like
an hour and a half left so we jumped
into this cube yeah not even so we've
jumped into this queue to try and see if
it helps so
yeah apparently this is really goddamn
good so Peck was a painting everyone to
do pay him thank you
what do you think you are absolutely in
one place going to a ball on the ground
oh it's okay it's okay so what do you
think weekend no now that is just pretty
intense
rengar booty guitar
guys come walk through the microphone
okay so this one will keep on now is
apparently like zombies which is suppose
to be like that fast it spooky which
again wait for she's totally looking
forward to it and on the way over it I
was looking at my map like you know what
those guys were like chainsaws with no
blades on trying to scare people and I
was like that's not scary in the
slightest I had my map of Isis yeah as I
sleep alone I'm scared
I had my map map up really concentrating
on white which house of what to go to
and yeah guy jumped out from behind a
wall and scared the living shit out of
me so yeah I know what she feels like
now we've worked out a technique when
she gets really scared she's gonna hold
on to me mother's and we're gonna be
like walk through it and everything
would be fine okay okay oh right I got
jump scared like three times
she hid behind me even you didn't seem
scared behind me okay so I'd like her to
experience like what that was like just
focused on the bath and she was like
holding on behind me that was honestly
not even that scary no it really wasn't
I got jumps get three times I've been
feeling it yeah yeah when I was good as
when I was getting scared but honestly
well unless there's a part two to this
which I really don't think there is I'd
give that like a charlatan that was not
that scary I've jumped scared my mom my
sister scarier than that that's all okay
I thought the bar closed at two o'clock
No
one so unfortunately we can't do a lot
all right here we go
everything is awesome
why are you sleeping wake up wake up
she's fine
don't worry about her okay you know what
little mouse wasn't the scariest but you
did good you didn't get me a few times
you got stuck in that house on your own
then I thought she was you know I
thought you were behind me I'd turn
around and she wasn't and I went to go
and get her and as I went to go get her
two guys jumped out at once Oh No and
the guy was in hysterics at how much he
scared you he had his mask on and he was
actually laughing his ass off how much
he scared yeah I felt so bad I just
picked her up I was like come with me I
was like hold on we're gonna get through
this I loved it it was really good but
again it's like so much of it like a bit
too much was it the purge masks weren't
scaring the slice the baby was more
scary but the rest of it was like
whatever and then it wasn't even the
faces that was caring it was just yeah
that's when it got me because you can
expect one like yeah I know you're
coming from over there but then in the
smart rooms my head jump out from this
angle girl fuck mother truck I knew you
were there but I didn't know you yeah
yeah who's like dummies in the beds so
you're always like fixated on like
what's gonna happen what's gonna happen
and nothing ever happened so
did you enjoy any of it oh wait we've
got to go inside here I know it's not
horror themed but come on we've got to
check this out oh my god it's the
quickie bar hell yeah
oh my god okay what's that oh gosh
America you're geniuses without AC
system man okay so there's a quick email
a lot going on okay I brought you
somewhere a little less scary
Curious George goes to town Boston
opinions
your kind of thing hell yeah like I was
saying we did think this place was open
till 2:00 well I did
unfortunately so we took one so we're
gonna try and get one more pack in that
way we've been four actually she's
pretty good to be quite fair we get four
packs in tall and then we were triangle
watch it's like while we're going to
watch fireworks spectacular scoop you
think equality yeah jab the
jabberwockies low you did a lot the mass
extinction so if you've got enough time
we're on to a winner here we go this is
probably the final house of the night
trick or treat
you know what to expect someone more
busters and just went a scratch I
wouldn't even waste your time I thought
I said that about another one that
someone else in front of me said it was
really good so we're kind of whoever got
paid to put these out your than a
meaning you're absolutely incredible
oh we are actually going inside of our
it house that's awesome
I love it
nothing that's crazy
I can't anything it's to missing oh my
god I know it's a sunken boss
this don't even there why are you
scaring me jump-scare be talking they're
writing down the amount of heart attacks
we've had tonight that's that's the 18th
tonight sir you know I walked around on
your own I was like who is this girl and
why have you done with Lydia you did see
me jump the first house got me sober the
first house was like a nine out of ten
like it was that fun but that thing's
dropping down on you from above which
were really cool yeah you would care if
I told you the more you do it the more
you get used to it I'll give that one
three hours so yeah it's done again I
did get scared a little bit but there
was so many times where I wall pass and
I was like is there nothing in this game
I mean here and it ready for this girl
the last place that our agenda for today
it's not Harry Potter one it is this
sort of festival looking cyberpunk thing
so that's where we're going
scratch that they closed the doors we
were like three minutes late because I
went to the toilet sorry so you know I
was like yeah when everyone's already
bought one we're probably still now just
put the clothes but look at where we are
Harry Potter one
wow the night bus it's not scary and
it's your favorite thing you get to
return to Hogwarts but AHA guys moving
diagonally hey go be free be free no
choice you can get there Lydia as a
surprise I rented it out for you just
for yourself I know
apart from that guy just just give him
ten seconds to walk by and then and then
wait for it I rented the whole thing out
for you look it's all yours
but go go in any store you want that's
unlocked it might be a rare for you but
Lydia this is all for you and there's
even a dragon on the roof but roasting
this is so much but we miss that like
electronic fireworks thing boy may have
seen fireworks and I wasn't real
music it would be something new or
understand for Harry Potter wand Harry
Boland now I would rather I'd not rather
be in Harry Potter Island with anyone
else over them Livie literally because
we watched all the Harry Potter movies
together like every time we watch the
movies and there was a part I didn't get
she reminded me
oh no security goodbye now goodbye
Wizard World and back into mogul city we
go wait I'm a girl sitting with guys
with chainsaws I completely forgot
I actually point with a guy about the
guys with chainsaws oops right I
actually genuinely forgot about it like
full bore and forgot about the scariness
he's there what uh what's he called
hey what's he called Oh get away there's
no way you don't know the name of
someone always sleeping you can aim
snoring it's so good is it
I had no idea do you get it yeah yeah I
get it
belts dying that is so good
I got long this is the current situation
we're exhausted right my feet hurt
and she doesn't have shoes on I have
shoes on god these are the confused
trainers I've ever wore in my life sorry
DC but they are fear burning and have
you ever seen that one episode of
Malcolm in the Middle where how buyers
are like shoo ensues and she's so
productive and a life changes for the
better and then he hates that she's
still productive so he ruined
have you seen it I need some right now
that's the lungs to her show did you
just see SB me I got sister but cooler
story Brody do this thing there's no
blood in my head right now so I'm gonna
go bareback we're really healthy people
aren't we set the healthiest that the
healthiest
- am Sanibel that's
thank you very much I appreciate how
about you nailed it
I like the music you're a good singer
you sang me hope the entire way home I
loved it yeah I heard you
he thought I was sleeping that is too
funny
the eva driver thought we were asleep in
the back I was wide awake just on my
phone and he was singing and dancing in
tight way home to the point where he was
dancing that was like shaking his hands
that was swerving into the other lanes
it was dangerous appointments but it was
such a happy chappy but guys I'm gonna
end today's vlog it I'm so exhausted if
you've enjoyed today's vlog make sure
you leave a like right on it I really
appreciate just let me know you guys
feedback more than anything if you are
new around and you haven't subscribed
click the subscribe button if you don't
even know what subscribing is make a
youtube account once you've made a
YouTube account log in come back to this
video click Subscribe once you click
that I know it sounds like a process
you'll click the subscribe button it'll
turn into subscribe and a little bell up
here next with ding dong that
notification bell and I mean you'll
never miss a video when I upload it so
I'm gonna go to bed I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog if you guys are enjoying the vlogs
and Byron Edit in it then leave him some
love down below in the comments I'm sure
we read in it
if pyrin if you have anything to say I'm
pretty sure the last time we heard from
Byron he was being kidnapped so Byron if
you're alive please let us know be nice
to know boy and I'm gonna go to bed it's
3 o'clock in the morning and I'm
exhausted so much love you've been
amazing
