new dawn new day and we have an issue
now this is completely my fault I'm
sorry about this the vlog just
completely ends randomly yesterday of
was eaten food and I'm sorry about this
cuz there was an outro there was like 10
more clips but my laptop for some reason
turned itself off overnight and Byron
thought that was the all of the clip so
he was like yeah I'll just render it
send it over to and we're doing I
completely done messed up update on the
passport yeah this is not looking good
I'd like to say the picture of me like
improved a little bit but it really
didn't I'm like half man half green
lanten so that's a failure and what I
think he's most likely gonna happen is
I'm gonna have to go to a British
Embassy in Florida speak to them about
getting a temporary passport fly it on
home and then getting a new one issued
so just another day in the life of Tom
you ready you know the humidity yeah but
today we're gonna take the boat
seriously we're going on a boat that in
today right okay there's more humidity
out here for sure
got myself erm yeah a hot piping hot
coffee in this weather or not sure why
we've done that but Bart Lydia and
Nutella snack pack little dunking
dipping thing you better know I know the
good stuff I think I think we go this
way to get to where we need to go
loving this oh we're here
literally when we just sat down picked
my coffee back up I think he's pulling
in bought I don't know whether that's
our bow because there's a boat that goes
to Epcot and Disney boardwalks and we
want to go to Hollywood studios so not
too sure the way it is for this oh yeah
thank you
here we go Oh does he got AC oh my god
it has AC yes I'm on a boat I have got a
piping hot coffee ball
the AC is not doing a good job
we made it thank you let's see here we
go next stop Hollywood studios has a
long ass oh my god like hundreds of
people no no no please
we've created a technique which means no
walking outside and instead just what
look Yuri just walk inside because all
the shops along the road of one big line
and they're all connected
surround them walking outside in the
heat we're just walking inside in the
a/c did the eyes move okay okay I see
what you're doing
I see what you're doing I have you met
thank you I look absolutely fabulous
white online hot and Mickey oh this is
what we came for
mm-hmm this right here ohhara Hollywood
Tower Hotel it takes you up chop you
down take you back up and dropped all
over again so what's the wait time on
this thing oh god what is that saying
over there she's like I've not got
makeup on today
you look fine but this is our problem
today I was hoping that by buying a fast
pass pass pass it'd be quicker but you
can't do that here so this is the
Express Pass and this is normal waiting
so let's test if it works start a
stopwatch twenty five minutes on the
clock the fashion statement is going
straight out the window she's not how I
am Swain look it's just like it's like a
fine moisture that just forms in it
we've got funds they've just not turned
them on yeah I got feeling that string
ain't gonna work oh my lord this is the
most beautiful AC room of it ever stood
in oh how nice is Arthur oh it's so much
better
oh-ho-ho yes and you know what we're not
too far I think all we've got to do is
walk there there oh wait wait damn wrong
I think that the wall
- then go downstairs to another queue
and then you get on this or ten minutes
into the first queue having so much fun
right here we're waiting for this
elevator to open - then take us down to
another I hid behind the curtains trance
Gasman it didn't work alright yeah and
then I was like playing with my hand
behind it in this woman friend look at
it I was like you do know that's my
operator got his ass thus begins stage
two of queuing through the pipes
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo almost there
I managed to get through that 24 minutes
it took us actually 22 by the time I
gots to start the ride but we nailed it
I just watched our reactions back
rock-and-rolling poster cam this is
really good by the way like actually
sick ride wait was this embarrass oh oh
you've already seen this day right in
that case it's the exact same I think
40-minute queue and gel occurring guest
relations was awesome oh yeah I didn't
hear you say rain but it is actually
about to start raining we went into
basically looking to trying to get into
like a fun tastier thing tonight but it
was full it was full right basically
there's a separate area VIP so you don't
have to like crowd in with everyone's
watch the fireworks
yeah if the book the dining package she
said she bought the diamond package
didn't even do the food just for the
past days so he went to us about the
dime package she went to burn the food
really free bus everyone's running for
the hills everyone's trying to get
outside apart from the fact that Artie I
wouldn't with it are they going as long
as it's raining Brooke r2d2 and c3po out
on the stage and it just left I'm not
exactly sure what crazy
now are some for now I know what it is
my boy I'm so hot right now that guy
must be absolutely dripping that them
noises he's making is him in agony is it
absolute agony people I love affair but
he has a jetpack impress me I want to
see him fly someone come on but you care
I mean who is that pop up that way I
think it is oh there you go now I'm
impressed such a simple guy
wait if they actually have a small yoda
walk on stage sold your boys about to
master where is it wait what oh yeah did
it stormtroopers Nick sir
oh hell no oh babe if he walks out just
as his door opens this would be perfect
come on bring about boy here we go here
we go
Oh what did it bang their heads shrek is
here to come out the stage I'm calling
it right now to the stage to the stage
oh come on oh my G my little joke daddy
looking good
I just fell over
come on
wait no white zebra no no pink one outta
here
oh great and here comes the emotional
teenager of the franchise a moody
teenager it is that I want to be a bad
guy I want to be a good guy I'm not too
short
oh oh oh my god she can see that there
was no love in his heart and as
punishment she transformed him into a
hideous beast
spare us all in there
if he could learn to love AHA and learn
their love in return
the stealth would be broken if not he
would be doomed to remain a beast for
the time as the years passed he fell
into despair and who could ever learn to
love a beast
25 years old
it's been I love Disney what can I say
Gina
my favorite
the entire film in like 30 minutes take
it so I should go yet
this is many toy story Laden oh my gosh
we got Jessie T Rex Rex oh my gosh
didn't the camera you need me from the
vlogs and yo Buzz Lightyear Z oh that
he's so cool it's kind of terrifying but
at the same time I love it says
35-minute wait
but we've been wizards and we got a
Fastpass while we were watching that
over there so we can walk straight on
booyah
it's all of that the tactics ladies and
gentlemen all about the tactics now we
haven't got a fast bus for this and this
looks at the wall awesome I want to go
on that I really want to go mom she beat
me on the men in black bride's not happy
about that just saying yo ass going down
I'm gonna see this ride right here I got
this it's simple you pull the string to
fire so I'm gonna have to go and I'll
see you want to be a 58 thousand versus
86 oh my god game yeah
oh my god I absolutely smashed that
158,000 car did I win first place our
315 Wow look I don't got my school hey
at least I got the best of the bed good
how exhausted I yeah may I had to sweat
like you've got a poet every time you
shoot another uh-huh it rhymes wrecked
my arm is wrecked he's on the trail oh
you gotta love everything about Toy
Story it's so good
my arm is not hurting that it's a
struggle to live her phone off
oh right keep it moving nothing to see
here
I always forget that mr. Potato Head -
the bad guy and so is the cake the bad
guys in the toy store you do it right we
don't have a we don't have a master plan
for this this slinky dog ride is a
60-minute wait time oh that's nasty
I said if it was 30 minutes I'd wait but
it's not that fast rate up ditching me
for food get the hell bucket something
wrong with Jessie's neck like what's
wrong with it it's okay
I think the person wearing the suit it
doesn't fear things you like this it's
fine I can do this job as Norris put
part of it we think you better 18 out of
ten what would you rate it but what
people an ex with a wig what's wrong are
you okay
Jessie do you need some help would you
about 10 that one yeah how about one it
was good fun for exhausting I give it a
solid seven aerial March that's sick oh
hell yeah
look at them go I can't see other things
of all these people book yeah
that's kind of sick
like shows to go to not like 30 minutes
long like we did but it's not like a lot
to do rides like what color we came here
a bit late in the day and told that new
Star Wars section if it opens I don't
really think there's a lot to do here
like it's been fun to point you right
just this point and ride wise but if
you're a massive fan of like Disney and
like although I like mermaid and all
that your woman and for dinner tonight
we are eating Brown it very Brown said
today I think we're going to be
reviewing the duck two ways and maybe
there's gonna be duck comfit and it up
cook look that sounds good and then also
the black grouper and lobster co PE
Niang now that mine looks amazing
alright I love lobster can't wait for
this fish looks amazing but you have
hands down one two types of duck I'm
jelly father the truth
that's pretty good and let me try this
fish fish good spicy now let me just be
my plate better palate plate let me just
clean my plate one sec its blackened
fish totally forgot the day yeah sell
professional reviewer best reviewer it's
just fish come on
right yes man forgot yet lobster in it
I'm by the way if you wondered why I
just got moving all of a sudden
Liddy's just got a non-alcoholic
cocktail and you can see the devil
inside us look at you so smitten like oh
they're so cute little happy family
there's a little baby too aside now the
entire family thinks it's cute but Lydia
said it looked like Gollum you said it
not me
oh thank you baby
however it looks like God and just by
the way this food was absolutely
incredible
again I don't know I'm being a bit it
seems a bit overly 9:00 in here but that
was an iron that was so good to me I
even asked for a bread roll to clean up
the sauce went up with me amazing
literally literally cleaned my plate it
was that good nine point one okay we
made it this looks dope dinner it's a
little mermaid
I was actually sick at first we started
getting wet and I was is not a bad man
was like don't worry
it was whipped cream
amazing absolutely amazing what was so
good this was a lovely reconstruction of
the film I thought it was great
however they didn't say you were gonna
get in it got drenched blue we walked
straight outside and look what we seen
oh damn oh it's okay
hey Chuy oh she lives it's Matty do you
Tommy I can pull this off oh yeah oh
hell yeah
introducing my new look bang we about to
go bad we have your guess oh no that was
the other right that was absolutely
terrible mine's pretty loose
loosey-goosey like you need to whip your
head back and forth I whip my hair back
my hair back and forth in free
what
that was intense
right that's pretty good like it nailed
it
oh yeah yeah I was gasps all I'm saying
is that's a mighty good ass got Dorn I'm
not buying a slushy machine we're
risking returning to slinky dog before
the close of the park because the line
is only 50 minutes all right okay
this is how we're passing our time we
get really into this stuff it gets real
what oh wait
oh is it going again oh it goes again
yeah
or no stanza blue light is definitely a
big storm for him yeah rather than
taking as a 50 minutes that took us out
smashed it right and now for the final
thing of the day but we've put
everything we was I would say the
Indiana Jones thing for we needed time
to eat we've yet instead of going to
India
yeah to be fair yeah I'm not upset about
likes I don't really consider you in the
Indiana Jones being like Disney so
that's like whatever but we're now gonna
go to a Fantasia Fantasmic we're gonna
go there I'm gonna watch it all go down
there's just like a light show if I work
show smart so she'll be pretty cool yo
she hooks your fatty style we don't have
a clue if they're any good seats or
anything always just sit anywhere shout
out to the homier guest relations gave
us by percent these are pretty central
just an idea of how many people come
Nate book to all this oh my god where
you going oh okay I guess we're sitting
here instead look at how many people are
on oh my god
pretty sure it's about to rain down a
storm so yeah this is that just got a
big cat open and I can
No Oh people are starting to Oh God
expert kidding it's a Mexican wave of
leaving people oh yeah
will one of the stop and bring the way
up and our purse Lincoln for now
it will not be presenting the lightning
is striking the people of human oh my
god can you believe it I'm sorry
I'm so sorry oh my god there's no way
we're getting home now all the buses
that we phone the phones we missed that
once it was canceled for this we get to
see a bit of this like some Star Wars my
work fight display thing nailed that
description but don't know when it's
gonna end don't know if it's halfway
through or whatever bugs the goddamn
wall okay though
that's like 154 like rejection it's
amazing that ball let's go let's go my
guy
synthesis everyone's just stood watching
god where's the wire one crazy
oh they just pull the death star mother
trucker oh wow wow I can feel the heat
from here dumb this is denim this is a
celebration scene in the movie now if we
decide to run off because all these
people about starfish dope loved it
amazing ten out of ten oh no I'm so
scared she's dead brother yeah let's go
I don't know we're gonna go though
Oh
Oh
yeah okay go go go
I wasn't joking people literally oh no
don't try and get this boat home hmm
I don't know how we're gonna do it
though walk dad it was almost the
perfect park day honestly I had a
perfect day I even enjoyed going
I enjoyed that we got the tickets free
we got there but unfortunately didn't
see it so this the Hollywood studios is
that what it's called
thank you very much you were amazing you
smashed you we do need to return for a
little bit more of the magic but thank
you for another amazing day oh the one
for the boats not that bad it's actually
loading up pretty quick but we're
probably gonna miss this boat sadly you
can blame me for watching Star Wars but
you know these boats are in quick
rotation right now gardening are they
stopping it right there oh no we're just
gonna miss the but what 50 10 min
15-minute way okay okay it would be okay
whatever
so close yes this is where like the
perfectly planned day
Byron this is rather perfectly planned
yeah blow that up the perfectly planned
part of the day like the entire day was
perfect until now the last show got
canceled the boat which just left like
literally just left a minute ago with
worst whitening in the air is now not
running because there's lightning in
there and we've not seen it like them
once I'm not saying that it's not there
I get the reason I'm sure but it's
nowhere near as buzz what are you
serious right now what a heck make eyes
full of people I am gonna be salty and
yet we're stuck what to be fair the
hotels there the hotel is right in front
of us so we can't complain all right so
whilst we're waiting for the boat that
didn't come through we met Doug this is
doki's legend and we would talk about
these pins that you collected and he
gave me one
thank you so much I'm know but what's a
trade I don't anything to give you
depending on yeah Oh brilliant yo why
don't I tell every we meet the most
amazing people ever like and that run
gave him what she wants me to fly it
around the world I'm doing it we're
gonna return it to him eventually at
some point it's gonna happen trust me
look at this it gave me a badge if you
see in this because he actually was like
watching YouTube channel so like because
it you saw me filming and I explained to
him why I did so he wasn't like freaking
out if you saw I'll see this thank you
very much to subscribe because he
subscribed and thank you for the badge
look at that absolutely yeah that
absolute man thank you
oh my god and thus ends an amazing day
honestly as much as a failure as it was
towards the end that was not an i doing
obviously in this way is it it's the way
things pan out and you know what what
what what nice people with me on this
trip like nearly every time we've sat
down to e we've got speaking someone
next doors or someone other and you know
there's so many people who can be even
like dead standoffish or anything like
that but you know the power of just
having a conversation with the most
random person next to whoever's in an
elevator or next to a table or when you
walk alongside them and I rather than
having your head in your phone like yeah
I've logged but I'm trying not to keep
my head in my phone like I'm actually
trying to stay off my phone as much as
possible but I'm like not vlogging to
just see what's going on around you and
interact with people so I've added a
blast of a day I'm trying to I'm trying
to film here so you can see like the
lightning strikes going off because like
it sounds about to be really bad time
but I'm gonna go get out guys thank you
so much for watching if you did enjoyed
today's vlog make sure you leave a like
rating if you're not subscribed to the
channel make a YouTube account click
Subscribe and a little bell or up here
next to it when you click Subscribe ding
dong that notification about it will
give you a notification every time I
post a new video and hopefully I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. when I post
my next vlog so I hope you've enjoyed
today it was a bit difficult to film
because it wasn't like any crazy crazy
rides because they were all like
performances and stuff but hey it's just
another day in Orlando at Disney so yeah
thanks for watching you guys are like
absolute incredible this part of the
channel recently has been insane I'm
gonna love ya I'm gonna leave you and if
anyone somehow works at the British
Embassy in Florida and knows what I'm
supposed to do about fixing my passport
appreciate knowing it in comments so
until then much love Vesalius
