how to start your day in style with
moisture on the window who was better
than moisture pancakes waffles sure that
is toast
okay how in the tits of me opening this
door for a maximum of maybe five seconds
to get in and out did a lady bird
managed to sneak in I do not understand
good bad is this one next stop Orlando
Universal are you ready to go and see
some Harry Potter stuff yes
hell yeah are you ready to take us
through all under oh no I won dos sorry
I knew that Universal that said I'm
pretty sure that's a Walmart Universal
don't I prematurely got excited it was a
lot of parks look at do you do with
Universal but wait is it open there are
people enough no hello there I don't see
anyone inviting slides or anything
okay let's tone it down a little bit
we're getting close we're not quite
there yet all the dumb phone or clothes
I knew it I just simply knew we were
close another day of wearing all black
oh my god 33 you got stuck in the car
whose child lock on thank you oh she was
lovely so nice it was supposed to be a
thunderstorm today and every day the
heck she's going on we're gonna burn
Universal Orlando Resort oh boy
we were wondering if we were gonna get a
tan if we're gonna get a tan the answer
is yes yes
oh yeah that's true margarita built
amazing cocktails gonna get drunk now
later on she got cook factory wasn't
there last time I came
you better know I'm going from your
facialist offer to you all right
literally the adventure begins here got
the first pass so we built it just going
every ride as many times as we won again
and again and again no queuing I cube
last time I was here and one of the
rides took two hours that kink on one
took two hours very patient people eyes
a bigger dragonfly holy crap Lucas but
this is a size look at that Starbucks
that's so cool we things but we need to
go this way this way this way and this
way some more to get to the Hogs war
Express is that right ok ok ok we're
onto it
right Lydia's gone fresh I'm
looking for anywhere where I can buy a
white t-shirt
I've brought whites and orginal shirts
with me but I was like oh it's supposed
to be a cloudy rainy day today I wear
black easy mode but we may possible bit
oh there's the hole cried I've not
actually bid on that someone who
forwards that bought magical spells I
don't know this this might be a wall
arrived not Harry Potter just yet
this doesn't seem to Harry Potter ask
for me this seems like Egypt Poseidon's
adventure what's that ok last time I saw
that guy is screwed me in the face you
stay the hell away from me I was like
what I was like what's the water vodka
he went you here have a taste and squirt
at me no no no no definitely Harry pie
oh god everyone everyone seems to be
going to Harry Potter right now wait do
we miss wait a minute really
ok I've confused
Harry Potter marry Harry Potter
I got into this last time I was rather
excited right now oh my god that's so
cool it's so cool I thought you got on
the train it showed you like the rest of
them but it seems that because all the
windows are blacked out I think there
are monitors on the windows so rather
than seeing this bag it shows you what
like the people going to Harry Potter
wait I was gonna say Harry but were the
people going to Hogwarts but they would
see from their train not gonna lie we've
got an air-conditioned cabin yes
is that
I know they say yes so now we should be
a diner cut diagonally Oh No Oh
King's Cross I know this is pretty cool
Oh sick yeah so that was well confuses
like why are we going towards London
what would be more impressive now as if
there's a room through a wall you know
to get out bang thought of everything
instead you do the mug away you take the
stairs
Cheers looked proper like London look
all the signs everything this is sick
that's so sick this is so well doing the
deep yeah yeah I actually do feel yeah I
feel like I'm in London it's this way
and left
I remember this wait yes I do it's that
way diagonal is this way yeah we're in
London we've now made it to the other
Park because this one closes at 6 p.m.
so we're gonna nail this one out first
and then head back over to the door
Leicester Station Square I thought it
was Kings Cross oh is that just an
underground that's just an anagram
there's the night boss yes and that way
is it
Oh Owen over yeah so in the movie it's
not actually there than it opens oh I
would never have known that reference if
you were here wha what I thought there
was the bricks but it was the bricks
where the bricks opened up I hear you
how cool is this how could there's the
bricks that was the entrance I was
looking for gosh wait no no go that way
or this way
we never saw we never saw this entrance
this is a crap entrance no no no no no
no no that was a non-magical entrance
this is the the proper entrance this is
whether the homies go okay Valka the
brick wall wizardry yeah just smell it
bings doing the Wizarding World smells
like washed up fish
last time I came in I did not come in
any of these shops this is the the
weasels the Luiza the reason the weasels
Easley's yes the reason we shot you King
Custer's attention to detail is amazing
aerial shot absolutely amazing yeah I'm
gonna buy one of them and see if that
actually works but that looked hella
dodgy shall quick dip press or one one
no thank you yeah no thank you
turn on Ally I'm just realizing how much
I'm filming today am i oh my gosh wow
this is the skeleton of a mermaid what
the heck oh and what I was saying is I'm
filming so much footage and I'm just
like oh my gosh thank goodness I don't
have to edit it Byron I swear to God I
love you man this is the shop you would
talk about bargain and Birkins go there
we go
the shop Oh sick Bellatrix Lestrange
wanted have you seen this wizard Oh No
yeah this is sick all this shop it's so
cool
there was a hand on a shelf like this
and I was like you know trying to work
out what all these things were from the
film line Oh what Easter eggs out what
Easter eggs this it moved and scared or
scared the living tips out me the woman
who worked there behind us was laughing
it was my kind of guy that is absolutely
perfect so I think I would be doing it's
everyone like Oh doing the wizard spells
and making the war to come up come on
then wouldn't Guardium the vssr or
something like that we meet again mr.
Dragonball okay this this is where our
ticket comes in coach no queuing I
believe straight to the front yes hello
hello there hello aw I don't like him he
looks like he looks like a weirdo so
does he whoa oh this Express language
well worth it oh my god it's still going
what oh my goodness me this Xpress
ticket was worth its weight in gold and
here we are we've made it to the road
okay
we were queuing for light five to ten
minutes
yeah it's like 10 minutes that lines
still pretty good down trunk and then
finally the queue as well so it's my
friend afraid your name I don't even
think it's over 20 minutes later we made
it to our destination underneath these
rocks occurs where the ride is there 25
minutes later with a bus pass
we made it to the front not bad
this is
frozen bulb a fish eat green hail Gilly
water and then what and all right port
these are actual this for the moment of
truth does it taste as good as it did
two years ago
oh my god you taste the top of there
this is something to do a fast and
furious I don't know where the entrance
to the ride is but that's what this is
this intense going in is becoming a
problem now because I have 19 million
pairs of Oakland glass people brought
none of them I'm really spinning it was
supposed to be raining okay we're going
here fast and furious supercharged I
think what
let's try padding this one out Cummings
down my favorite cut of any faster view
is right there Hammond's car easily
easily easily my favorite car that is so
sick I didn't even notice the rooms were
like that it's such a sick car and I
wonder if that's the actual one from the
movie probably is but yeah I'd like to
own one of these in real life think of
it that's right it wasn't transformers
fast and furious ride what do you think
it was pretty mediocre like we didn't
wait too long but the build-up to it
like it took like like 10-15 minutes to
walk through no cue it's then getting
inside to the ride and it was just like
it was a bit a bit house there's a bit
what just wasn't worth the bald build-up
if you could walk and get straight on it
and do it yeah that was okay but the
three oh it's time for me oh dear oh
dear
it's parade time and what's on the front
of it straight away
salute nightmare fuel oh no this is nope
this is the nightmare film this right
here you got you got a rocking boat
hey kind of stick out to it I like that
long
let's see about to do impress me
what are you gonna do mr. Pullman come
on you can do it do it do it do
something do it do something
okay did nothing what's he doing
Wow it was a really busy road I thought
that right we're gonna be absolutely
sure I was ready to even like a two-hour
ten it was amazing absolutely amazing I
was terrified that was sick it was that
good that was so sick like I thought I
might be able to film that one a little
bit you know croissants tragic cannot
count bill no way that's the drop when I
would had my camera I thought I lost it
like I think the NASA grab on
now that said this right is dead
compared to everything else we've seen
the movie experience ride in Universal
Studios worth it as soon as you get to
the park as I go to that straightaway
it's sick like so sick whoa this guy
looks important but they're actually
filming a commercial over here could be
a State Farm commercial or it could be a
sponsor bot no idea what they're
actually filming next up transformers
ride 3d save the planet well done
Freedom Riders
thanks for being challenged Litella back
to keep going into these really dark
rides then stepping outside under like
okay valve ah he's pretty cool
but how intense is it is it does it
pause or did he just go nope let's go
yes yeah it was not a pun of that ride
and this fight is meanwhile I was
absolutely loving life I went on it
twice it was that good it was so so good
this rug gets a nine out of ten again
well you're really not enjoying nine
point three out of ten you could oh yeah
that was mental you got so you got to
pick which song you listen to while
you're on the ride as well and then once
you were finished it for like films it
records it together and then you can pay
for the actual like for produce thing
which sounds pretty sick but I love
doing that much how it all twice I
listen to Kanye West stronger and the
first time baffled ah so good this is
now called The Tonight Show a virtual
experience with Jimmy Fallon
racing through New York oh that's the
good bus I met him
that's the guy I met I met Jay oh hell
yeah
I'd love to meet Conan I really would
Jimmy seems really cool boy okay Ray's
through New York Starring Jimmy Fallon
I'm confused okay at the same time
that's what we're going on big
absolutely huge we've got ourselves a
Lombard
Seifer and Graham I'm gonna say we're
gonna do we just sat down to get some
food and I just check Twitter to see
what's going on the world because the
new opponent today and they've just
announced a brand new iPhone X s which
comes as a 525 12 gig model or something
for 1500 pounds and there's nothing
different between that and the iPhone 10
I've got now except the storage that is
it that's a pound per gigabyte storage
extra basically Wow 1500 quid for a
phone
named for a 64 gigabyte iPhone X s it's
1,000 like $50 and then for the for the
500 gigabyte version it's 1500 good
decision fisherman's basket oh thank you
so much fisherman's basket porkchop back
yes we decided good on this right now
absolutely lovely very very nice
where'd you get this place hey I'm gonna
stick to relate as well it was nice it
probably could do better I could have
given up that one but I think it's a
solid perfect number good I ate down to
the cod tongue oh right devoured it
we've got a plan to take the Hogsmeade
Express back to here alright and then
we're gonna go to the most constant then
we gonna do Harry Potter wolf then we do
Jurassic Park then we're gonna do school
island then really Marvel superhero Hulk
and then we can leave oh stop okay so
right now we're here I don't gonna go
over to here to do the men in black
which is a shooting thing then from
there we go back to that the train
station then we get to hear what very
nice meal was very nice on too many
black to much too much that's an amazing
one a Frodo I like that one a lot
amazing Iron Man and look at Vin Diesel
person is definitely vlogging definitely
vlogging that's what I look like in it I
look crazy yes this is so sick the men
in black ride well it's a it's not right
it's like a shooting thing but yo this
is doe I'm so sick
I love the many buckets such a good fun
there it is there's the there's the main
one right there
hey this ride is so like what oh yeah
this is the people in the normal Q and
this is the Express line we're in so
saving more Tommy yes you in one you in
in black training facility no I really
am a man in black black shoes black
shorts black t-shirt shall embark okay
to be fair I was 125 baskets on the end
and I didn't listen and at the end he
said press the red button for an extra
hundred thousand points miss she pressed
it I
so I was only on 50,000 yeah rematch
rematch that is probably the one thing I
would buy $600 oh wow maybe not
Wow all the main rides donate donate
donate donate donate boom time to go to
the next park I was gonna say that was
just a bad idea from the get-go should I
go for the high five
okay this is just she in as a whore just
sayin
Gordon oh yeah whoa where did she go
oh there she is okay okay I can't
believe you going to some fans that's
crazy all right
I was tired boom okay so we took this
right here and we had a video play we're
gonna show the right way go into the
castles
shashi we made it to Hogsmeade all right
so stop being a muggle and stop being a
wizard oh yeah it is yeah hope it is no
absolutely fine with me the nips off
we'll be right back we're going to him
Poseidon thing first
I think I can give away the first like
one out of ten ride that Temple of
Poseidon off the sidings adventuresome
up one out of ten
terrible also what I've just found whose
decide and ride
a one out of ten how bad was it we had a
laugh yeah but what would you give it
out then it was that bad exactly 33
degrees because they're supposed to be
like icicles hanging from buildings
every single person around us is
sweltering in sweat yeah right what do
they want a nice lend to some I don't
know oh yeah broomsticks and we're
making up right oh yeah I suppose to be
the English yeah why don't we have one
of these in England is based off England
ish feel like a fish a fish stepping in
there I was gonna say I feel like a fish
I am a roller coaster program oh no way
right now
hold on okay chief whoops this is hard
this is hard this is hard
who's gonna weigh everything sauce when
you're part of a team
I like trades that's it
literally that's right over so quick so
sharp moving painting mate wizardry at
its finest
welcome dog Ward's Witchcraft and
Wizardry you're a wanker just kidding
I'm so giddy right now just think about
a sugar rush yeah this part is so quiet
I'm sure she's supposed to speak to you
full game please my kind of girl this is
the quietest I've ever seen in a theme
park in my life what am I in mani tell
me she said enjoy your flight I've done
this before but I've completely forgot
what we do
Oh
Wizardry come on hurry okay
made me go up there
Wow this night is so intense
this EPS is so peaceful right now oh my
god
it's Joseph with a long name I could go
don't idiots something in the bushes
yeah
I'm gonna drop
there's gonna be a big and I can smell
em smell em Oh is there another freezer
we did it well this is a bad idea
apparently it's quite quiet just a back
in general and we got the fast passes so
start your watches now there's the tuck
this watch is wrong six hours ahead
let's see how long this takes us two to
three hours that took last time we
didn't stop you want to heard from
scaling our tickets to get on here Wow I
know it's a quite a but that Express
Pass hell goddamn yes
quick timing trials okay that good
pepperoni brought the stings of gas
oh really
second time not to give this saying but
we're gonna log flume right now but it's
called to tune something over so just
loads of like cartoons everywhere but
this looks really bad like it looks like
we're gonna get soaked on earth is that
oh my god
I am absolutely soaked oh my days a you
kidding me I'm drenched what that was it
even the proper drop this is the drop I
regret everything I regret everything
but if it not only it is I am soaked
that's what's Outlook music I've never
been on them and there's a kid I always
wanted to go in but oh yo I came up
pretty pretty good all right I like it
it can go hungry that's how much it's
amazing somebody's definitely getting
fired the server under you Central News
where what and the heck is this it makes
me feel really safe about going on theme
park rides around by electrics yes oh by
the way yeah I know you're so impressed
with the haircut right now oh my god
that that jigger we did right there
solved the Daily Bugle I didn't even
realize this was arrived that he was
like what's the spider-man one in ours I
I don't know that's fine
things are starting to
it was okay good it's great it's like
the Transformers won but like yeah I'd
say that this was about six yes yes yeah
we were we didn't he wouldn't even know
it was gay we were gonna walk past and
she's bought it so that's what oh here
we go now drop and time 30-minute wait
hold fast my brooch we had to put a
stuff in the locker so there's no
attempted way of filming this bought the
whole content out with them the whole
kids is sick he's right away ready
how sick is that honestly absolutely
is that good that the moment we off of
the watch right back on it and out at
the moment it comes out it twists you
and throws you in a room absolutely
insane yeah super bus that was so much
fun this is a really bad idea this isn't
cheating trust me
every single person we've met who's been
on this has been short I've got mine
stretched out so much cars cars wait the
guy said he didn't he didn't see
anything as long as we put our seatbelts
on so we put our seatbelts on so he took
our shoes and socks off and minor and
leaves my cover and lydia's are in that
listen this is smart a be like a human
condom okay am I covered nope no I'm not
no I'm not normal
yep yeah yeah I'm good I'm good okay I'm
good I'm good I'm good Oh mom already
just saying everything is fine so far
not a problem in our town no siree
platform either always be bought this
goes on this yeah I feel like we
shouldn't be doing it oh is it all for
the moisture me leg yep go say that oh
oh let me say just worried about foam
coming out boy she's got it thank god
she's gonna give me Oh
Josh right no use people with water
cannons squirt knows your wars you're
worshipping down it's my on to me well
as making his way into places done it
shouldn't be making his way
okay that was bad but it was this is no
this is not a brave the rugged this is a
battle
but it smells so bad
he smells like sewage but it's fine
don't fine I can feel water dripping out
of my leg
everything is awesome when you're part
of a team everything is awesome well you
know so much why I just went over me
that no this punch-out was worth the $10
just say oh my god
absolutely so not a lot this ride was
awesome I loved everything about it that
was an experience honest to God if we
didn't buy that poncho then last minute
the regrets would have been so damn real
booking I just said this right now it is
8:43 p.m. this place closes at 9:00 we
have done everything like the kid ones
light and the simpsons a really bad
rides but just chose not to do those but
from everything everything and we did it
more than once we did the whole cried
twice through the mummy won twice like
oh yeah yeah
amazing absolutely amazing yeah yeah
though the woman of music twice as well
oh my gosh yeah what a good day we smash
this like smash this that fast pass
though dude I feel like that came in
clutch like super super quick show epic
day we're gonna try go to the Chocolate
Factory now see what's going on over
there not even hungry because that
mirror we have builders up so good but
we're gonna go check it out anyway so
epic day oh my god we almost forgot
the white show at Hogwarts I remembered
last minute
are we running and made it oh it's like
a projected light show I don't know who
made it or it's the end but we're still
sorry oh yes
like literally after we got that was
that walk out like oh this is great
I then was like Harry Potter light show
so we ran around to it Mac but managed
to get to the end of it the last bit
she's a massive Harry Potter nuts and
put pirate but I can't think I got a
concert I ran so fast there we go
but then we only just made the end of it
or I said to the guys like dude is there
another one please some of the reason he
was like yes Nana so we've got 10
minutes I'm gonna try and grab a quick
drink and go and stand over there so I'm
talking about teamwork dream work I
can't show you this because it's my
passport or it maybe I show you a little
bit but erm basically I just went to
pull out my ID my passport like crammed
in between it may have damaged it I
opened it open waters got my passport so
like that's what my face should look
like and that's what my face looks like
now so maybe or maybe in trouble about
getting out of the country that's not
good
I'm actually gonna have to gonna get a
new now a new passport max is also a
flight
cheers mate it's what a lot so and we
need to get a new passport Lydia just
said you're worried and then what
passport yeah Nine's like worst case now
I can't leave I don't have to look like
the embassy as someone like that then
sure whatever at the same time it makes
for more of an adventurous board usually
in life wouldn't happens people are
like now it's ended well for me I'm like
I'll show you but the daily life of Tom
it's an adventure so see how it pans up
I just don't get too upset by it
now if I had a deadline to get back for
something but smiler then yes I would be
pissed off but suppose I'm worth
we can extend that oh how much they
don't know why I'm like mega nervous
this seems so cool there's nothing I
can't see so fine time to tell you where
you ought to be
you might belong in Gryffindor
when Twelver brains at heart you might
belong in where they are just and would
in why so brave and claw if you were
ready mind
stifled news enemy must achieve a
fairness
Wow sick
whoa
yeah oh my god yeah that's so sick
all right oh I got useful
all right don't
cool
there is nothing
Wow amazing
and pick that was sick
that was the snows thing up so we
what is your coat of arms there's no way
on earth they have a Cassell Chris Chris
Chris Cameron Cameron Crimson Chandler
Chapman chased there's no Cassell
there's no here either kaboosh just
saying the only coat of arms you really
need in life is a syndicate original
royal court mom so if you want to get
that city guru.com go get it right now
don't need none of this buddy had it but
I watch it got that deuce
they don't have Cassell or Hewitt but
they have Mark Wilson farquharson yeah
right is it that's a podrían oh wait
what oh don't say awful if I keep it now
is be a but we said Thomas right there
I'll make clothes wait really oh yeah
the city coat of arms Thank You
universal for an amazing day honestly
one of the best three-part days I've
ever actually the best thing back they
have ever had in my life moving over to
the desert boundary chocolate Emporium
to some chocolate Emporium savory feast
pitch in Helen yeah let's check this out
I had like the best day ever
every walk into like the chocolate
factory and the guy downstairs at the
door I'm like yeah if you get Table two
is that I'm gonna stop it right there I
know you from you cheese yeah he's like
I got I gotta show you how like she
decided to like he's watch the video as
far as me on Instagram and all that sort
of stuff I was like what and like super
cool got talking to all the staff and
it's just you know it still to this
point of three years of blogging eight
years of YouTube it's so easy to me to
forget not I am I am
such a massive lie viewership and
audience all across the world whether
some gaming vlogging or whatever and
it's like I've been doing this behavior
so those people who watch me back then
have all grown up now and then I like to
scatter all across the world so honestly
if you watching this good set is
pleasure to meet you and anyone I
haven't meet in real life thank you for
having us man imagine it yeah Thank You
Sehun yeah like thanks it up in crude
but I have people take photos of me
until we eat me like two hours late I
mean like I was watching you and I'm
like just gonna say hi as long as I'm
not busy or anything like that like I'm
clearly in the middle of something
you're more likely to come say hi it's
like a pleasure for me to say thank you
for watching my content so appreciate
our more food turn the page once oh my
god
look at this this is absolutely insane
I've done for a red-velvet because it
comes with a cupcake on top of it Wow
are you actually kidding me what is this
we've got a quiche French onion soup
fries and is that my milkshake
okey-dokey then steal some leave my
milkshake a lone woman I don't know no
no no no I'm trying to gravy the quiche
but to put the gravy on it that's the
white stuff a pretty good
yeah French onion soup I don't even need
a spoon because it didn't give me one
dip a chip in it bit of cheese
that's good I don't even know I have to
start that book down that's good
