6:23 in the morning 6:23 in the morning
I have not even been to sleep yet I'm
about to put this passport in my pocket
and fly to Florida with no sleep I've
not even packed my bag or anything in
like mmm 15 minutes so I'm hoping this
footage gets to Byron because he's gonna
edit the vlog together Byron if you
manage to do it I appreciate it put
something on screen
tell me how much you love me and hate me
more but no really I need to get my
together because I've spent 12 hours in
front of this desk and this set up
gaming streaming all damn night but I
forgot to pack my bags so if I want to
get to Florida and not be late and not
miss my flight
I should probably maybe pack some my
underwear or something like that so what
let's do that holiday time it's one of
those things where you like oh so glad
I'm leaving England but I'm entering
into worst weather than this so yeah I'm
leaving England by home and buying wind
Oh God well falling asleep in the back
of a taxi we've made it
oh and by we I mean this person over
here this is why I don't check bags
absolutely empty
absolutely empty oh boy well I wasn't
expecting this it's currently 8:15 made
it through security nice to check in the
bag yet weren't weren't too happy about
that book we just had so much stuff and
it turned out because the airline that
would fly in with it's one of them ones
where yeah quite really cheap but then
the actual white baggage where you get
stormed like for money so we just packed
everything together and saved ourselves
a bundle yeah that's not good
just saying Nathan over there was like
I'm in one of those days right now where
everyone it seems it's just in a really
bad mood except me she's alright but
every other member of staff I spoke to
this airport
bitch seems like everyone's complaining
or moaning while giving me an attitude
and I'm like what is going on Nathan
sprayed me with bloody after she sprayed
me with aftershave he gave me a hug and
said I was alright so so did I just say
it now there's not really that much
option we have monsoon accessorized
francium Bennie's or dressed with a
spinning jenny Brewhouse kitchen our
Burger King a breakfast Burger King's
the worst offenders that's fact
yeah it is dude the only thing worse
than burger keys wimpy told well we
upgraded to premium so we get to use the
premium lounge mmm no but for breakfast
we're gonna have a bit of course enter
some peace through some fruit and some
back bacon what sauce goes on the bacon
boy it was a choice option brown or red
you don't like pizza weird doesn't like
to be fair you should put brown sauce on
a bacon boy is that was put oh yeah it
finds me for like peach obviously I am
absolutely fine falling asleep right now
the struggle is so damn real bull I'm
pretty sure saying but the plane is
about to be boarding 10:40 even though
it is
the 950 orlando gave 206
ah Lando gate 206 and she's already off
thanks for waiting for me what Starbucks
I want coffee
actually no I don't because I'm tired I
don't wanna go to sleep to eating come
on we managed to get these plane tickets
wife's the rear-engine quid return which
was insane but we upgraded for 150
families it's a premium economy another
quite nice and spacious
not bad size TV it would USB charger
juice she offered me champagne but it's
like 10 o'clock in the morning you look
very nice and comfy over there
what's that or is it your dining venue
and I will forgot premium your dining
menu fresh locally prepared appetizer
isn't quite say what it is but okay I
know right it's like a menu but there's
nothing on the menu okay I guess we
don't get one of those Maine curry beef
or wild mushroom okay a dessert and then
a second service later on where you get
you said dump oh I didn't read that that
was dumplings beef I don't like Carrie I
don't like Carrie so I'm gonna go
dumplings as well I know the second
services
oh it's afternoon tea thighs the most
British
this is gonna be a long holiday I fell
asleep for like I think mmm
and how long hour and a half or
something foods come round and oh my god
oh my god I will go Hama Hama Hama Hama
yes that's the wind right
Baga tired now watch distributes keep my
eyes open to beef and dumplings
all about
how hard is that leaf
and I can't combine either this beef is
like leathers beef in Dublin
Oh quite flavor flattering bethink
dumplings guess it so it seven yeah
it was actually really tasty I didn't
eat the carrot dinner what's a sure
about that
it can be as nice as it wants held on
way to so soggy for my liking bother
yeah really nice I give it a separate
said it was really nice he's like melon
balls that came for there soaked all
into it like it's all moist so it was a
very bad any piece of have face I can
see them for some reason just staring at
me whatever and then moving on to the
cheese party solid seven and make David
take note I got chocolate pudding for
dessert
boys it's almost like a chocolate clan
it's like a bad cake in that very
burners to eat Airlines premium economy
you're doing good kid
you did good the food man I got seven
for the film selection is about to be a
solid one right now just for my personal
taste because there I've seen all these
films and the rest of them no fact if
don't get wrongs done wrong with too
many other great showmen seen it I've
seen all of these bought it's not really
a big selection page in like a half all
book if you go over to Classic Movies
for some reason classic Wonder Woman's
in it so that's not too bad even though
it's about film whatever low oh goody
what the heck Life of Pi amazing film
and then war the Planet of the Apes I'll
tell you what there is actually a pretty
good selection on this chewy I take it
back
believe you six and it just said it
about seven hours to the destination
six hours sleep later you're supplyin
but I'm still really time we have good
good good come come come come come come
two hours left to go this flight so far
has panned out got on the plane
super died fell asleep I'm now awake I
feel super fresh because we learned that
like half past two in Florida so I'll be
perfectly ready to start the day so
great success hands down my favorite
place around look at it
absolutely gorgeous what was on the
sandwiches I'm quite sure definitely not
sure and it is absolutely shocking you
dad
yeah I didn't bring a cow either did you
yeah
I can't wait to borrow a pink go and I
hate rainbows now because that is way
too many bags Jimmy we actually got it
already
min I thought would be waiting for ages
but that's actually quite convenient
other already here oh I forgot what that
was gonna feel like the humidity yo its
sunny so first of all that's a win and a
half baht
oh my god it is so I am beyond the most
is actually gorgeously nice weather
right now but it is rain oh there's
definitely some rainbows but it's like
absolutely chucking it down it's just
all your skin just feels mommy I like
how you getting so excited over it these
guys are just like throwing nuts on the
ground yet we've got a friend actually
is go and get the nuts go and get there
but my guys just bouncing around mommy's
found another north ubud is great by
design but when you have a driver who
doesn't quite know how to use a phone
it's difficult rubriz arrived it's gonna
save us so much money because if you get
the uber from the airport here cuz you
like $60 whereas taking a normal tactic
kuch about hundred that guys got the
license plate Colin was amazing
okay yeah Kali is a good license plate
right Colleen Colleen yeah it's a good
is a good license plate it looks good I
like how we were just looking for the
radio stations in between two stations
it went pre-hurricane so it's big lake
stop joking I think that actually is the
same we will get there cuz there's the
hotel I do see it I definitely do see it
we got there well Disney World one look
at this what a thief themed hotel we're
not a saint a hotel but oh my god please
both of everything I don't I don't know
an on-set is i hope we are not at the
very end of this hallway I think so this
is the Swan hotel and then there's a
completely matching hotel load called
the dolphin and the way you know it's
called the dolphin is rather than having
a can you see this one having Swans
everywhere it has dolphins everywhere so
apparently that right there's a swan but
look at the sky mate looks absolutely
fine over there boy that's looking
mighty hella mean I've seen some
lightning going down over there not too
happy about that book check it out I'm
not too sure what this is over here I
think they may be hotels or something
like that book gonna go explore and try
but oh there's that God what are you
doing what did you lock me in or
something like what what are you doing
look look look there's that cop over
there what it looks like it's raining
great that's the hotel I stayed out last
time right there that's the the one that
looks like a in the background
that's the continent or that's where
stayed last time right yeah I didn't
realize I was that far away from that
caught Jesus oh yeah okay so I'm happy
about this the last hotel I stayed out
like that one all the way over there
there was no good restaurants to get out
but this one we got Todd's English blues
ooh coastal cuisine there we go
steakhouse didn't run Italian
no yep Italian and then a sushi place we
took the dope oh I'm okay with this I'm
okay with listening we got
Anthony's pizzeria okay okay and there's
a spa and there's a breakfast service
which you better not use it welcome
Thomas Cassell thank you for staying at
the Walt Disney World's Swann net fix
fix flicks
YouTube and Hulu built in for us to get
to Epcot you see that down there that is
that's a weird camera transition get on
that there and it takes us on a water
taxi to Epcot look at the layout of this
place
mmm Starbucks Starbucks coffee in the
room what yo okay I'm happy about that
got a bloody USB port put on it does it
work it doesn't work
tell me I got way too excited way too
quickly there you work straight out the
hotel onto a bus taking us to Disney
springs where we go and get some food
every single person on this boss is
leather you just by now is wearing
bright colors loads of Riker's then look
at me in linear
yeah yeah do we not magically dive right
now been on this bus now for about 25
minutes and we found out it's a
neighborhood drive
oh yeah we got on the on the bus 2025
minutes ago with three minutes away from
our hotel so we just did a massive
circle pick it up everyone else from
their hotel to then get to ever need to
go so for tomorrow we're just gonna do
but every we're not grumpy
we finally made it 25 minutes like don't
get me wrong these buses are great free
transportation and yes we need a map my
friend give me my yes English guide map
we shall not get lost
okay maybe control yourself alright
magical yes listen listen listen we came
in here it's a big this is a big zero
look we came in there you get good look
lead the way
oh my gosh is a Kate Spade well this is
magical so yes there's odd I may be in
salt pepper chicken put that ain't
stopping me from Ivan Chinese again
today so we're gonna cross this bridge
and we're gonna make our way to Mara
moto Asia so let's find out how the
ramen is there oh yeah I want to go to
the bid iam lounge Mudder moto Asia
bring it on I've really hope they've got
enough tables that said everywhere is
kinda quiet I don't know whether it's
cuz it's like everyone's back at schools
and not holidays this Tamar that book
smell good we've come to the right place
we've come to the right place
okay there's two different restaurants
there's a Marbella Oh Asia the one that
we want to go to but then there's a
street food one right on the street
fruit one let's go check out the one we
said we're gonna go take Oh
yeah all right so we're gonna get a
table but there's like a 45-minute wait
for a table oh my god how did I not call
me last time I was here this is
beautiful amazing we're gonna set up
there near the bar get some drinks get
some food
oh yeah I'm excited hell yeah I don't
know if there is still ramen available
there I don't think there is
Oh ramen oh yeah I'm so happy now it's
so random so we just got speaking to
this woman here we thought was just like
a server and we recommended like the
Galvin like restaurants where we went to
like in London and say my god I said
cool because they can get post-care you
can send it anywhere but it's just a big
gimmick think it's whatever yeah two
minutes later a photographer just turned
up and was like hey we're gonna say yeah
we're gonna give you a photo and you can
send a postcard anyway you are
complimentary so yeah we didn't know
that but also on that note we were
talking about the menu of like what we
want to hear and what we want there and
everything and the woman that we ended
up speaking to turned out wasn't just
some random woman
it was assist the assistant to the
general manager and she's given us one
of the things that we didn't did an
order on the menu for free me to save
herself like $14 and I get a free
postcard winning winning it live cheers
yeah there you go
cheers to Dave what is actually day one
in it today one let the calmness
commence and I say canvass cuz like I
truly think all the people are like back
at work and a howl of like not on the
holidays and stuff so it might be nice
and quiet
just take a year off I'm still getting
the ramen but you better know we've got
a good chefs selection of sushi
combination yeah no joke I'm like you
know they say like it's the happiest
place on earth I'm already the happiest
person out there right now this sushi is
so damn good and then this is what
they've just given to us for free
oh my god let's try this tempura oh my
gos baingan I was saving this to last
this is eel dinner how feel notice the
skin start
yeah it's like one more booth thank you
very much none for there's still three
more pieces of sushi to eat and now
we've got ramen now I'm saying this
right now
you've won already because that's the
kind of ramen I'm used to eating by this
let's go for duck oh no what nobody I'm
not saying no so long did it I did it
my entire ramen noodles can't drink that
broth because after yesterday's vlog the
oil kind of doesn't settle to element
but I'm saying this right now this
restaurant right here right now
nine point five out of ten that's things
down easy 9.50 why'd you give it
95 seriously
I've honestly not moved in an hour
there's so much food inside me wish me
luck
such a nice restaurant honest to god I'm
in love with it that architecture design
of this place is crazy and the food is
amazing
I can guarantee they do not move I did
not know they had a do I remember it
rainforest cafes like my childhood
favorite thing of all time I didn't know
they had one here look at that oh my
goodness eyes of that is a big dinosaur
this is the coolest cafe it's not real
even the small children over there no
it's not oh is it that's sick
this is like the coop whoever came up
with his cafe restaurant idea is the
best person in the world not gonna lie
if I was a child though that would be
petrifying I'm that guy days of
Christmas I don't care months to go feel
so magic oh wait is there actually
Christmas music there is a little
Christmas it's my favorite holiday
maybe it was my favorite holiday did I
just miss it on camera what time was it
me I'm gonna be a box mom Oh me the
rainforest cafe volcano explodes what
what'd I just say best restaurant ever
the food's pretty but the cat is
great okay this place gotta watch much
busier at night
wave is here this place is completely
crammed full of people and they have a
live band in everything right warning a
plastic stay in bounds
thank you I like how she ducks women
appreciate it I refuse to accept that
guys made out like him oh my god it is
Hey the whole thing is you're from a
distance that look at that did a lot
leggo did it oh my god
how many pieces and how long did this
take to build because that's insane okay
that's not bad like not bad at all it
seemed got an interior but for a hundred
and fifty dollars GAD dang time for the
challenge of getting home whilst this
person just currently changing the
numbers please don't do that
wait Swan and Dolphin hotels ten I don't
even care if we miss the bus anymore
because they're singing Sweet Home
Alabama as a live music band oh what a
perfect song go back to the hotel Sweet
Home Alabama okay pretty sure a bus is
there probably gonna miss it an update
of sleep I am getting tired my eyes are
feeling a bit little bit leggy right now
a bit tired bit weak but it's 3:00 I'm
in the UK so that's kind of justifiable
but more importantly I did skip an
entire day of sleep so yeah she's been
awake now since yesterday so it's 3 a.m.
for her and she's not slept whereas I
did sleep for I was working for 12 hours
straight okay Oh
working hard worker yeah that's that bus
that we need to get on you should
probably hurry up quick Lydia run quick
we're gonna miss it man does to quickly
run we're gonna miss it oh no oh no okay
hope will help condensate the buses with
the a/c though it's crazy and this
outside stepped outside there's a
firework display going on I don't I
don't look this is the one that happens
like every night is football it's a form
that's amazing on that bombshell and
it's literally bombshells go enough but
there's a lightning storm happening
right above it you actually gonna be
able to see this at any point whatsoever
there's a true lightning storm going up
in this light cloud here but you're
probably not gonna be able to see what
well not about draw guys I'm gonna end
today's vlog I'm absolutely exhausted
more importantly I need to get the
footage over to our boy by brownie
because you know what it's like when I'm
in America when I go to sleep if I don't
get my vlog edit before I get in bed and
go to sleep then in the morning by the
time I wake up it's already gone past
6:00 p.m. for you guys
so the vlogs late so the way I'm going
to do this is that before I go to bed
send all the footage to Byron Byron
areas the video and then when I wake up
the vlog should be uploaded I'm ready to
go Ally for you guys so I'm hoping it
should work out there shouldn't really
be any issues apart from maybe in a few
days when Byron's gonna be a little bit
busy and I'm gonna have to do that it's
myself before Byron is an absolute
legend and I'm so glad you guys are
happy about to have him on board and
Byron if you'd like to put anything here
to say hello to the audience again like
you know anything in particular and feel
free because everyone seems to be living
a little things where Byron just pops up
and he's like hello in it so but yeah
we've got a little texture bike but a
Byron here and Byron there and if he
actually does something out of it have
you pressed good if you get some fiber
is like I'm supposed to just be editing
these things not like interacting with
your audience for you Tom bought this
place huge look at this oh my god me no
no joke I was about to get in bed and I
just was like no I'll just step outside
because this looks pretty beautiful at
night and there's a full-blown I
hope displayed this has got to be for
something particular because there's no
way you can put that on every night
surely and you know what if the answer
is yes they can because they're Disney
and it feels so much more than sure yeah
whatever book I'm gonna go that guy so
thank you very much for watching it make
sure you leave a like rate subscribe and
turn on that notification bell if you
haven't seen it when you create a
YouTube account you click subscribe
you'll see this Bell appear next to it
click that Bell and it will notify
itself and then you'll get notified
every time I post a new video so thank
you very much for watching I am gonna go
I am absolutely exhausted I'm super
excited to start my day which may be a
bit of a failure because we haven't yet
got tickets for Disney so we may go to
Universal tomorrow we'll see how that
one goes but again no orange what sound
shirin anything so I'll see you guys
then we'll see what happens how much
look and I said yes
