good morning Jose mother his blog that's
how I'm starting my vlog good now I'm
going back to bed because you need to
learn how to sleep longer so like what
do we do
a wedding like before the wedding
because we don't put our suits on yet
when do we put our suits on like five
minutes before the wedding I would say
we don't aspire again yeah let's get
some food first what are you doing it's
a good thing we do in today is your
birthday either birthday but you'll need
it today I'm gonna go down breakfast
I could have gone off adventuring into
town to go get some breakfast and
explore the area but Jill's put attire
mean I could probably still make it
yeah we would be as pristine white also
wear the same job over the last three
days if you noticed are you wearing a
Craig David tissue under it
oh man that is a nice view for that Joe
try try and throw a sugar cube tonight's
really sugar cube in my drink if you get
it in I'll give you one trick wit this
is your birthday goal one opportunity
underarm okay I throw it back in yours
copyright I'm ready to go Jesus Chrome
ready oh where oh yeah yeah where is it
I've got a thread coming out your ass
you go try and find it yourself
Oh actually tend to get turn bit no
other way other way other way yeah I
still there oh it's still there is there
more than ever
oh he's got it good yeah sure we're
tight all right
you have to yeah good I'm not sure about
this time I don't know I've made it
exceptionally long it's supposed to go
to your belly burn so I'm gonna redo it
oh wait a lot you don't know how to tie
a tie I went to a school you have to
wear a tie every day so I think I've got
it nailed to a tee
Brian look at that suet boot iterator
Rocka Rolla can like a fish like a final
confession lookin fine and what's that
come switch I'm very happy with the
choice of tie he picked me like that
looks good and they look fresh I think
what fly and then there's Joe in the
match
oh he's gonna be up yet hopefully today
now try and get it the old way
Tiger the only way Oh God is trying to
grab the biscuit one go no no come on
yes Oh God God God biscuit enjoy you
just wait Joe get ready this where to
God we're going to be late to this
wedding
oh go go go go go go go go don't go Joe
Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe -
Joe - Joe
he never noticed you watch your pockets
no you better watch out you're gonna
find out every piece of clothing you put
one's got cuttle really this is so
goddamn gorgeous look at this place
what's it go will you follow each other
in line on convoy Thanks we've made it I
think we're wait can we fit through I
don't know if we can fit through I think
I think even the drivers trying to
decide if we can fit through which may
lead to like a castle entrance or
something oh but it's a tight fit
oh my god can you make it no way you're
right this side
we're just here a massive scraping it
collapses our share stage - here we go
should we get in the front she was
shotgun we've been dropped off
everyone's getting out the band and
check this out look how cute this is
welcome to the wedding of Christie and
Mike oh never Rollie go go go go go go
go look at this this is wedding goals
this is so beautiful you're all right
you Josh your birthday I'll let you keep
that complimented I was gonna say it's
like that's the small amount of chairs I
guess we're standing Wow very cool
oh the rest of the time arm is joining
us and we've all Nick to the umbrellas
sorry but yeah it's compulsive sons
coming through the trees
oh it's like they need a quick minute
did you see it running down this is so
cute the freshly putting the flowers and
put them into the Hodge
oh so cute they look so nice it's still
quite a lot of rain coming down off the
trees bogey down there it's gonna be
falling the only way did you
two million pounds okay and now you've
got that Tom I am not accepting that bet
I was totally so is it coming up oh here
he is
looking sharp if that's his daddy bumped
out with a the beer bottle is a legend
that's how it's done mother and dad
show him the band is warming up I'm
liking this entertainment they've got
here and he got busy he got real busy
got people there all the way we good
look how magical this got they've got
all these roses going down you've got
the band you've got everyone stood
around this is so beautiful this is like
like the perfect wedding
okay I'm going anyplace that is absolute
gold a beer and a vape pen one legend
had to take the umbrella officer they
had to take it office when it rained I
couldn't say no they gave it to the
groomsmen he nicked my umbrella now
we're getting soaked it's just a little
bit of trick I would not kind of hood I
would say we could see everything but
there's definitely an umbrella just in
their way oh look at the groom that can
all happy and smiley Oh
all right here we go it's so cute
don't read the music static and we've
managed to get an umbrella can you see
this rock is gonna sit in this lake
forever as a symbol of their love and
marriage worst timing man ever Kobe yes
three-pointer a successful wedding now
it's the crazy aftermath of getting
everyone onto the cars onto the gas into
the vans in the cars and then getting
down to light where the reception and
basically getting down to where the
alcohol and foods gonna be so let's get
down there Joe I'm tiny so I get cold
very quickly
exactly I'm a big boy nice well I've got
a bit more food little layers you know
dad Bob oh yeah boy this is well modern
that's what I call service at our
wedding before you get on the coach
running the balls out to help and
drunkenness oh my god it's like I almost
know is this myself look at that arms
coming thanks Jo
I just really kind of want to see it
fall come close this look a pocket I
definitely put it up bad house a long
ass coach Jenny but we've made it to our
sons oh don't say that Jill we would
have waited the wedding a little bit
longer
oh look at this little bit lavender oh
that's a lovely good data
he walked into four girls like oh I'll
take a champagne and then I was like no
I'll take a beer instead of now our
guineas a second listening thank you
this is hella nice cheers mate age to
another adventure now dry and joined
with two Americans as well come on well
you can't decide whether you're British
Irish or American Scottish Oh
I'm Scottish top of the morning to you
that's a nice steak and chips and got
some langoustine and someone languishing
for some poached prawns poor is it oh I
see
he walked away he knew especially I'd
rather it fell naturally than me
touching it because I'm gonna get
accused of losing it's not alright then
let it go let it go let it go until it
and it didn't fall just for the record
you're stood up straight
that's how bent it is this is what I
always wanted to I wanna come to
weddings and play Jenga that's it that's
wait I'll get you just stop you jump
Jenga
Oh
what good vibes people who do wedding
brushing make up stories about who
they're having a job why don't we just
spend the entire night and making up
what we do yeah like every single person
I'll introduce you to someone and then
you say what you do and then I'll just
go with it I'm gorgeous I'm going for
male strippers at one point I'm gonna
say male strippers to like some dudes
you're more likely to be a male stripper
than a killer just you yeah is that like
let's be fair if food time I love that
hat that is a beautiful
oh no we're videoing so you're not bola
bumming it's a beautiful hat we love
your hat it's now time to have some food
so we got photo bomb real hot it's where
we are bloody there tom cassell and Jos
ugly sub-sites
this is a real wedding oh my god
oh my god this is amazing oh yeah they
own that right all the spell
a lot to work here at Legends we got
Wi-Fi password guy enough with some
potato and leek soup
it actually looks incredible that stage
in the night now where it's like ties
are off I'm doing don't want one don't
need one and shit so it feels so nice I
know it looks like I've eaten half of me
already but I got some broccoli some
mashed potato with three pieces of
chicken but you've got fish now you be
nice to me yup send the meat this way
come on Bieber go on be fertile and I'm
gonna give the chicken a 9 the beef
the fish
I didn't add any and the vegetables ten
outside veggies attend other than that I
can't vote ties off shirts undone how's
your patches
drei I was really sweating my nipples
off before it was the struggle Matt
Williams oh my god I love your TV show
I've always wondering Matt Williams
through the flower you can eat the
flower ya gone
I'd like to say a massive happy birthday
- June Thank You Jonas family man thank
you joining us so
to you the birthday did Jose
happy birthday
alright alright a wonderful good luck it
was quite short cable here for birthday
bumps we say I'm so glad you will make
it oh all five of us respond as you talk
much when I start dancing to health and
happiness I love you brother
I love you like a brother from another
mother in another mother Selena Gomez
watch this vlog I would love to take to
an Irish wedding just say record she's
gone
million Instagram post I know it's a
long shot it's a long shot but I'm
saying like see now if you feel like
what you say but doesn't matter that but
I think I think I think I'd like being
all right beside Tenjin was the byron
song happy yeah happy birthday Byron
it's your birth you probably knew that
Byron cuz it's your birthday Byron happy
birthday birthday
oh yeah these are the legends we've met
to the side this is what we did this is
called blogging and the more drunk we
get the more random against one is I'm
absolutely sweltering with heat no tie
on sure so Virginia where are you
dragging you show you everything I'm
buddies
nope
I've been patching a hog today I'm good
ah we're gonna just go and play and I
call it nosebleed during the speech oh
yeah head of nosebleed during the final
speech I do kind of look like a pimp I'm
wearing a suit and a hat like a fucking
pimp out a Saints Row Dick Tracy who's
that some people draw no joke I
seriously don't know where I got this
hat from I'm gonna keep wearing it until
someone cleanses hat back oh yeah
time for the f to buy a set big fuckin
room I like help me come downstairs to
the bottom we've got 25 minutes before
get kicked out turns out this guy knows
us looking for a home it so what was we
going
was it a one-time
okay 15 into 10 1 1 to 5 C 0 G 1 which
to me it was a good I called you on it
you like to drink with Tom the storm is
I'm a repair when we drink we talk he
gets down in 8 7 6
maybe that was cool
we're not going back we're not going to
bed not going we're not going to we're
not going we're not going to not gone
we're not going to bed he thinks we're
going to bed but there's no more music I
don't want to go to bed let's go stole
my hat I found you I love you kicad you
know nothing Jon Snow
someone came in the bathrooms like chomp
yeah Tom you go to mr. boots I was like
what happens if you most diversity were
like you have to walk home
nope right has he been drinking you and
you under the influence of the Hulk
my screen was don't dab on the haters
thank you very much watching of look
make sure you like subscribe ding dong
the Bell and we'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. with my Bell grow up she says
that the hey fellas alright we're go to
bed we're doing it
thank you very much watching make sure
you leave a like rate and subscribe
diggin down the Bell next to the
subscribe button never miss a video in
your life because you get notifications
what you doing
I don't did this device twice twice is
nice how they use father Joe
