good morning will this is what I've
woken up to a little cat a little kitty
cat scratching a little cat a little
kitty cat scratching wait Luna's first
time chasing a mouse look look a little
face oh oh are you finding it nice and
comfortable in this room now because
that's probably where you guys - English
the town it's just mewing me at home but
I'm gonna to leave you now actually I'm
taking you it's okay listen we're taking
you to go pick up mommy and then we get
a moment and then we're going seeing
your auntie auntie Alice and Grandma huh
mom you ready it's okay
I'll take good care of your little one
but yeah everyone off the syndicate
original so she's having an adventure
welcome to the Audi okay now you've got
a toy so you shouldn't need to scratch
my Sade
suede seats okay so oh sorry I'll get
off here so how about you'll get comfy
how about you get comfy and dad I'll
Drive nice where you going
hey going you know that's the one place
you just you would not go ever and you
keep trying to get down towards my feet
why stop it stop doing it stop doing it
next step of the day we've collected the
wife we're taking the cat to go and see
syndicate original but I mean I
basically mean it my mom and my sister
if I need to pick up five K's on the way
so that's fine
don't say five days no I mean I'm
picking up five guys on the way
where is she you're right down there how
was that journey mom don't race me I'll
be back in a minute
it's like the hardest decision in the
world I'm Scott what got even more
complicated I just wait Fanta orange
don't even think about running away all
right chill there then this is the goals
travel travel around the little kitten
little Luna this she was supposed to be
in a bed on the floor and she's like no
I'm good I'm good at that's what she
said to me when we were headed she said
to us I Drive just like it today with
dad today
there you go hey stop it chick she's not
used to being handled too much yet so
she's a bit this is your auntie Alice
and mom mom this is Luna oh she's well
uh period news
it's really interesting do you like a
moon oh the big s sure is available now
sitting original doll Wow Alex gasm
Liddy have you got a sales picture is
just we have durable cuts let us buy our
cut food by shisha why Stine you know
like that lose that looks normal
oh that's better good that was weird do
you approve mum is it so first of a
color no way get your colors now at
citecarev.com oh my god you looked
adorable have you discovered you can be
really comfy like this like holder like
a phone nice is that okay now I push you
away and leave bye bye don't you jump
you crazy cut I get a free head massage
here which is great little kid he's fast
asleep oh my god will you pee pressuring
moment to get in the car yeah mom you
should ever get the little boy get a
little brother is the same Korres er or
you should get the little girl oh wait
is it another body it's a girl don't
believe in involving on a phone where
you've been all day look look at ya
your auntie Alice I love that color my
shot this time do you back I challenge
you to find me one person who doesn't
think she's adorable
everyone knows she's amazing you look a
little bit comfortable there cap and
we're gonna have to upset you cuz mom
needs to get out and then you me gonna
go home and stream okay teamwork
teamwork makes the dream work
buzz can you cook this for me okay
little kid oh that's Wesley bit less up
correctly
ouch throat you one day but you don't
like when you're a kid and you mom and
dad leave you in the car because you
sleep in I feel that's why I should be
doing with Luna because it's very hard
I'm gonna get out oh yeah do it live up
that chicken dude is the Lubar chicken
ah-huh that what I just bought
oh yeah Lube magic all right I do make
your kids smart they know I know we
where is she
are you ready for some food poisoning
you throw it out for this away here they
got nice wait what you get what you got
customers sausages to eat can you so you
look poster come on come on goodish
sunset Hey so well say sunsets and still
in the body sky looks gorgeous
oh you joke this is the first time it
matt says it you noticed it I'm sure
he's grown its massive
I can officially say Steve meeting the
kitten was uneventful she decided to go
for Ken with a fluffy steak over a
Bailey dragon okay of course dude their
own scale of size right now that would
be a pretty epic battle to the death
well you know hopefully not in the devil
it's not saying that
what do you kill the cat what would he
didn't look he's got a massive bite on
him but then again she does have fangs
so let's did she really just not
bothered in his life you've definitely
outdone yourself are you carving it
whose cabinet I'm on and I'm the man
that this house but like I don't know if
I'm lipstick ow I don't I don't I have a
not have a carving knife but I'm not
good at carving my dad to do it me this
is a kind of dumb dinner well done with
you the wife cooked all this I didn't
help I was live streaming oh I could
have helped anyway there's nothing I
could have done more DL guys I think
dinners served so you like to get your
asses cool eating food that is 2d work
to done is it not is it not a sharp
knife my dad tried to cut the chicken
and it just grazed it I made this feels
so good
well yeah you brought it you look at
your baby so do I know what it feels
like cheesecake I had to fight it was
gonna fit like water no vents I proper
settle but I mean oh no no no no no no
it's okay it's okay no no you gotta
decide which one of these would go far
okay so whichever one you stand on first
we're gonna use you ready and in the
middle no we gotta move over the dead
eyes you pick the right one
hey I'm trying to melt your heart look I
said you old boy he was like yeah get
the brother yeah we're trying to get
someone local to get a get the brother
this is like this is like a favorite
thing to sleep in you guys that computer
no don't you try getting involved you
guys just said it's a wrestle mark
where's the cup or the cat run or tap
out how much was it all that matters Tom
wait we'll ask you Tom whose fault was
it
we might question - what was it she
reversed into my car on my drive whose
fathers oh thank you and I did move it I
did moving houses so I always well pitch
my evacuate the car tom yes I've made my
car yes actually no she didn't she
didn't ask you for me my car my car
wasn't there
goodbye gonna love you gun dad face bump
bump
face bump cool kept yourself
drive safely run that's why so gang
what's the review knows it knows he's
not the size of my little finger finger
yes
just like that ladies and gentleman that
is gonna end at the days of we actually
managed to sneak out and let Luna sleep
downstairs because we left that doors
open in case she wanted to come up I'll
cut all of this or anything but she
chose to just sleep on her own
downstairs and me and Lydia got a full
night's like rest might be like what
just you don't I feel mean like
walking around just leave it on her own
so not Lydia at the cat so Luna slept
downstairs by itself didn't need us she
was completely relaxed and I'm like a
proud parent had a first night on her
own so yeah she's getting used to the
house I finally introduced it to the
basement and you'll see that in
tomorrow's vlog but until then I do have
to go and start the new day so much love
makes you leave a like rain subscribe
I'll see you guys faces at 6 p.m. ish
tomorrow and until then make sure you
leave a like ding dong the subscribe
button notifications get notified when I
post a new video and if you're wondering
why I'm not really paying attention to
the camera whilst I'm walking around
it's because I've lost the cat I've not
seen her in about an hour
yeah sorry all
