okay Steven all right now is that where
you going and touch that question ladies
and gentlemen I am deed going down to
London for two days to say I don't
really want to go with the weather like
this not usually where I stammer Dean
and I would like to say I did spike my
hair up and thought I looked like normal
today but I look like I've been
electrocuted butter will indeed start an
idea that train station I've got two
American friends Jen and aj h' you guys
know i went to their wedding actually
the first-ever wedding I ever went to my
life and they're in London so I'm going
hanging out with them
you better know we're starting today
with a coffee and a toaster aka
a breakfast of champions miserable day
in England right now but I'm hoping
London's gonna be a bit sunnier because
I haven't got a water if Co with me I've
got the cafe on the train is about four
minutes away
no bad I'm selling runescape and editing
the vlog and just like that when someone
just looked at me right in the eyes
whilst I was thinking about it sorry
okay
I just realized I miss myself whoops
well that was a mistake
yeah that was the wrong train I'm just
gonna go and stand there nod and hope
someone helps me around on the trains
because if you go the wrong direction
that way all you got to do is cross over
just to come back from the wait game so
saying that technically I should just
look across here and it should be
another train can see I was going south
that way but now just go back north I
came from because I need to be going to
Victoria right I should be doing it with
trains to get me to where I need to be
to meet it with AJ I've just got to get
to that apartment and they've rented
which apparently should only take me
like five minutes to walk to so fingers
crossed I don't walk the wrong way oh I
found AJ I found AJ straightaway what
time is it what time is it beer o'clock
really assessing me a long day then okay
oh my name is Jen bougie hotel ooh boogy
boogy boogy after you mr. Anderson thank
you hmm Oh looks like we're spiriting
tonight guys not a bad view at all look
at that scene all across London looking
flat looking fresh and yeah this is a
married couple sharing the bed and then
they're gonna put a sofa there for me I
should just rent my own room no wait why
are we messing around with a soul for
this bed is big enough for all three of
us come on guys I've been to your
wedding at least let me spin you for one
night you didn't even invite me on the
wedding night you're definitely going in
the middle me I'm not the middle I'm the
end of them I'm the bread yeah you know
you're the middle whatever you do don't
touch anything
it could be pressure censored is it
that's nice nice dice not yeah I'm
opening the paprika Pringles wait how
much I love you Pete the pre-cut
Pringles go on love it
no 4.50 yo bog No
you could get the full top for that size
what's your favorite bring up some
cilantro you just said that was by I
hate you
is it not Maria that definitely doesn't
sound like up snobbery oh sorry oh my
god can you put down my friend a chair
outside a minor house okay is my bed for
the night oh boy that is five-star that
quality oh my god
spring you spend the slapped on welcome
to my hotel review like Joel is he's
welcome for like a pop at last nice bad
days I like oh she's American and she
knows more than me diana used to live
that whoa that's well nice these build
it this is why I love London the
architecture so random you're old school
in like new school love it
alright so British buy a chandelier and
have some tea
that looks beautiful good-looking tea
sets and stuff I was filming that like I
was just staring at me intensive Oh
Kensington watch wait Chen is tuned but
as you say that really wrong Henderson
Lodge will kill you how cute is that
book for 11 million dollars or no no no
pent house in Kensington for 4.9 million
nope oh yeah Dora this is only a three
double bedroom for one play seven
million Wow you wanted to go to a pub
and that that's a pub that's a serious
book the church you'll look at it that
looks so magical mate that is it very
nice looking for yo what a spa this is
sick I'm from England and I like this
you're a tourist who is this oh no this
is such a British pub but I absolutely
love it look at it stood in the Sun you
go inside
oh yeah this is like something out of a
movie moving moving yet Jinjin oh my god
you look so beautiful in the Sun Cheers
welcome to England homies you've been
here for like a week but whatever Cheers
Mitchell ten out of ten love the beer
love the sunshine love the flowers I
don't look so white you know golly I
thought you're gonna say absolutely then
I was like you're damn right you like
together for holiday so far much better
with you now do you prefer this RI
beefer I've just realized something
who's the one guy I know who knows
everything about getting car parts
who's the one guy if I say do you want
to trick out my Land Rover Defender
who's gonna do it who's here AJ right
now AJ do you wanna help me trick out my
Land Rover Defender to make it Nicole's
defender ever absolutely how many cars
have you owned a J AJ is the guy to go
to four cars and that is a fun house
doing it right I'm gonna give you my
defender or is gonna come to the UK
flying home live it out
hey AJ hey cannot attend for prison I'm
on your page we needed the ship's Holika
plundered all there's a red boss the Sun
sorry are we going no where are we going
this way
nice look at these houses oh my gosh H
that is the most peaceful you'll get in
London without any cars driving by that
is so weird but this is so London these
houses oh my god like they've got to be
20 mil for all the stories if they came
together which they definitely don't
they're like easily 20 million no yeah
20 million for all
in Kensington damn right that look at
that that's some paper money right there
a goddamn I've seen things like this
before but that is beautiful in it don't
you just go wow wow like feel like I'm
in the Beverly Hills of London yeah
right movies an app where we buy houses
on but look at dude this has got this
has gotta be worth hundreds of millions
Israel right now this is the perfect
time it is well look at look at the
clouds ah birds and everything I've been
talking to them alright calm down
I've been talking to him on all day
about like how much I love traveling cuz
I love just finding peculiar places and
when would you think you'd find this in
London I feel like I've been like it
used to be no no no it used to be the
British TV show where it was like by the
scene he was loads of colourful houses
what was it called where are we right
now
this is so look at you so content you
don't even care he's just he's just
drunk is that I like live it was it was
a children's TV show and all the houses
were different colours British show stop
making everything American alright just
cuz you kicked this out the country that
one time it wasn't Balamory well oh look
see they even love it they're doing a
photo shoot down there I think it was
Balamory what's the story in Balamory
what would you like to know what's the
story Balamory where would you like to
go ah yes
okay I'm freezing cold I forgot a jacket
All Saints AJ you would be correct in
saying I get fifty percent off
everything in America not the UK so
unfortunately I ain't got no black out
here is it as a boomerang
I managed to buy something that
represents myself it's dark and I like
it I'm okay with this I bought a nice
buddy I'll stay warm
I don't feel walk around wearing a big
khlo oh it suits the the brain-dead top
we think my new jumper I like it she
hates it UAVs advice and denim no this
is pretty thick nice I said oh my god
happy hour orbits two to four no it's
two for one till 9 p.m.
sold this place is hella nice oh I like
it I do good shout two-for-one Monday to
Friday 4:00 till 9:00 p.m. I love it one
of the dreams is called the fappening
yeah yeah I'll take one of those boots
What did he say in Sweden
that's good hey what do you give that
matter attend oh you hate your drink oh
that's for the drink the bar was at ten
out today that's cool
my drink is amazing I guess a 9.5 for me
your drink oh it's actually called Bob
and we're now looking for our next
location
this place looks pretty dope where we're
going the gin bar gin and tonic gin gin
and tonic this place looks cool
have you seen now cue that cinema is
looking at electric cinema it's bloody
tiny dude we're an earth this is Notting
Hill I tell you what if you've never
been to Notting Hill I'd say this right
now I do look at that place there we
should go in there Jen we're going there
Jenner I'm gonna grab gum it looks like
a tea shop but it's a house of Apes are
we going there I ever have I've never
been here before but I'm absolutely
burning and you want to go there yeah
I'll always like Willy Wonka's alcoholic
factory sold if I ever come back to
London again I'm coming here seriously
thank you yeah jet were you doing come
on Jen hey Jay boy step away from the
wall
he's cleaning the floor you don't give a
fuck about your bags all the side that
you just run over literally oh you just
run over as a sign no oh no I stuck
under the wheel it just run over a
roadside and then it goes to go to the
wheel so again out fine
Wow so hit so god damn him I love it I
feel like having a Bloody Mary just
cause it's like such a solid like big
drink and it's like it fills you up a
bit I'm gonna go for this one now that
looks like a Bloody Mary buy spicy is it
is it is it spicy yes well wait are we
going for Chinese food
we have 45 minutes to eat all of this
nice thanks Jen forgot my phone charging
case so we're gonna leave our phones
here on charge we're gonna go for dinner
at this light Chinese place upstairs I'm
sorry you don't gonna see what it's like
but I have to go and I have to charge my
phone so I'll see you guys in a second
we came back from having food I'm sorry
I couldn't show you any of it bought
they've turned down the turd wait have
turned on the turn down music listens
the music is this let's get it on
okay so you guys have fun I'm just gonna
crawl I'm gonna crawl up in a ball over
here I don't see anything it's okay it's
freezing in here by the way key to the
AC off for God's sake you're Americans
and your AC is horrible turn it off this
is the situation right now rather than
going out and getting spanked dangled me
and Jen Jen seven a glass of wine I'm
having a bit and we're gonna follow a
movie because mr. Mr Bond
she asked me what my name was at the
desk and I didn't want to give him a
real name so I said the names bond so
are we putting on a movie you're pushing
me over the goddamn edge I'm about to go
and rent my own hotel room okay I'm not
God that clogs you're American all right
just put the AC on a medium heat you can
keep the windows closed I'm freezing you
debt you dare touch you turn under yeah
oh my god bro I'm absolutely I've got my
clothes on Adam in bed and I'm freezing
you bastards I won't deny I had a really
good night's sleep until it died which
really opened the windows lies then
windows were closed I went to bed I woke
up at 4 o'clock in morning with the
window open house freezing cold
Americans in their AC man but enough to
end today's vlog it was a very calm
collective night which I don't know if
the same could be said for tonight or
even today so happens we need a drink
you can so easy like fizzle out at then
tonight what we were yeah that's the
full definition of day drink in the
Sun's up in your drinking okay yeah
cause it's not definite we'll figure out
what guys I got to end today's vodka
thank you very much for watching if you
haven't done so to make sure you
subscribe to channel turn on
notifications ding dong that be out and
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next day of like well I'm gonna go
start my day get my share organized and
you will see tomorrow what the surprise
is gonna be which ever told you about so
you could have to wait and see wait and
see we've got Dempsey so much love and
it's hurry oh Sh
