hello there I'm greatly naked and not
for long mr. eysher of choice is gonna
be the beautiful shadows of evil no map
no tactician I am gonna be wearing the
long-sleeved coat of arms from syndicate
original that was a did a such a good
job of laying that show out to show you
guys you know it's accurate I'm just
wearing it said look look at that
but this is hands-down the best show
we've ever dropped and does it clusters
saying it's a when it's a
long-sleeve shirt I don't know but
wearing it team just honesty let's roll
inside here I have this computer
rendered me out to videos which is great
I've can't wait for tonight all morning
I woke up and was just like for
breakfast what should I have probably
wasn't the best of decisions but I've
got the vlog edited uploaded for
yesterday I've managed to edit two
gameplay videos on the bar so I feel
like you've got a productive deal really
I could just like go back to bed right
now some extremely tight but I'll stay
awake just for you guys and before you
ask what's in the box
I shall show you first of all recycle
you can save the planet one can at a
time I think we're gonna brought this
knife right here to get inside this box
and I'm gonna let you take a guess I
know you're gonna get it wrong I'd say
well who is it clue I'm actually leading
you you ready I'm currently on exactly
what I'm unboxing so I kind of already
already have one of these only one I've
got something similar but when we got
one of these and you're leaning against
it right now are you ready you've got
five seconds left to guess about five
seconds five four three two one and the
answer is today is Thursday September
5th there you go it's another Alexis oh
noes I was talking about you not to you
thank you but oh god I got myself
another one now yes throughout my house
you've got speaker speaker speaker
speaker loads of speakers basically and
they do work they work absolutely great
like it is really good fun but a lot of
the time I don't know this is like the
worlds behind these last night a time it
is like the world's laziest excuse but I
don't have like voice activation for
these which be pretty cool and I'm
pretty sure there's a way to me to
integrate them with this system so that
should be good as for right now it's not
so I've got one of these down here so I
went
cooking or something I can just play
music or anything like that but that
means I don't have one in my bedroom so
you know like when you're trying to
listen to that jazz and you've been like
oh I'm so smooth music but no really I
actually wake up nearly every day when I
won't quit when that speaker used to be
my bedroom I used to wake up and be like
hey I likes a place move just like that
let's have a listen
ladies and gentlemen oh so smooth we're
going to start this day
we're motivated we're feeling fresh look
at those clouds Wow
BIA what a fun but then the annoying
thing is like whenever you want to talk
about the device she's always listening
because like you know that elects are
over there oh I shouldn't work for once
you know that elects are in the corner
you know that Alexa yeah okay I tried
that twice and it failed I like to shoot
your mouth whoa that actually worked
great food of choice ah bananas so look
in the fridge I've got these fish in
here which is Oh oh that's out of date
and got stuff coming out of it that
looks great I could have another monster
for a you know you know for lunch enjoy
everyone for breakfast I'm gonna go
ahead throw this in the bin I would say
throw in a compost heat and safety
variant but I don't have one of those
and thrown away okay I should just do a
day of trying to eat the most
unhealthiest things that come in my
house cuz yesterday I did have toast
with crisps on it which wasn't a healthy
meal in this life but today we could
have toast with butter ring icing cream
on it the thing is all I want to eat a
steak I don't know you can't just eat
steak but I make a really good steak so
I'm tempted to go and buy some chicken
mmm
winters definitely come in and that
ain't stopping me from wearing shorts
like I'm actually really not hungry now
you realize I have no idea what that was
I'll replay it again and I still don't
have a clue what it was I'd say like
maybe it was a bird squawking a summit
bought I did not sound like a bird
squawking the way time to go and get
some grub and I was going out food but I
didn't say I was going to eat and
helping Oreo milkshake oh my god amazing
ordering the milkshake was a good idea
until I had this remain yeah that's a a
chili cheese hot dog fries and mac and
cheese
oh that's what I'm talking about I
managed to secure a few kills and I
gotta get away with oh right
four kills and I secured the victory
sweet very we've game mode but at least
I got a victory of il ich no for like
the past week you've only seen me be at
home because I've been like host Lena's
Hell on the gaming video it's got the
Royale Channel I'm sorry popping I'm
trying to forget the same guy downtown
so I'm multitasking like a boss but you
may also notice right now that you've
never seen this background before in
your life because spoiler alert I'm in
London now I'm in London for one of two
things I'm not gonna spoil a lot why I'm
in London for anything at all but I'm
saying this right now
tomorrow's blood you can see me go down
to London it's gonna be all cool gonna
meet up with some friends not saying
who's not saying what not saying why but
then Saturday it's going down now I
can't tell you anything I'm not spoiling
anything but on Saturday it is going
down so on Sundays vlog Sundays vlog if
I can hopefully get it uploaded on time
you are gonna see what I hope to be
something that is like what three four
years in the making so I don't know if
it's gonna pan out perfectly we can only
pray and hope so I'm just gonna say this
right now and sorry the past few vlogs
have been just like me being at home but
it's the thing of you know when I'm at
home you know when I'm gaming I'm on the
whole so I'm really enjoying and that's
just how things are that said on the
inside I'm going absolutely crazy cuz
I'm not doing any traveling now the new
college you eat comes out October 12
which is absolutely wicked so between
now and then I'm trying to get as much
traveling in as possible so I've got
resonate Scotland that I'm going up to
it just gonna be absolutely wicked so if
you're not going there i really suggest
you do go because me Cal and Alice are
all gonna be going it's give you like an
epic epic event and more than anything
we're gonna be going out drinking
in Scotland which is probably gonna be a
really bad idea for a gaming event but
that's what we're doing anyway then I've
had about an email which I spoke about
the day of going on an adventure with
one of the side men to spoil a little
bit to Dubai for like a four to five day
epic trip now the thing is it's so close
to the car launch that I'm like I really
shouldn't do it I really shouldn't do it
I really shouldn't do it but I know more
than anything that if I don't say yes to
it I will regret the opportunity like so
bad like I'll be so upset that I didn't
go and say yes to it I didn't explore I
don't have fun with this like in
particular I remember a double despoil
who it is because like when it goes down
we've talked about traveling for the
longest time together and we just we've
never got around to it so if I can make
it happen it will be absolutely worth it
so when cod drops if you do see me go on
a few little run of adventures and
you're like wait what are you not just
at a whole no life in it you need to
understand that if I don't go travelling
I'm gonna go insane so I'm trying my
best to go on little adventures here and
then before I get like you know go down
settle down for like the winter and
that's all I'm saying so I'm gonna have
to leave today's vlog I'm sorry it's
been like a few days of just like doing
nothing but but back traveling we're
back doing some stuff and you'll see
what's going down over the next few days
so thank you very much for watching if
you're excited make sure you leave a
like green subscribe turn under
notifications and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next area
flog that is if I'm not too hungover
from tonight because of this guy so I'm
gonna go much-loved I decide yes
