mmm gray miserable seven full in the
morning why am i awake well you know
what the hustles real decided that you
know what my gameplay video was
rendering overnight managed to do it in
three hours not bad not bad
that's get it uploaded tha four hours
twenty minute video here we go
are you gonna take 21 not bad and go
back to bed now good I hope this makes
your morning is for his mind
when I wake up in the morning it's a new
day and you better know your boy is
absolutely starving and I'm sick of
having cereal I'm I'm I'm sick of having
toast you know I'm going in your boy is
going to Manchester and I'm going
getting some dim sum are you ready for a
fun story so I'm actually going this
morning for dim sum with Lydia now
that's gonna freak a lot of people out
you're like what the heck what's going
on now me mother you've been speaking of
it recently because we have actually had
booked for a minute now a trip to Disney
which we've still got the flights and we
still got the hotel and everything me
and Lydia are on good friendship terms
and there's no real crazy reading into
it and because that I've not been on
adventure in a minute and soon as always
the paid for our trip
you better know I'm going so control
your testicles hold on to those titties
I will be going next week to Disneyland
with Livia as friends so prepare
yourselves I'm more than anything please
be respectful hi that sorry that was my
uncle George's running down the road in
the sky so I thought I'd have to give us
some inspiration but yeah oh wow
prepare for everyone the vlogs be like
oh my god
control yourselves yes this is how you
have a breakfast of champions this place
opens up at 10:30
I know it is 11:30 first serve okay
that's just weird some public fog legs
might try it
mm I'm being taught culture right now in
a China you pour your tea last otherwise
it's a sign of disrespect ain't that
right oh come on
a poor jokes first I better put my back
in because it wasn't ready now weights
go to Florida you know why cause it's
gonna be raining it's tropical rainstorm
it rain whilst with it yeah go into
Disneyland which I should be happy about
but the same time I'm not because it's
actually tropical rain storm season
shark fin and fawn
I don't care if it doesn't classed as a
healthy breakfast that is a healthy
breakfast
salt and pepper chicken wings by its
breakfast it's my breakfast it tastes
just like a chicken wing and it looks
like they just sprinkled the stuff on
top of it rather than the taste actually
doing it itself it just tastes like
chicken wings mmm sticky rice and tea
leaves wait what this just doesn't sound
right
out of 10 what unit breakfast oh yeah
8.52 salt the chicken with luck it a
little bit so to our tech lab joking she
was like what
that was a bad dressing no give it seven
I could understand why this is 500
pounds oh my god
feeding time for Steve this thing's just
chilling meanwhile this guy's try to
climb out hello hello there oh my hello
you are so big and so far so think you
came from something this small hello
mate that's exactly the size Steve used
to be oh no that was a baby you're
anyone I love comments as well if I can
spend so much time here like how much
time I'm just entertaining myself
I just didn't just taking my snake for a
walk I'm gonna have to assume that this
was my dad's doing I've now got a wizard
one stuck to my car you know explain why
there's a one stick it off the car okay
excuse me excuse me one stick of the car
I win hey a 1 a 1 it's a magic one it
looks like a 1 everyone ask yourself in
life when was that one moment you
realize you've grown up it's when you
open up an Amazon package right and the
one thing you pull out of it is this yep
that's right and if you're wondering
what on earth is it what could be this
beautiful contraption yep I am
officially Earl yes that's what I'm
talking about well this is getting one
step closer to being done check it out
well I say once of course it's being
done finally got the floor
all the salt a crap well I can start to
do now is we could keep that table but I
think we should just get a new table to
get rid of this one anyway because this
is my dad's all dining table which used
to be my mom and dad's old dining table
I believe hence it's like 20 years old
or something so let's get rid of that
let's get a new desk put in and then
let's build two setups not for just two
for now and go from there
it's like a plan ain't that right Steve
and this is why I love Beth oh my gosh
look at this almost year it's cleaned I
oh I forgot your shirt oh I have more
sure it's more t-shirts as you can tell
I have a crazy arrangement of whites and
blacks but shout out to Bev where as per
usual
the house looks pristine bathroom oh
she's done bathroom look at that
telephone pow pow pow perfect gonna see
ya don't mind if I do chicken check none
door sauce with chicken and spinach
fresh veg and then my gosh this is it
it's concentration mode we're gonna get
a win because we have to get a win look
at that the sunset now because the time
of year is has now changed perfectly
outside my view of my house
gorgeous Alexa play Eminem eight-mile
really that's my she's a hater this is
what Kyle thought would get me hyped
no no kill the kid don't be mean I swear
when you got here it was daytime I swear
when you've got Aries yesterday well
yeah you've got here at six o'clock
seven o'clock yesterday it's now one
o'clock in the morning and your man's
only just leaving what on earth is going
on
Cal's got the text message saying yes to
go home now otherwise you're just
staying keep playing all right mate good
thanks for dinner by the way
really appreciate me my turns cook next
yeah what I can cook wait until you see
my steak trust me is god-tier love you
laughter car left at like 1:00 o'clock
in the morning i stayed up till 7 a.m.
what's that i streamed for like an hour
2 hours playing fine that on youtube and
then after i got that out of the way i
was like oh yeah i'm just gonna sit back
chill and you know I can yesterday's
vlog I told y'all playing runescape yeah
play it's like seven
I don't know why it's like when I warned
you it's an addictive game it really is
because you always want to try and reach
that next level next other than that
next level but one of them satisfy most
things about that game when you reach
that next level and then you're like oh
I've got nothing else to achieve now so
then you have like a little break from
it but then it makes you want to play
even more because you're missing so much
so guys I've gotta win today's vlog here
again if you were cheated in last night
to livestream I hope you enjoyed it it
was litter than a titty me and car was
really fun I was we really might just
cute - so cute secure - w's but it was
absolutely amazing that some incredible
place he's really really improving and
I've got an amazing video going up on
the royale channel so again if you
haven't subscribed to syndicate Royale
if you are a fan of but RL John Rose
whether it's gonna be the new car Duty
battlefield podgy fortnight subscribe to
this channel turn on the notifications
we're currently on sixty eight thousand
subscribers nearly on 70,000 we're on
the road to 100k and when we hit over
Andrew K we get a plaque I don't gonna
get the plaque I'm gonna put it on this
wall and it's gonna look epic help us
out only go and subscribe to that
channel if you like battle royale genre
if you don't don't bother subscribe and
if you like I don't watch gaming and you
don't think you're ever gonna watch a
video don't subscribe I don't want to
have like inactive viewers over there so
go check it out
show us some of and I really appreciate
you guys support because who knows
imagine was like the new button the new
battlefield coming out with his power
out the new college you it all these
games and battle royale imagine if this
channel on its own can reach like not
only 100,000 subscribers one target fall
but maybe a million subscribers by next
year that would be crazy like I said
I've got to go I've gotta get this vlog
rendered and uploaded thank you very
much for watching I know a lot of you're
probably freaking out with the whole
Lydia situation but truly I don't want a
lot of people like crazily reading into
it cuz it really isn't anything to read
into it I just want to keep it like
casual at the end of the day we are good
friends we broke up because of the terms
let me travel in a me working and that
situation still hasn't changed you might
be live but you're around in the UK a
lot more at the moment and that's just
because I'm prepping for October because
you're knocked open who called you Tom
B's comes out and when that comes out I
already had call hammering that but with
that said I did get an invite with a
certain Seidman member not gonna say
names to go out to Dubai for like a
three four-day workshop so I'm a kind of
be doing that because it sounds like an
offer I cannot refuse and it will make
for the vlogs to be incredible and
consists of some epic epic traveling so
in like a week or something I will
indeed be going to Florida I'm looking
forward to going to
the world not Disneyland if you just
help me out keep your eyes on the
comments guys flag down any appropriate
comments thumbs and down just push them
down the list if you don't like
something that someone said I really
appreciate that and if you guys can just
be you stay classy stay awesome I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
day of luck so you leave a like right
subscribe and I'll see you tomorrow
until then much love - ah d awesome Oh
