not sure how this happened but it's
currently nearly 7 o'clock in the
morning and I go to bed no joke look out
I damn look how I am I'm absolutely
exhausted two cups of tea kept me a god
damn wake the entire night to the point
that it's actually daytime the sun's
coming up stream for three hours got
like three wins a time for that which
are stoked about and it was like right
guys going to bed before you know it I
was a 9 bloody 11 conspiracy theory yeah
I'm gonna go get in bed close my black
up lines and not wake up in the morning
so peace up oh it's a scorcher in
England today absolutely beautiful I
don't want to have to do this I rip it
can't make me day is the day we organize
and go through everything here
everything that's gonna be auctioned off
for charity we put to one side
everything that needs to be sent away
for like a charity animal shelter thing
we put to one side and everything I'm
keeping stays on the table so that
further ado ladies and gentlemen welcome
to keep it sell it charity it without
further ado look I already gave up like
not even joking I gave up because I knew
I just couldn't complete the task
without a cup of tea so now that I've
got this let's go back gasp there I got
something this is proven to be an
unsuccessful day so far but right we're
taking this come on we need this camera
stand we're going organize him and get
my life together for you guys we're
gonna go downstairs we're gonna organize
all this stuff and I'm finally finally
gonna have an arena area I'm in say area
to create the lung self you know if
there's one thing I'm really good at it
would just be like picking that all up
and then hiding it in the spare room
upstairs
I'll just pick it all up and put it
inside there or inside there then that
way it's just gone and I can get on with
the one setup book if I hit this head on
which should be set what are you looking
at
don't judge me alright I'm gonna get it
do eventually right there's one day just
like how you were actually supposed to
be underneath that staircase rather than
on an angle
yeah I'm sorry Allah give me a hot job
in here and by the way if you didn't
realize that this is truly supposed to
at the gaming landscape is you know what
am I in my office not like streaming the
stuff of it well were the three monitors
and like the Box down for the lights
when it gets so hot that's why in here
we put like an industrial AC unit in and
oh my god trust me these things amazing
is it on
that's an art Mike let's put on max fan
speed and I am now hey go it's on I have
you be so dad dad dumb but damn cool
whilst doing this so first of all we're
gonna be auctioning this often just be
more information coming about this soon
I've talked and teased about it on
stream that I've worked on a concept now
for a couple of days that hit me at like
four o'clock in the morning to do
something amazing to raise money for
charity and yeah it is the concept of
like you know auction and there's stuff
off but it's such a bigger picture and
I'm working with James and you know does
that the outro and the things that pop
up in there in like the streams and all
that sort of stuff
James is incredible and I'm gonna work
with him to like mark up what I want it
to look like so then that I can take it
to like 3d again and just make it on a
whole nother scale but all these sorts
of pieces of equipment that I've got
we're gonna be auctioning off like
properly not just like alright so we've
got like Tempe for it like proper
backing auctioning stuff for it but
hopefully more information about that
soon but stuff like this on live systems
something that like this this was
supposed to be like you know the shadow
PC that I did this was supposed to be
like that
but this was what six seven years ago
something where you bought like this
little box you put the inner you can
play like android games on your TV and
your living room or anything like that
but it never really talked off to be
honest like they sent me in a
subscription to it but if this system
even still works like we can auction
that off but I don't think it's a good
kind of auction this is more of a we
need a third pile this is gonna be the
pilot take into a charity shop charity
auction charity shop I'm keeping it what
on earth is this like even is it
anything and it actually has a little
respond thing in this so not exactly a
charitable action wise but someone I
think maybe they've got a game they want
have a game another wristband so got set
speak is here that we're gonna give to a
normal charity because I've had those
since the day I had my first computer
that right there is my first ever gaming
PC and that's my first ever monitor and
then that's my first ever set of
speakers and this subwoofer and set of
speakers were amazing honestly I use
them for the longest longest time a fun
story actually about these speakers I
used to save up my money for like when I
was young like pocket money Christmas
birthday all that sort of stuff I'd save
up save it up save it up step up and
whenever my PlayStation 2 I went out and
I went to go buy a portable screen for
the top of the PlayStation 2 which ended
up being one of the best purchases that
I've ever made but I didn't tell my mom
I was going spending like 2
to quit on this screen or however much
it was and she found I kept it secret
from I'm not like secret like I wasn't
allowed to do it but she would prefer me
to have spoke to her about doing it
first but I went out I went to buy this
screen and because I spent that much
money on the screen and I gasps they
were like oh you get like fifty pound
off another purchase so I bought those
speakers and I brought home set a mob
and then it was hard to obviously hide
these speakers from my mom so she was
like where did you get these speakers
from what else did you get because
that's just said you've turned up and
dropped off this screen and I did so I
ended up spending like 300 and so but
quit on a playstation portable monitor
screen so I could play my playstation
from my bed like late at night when I
wasn't supposed to do and these speakers
for when I was gaming on like the big
screen and stuff and the moment grounded
me she actually grounded me for spending
my own money and to that day I always
resent her for that I was like why did
you ground me for like a hopeful part to
be able to afford the screen and the
speaker system but she was just annoyed
that I like kind of went behind her back
to spend that much money I know it kind
of makes no sense saying it now but it's
a kid yeah I got I got grounded for
spending all my all my savings on my
pocket money off on something that I
really wanted and to use it but then
after I got ungrounded oh you better
know these speakers I've had these for
like maybe 15 years seriously 15 years
for game of speakers 15 years or some
other absolutely incredible so to
whichever charity I take these speakers
to honestly they'll be so worth it I
don't know when I've received this
package but I definitely never saw this
it just got hidden down here in this
pile for some reason but what work
experience this life experience
influenced you most in my youtube career
and I'll say like you know seeing all
this youtubers succeed and pushes me
forward and drives me forward and so
like before I had a successful a YouTube
channel like looking up some people that
watch and seananners seeing how they got
hired but before you can make revenue of
your YouTube videos you have to get
hired at a company so it's a machinima
would say hey we'll give you a job where
you basically make YouTube gaming videos
our offices out in America and but you
basically live in LA you're working get
paid a salary and you get to do YouTube
for a living and that's what inspired me
the most to want to be able to have
their job and before you know it I ended
up getting the opportunity to have their
job but then didn't need to take it
because YouTube took off instead so and
then he said do you play any games not
on stream slash YouTube that you play
offline so as to separate
your career and relaxing I do play a lot
of Fallout and don't stream it but now
it's like I've got the new channel I've
got a reason to shroom it's that channel
instead so not really if I feel like
playing I just stream it and that's
kinda how we got in to do my YouTube
just having fun playing and share new
people at the same time but the whole
ski sent me it looks like Harry Potter
monks yeah look it looks like I've been
sent to a Harry Potter mugs I don't even
know if this is the same light off the
same first of all but oh yeah I think it
is because he said sorry about the floor
I think this is just packaging yeah
that's just packaging to keep you safe
though can't you get rid of this bottom
out that freeing up space on the table
boy nice thank you very much for the
matching set of mugs I have no idea when
you sent this but I appreciate it
okay I have questions now because I
don't know where this box has come from
either but this seems to be more Harry
Potter related stuff where on what what
is that what waist how I never seen this
before Harry Potter sorting hat first of
all thank you to whoever this is off
dear Tom Lydia Alyce Caron and Luna and
Gatsby oh and Steve I'm glad that you
spelled Steve right and oh my gosh
this wait thought this was eleven
seventeen oh my gosh I was like wait
that's in the future I started watching
your vlogs about two years ago and I
really enjoy and continue to summarize
his post as I was dealing with a lot of
health related issues if you are holding
this up to read in the syndicate office
please hold this up high enough for
Alice yeah unfortunately not in the
syndicate regional office about to be in
the new lungs oh boy I'm sorry
they won't see this but they'll
definitely see this in the vlog oh and
hi to Karen T we think you are all
awesome
it took us from August until now but
it's finally off to the UK yeah best
wishes
Janice the mum and Lauren Cole guys
thanks so much for this you said this so
longer I don't understand how this box
has only just made it to me now like I
guess my dad must have just got it put
it under the table and thought like oh
it was something I was storing or
something but thank you so much because
there's an entire box now to confirm I
am not sure whether this whole box is
from them because there's an empty
lucozade in there which makes no sense
there's another letter in here like some
some wrapping paper and
is that a bag of fun it's a bag of
Funyuns in there I don't know if this is
office all the same people or different
people right yeah what is this the same
people I think it is I'm not sure
Oh sick a syndicate lion poster you like
I might have seen this before but I'm
not too sure
and if seven centimeters Savio poster
that is absolutely awesome barn thank
you so much I never try and intend to
not see these things on purpose like I
just you know get caught up with like
traveling or smaller that so if a
package comes and I don't see it and my
dad puts off to one side then there's
really nothing I can do about it I'm
afraid until when I finally like what
eight months later get around to
organizing it so sorry about that all
right this was all part the same thing
because this says Tong here are your
treats note will explain and you better
know you better know how much of a fan I
am of those oh my god Funyuns hell yes
what is that a gummy candy remote
where's this phone
I don't know wait what is this as well
wall craft bottle blind I'm not actually
too sure what that cheery cherry
cinnamon flavored candies okay this is a
fun way to teach Lydia how to use the
controller plus snack yeah I definitely
got this package a bit too late dinner
mm-hmm okay so I'll make sure I pass
this on don't wear it's not a problem
but I will pass this on to Lydia I'm
just going to assume that because these
these cops I think one of them was for
Lydia as well so I'm gonna put oh wait
we need a new pile we've got Tom's
keeping pile the chariot piles and now
we've got a gift to Lydia by yourself I
just put that there
I don't make sure she has it hmm and
when our date February 27 say what my
limited issue no raise the headphones
which we're taken out and used and now
they're totally not the resolution is
that way brownie pepper on it all boys
better no I found my old wallet I've got
one Barclays card in there and then let
me show you your boys under-16 ID Wow
what is this called a citizen's card hey
guys don't buy me just gonna come in and
try and buy a game over eighteen totally
gonna get away with it there you go
I don't know if I traded it in and got
money for it I think I traded in doom
for 399 and then got mercenaries will
in for $39.99 weird-looking bucket you
receipts what's this xbox360 live pants
I spent 17 pound 50 on that an Xbox 360
messenger kit which was like a little
type of thing you can put on the bottom
you controller but I'll feel bad company
from game station for 40 quid hell yeah
what a game xbox 360 saints row oh my
lord and then oh by the way if you never
had a Casio calculator were you really a
school child and you know me being the
the menace that I was yeah I just
completely ruined it so pro tip in life
never give you kid tip X the moment he
gets up X they'll ruin everything you
know I was saying earlier about where my
dream job was gonna be well it was
machinima and before they went like
could put and everyone hated them there
used to be the best gaming company like
the world and this is why the community
of people who work there what absolutely
incredible work oh my god Megan X rpm
doing a flip book picture challenge oh
is this one
Oh me and some of the homies for
machinima I'm moving up on it and move
it about this one me oh my god me and
mother father oh my lord to think me and
mother father went from doing this book
flip book way back then to then living
with each other to now I don't know
where he is I used to live with him I'll
say just how it is it's a public
knowledge like most of us would you stop
doing as you TV ran out and when he
couldn't afford to live with me and took
her out in LA anymore like we had to
basically kick him out the house he met
like that's a sport it's just maybe
can't pay rent then you've gotta go so
he ended up getting kicked out of the
house and then after that from that
point on I saw him maybe once or twice
the parties bought every time I asked
him what he was doing for job II didn't
have anything to say and that was it he
just disappeared off the face of the
earth to was bought yeah I hope he's
doing well in life and if he somehow
sees this I miss you buddy I hope you're
well if you want to come and stay with
me in England for a week feel free to
come on over and I'll let you crash here
and I'm now giving away more stuff to
the travel cars and a via media live HD
card that's really out of date but if
you can raise money for charity
old-school thing I've just found here if
I can get it out but this is the
original prints layout screen for the
gold digger artwork which is in Chris
in condition which I need to get framed
and put up somewhere because oh my god
is this all of them this is the first
ever sure syndicate original did after
we left the previous company I worked if
you guys don't know what happened when
the previous company that used to do my
merge that's why I asked diet cynic
original is every YouTube has got like
these companies that I've had a regular
you bet for you and it's just some like
Joe Bloggs like you've got no relation
to my you don't know him whatsoever
but they can fulfill the service
sometimes and I work with a team called
merch addict who were representing a
bunch of other youtubers so they kind of
like a Spreadshirt smile at you know ask
well you can just go on the website
upload your to sort of like design and
then then just sell it and basically I
work with these guys for a couple months
and everything was good and I was really
getting into it I had a lot of pride in
like the clothing lines it wasn't just
like you know crapping a little youtuber
merch like design sort of stuff that you
were so typical the time it was we were
doing something different trying to
create a clothing line
but merch on it kept falling behind with
like orders and sales and the website
kept being down all this and I kept
complaining and being like not happy
about this and it kept going on is that
don't worry don't worry we'll work on
some bigger things that things that
quality print and it send me loads of
stuff I was like yeah you know it must
be going well but cuz I didn't see the
behind the scenes in what was going on I
never knew what actually was going on
behind the scenes is that the guy was
spending all the money in like wages so
that when it came to actually you know
buying the actual t-shirts to then print
on and stuff like that that when it came
to that time at Christmas roundabout
like a few months leading up to it all
these orders were coming in he couldn't
fulfill the t-shirts because he had no
money so anyway we got past the
Christmas period it was a massive
trouble people were complaining left
right and center and he was like dude
I'm really really sorry now that I was
like nowhere as nowhere as well I think
we're gonna part ways and you know can
you send me my money that you owe me
feel like my court of the shirts and the
sales everything over the past few
months we've been working with each
other because like I let him keep hold
of it just whilst you know we needed the
money to like be able to take care of
all the other orders so basically it
turn around and was like yeah man this
is the problem the business is going
bankrupt I'm sorry I won't be able to
pay you mate I'll try and get some money
out to you we'll see how it goes in the
end the guy ended up owing me like 75
thousand US dollars didn't pay me
threatened to sue him and take him to
court and he was and then bit a turn
around that because he set up as a
company and declared bankruptcy
we want got penny out of it as far as us
like you absolutely slimy scumbag and
just did loads of other youtubers over
as well like he he basically just ripped
them all off and stole from them because
effectively the wages that he was paying
himself and the staff for their services
and took all the money out of the
account to be able to you know make the
actual shirt so unfortunately it just
like screwed everyone over part for
himself he lost his business in the end
but I don't think he actually cared
because he just like hustled everyone
and it did supply that you don't merge
for quite a while
built up he's like roster and then was
like suitable it got my money and run so
really shitty situation and then from
that point on that's why I was like I
will never work with a company like that
ever again and from now on I will own
every step of the way working on a
merchandise like store online or
anything like that and that's exactly
what it was in the original school boo
yeah that's why I've got so much love
and passion for it cuz we do it properly
we do it right I'm very proud of my
family by how we look in this needs all
just moving upstairs and organizing this
is rubbish charity charity don't know
what to do with this old PC because what
we were thinking is maybe open it up
taking it to area getting all new stuff
put Nick's on what of its great the case
is perfectly small-sized and all that
sort of stuff just clean it all up and
give this to cow cuz it's my old PC give
this to Cal and then you can have it as
a streaming PC it's absolutely perfect
if there's a job amazingly it just needs
a new graphics card in it and then Cal
can be up and running for a streaming
and everything but this really so far I
know I've got these boxes that I need to
go through right now but may I've
already put in like an hour of down here
and I'm just like maybe this is too much
for me right now you know what even
though my dad's real PlayStation games
and bits and boxes I can't actually
believe that but it's gonna be what is
it there we go straight where we going
expenses bagand what is that it's a
picture of meat it's another picture of
me there you go just Tom being a little
machine of a thumb by way back in the
day looking like a little scrawny rat by
oh my gosh check this out this is an old
twitch.tv lot of people in the chat look
I took a photo of everyone my Polaroid
camera got a random photo of Alice just
looking like a dirt and then a really
happy photo of me Evan aircard
you can see me up taking the part with
the Polaroid and his family this this
eldest one it just turned 50 oh my god
which has now led me to I know exactly
what's in here if you ever remember back
when I used to live
dad's house not big white unit behind me
right that thing was just full so much
random stuff and I mean random stuff I'm
like I don't even want to go through
that much random stuff to a point where
each box will probably take me entire
day to go through because there's a lot
of stuff I was like you know oh this
look cool to be on a shelf and it was
nice and meaningful but I don't need it
so there's much someone to go through
this this is my entire gaming's lives
collection of junk
over the past seven well us let's say
five six years when are you still have
it my dad's house so I'm gonna put that
on pause for now I'm gonna go through
all this and we're gonna come back to
this at a later date don't you dare even
judge me Steve I've done a good job okay
it's just the thing I've done add in in
it and it just doesn't seem to be going
down or importantly I still don't know
how I want to lay out this room I really
really really really don't say get rid
of that table we could use it as a
temporary one I've got all the plugs in
the floor we like Ethernet ports and all
that and bought as much as it is I don't
really need like the six-man Lancer
because as much as I love all my homies
in the UK but never really going to be
using it like as much as I wanted to
have this is an epic Lancer and for all
to come round I went out and I bought
like literally you can see in there 6 X
boxes I bought six X boxes for result to
play like modern warfare remastered on
we played it for a few days and then
they all just flake going back slightly
I don't around their jobs well go back
to jobs or just sit in an out doing your
nose I don't just come out and kick and
play games what God can't be honest all
right with it screw you long the Lund
set up fell apart because you buy is
bought because of me and cow I'm gonna
get this set up I think we're gonna need
to put some soundproofing on this wall
here maybe this wall which I look quite
nice and you might like or why because
see that stone there looks quite good if
I put soundproofing along there or make
this room much dampened and feel really
cool there's a sound a bit less echo
which would be great cover up these
doors with acoustic panels and you might
black more hurt but truly think about it
now that you see these doors like
they're made out that oak yeah they look
nice and the only reason why they're out
of oak rather not gray or anything like
that is because all my doors in the
house and made out of oak what if I can
put some acoustic paneling over the
whole entire thing I like get it
custom-made then that doorway can look
black that wall can look black and then
that way we're making this room look a
bit cool because it's the one room that
just doesn't make sense that you come
into here yeah you've got like bathroom
you got your pool you
court room you've got a nice little
social bar area over here which makes
sense if anything I could do I'd rip out
this wall which to be fair I think it's
a free-standing wall and don't think
it's holding anything up so if I wanted
to I could pop this the entire way
through and you know what if I pop that
through I could actually fit a pool
table down here instead but then I
wouldn't have a LAN so up so
me and Kyle need a recording self here
together with each other so that's what
I'm going to be working on let's get the
shit organized mmm I'm not really
looking organized right now because I
then went from doing that to streaming
the next minecraft episode voyage of the
deep for like five six hours and so yeah
I would say it was like started with a
productive day then just went downhill
from there but we will get this room
organized we'll get it done we'll get it
side and it's gonna look sleek I just I
don't know I don't sucks like if I said
to my dad like build me a house my dad
can build me a house with building what
I want like save like I've got an idea
for say like I want to do this to a car
and all the people to get on board to
like you know take my Land Rover
Defender even though I know you could
say like oh not be a bumper fix that's
someone else but say if I were to put a
whole new engine in my Land Rover
Defender kit out so it wasn't like a
residentsleeper engine it was an
absolute beast just like a sleeper
mechanic well you tear up the road I
know who to speak to to go to get that
done but when it comes down to I need
someone to make me a lunch set up in the
basement I just don't know who to go to
father like a few people have reached
out bought like you know for custom
furniture and stuff my it's mega
expensive like it really isn't like I
just want like a nice cold vessel that
isn't gonna cost me like 20 goddamn
grand or anything not that about a quote
boy I want it to look dead sleep dead
cool and I just don't know where to go
who to start with or anything so if
anyone has any ideas or anything you can
help me out please leave a comment down
below but I really want to get that once
outside and you know we did say about
doing it for a like a six month setup
because then you know you could do like
a full like a team of like Call of Duty
team but at the same time there's no way
I'm gonna get six my mates round at the
same time at this house to play video
games and well they just passed that
stage in their life so it's like if you
do a two months out then it's like you
know two of you can jump in you can do
duo was like fortnight all these are the
games works but there
thinking like maybe four because any
like finite you've got full squad so I'm
thinking maybe a 4 player setup that's
full record in full streaming capability
everything and it would be absolutely
set so I do need to get my shit together
I do need to get it organized but it's
one of those things like when I've got
this room up here looking so happy with
the soundproofing you might all the cell
like looking really good I'm like I
don't need anything else
and I can just easily put it off but we
will finally get there and if someone
can help me I'll point me in the
direction of where I need to be going
I'd really appreciate it and I say thank
you and well I do need to say right now
is um this vlog was late by like
probably half an hour my grundle ended
up pop around the next day coming
speaking to me and it took about my time
like speaking to him so if I didn't
speak to him 10 minutes and then came
and edited this because I was like cuz
avoid be late and then I ended up being
late so I'm sorry this freak did indeed
die boy is that a new record rinse wha
nectar of daily vlogging and we've had
like what so far for upload of 6 p.m. on
time not but I'd like to say I'm doing
well but at the same time I'm really not
but I have to go now guys thank you very
much for watching it make sure you leave
a like rating subscribe if I do manage
to get my shit together tonight you'll
see a video on syndicate royale and new
gameplay that I've got going up there
and me and Kyle doing a duo which would
be pretty sweet for your faces I'll try
and get that minecraft video edited from
yesterday stream uploaded onto the main
channel as soon as possible but whenever
that goes out it goes out so just
subscribe to the channel make sure you
subscribe to this channel ding done that
notification bell and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog so until then I love you I'll leave
you and I said yes
