you see that little fucker see you right
there
starting this day by spending money -
yes now how much you think it'll be if
you guessed it correctly you get a free
pat on the back from yourself until
price was didn't lulu lululu 45 pounds
of lev√°ntense
i just jump up my car I'm going to
Ashton Moss bowling and I bump into
these two over here and Jeff okay what
did you do the ball one for two but and
it's a new names on the board yeah what
did you bought even made the board all
right so me and Cal have got to beat 114
yeah um yeah I'm fucked absolutely
miserable ass day inning them right now
I've got a target of 142 to be at
Hollywood Bowl this is a good way to
start a day got a coffee
why is everyone coming after a ball in
sports everyone now becomes the bowling
if I gunning for us we've gotta be a
hundred forty two you ready what did you
score today hundred thirty one and you
alright I got three hundred thirty one
hundred forty two
not only did we bump into your bowling
he's got in his map the bowling where we
go conned the chippy that we at the
other day in our food review and the
great restaurant where where's works you
can ask for salt and pepper chicken for
a secret star right dude so sick what is
this house bumping into fans over there
taking photos with him say hello to the
blog and this was who cowers taking it
for with me hey tell you what
practice your cricket attends Russell to
be on the team and then we can drink
hangout
Jesus man talk about like feeling the
pressure
at home we bump into just keeps going
you've got a balls good you've got ball
good I'm like what if I do a bad game so
do bad game now just good luck what's
going on in first of all you look
amazingly good no no no what's going on
with the names I'm legit bowling the
worst game I've ever bowled in my life
period I even put my brace on my knees
so I'd be okay for if I show you the
score real quick I think for six frames
in wait for it wait for it six frames in
I'm on twenty nine that is so bad we're
not even broke
we're bowling I'm shit at this point we
use it on like nearly a hundred who got
the money money who got it who got it
Cal who got it got it I got the strike
it's just up to me saying I'm going
really bad I got a strike but it's oh no
wait you're gonna fall over the strike I
don't know no way there's one ball
between us and we basically got 375
we need strikes the entire time oh he's
got it he's got it
little nails
this is our first game in like maybe a
we thought we've got three goes left to
try it
look at this goal 5453 strike strike
this is our like closest game always
Turkey in it they still away you're a
bitch
you're a base oh no the brushes are
bitch wieners return
I need this bad
now you know what this means you know
what this means the worst game of his
life gone great this is it
you take it you actually did it
wait wait wait wait wait you did it no
you did it your worst game ever turn
into a gun Turkey right bowling gun
Turkey no pressure but if you can get
four in a row you're a goddamn sexual
deviant oh god there's no way there's no
way no way
I need to see I need to see any
wheelchair there's no way it gets to try
and get one more go
there's no way our nose oh my four in a
row
not only did you well 3 I'm not even
gonna get the hood cream I just bawled
my worst game in my life which is 88
even though I got 2 strikes
and cow did a turkey then 4 and score
all right cows just an absolute beast
but I oh I just bumped into so many fans
here at Boeing my absolutely crazy
he's got strike they call in one thing
so many of you are probably mad about 30
40 people since I've been here and the
thing is they don't just get bows we
really get balls Raquel as well it's mad
do you know what for strikes and Rose
call either a four-bagger or a hambone
hamboning
you got a hambone mutt oh oh oh no you
did not just do that
you did not just do that you did not
just do that I do it not just do that
all right so cows are 9 strike I'm on
spare times gonna strike before we get
strike
what's girl that I don't know I'm full
that way there's no way that we spin on
the ball
girl cow is beyond destroying me don't
know 137 with one more girl left and I
look you see the scores you see that
frame they're left blank blank blank
spec so that means I like split one
split two split three split fours but
five splits spare strike holy crap and
then I got a turkey look strike strike
nine alright let's find out who's big
dog today ace we've gone 55 car with 146
140 to 133 I can replace this guy hello
can replace this guy I mean I wanted to
talk about it 127 for 132 that was a
good end game but that should have been
a search of it again I got way too many
non spares you gotta be honest that does
look like ways doing it he's totally
where's he's on his way to the graves
what yep definite where's me never seen
someone so badly look like Wes man I am
so good so good I'm happy I bowled 133
cow ball the higher game cuz he's a
better bowler we should've had it we
needed one more game in us I tell you
what we could have had it
we should've been on that we should have
been 116 that and on the top of the
leaderboards for the weekend a Lannister
always pays his debts
module well the one time I don't scare
you get scared they bring you coffee
come on and bring you I feel like why
did you Creek the door at the perfect
she's gonna step back until it all fall
out
shit well that scare tactic didn't work
oh this t-shirts kind of relevant today
in Ellis we're gonna start teasing it
yet what we're doing
should we tell them yes wow so many
stuff is comfy that English was not
English a lot of people have been saying
there's a lot of stuff in bags I like it
a lot oh this come from America
recognize that because it says United
States Postal Service on it what is this
oh the fly is going out and oh should I
do some things then oh do we know who
this guys on the foot next to me we
should find out who that isn't an Hakeem
or if he's going another Flyers
whoever this person is to swim in the
comments let me know who it is what his
name is and where he's from because what
I'll do is I'll get in touch with him or
send him like one of everything just
because he's on every one of these
leaflets
oh so Alex we're gonna do what we did
fry 60 I'm gonna sign like 10 10 no
12:20 I'm gonna I'm gonna sign that's
what I'm gonna sign 33.7 no I'm gonna
sign 33 of these yeah 33 and I'm gonna
write one hashtag to 33 hashtag and if
you buy anything from Cindy original you
get the challenge to get one of these
signs if you care about by the way I
know you're gonna win something you
gonna win it's silent yeah I don't know
yeah just hand signs of it some people
liked it and when we did it for our 60
so I'm just gonna do it again most
people they don't care but whatever I
don't think it has a perfect proper name
but someone who's really high up in the
sport called a sieve called a fallback
four-bagger
so it's a turkey Oh
our juicer numbers it's been a lot of
sweats than if Pro fitness yeah I think
this is a knee brace oh you said it
means inside it was saying I'm massive
shout out to the homie to Tom here's a
little something to help with the knee
pain hope it's feeling good soon love to
all that says something beat yeah yeah
is that his username what is that say on
the back of it it says something pain
what does that say mom not that
um um be 38 and be 30
um thank you what the heck is it oh this
looks so cute oh the most important
unanswered question on this offer
Emily thank you so much wait Supt is I
Mellie
okay Emily Emily oh I like that and what
do you want from me where is my night
season three to be continued are you
fucking kidding me
this is an O thank you so much for
putting me in your vlog and my fun in
the vlog for the second time as you can
tell I'm surprised and bloody grateful
thank you talk that is so cute you know
what I actually want to release an
official comic I want a life of Tom
comic Jack you can do it just like my
random adventures and stuff and I might
let people make them all no no I mean
like let people make up life of Tom
adventures like stuff like this I do
what my dream is to have my own comic
add you know I get to do it
galactic rapture in theory I want a
theory to do it so once that be
something gift-wrapped what is this
happy birthday don't but okay well
that's close thanks Mikey
looks like someone's trying to flirt
with me too Tom John your face wait is
this two penguins
alright thought out for you I think your
penguins kissing this young cow
20 bucks oh no wow did they say wise
have been an important biscuit sales and
SEC because you yo that's unreal what if
so Gavin Emily thank you very much for
that and don't forget you Oh Millie
Emily Olivia the first note sets up it's
me Mel Melly
and then the next one says I'm the one
who does these rickety cat sees that you
seem to love all of them keep selling
them you even serious and you even what
the hell no hell no crows I just fired
instance go dump and rock a gift note
from Cameron night just another crow in
your life to keep up a great concept PS
I want another go if you wanted to go in
the jug your SBI hit me or PS the more
business on the way for you to share
Cameron for you to share I know PS was
more oh maybe that's enough you've got
crumbs on your face oh I have the best
audience in the world a beginner's guide
to German
that's is Nick gonna cave is about make
this
oh it says salt I thought someone took
this out the library s under drinkin
eating and drinking recognize mealtimes
okay there's a letter
well let me just find a random word what
should we say oh it's like actual - kano
cinema kitchen Church get kidney prick
pop pop let's go to the die no die
canopy can i canopy die can i be keen EP
pub right what's another good one
that's a wrap house Tom Hall Oh Castle -
lush Oh shush that's glass oh wait a
minute
smack Bob who sent me this Dale Bowen
you got the man hello Bonjour happened z
x desc
Zimmer try again of a private line so it
doesn't see the number I think you must
click hello it's the stroke star in
forgiving just leave what you're
watching the blog you like
one more try say mommy syndicate injera
syndicate no no I say I am wait I need
to find it quickly
that means that does is syndicate thanks
for the book I really really appreciate
the book I did hope you had support i
can assume why that sounded like it was
a prank or it wasn't thank you
nonetheless i love your face and also my
name is spelt Cassell you spell it
around
he puts CAS CA SS igloo hmm thanks Dale
bye Dale hey hey she's awesome
but she says sorry Cal is the bowling
Queen and Alice is the Red King thank
you very much for that Casey I
appreciate a lot host collagen you're
watching well that's sad look it's a
good a bowling kick Queen Queen Queen no
why is it run 70 parts of clothes the
hell is you've got be kidding me it's
sealed with wax and a cruel stump the
head of the crows imagine this is like
the London mcgarricle oh this is from
Canada right so this is a storyboard oh
my god what oh it is it's a custom it's
a custom stamp well it's not my logo but
he's a Lyons dump for sealing that I
actually might do
to funds with the it's my dream to do
you are busted you are John snow busted
you are a crow bastard
well this is sick look they've got wax
for melting that you use sealing wax
that you pour into that you melt it into
this I think I'm just skipping this
interesting open I guess it and then you
stump it
this is dome thank you so much John I
appreciate there's a la wax seal stump I
have left an envelope for the short
letter ever written for your granddad as
well look rendered g e ribbon
thank you up Xylon wit me mommies how
you pronounce that Twitter handle that
one died on John
so did your collection for you I think
he's from scan for some reason keep
doing what you do at work a little not a
bearable
peace and love from Jacob Jacob thanks
brother I've never got a great their
respect what light is emitted glasses to
go uh we like to complete the collection
I only need one one more which is
Hermione Granger in normal clothes and I
am done
oh hey look at this we went rock
climbing what is it Oh custom syndicate
but oh that's pretty nice who is this oh
let me find out oh this whole paper just
for that small matter Liam thank you
very much Liam that is dope yo I was
wondering who this was often and I
absolutely love it your Ben Rao so I
think I say been around so thank you so
much for the Oakley snapback brother I
am a bit big fan of that really really
I'm not that I'm probably but thank you
so much - oh yeah yeah see well it look
so tun with this hat on now I don't know
why that made a difference but then then
thank you so much that my appreciating
this letter and it says oppa me careful
time okay but then it says on the
opposite end it's Steve not Steve thank
you everyone spell I can understand why
people spell Steve like that but it's st
e
the e and the story behind why I called
Steve Steve is because in minecraft
right the character you play as is Steve
and everyone looks like Steve but my
Steve is special so he's not just Steve
he's ste
ve cuz I've been trying was pretty much
little same so he's a big bit unique
comrade shadow thank you very much for
the letter and said PS tell Alice Steve
and Kyle I said hi say hi come on my
shadow say hi come on shadow hi gorgeous
there you go what's this whoa dope I
like the way of starting this sup mr.
cinder kitty I'm Sophie wait I'm Sophie
thanks Harry cupola night some crazy
effect you put on that picture but thank
you very much for the line just reading
what you put wait oh please say hi to
your family friends and call and then Oh
Brock is Alice Luke and your granddad
yours truly Harry Copeland are tall some
five toilsome five it doesn't opening PS
s arias aren't girls that is dope
I'll fix thank you very much feel like I
think I can see a drawing I've stopped
dropped it drawing of Stephen here Oh
Steve Drago the one and only big thanks
brother Alfie if you're watching this
may I don't even plan a date in advance
of my life so be not supplant a year in
advance is pretty intense but dude if we
ever get the opportunity however love to
it was a pleasure hanging out with you
insomnia oh you're right on the back PS
Starbucks said they expunged me if I hit
50,000 subscribers or more could you
help me out I've lost up right with a
youtube you're not the best thing to
always do is to grow your own subscriber
base I know it sounds like weird like
until you're like well established
because having your own core fanbase is
the greatest thing ever like people who
send me letters and stuff is outstanding
so I'm just like hustle yourself to like
your first like 100,000 and just see
where it goes from there
I got to admit man that is a dope-ass
logo and a dope-ass business can we
working on that syndicate original
limited stuff would have looked pretty
shiny man if we embark on what this next
limited-edition thing is gonna be one I
think it's the most meaningful limited
edition product we've ever done - it's
gonna take a long time in office like a
long time but once sir once the time is
up for selling them they're never coming
back
now before I go for the weekend I'm
gonna do something pretty damn cool if
you place an order syndicate Ridge you
don't get yourself t-shirt merchandise
whatever it is I'm gonna sign ten of the
proper posters that we've got like the
big big posters and we're gonna pick on
Monday out of the weekends orders ten
random people to win a signed poster so
if you fancy it place your orders right
now and syndicate regional commlink I'll
be down in the description and one of
these two will pick okay you don't know
if she gonna do it you gonna do it
I was gonna pick ten random people so
I'm gonna sign them right now there you
go they're all signed all ten of them if
you're the chance between Friday and
Sunday at midnight you've got the
opportunity to place an order for a
wristband or hoodie
a hat anything right Alice yeah and I
look like some of these two randomly
going with your order so if you find a
when the tube we have a tube if you
receive your order and it comes with one
of these and you didn't actually order a
poster you know you've won so
congratulations to your faces have a
nice weekend
love you bye bye now oh wait one second
oh god bullying Hagrid in granddad's
letter me look at the size of that bird
on top of my house I'm pretty sure
that's a magpie but that is massive me
you need to lose some weight you are fat
you are fat but oh my I don't even think
I don't even have to speak about this
book my video went up from yesterday
about me going down visiting the
Manchester Memorial because that like
that was a plan that's what it did and
that's what I did in my vlog so rather
than the video being titled something
like eating at a restaurant or something
it was Manchester Memorial with a love
heart and in the description but I just
bought the phones that were killed and
injured in the Manchester Arena attack
just give him donation page where people
can officially donate to help support
like the families and victims and stuff
like that but oh my lord
like I know the Internet is just stupid
sometimes but the amount of people
jumping on the bandwagon of how dare you
use Manchester Memorial in the title for
views subscribers at of money and I'm
just like okay first of all every video
I might upload on my channel is actually
monetized okay it just all my claims
that's just a setting on my channel so
take that back a step but this is my
town I'm from Manchester and I work to
show in my life going down to the Morial
so
exactly what I did but even more so and
already donated more than what this
video could ever make to the cause which
was a thousand pounds for the actual
funds but the comments in the video are
awful
everyone's like oh you're just the worst
person ever you're a scumbag like how
could you do this and I'm just like oh
my god I'd want to change the title and
I want to chat change the thumbnail to
someone completely different but oh my
lord the amount of people jumping on
this bandwagon blows my mind cuz it's
like this is my city this is where I've
grown up this is what I want to share
with them all because this is my life
and that's what I did for the day and
the amount of people just being so
self-righteous and one in a god damn it
an argument blows my mind please don't
ever be one of those people jump into a
conclusion unless you've seen the full
picture of something like sorry for that
bit of a run I just felt it was
necessary because stuff like this you
know it's my life of trombonist live
some of the happens in my life so it's
just just stupid goddamn people opening
their mouths when they're not
necessarily needed to be open so they go
you want to hear a really bad idea how
about having a really bad knee that's
been more painful than it's ever been
for the past like weekend I'm going rock
climbing tablets decided that rock
climbing last time didn't actually hurt
money any more than usual so I'm gonna
take it easy take some tablets some
paracetamol or ibuprofen as you like to
call it it to everyone else in the US
would be Cola us call it haha oh wait
there's one that thinks you can escape
over there is he see I don't think you
seeing it oh it's burying something I'm
gonna get it you can't escape this Steve
Steve get him get him get him get him
get him get him
no okay Oh double kill
gave me gave me this guy's like a
photograph to hide behind
Steve's that you found nothing bitch not
missed you missed it I could tell I'm
gonna regret this so damn much I thought
I got invited rock climbing so not funny
no Alice can't handle Cal's way because
she needs the sandbags I'm here to do
cow that not something Oh girls putting
his bum bag on okay I've got import so
tight he's trying to apply his charge
bag sausage nice they asked Carl damn
look at them carbs I saw those mine you
mean you're swinging in my demise are
you oh well is you go girl okay let you
down oh nice and where is that cliche oh
god let's say you're gonna get open this
whoo she's already go over one you got
what cool are you doing any we Alex
don't forget don't climb Alex don't
climb about someone make check yeah it
makes you don't call the book someone
yeah get left as fast as you can sorry
about this team we got she's dead
worried you can do that oh go on laughs
you rates catch me football life are
deaf Alice don't fall it's that simple
you're lost she's made a tidy
go left leaving it go unless you got
this you have there you go see keep your
hips tucked into the wall
nice touch the top good job all right
and on the rope so I get a drunk person
down a mountain spider-man spider-man
that's a big ass no that's not my gran
its my sis yes it is
look at that ass that's fantastic
what child it's a spider it's badass be
fine yeah how you knew who you knew
these walls were fun but this wall is
for now we're gonna go for this room and
what color we going up pink hmm
pink is the easiest but let's let's take
it easy for now you've got a great day
by the way turkey ham bone and now
you're doing some clamming why you have
a bag of drugs in your hand Oh Tom
Michaela we got the goods do this is
just a disclaimer Comic Con does not do
drugs he just gets drunk enough to the
point where he looks like he does do
drugs
Oh
Wow what color did you do cheese Louise
what happens to the big volume ah nice
one wrong you had a new haircut and you
feeling freshest do that there you go
both of you
and then I thought God who is small on
the screen guy pulls a broken neck it's
cold
oh good it's not exactly difficult
alright you've already broke the rule
he's supposed to do pink Ollie's well
I'm green and black just just the pink
ones okay count
let it fall let her fall galas Gotti
stunts if be you aim for hours I believe
in you owners do you see the nice push
if you don't touch to see you lately
it's like climbing Mount Everest she's
not going through summit climb up and
touch the ceiling I'm often up to 40
down she goes
first I salute you come down fast of it
all that way Oh what nothing
cow was coming down and Alice got a hand
stuck in the B way okay
shit I know she be fair Alex I'm say
this right now is your fault he's not
supposed to have you on that close to
the I think it was he got the pili I
know it's got be lame Cameron what the
metal things called something that comes
on tell me I'm sure but lo and behold
she got a hand too close to it like
you're not supposed to do and kill
that's wasting time at the zoo
absolutely amazing and there is that
injured soldier oh poor thing
see you Nando's stop or I'm sorry
Mendoza Ashton I don't wanna have to
cheat and you better have to cheat on
you cuz you too far away anyway closing
time zoom tap to get some food there's
two cures here first one is Nando's the
second one is ice let's have a look
all right it's looking better open it
boo that that's me me I'm an ESP mundos
we don't need this so we can get rid of
that ornately and I'm gonna go ahead and
take another virgin but a pledge in
murder that's what I like to see the
last people leaving Nando's member
there's clearly people in there they're
the employees it closed out past 10:00
and it's now 10:30 7:00
what's so bad well this is your hand
falling off yet it looks like it's
falling up man drown your sorrows will
be able to thank that I'm right-handed I
might open out to hold a Prosecco box oh
shit
maybe we could have put one beer helmet
swimming gear with bottles per second on
either side you know I'm saying hey I'm
on telly mom oh yeah Debra I'm on seller
ah Deb's that's his mother you know you
know I did so no it did make it four
strikes in a row if that doesn't deserve
a like great I don't know what does well
in comments in the comment section yeah
oh
congratulate et oh sweet home it is now
like 11 o'clock at night but I really
wanna play colleges on peas and I really
wanna live stream so you know what I'm
gonna do play ecology zombies a nice
true day six of climbing not Everest by
the way if you don't know I called my
drive Mount Everest because look at the
goddamn steepness of it's ridiculous
I think this trees dying by the way this
tree I actually love it everyone else
hates it because it's just there and I
could have done like a butch better
Drive when all that sauce go for in
front of the house because of this tree
being here it's got a preservation order
on it so if I touch it like if I've
decided to go I'm gonna remove it I'd
get a twenty two thousand pound fine and
maybe jail time most likely definitely
jail time like don't get me wrong it
would do me so many favors if it was
gone but do I really want to spend
twenty two thousand pounds and removing
the tree no do I really want to do jail
time for removing
three no so you know what I like the
fucking drink and there we have it
lasered up in my date is over and look
who's joining me for tomorrow's vlog hey
Tom alright so far code the weather is
raining now but I will see you guys
tomorrow for the next a vlog make sure
leave a like rain subscribe
I'm actually wondering this is my
longest vlog I've ever done like thirty
nearly seven minutes so someone that is
crazy so it is where it is thank you for
watching I hope you did enjoy it and
appreciate everyone who sends me stuff
to the PIO box like I said if you do
want to send anything like a letter or
anything like that in every single
description of my vlogs is it the P o
box address so if you want to send
something there you go I don't ask you
to I you don't have to or anything but
there you go so I've got to go now
because I need to get this uploaded cuz
it's five o'clock and it's probably
gonna be later so if it was late shout
me in the comments subscribe and sarios
