oh the perfect way to start a Victoria
with 10 kills oh ye look at this
beautiful day in England rainy and you
better know your boys going to a spa
yeah the one day it's actually God just
and me my mum look at that taxi service
it enough we're going to spa hello there
are you having a great day so far so far
so good bye out do you have to drive
yeah I could've drove now you tell me
oh oh yeah Karen we think we know where
we're going because we're going to us
thanks for filling me full of confidence
as I've just stepped into the vehicle
but going to get cucumbers put on our
eyes and afternoon tea before they can
do something about these spots I've been
bit by a vampire
well DHEC we actually made it mom's
panicky driving got as everyone peace
thank God we made it nice area Aaron is
currently rocking the the ugh slips mmm
tasty I do kinda remember coming here as
a kid I do kind of bloody hell mate he
is playing that close to the wire
oh I do remember this place cuz he's got
the it's got the zipline right well you
go getting a massage why you putting
them on I used to love this place as a
kid but I never knew this was here
odd fellows on the park hotel with
character charm and a little bit of odd
okay if I could decide anything in my
life
this place is definitely hard there's
someone who's reminder wedding Alex
won't mind waiting here you know what I
proved this spot like it's a lot
stagnant water
oh the pigsty Solander booty mmm well
this is well nice
I'm going to get a 30 minute massage and
then they're gonna turn me over and
massage my feet I don't know why I can't
just do the rest of my body for 30
minutes Paul C was amazing she was it
was it I came out looking great and
relaxed and ii could not be said for you
wolf laughs and that is a very very oh
my god there's the bounce castle that is
a nice ass car blue maserati
oh and then oh yeah can you do that
maserati no I don't think so I promise
you that if I get this Jaguar I won't do
that
I won't park on double your lions all
welcome at the terrorists the terrace is
open come and take a closer look oh
you're damn right I'm doing that is
amazing what the heck this place is only
20 minutes away from where I live so
nice old ass house just like loads of
fields and grass broken down trees and
stuff this place is amazing we're just
waiting for my mum and I'm gonna sit
down and have her afternoon tea where
you get like a buffet and everything
nice no but birthday present thanks mom
- gotta say this place is lovely and if
the food's good do you better know I'm
coming back so Cheers a welcome home
great day so far after this I've got
some sandwiches going on we got some
awesome bit that's a scone what's that
no we ruin your photo book heck it's
gone I thought I was gonna say I thought
you're a scone person you raised me for
God's sake you know we got scones doing
some desserts go to Lotte that's a shot
baby thank you for a great birthday
present definitely recommend that Ted I
done them all and I get the hype of old
planes book can annoy Zee I said if you
lived in that would be annoying is it at
this point of age where people might
think that
we're date Utica yeah like know that
when you clearly like a young kid it's
like Oh mom and their son like it's so
adorable I when you're teenagers like I
was adorable
but now is it that point why people have
to question that
as much now as that nazca's Karen go of
course can anyone just come in and run
and play definitely come back here we
should come here we should get Allison
Carla we should come back and do it oh
my god
a drunk golf tournament it was a natural
fire
you made me therefore you made that far
you did you literally put that food in
me today any smell that you don't like
is of your own doing the windows about
Joker's I was gonna fart again talking
bloody extension puns more woman the
house and she's what are you we did what
you do in your crank really it may if
you fall contact you do this in high
heels thanks mom but I'm risking it but
I'm gonna try and go out on my phone
with no case on one day after fixing it
let's place your bets now will I drop it
drunk tonight and regret everything my
vote is yes I just don't know where my
actual cases and because I don't know
where the cases I'm now risking ruining
this phone book okay it's only 75 quid
the reason I'm dressed up is because
alice is out drinking and she has
invited me now she's at she's she's now
in my local neighborhood so because she
lives nearby to me she's always hot
let's go get pissed so the plan is to go
out and get drunk
I however I'm not feeling that plan as
much you might be like oh Tom you've
changed it's not you well first of all
the month of not drinking was great
because not having a hangover was
amazing but you know you've seen me
drinking since I've been fine I just
really can't be bothered drinking right
now I dunno why I'm just not feeling it
I know I don't have to drink I don't
know it's just cuz I'm on my own and as
soon as I get around other people I'll
be like those other but Alice likes to
drink when she drinks she goes hard in
the paint on not at all it's probably
gonna be a hard in the paint canaanites
oh god speed good luck and we'll see how
this goes alright I've not eaten
anything
time for some emergency food that's
never a good sign
police riot van driving past the the
shop good decisions have been made how
does this music make you feel bang bang
crazy frog in 2018 why or what after the
horrors I did a month of no drinking
alcohol I mean was that a great great
great great great and now he's doing a
book with no drinking alcohol pause it
pause it and the next book you and me
you won't borrow alcohol I like how
alice is just left eyed soldiers fall
out of the night now you can't say names
you Frankie Alice is just left and now
we're about to a tray of gauges that's
what I'm talking about cheers to health
to happiness and to whichever way you're
sexually orientation takes you know I
know indirect statement oh it's so nice
it's like blackjack the Krish right you
okay no Tom yeah this is a my sister's
purse the destination you taking it to
is in town she'll be waiting for you
outside impossible can't make yo Kenya
so I was going out in like the local
town like my village of G cross for
drinkin stuff like that and we did we
had a really good night Alice has gone
down to Manchester with no ID no credit
card or anything and I've just sent it
off down to Manchester and an uber in
the attempts that it made to that
so I've filmed it and flogged it in the
hopes that it gets there I was gonna be
out on the town tonight Alice was like
nobody kills night I was like alright
fine I get it Karl's not out drinking so
you know what I don't go out I knew I
could get that tonight oh yeah oh yeah
know it look at that chat right there I
said I said look at that right
there average room for one hour and you
buy got three wins Oh
hey I'm so lonely
loving jaws this new album I'm just
gonna go ahead and turn that down again
because I realized like you actually
won't be able to hear me there and by
the way saying this right now
if you follow me on Twitter at Pro
Syndicate I've tweeted at the CEO of
Ray's being like yo give me a pair of
these speakers to give away and he was
like yeah yeah oh if you react to this
and the deep no if I think I put it in
the vlog of the day where it's like you
know the music was warm from thx and I
reacted to it and tweeting him he was
like awesome and razor DMing was like yo
we'll give away a pair so we're gonna
work out the details of how we're gonna
do the giveaway of a set of these
speakers I never realized like fans
would quit speakers but we are gonna
organize it we're gonna get it so able
to work out an amazing way to do the
giveaway whether it's a competition or
something like that I was just like a
simple outreach where you get the chance
to win we'd rather do something a bit
more fun a little bit more creative
it'll be given away a set these speakers
to know more pros and you guys seen how
epic that and my I am sponsored by Razer
and I'm not just saying that they're
epic for the sake of being sponsored by
them they are incredible I've been such
a I don't even think I've got a full
volume you ready I'm inside blasting is
album at me oh damn day and I'm loving
it I'm say this right now if you're
watching this video right here right now
on the 1st of September wait is it
September already they is actually the
1st of September already oh my god this
year is flown by if you're watching this
the chances are I'm streaming on Twitch
and I'm gonna be streaming the next
episode of voyage of the deep so if you
guys want to tune in and see me play
that I'm gonna be live streaming on
Twitch link in video description I'll
just go to twitch our TV folks at Seneca
I may be live I may not be and more
importantly if you're not subscribed to
syndicate royale for battle royale
content I'm gonna be streaming on
YouTube to that channel playing fart
night every now and again I'm gonna give
myself a challenge like an hour to win
it we're like a click start stream set a
timer it's like we've got one hour to
win it try and get double you see if we
can secure it if we can't then it's the
end of the stream and if we do secure it
then that's a win success and then the
video goes on YouTube so for those
people who are wondering like oh my god
you're not streaming on Twitch anymore
the answer's no no no I still AM I just
trying to mix around with a few
different ideas so I'm gonna go what's
up - your face is real love you leave it
and I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m.
look adios
