oh my goodness me look at this day it's
absolutely beautiful you know what's
even more beautiful i61
the gaming event is coming up in August
on the bank holiday weekend and I am
gonna be there if you guys attended
AIESEC Co you didn't you know it was an
absolute mad event I spent basically
four days in a row doing nothing but
meeting you guys and I want to do that
again because there was knew there was
some people who did manage to make it to
the event or I didn't manage to see them
at the event cuz we were all busy but
you know what I'm gonna be at this event
I'm looking forward to seeing your faces
so if you wanna come to a gaming event
do loads of cool stuff and do a meet and
greet and see my face for whatever
reason you'd want to do that then make
sure you get yourself a ticket the link
will be down in description and if you
use the code I 61 syndicate you can get
yourself 10% off the tickets you get
thank me later but I hope to see your
face is there if I don't I will find you
and hopefully the crows the crows are
still attacking my house beautiful day
in paradise so my t-shirt of choice
today is the 1337 syndicate original
beast feeling fresh feeling good ready
for the day with no pants on
ah day in paradise paradise paradise and
I have brush to trace another day my dad
is back
washing off the windows because the
crows came and attacked yet again all
right there mate
Oh Ken's getting ready for a war like
it's it's personal because it's my house
but it's even more personal because my
dad hates them
my dad hates them with a passion we
think we can hear them Oh where's he
going so my dad's abundant in me and I'm
chewing on the deck chair with the pill
doors open it's such a nice day
jump to the pool carve it a son when I'm
in a bit of sir might I feel like I've
been in a holiday in like the Caribbean
islands for the past two weeks
that sounds sunny is alright now I'm
going to jump list to try and find a
barbecue I guess it's time to do some
target practice forgot the Scarecrow
Steve got my target let's do this but
aim right for the middle of his big
nostril oh well he's in the middle of
his nose so wish me luck I don't I just
have a stand or anything for my phone so
I'm gonna fire and then review um oh I
did shoot for his nose but it looks like
a got in his glasses there instead you
see it damn it off target man was that
when was your 8th the plan of action is
to knock off Steve peat snores this is a
really sick place to the balance it all
right get ready safety off
oh let's go and take a look you ready
what you think that I ain't freeze knows
last time I got bosses no way no way I
got that was my first shot and that was
my second shot still not his nose bought
bloody hell mate show me then look at my
dad rocking you all Cleese Christine
well nice turn sideways such a present
yeah that proper sick I like them okay
dad's to all the stunts dad's turn
it's gonna go for stick middle of these
nose dad right on the tip of his nose
like Rudolph he's posed look good it's
composable even better take a look let's
take a look let's take a look you can't
believe it must be off done okay me
right next to mine bang bang bang that's
mud it's sure yeah shooting high got
tweaked that man if this was - this
would be impressive because the grouping
is dadoes tweet oh yeah his nose you did
dad's had just did the gun and going
bang on the nose nice good job alright
one more for good look oh it sounded
pretty damn straight is there to breathe
damn straight I don't know how I don't
know how you could determine if
something sounds straight but is it on
his nose oh no not on his nose that was
your first shot I don't know whether
last ones went in there yeah through
that I do love it dad I'm telling you so
much if jag if granddad's got a Jaguar
I'm hopefully getting a Jaguar
you need this my looks just like that
but oh my yard
so South 100 dice so freakin sexy God
Danny and that's nice hell yeah only as
the earth as the wide spoiler pop up
rather a little square interesting get
in it I see if it rotates with you
inside
box may yeah this is like a human green
accident is it is it meant to rotate me
this is nuts
Julie a seal it is cool it looks nice
I know both eight grand
so we made it to John Lewis to it for
barbecues at that ordered one I chose
this bad boy because it's not on wheels
it stays stationary and it's an absolute
beast
chocolate forth there you got all this
and you've got a little grill on the
side I likes it where Dad can take the
roof off his car boss he's walking
towards it that's dope I love it stuck
in traffic in the entire way it's
rezulin where's eight you're gonna give
you some tips you go use some tips I'm
doing to be arbic you tonight with Alex
McDowell yeah what what do I do what I
do
I forgot the food Oh Alice she's
actually a straight woman what was a
teasing what was that I got house way is
it any good right now I this are you
sweaty sweaty sweaty have you noticed
when she cooked she does this hey you
are a little a little it but that is a
plane II put our times it what is it
that is the biggest plane I think in the
existence of human beings that is
big
Alice what an earthing you doing yeah
the hell is why is the cheese on the
burgers already
whoa I like your style man I like your
style
okay maybe a little bit too much get up
violet way too much pleasure else could
you ever want in life then kicking back
with Carl after cooking a beautiful
barbecue
instead I'm watching the sunset slowly
creep away look at it it's just a red
little dog that's so crazy
it's like an evil eye hiding in the tree
Mordor I do oh it's almost fun Kyle no I
can still see it
all right no I think it's a red light
it's gone be trying to tell me Stephen
Joyce's yeah why what did what what
gives Alice the thought process that
feels like he's like total breasts Steve
Arnon breasts ha ha daddy
bye nice to are you always being to
music cuz of your little brother bit me
okay bye now silly boxes okay
I don't know is that weird or should you
be sharing that Oh like okay okay great
cop too legit too legit to quit
oh oh oh wha goodbye RV they saying
hello that's it's good
Tacitus is just as good thus is good
does this doesn't does this good come on
now it's way past your bedtime and you
need to go to bed go here you go
go on what make you tell stick now is
there
sleep well love you oh I don't even want
to go past this boundary line in my
window I see if I stand in the Sun I
feel like a ginger I'm just going to
burn it's so hot out in the UK right now
it's like 27 degrees or something I
think maybe 28 today my scarecrow is
dying and by the way that thing did
nothing to stop the crows because I
found them again this morning look at
all that fresh bird poop I don't
understand
leave me alone but I'm gonna have to
wrap up today's vlog ladies and
gentleman now the fact that I've got a
barbecue means we'll probably have a few
more parties and when my new big
barbecue comes out of audit we're gonna
have an even bigger family part and I'm
gonna invite all my cousins and uncles
and all them around because you've all
they've all got like little babies that
they were to bring and show and you look
at if it's cute and then it's on you
like oh that's not cute but yeah we
probably throw some garden pie isn't
supply so it should be pretty sweet so
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
and don't forget in Somme near 61
I'm gonna be that event so I expect to
see your faces get your ticket links
down description I know it's far away
cuz it's in August but if you get your
tickets now you're set your saw it and
we get to do some type of hype hype
nurse as to what that is I don't know
but we'll find out at the event there
and then and I could shake your hand and
say thank you very much for watching my
videos I love your face and as always
stay awesome honest Holly awesome it's
under debts and other dudette to thats
yeah
