cat you're not allowed to eat Steve I
suggest you step off the Bavarian and
away from the saying of the crime
it appears the pigeon has been moved
time to decide whether or not the pigeon
has been fully eaten it has been
decimated today is actually said I don't
know how that pigeon died think I may
have worked out how the pigeon died when
I found the pigeon it was dead like
there and then you know obviously got
thrown around and played with and
feathers exploded I think the reason it
died is because it looks like it flew
into the wall mmm that's a pretty brown
giveaway of that's a pigeon splat okay
bye Steve guys say goodbye to the cat
see the bike that you like c'mon man bye
cat bye now
bye terminal 3 we meet again stop for me
is party to party I'm going to party
we're going to body for the joy of
traveling with other people taking
familiar Paris CDG 49 which is this
video
Oh Cal kids mate nice shirt mate suit
shoes where's Alice's was she not
wearing one bloody yeah what a nice fast
date all right I'm thinking that's our
plane oh no and obviously we're waiting
for Alice don't know what she's doing
ooh cow what's it like traveling with
Alice around the world absolutely what
Alice what do you have to tell you about
that
she knows I'm organized and well prepped
and everything goes smooth and then she
leaves lipstick mascara nail polish in
her suitcases that's it search
like your mouth I'm out but you just
said for the record I did almost not get
left on the plane because the guy was in
such a bad mood and the point was in
such a bad mood that the head of
security got involved and then he was
and they apologized because the guy
should have friends kick me up bloodied
nervous I've never been on a plane
before him alive her touching the
outside of a plane whoa no since when
did your skin becomes lizard skin looks
weird
I came to child oh look at her smile
she's never flown before named Kennedy
again the baby
naturally
which cows paper a can relapse story
next up we will give out to an oak and
you have been on a plane before of
cuckoo cuckoo
it
Oh like lookit the reason why I call a
rock by the way is you'll notice when I
vlog sometimes do when you stick out
your chin come on she just just sits
Ella out with a chin sticking out some
came over the nickname boat okay good
baby to pieces the woman next to me got
a hot chocolate and put it on my tray
said can I put that there I was like
yeah sure I knew I shouldn't have done
it the baby through second layer smack
hot chocolate all down my leg
piping hot hi guys
just watching myself down
Cemetery town because hot chuckles it on
my leg all gone by
I'm repelled easily again up at home
pair of jeans and one job
but we then upgraded to business class
so that's a win
there's the bloody Cobra sneaking away
after spilling a hot chocolate on me
little ninja did you a hot chocolate
spill onion
Wow brilliant and every hope you see
never have to go that out brilliant Wow
the architecture here it's just
beautiful so beautiful oh my love there
it is Wow
I love this place finally out the car
but just look how nice this place is
we're going into here right now this is
like the formula you like chilling cool
you can see the Eiffel Tower there and
then this big thing with a spike on the
top of it
culture oh my gosh this place is super
helluva Cal Cheers good job my friend oh
you're like you're in the zone
good vibes good people there's always
just got a rave Anton that here we go
I'll go and check it out the grid Qatar
Airways Paris Prix is this a cool hookup
for a random weekend away or not look at
that look at that this is just surreal
we're supposed to be in Africa doing
some charity stuff it got pushed back
till September so you know what to
parish we came oh this is so sick oh my
god I never thought in my life I'd be
walking along this check it out the
patterns holy crap oh yes this is what
I'm talking about
oh yeah turn up we're done for jugular
is back we're going back into vlogs so
it's like turn up again and guess what
they're doing now branding me with a
tattoo you know what company introducing
my new tattoo he didn't work out so well
today
this is just Fung just pulling these
things apart
what is this thing oh that is hella nice
holy she's a beauty look at that thing
that's the eye pace me my dad saw in Las
Vegas but this time in red now that is a
camera rig but right there is my kind of
camera rig she's got a wireless mic is
it Wireless I got a wireless microphone
hooked up to her iPhone with adapters
charges and everything he's feeling up
if he's feeling up we're going back to
the wait once that about all these
passes we're going back to this the
emotion lounge to go get a glass of
champagne and then prepare for the day
no one is worried oh my god oh my god oh
my god look at that look at that that's
the robot guard that's the electric
robot car holy shit I sick Adam and we
returned to the emotion formula 8 club
Alice where is the Schomburg now at
babyco charter baby cool plan yeah David
Coulthard Wow good spot hey girl you
like my hat this is why I love you as a
man thank you very much for your smile
of France have plate full of Parma ham
yes that's mine Thank You Carl where are
you there on the walk the pit this is
the grid this is cool to have access
like this but that is cool to have
access like that they knew Jim Jim they
wish they were here okay he doesn't even
know what this is
it's like he's this scale that trick you
don't even know what you I just randomly
bump into Jim yeah oh by the way I've
vlog on my iPhone I'm one of those guys
I'm like I'm like a homeless style
vlogger yeah you know makes me try to
look professional see Jim understand
nice Jim knows and you can't take that
into a club you can't say that into a
casino and you especially can't take
that into a different kind of mechanical
know that's a big ones
this is this is what grill access is you
know why it's called grid access because
it's got grid walk Mitch you have got
this in the bag this is the first place
vehicle right here I believe
hashtag Billy whizz oh my god
so much love for these guys I know I
sound super biased because there is two
people in the jaggery team this Mitch
was Adam I know I sound so bias mate
she's favored up the field stuff gonna
be like mitch is gonna win it
he's in it to win it we're gonna go say
hello to Adam he's down it look Oh egg
yolk cow odds were Noah's life he's
ready to rock robots they keep a third
of the track bar jumping in my boy you
got this
me it's like it means let you do your
Calculon home sorry
it's gotta love him you just gotta love
him I believe in him
look at that they used to cool down the
engines this is a good-looking cat hold
position Alice being an absolute idiot
getting in their faces oh look at all
the camera guys getting ready for this
shit Mitchell bein us look at that David
Cooper and the Eiffel Tower arrived at
hire this just does not sound real it's
very yeah there is that's Mitch eyes got
this oh this sounds so wet it sounds
like sky electric cars because they're
electric cars bought this sound
mega-weird
my god
this is just north
oh you're free quick how do you mind
this is all oh it was it was rage oh I
didn't hit the steering wheel it's seven
and then the change cars then when he
actually change cars the engine being
seventeen that I was like truck yeah
yeah true he came back to me eleventh
one Jim said pretty just like I need to
like sort of re-watch what the heck
happened to go from from the the car
change because when the battery runs out
that's switch cars so the switch cars I
think that's so father no so eleven not
the best bought next time we'll get it
hey yeah it's the 11th best that's a lot
of miles and that Gabby will do down
yeah always looking forward like oh yes
yes yes whatever we got what have we got
yes REO brownies yes please and then can
I try create one of them good decisions
are made thank you sir whoa whoa Jaguar
racing panther on Bluetooth speakers
what
the free gift I like white champagne and
oh my gosh greatest invention ever take
a picture there you go thank you very
much but what are you doing it's my
biggest fun
till they didn't drop him they just like
Alejandro the CEO of formula 8 and he is
still trying on the table and everything
yeah okay so I have to determine this is
David an absolute amazing driver that if
you're watching this right now I'm sorry
you couldn't be here
I already cuz I thought you were hey
okay now that you got you can go and
shoot you know I'm gonna jump in there
thanks mate thank you very much David :
is it absolute dad John dad's gonna
freak it oh my god this place is magical
look at this we got I can't waiting
outside for us and I have to walk to the
hotel and we good blast you shot me look
through
don't you see we don't play no one day
later pretty much in Paris walking down
the streets looking for a hotel I don't
know the name of the hotel
two rooms under I only know the name of
the restaurant and that's where we're
inside and I can apparently wait and
apparently we got a ticket for a
nightclub tonight so I'm a tourist rub
me please
this is the hotel here what the heck
going on so I'm immediately greeted with
dear guests gladly welcome you tonight
starting from 7:30 for some food
oh hell yeah okay let's take these off
and then work out what the heck what the
heck is this hotel room about I have
like straight trippin balls right now
jugu thank you very much for hooking
this up I won set watch this I know who
this is my sure mate if you saw wait
have you got a better if you got stairs
I've know you've been up there yet maybe
maybe the TV hang you from the ceiling
mate what do you know a near this oh my
god Wisie know me there's a bathtub
right oh my god what is this what is
this oh my god me this hotel room is
little it lately Kyle what is it
alright blood I don't know you tell me
yeah actually you walk in that yeah the
bad but it's nice
I walked in I was like a fucking joke in
this room is tiny and I thought oh boy
it was this yeah oh there's a bathroom
Wow holy shit
yeah I was not expecting this there's no
way this room is so sick watch this
flick this one oh it's like magic magic
magic sex magic magic magic holy crap
this room is completely transformed okay
so what Sakuni right what happened
so in her in the real you know drunken
state oh wait not that going you mean
does that go you short like that new has
electric 18 second and then I casually
waddle there and went ours they go like
this each event and then they also want
Alice they go like this
not like that nah not like that needed
it Little Italy little bit little bit
what else pretty good hmm this is a
normal Corrine that's Alice broke she
thought it was a noble kosher had to
pull it on she pulled it off the wall
idiot I can see him I can see him and
you go and you go ha ha ha ha ha
wait wait what the hey is this what is
this it's like a happy reunion
I saw it also I'm Jack you okay I'm
going down shut you up
good work you see you see you said thank
you
what do you say
Nike you say Nike right what about vote
American oh there's some pickles we've
got some hams to sell us and she's doing
heroin oh you know
Jen's is like wait what they're not
really getting tattoos she bought this
is ruin it ruin it
yes wait half a bit Missy let's say
Jaggu is okay so I owed it like wow you
got so out up with your me or me
look at the size of yours compared to
mine and you trying to tell me size does
not matter because it does matter
this is like I think a deep battered me
it's a deep but it's a deep buttered
sausage it smells amazing so a midget
finally think that was like a
five-year-old's response that tastes
like poo hey anis you all right
again steer it in three thank you very
much for taking part in my tattoo parlor
that is perfect that is so much better
than every other person you need to
learn for me as I'm saying you tried
three times they fail not never there
Alice is now owned by Jaguar Mesa high
five
I got this have a minute come on focus
oh my gosh
Alice that's how you finish in style the
cafe finished it closed it's me it's
Alice it's Kyle and it is Luke doing the
performance with this scarf look at this
stuff
look at the scarf is so sexy are we oh
look you're so fine you're so fine you
know you're fine hey Luke oh hey oh hey
look oh so fine are we going into a drug
den I'm not sure what's going on Luke I
don't know I said are we good oh you
know it
is it weird that I know all of the
racism and you know this is going to
avoid always you can give my sister you
member like I don't worry it's gonna bug
but this is about life she's no hope and
I mean film in my life it's because I
just can't walk up the steps keep going
what was that deep breath resuscitation
boots it up shine it Alice Alice
literally just got resuscitated the
fucking staircase Alice money you wanna
punch in the face
I hate you so much right now as a sister
Alice just tripped over my knee it hurt
me
no I was a very good night
ha ha ha
okay so somehow I ended up with the
high-heeled shoes in my hands
Alice why why have you not got no shoes
on your feet I took them off you can
often seek are you hauling I thought
you'd already signed off really well in
the cup with regards to the vlog maybe
not I film every single day of my life
and they follow this decides to walk
home with no shoes and I have a feet I
mean if I have a shoes and I film it but
it seemed like people like why would you
even oh that is so fucking cute cow cow
thrower throw on the bonnet look at that
I tell you about that his goals that's
your room right there yeah nice Jerry
don't a bet over bed don't break any
curtains a nicely I like about the case
you might get some why I can't although
you guys okay I love you I'll see you
tomorrow
hi new dog new day but when this vlog
now so I hope you did enjoy the drunk
shenanigans I don't know other sisters I
think she's still dying from being an
idiot here's a match view for your faces
a bit of a spoiler for tomorrow's vlog I
have to go now
actually the like brain subscribe and
you'll see this guy in it with these
pants down to do it but you've got a
doom at us horror was good oh wait I
sawed it no I said he owes dude
noonim
