in the arms of an angel hmm two o'clock
in the afternoon only just got out of
bed and setting my date come come come
come come come dear
Tesco marketers I need to ask you a
question right I always get a ham
sandwich plain alright so a ham sandwich
but why do you have to put no mayo on it
like I don't think sandwiches are
expected to have mayo on it but why ham
sandwich I've got a Purdy's Ridge
rejuvenate vitamin drink and I have an
all-butter flapjack it's actually you
know reading that now doesn't sound too
healthy and also side no I was going
into my carriages Nora and I was pulling
this cable in and out watch alright you
see that like gap that's appearing I was
like mate this unit is pushing itself
right in and out and I don't like that
in this life but the cheering um you
know what I'm talking about so let's see
this units like kind of like slipping in
and out so when you were to OD and see
what that's about but I went to pull
this virus handle outward so this is
usually like nothing like this right
like that I don't want to point out I
don't want to point out it snapped off
so it looks like half of the pins on it
broke and half of them d'un so I'm going
to take it back to Aldi and see if we
can fix it but you know you know already
that ain't covered in the warranty so
I'm really probably paying like 100 quid
for a whole new unit which I don't know
if I want to do so great day so far
managed to break my car in two places
maybe it's a sign maybe it's a sign that
I need the Jaguar or maybe it's a sign
that I need to get the Audi tt-rs
I'm sorry baby I love you but you're
breaking on me it seems original we have
our own guarded outside now I love it
oh hello oh did I nearly send a pea soup
lag hi yes I'm um mother you're not
having my Netflix because every time you
log into my Netflix you watch like
wonderful women what Evers and then I
get recommended all the things related
to that let's play I spy
can you find my sister in this photo if
you can screenshot it and tweet it here
on Twitter
mmm recommend achievable Lewis I think
it's quality really now she is that's a
for sure
ah yes insomnia 63 is over but I'm back
at the office and I'm signing even more
posters the purple shadow I'm not sure
house just turned up outside my house
we need to talk oh wait I think he's
waving at me
I how did you see me what the hell
Oh Tommy I was gonna scare you yeah fast
I blew it
blew the game oh yeah thanks you know I
used to beat work by now finish for the
day is very news flippy floppies gonna
place a fart go for a run I can be a bad
loser
damn it cars coming back in which we
just need to set up a set up in the
basement is what we need to do see if we
get a setup set up in the basement
I could have my desk I could have a
stream itself it can be perfect and it
doesn't have to get moved every time he
comes in where you do it I need a new
chair as well keep freaking that's
grieve yes Oh after you Johnny yeah yeah
bye Steve you better know your boy uses
Vegas 15 to do is edit and with forth of
just that there's a new deal on for
Vegas 16 mmm it never looks any
different pretty definitely performs
faster so basically the way you render
your video is to have you know you see
me throw all my files in my purse like
this
these broke down here but when I click
render obviously it takes a certain
amount of time but with this new one he
should be even quicker so let's see if
it works it's Della paring down denying
dolls from paint 249 that's what I
talked about these lights it just stared
himself
hmm I have 500 download well 4 8 3 watch
this is where my upload fails watch oh
wow yeah that looks like 500 up found
you down
yeah that looks like fine job yeah
anyway trying to download a file that's
only found remember I should be
completing in like three seconds so when
I play for night or any gaming i play
with razor flashes which I like
seven-five
once around sidecars been playing with
2.1 so now even though he's played a
playstation the Xbox ones still work
with Playstation if they're to attempt
to use these for the first time but this
may change everything we may see a new
man that car not even worse than we
already are sheesh but I just went ham
within like three minutes of the start
of the game I managed to get 11 kills
and fortune we lost but cars now on his
own so I got trapped in the storm and I
believe in you Cal don't ever think you
can't do this because you could do it
five minutes later just take your time
take your time take your time
is yours is it for you back up take it
drink some armor trick some armor and
again right I can move it just gotta
take your time you just got to take your
time several hours later we emerged from
my room looking like potatoes and this
team's like I'm freezing please put me
back Lord are you broken smashed to
pieces yo a little bit's put my phone of
a pocket caught the edge of my pocket
and set my phone absolutely flying wait
until I show you it in a mirror it's
completely shattered I know right the
fronts not bad but the back but I never
get ready for it get ready for it yeah
absolutely smashed it I think I'm safe
to say the stabilization is definitely
gone like a night I don't know goodbye
now well that's good for tonight's
session did record any of it did
livestream any of it and cuss myself a
grunt I think to replace the back it's
hundred fifty quid but I think I've got
AppleCare just right getting it I can't
I can't believe that I just went to put
it in my back pocket and it missed it
when troomph and I was like oh my god
cuz you like what my stairs are like
they've got gaps in them I was like
please don't fall down one of them it
took that much damage on the first
impact that oh my god yeah there was no
way it wasn't gonna smile
disappointed great it is time to head
over to Manchester and try and get to my
table for 20 stories by the way I'm
supposed to be there in five minutes and
it takes 20 minutes to get to Manchester
so probably not gonna make it a more of
a table available anymore which is the
story of my life for 20 stories because
I've tried to go there several times and
every time I've grown up in life I know
your appointments not available it's
here it's like yes not an hour system
done I'm like that's not my frickin
files but every time I've gone for food
I've actually not been able to so we're
gonna try and go now let's fingers
crossed we can do this and we'll review
in this bad boy oh oh and by the way how
do I look
I went for I've got a long-sleeve gray
All Saints t-shirt on with a great All
Saints jacket I was gonna wear like gray
bark on dark grey charcoal with dark
grey and black and black basically the
core of my soul in it my phone fell off
again and I smashed it even more long I
maybe did oh my gosh I got a live button
on that's beautiful okay wish me luck I
am absolutely starving Rory it's a small
looking menu very very small to the
Union sausages visits are sissy good
States over there book the normal menu
quite small cauliflower soup with
poached egg and a bread but only
classics cottage by fish by her cheeks
and Jeeves
bone marrow burger I don't know I was
expecting for me look like a husband if
you guys like us beside me mom got
physically fish dog pumpkin mommy
Anna not a clue what that is and brace
else if I don't be southern educate
everybody star before about us right
after but but my choices are leaning
more towards a ribeye steak is while
that will go by I always everybody I was
thinking of getting a line of these guys
okay so so far three of the things of
the menu not available went to order a
drink not available so make it full
tastes great
love it glad I got that cauliflower soup
with naan bread no no Joe pillory now
red egg in the middle it smells amazing
whoo okay I'm excited for this however
they didn't have a spoon he's gonna get
me one all right skis cauliflower soup
it looks very thick
mother of God I'm having the best sleep
I've ever had in a lie that is so good
oh ma
that's ten out of ten I'm not even on
the egg I'm not even joking yet oh my
god okay weird reasons in the bottom
which I don't understand
but that is a 10 out of 10 - oh my god
hand out Eliza and god damn yes not only
did I get that they got triple cooked
chips and a peppercorn sauce on the side
oh it's gonna taste immediately it's
nice for know what favor
now with the do sauce
it's nice but just doesn't seem what the
one has a lot of flavor that said what
it does have a lot of flavor the peas it
definitely came a bit too raw for my
liking
grab that just like medium is like
medium wrong for yo the lot truffle
mashed potato on it
if there's one thing as well I got 10
out of 10 from here is the live music
it's been incredible all I absolutely
amazing I've come back game again just
the lineup so good oh it's a dessert
chocolate fondant with rocky road ice
cream
I'm a fan would you look at that you
ready yes twenty stories has been a
lovely restaurant with an absolutely
lovely new hands-down 8.5
our eyes but that was my aggressive way
of going lies because it wasn't actually
on 20 stories it's the 19th floor where
the restaurant is so not quite 20
stories I demand a change of the names
of that restaurant immediately I was not
going again I'm joking it was an amazing
restaurant really glad I won they did
say the menu changes daily so it'd be
interesting to go back again and see
what they had cuz first when I looked at
the menu nothing like Jim tower I mean
boy
I did say time after time after time
that I want to go there I want to go
there I want to go there and just didn't
manage to like get any reservations he
was no fan anything available it's been
like the most popping places it's only
just been open a couple of months but
I've got to say absolutely God just
really got a win it would really
recommend it to you guys honestly
absolutely fantastic that live band at
the end was amazing and it really just
made the night absolutely perfect for me
like I just watched some good food what
a good view you know like again in that
mindset if you heard me talk about
yesterday I just felt a chill out relax
clear my mind and just like get some
good nutrients to my body so I had a
really good time unfortunate when Cal
was here for all these hours when we
were playing fault now treating this
secure one w we played like 20 games
plus get so many second places but no W
so unfortunately no footage for the
battle royale channel that you guys have
seen and yes I know I've had the channel
created over a week now I'm posting no
content to it but it's stepping it
insomnia so now that I'm back
you better know I wouldn't be doing on
the topic of gaming events and insomnia
you guys have heard me talk about it I'm
going to resonate I'm going to resonate
in Scotland it's gonna be absolutely
amazing it's gonna be me Alice and Cara
going and as much as it's like the meet
and greet of like all cinema could go
dude meeting great you guys watch this
is like the life of Tom so if you are in
Scotland oh you're not too far away from
Scotland I couldn't tell you right now
if it was in Glasgow or Edinburgh
I'm pretty sure it's in Glasgow if you
guys want to go I'll put the link down
description you get all you details
there last time we went the amount of
love and support we got from the sky it
was absolutely insane so I hope to you
guys the air again
I don't believe I have any sort of
discount code at the moment apart from
just a link if we do work out discount
code I'll be sure to let you guys know
but as right now don't know anything so
I'm gonna go now thank you very much for
watching today's vlog thank you very
much for all the love and support on
yesterday's I know it was like a like a
talking Tom vlog which was like a lot of
rambling from me but it's kind of like
my way of clearing my mind of explaining
something so I appreciate everyone
understood into the comments by the way
there was that like literally a couple
thousand comments on
people talk about like how the vlogs
have helped them very like like tough
times in their life and stuff so to that
I say I'm glad I could help you all out
but I'm gonna love you I'm gonna leave
you thank you very much for watching
make sure you subscribe and ding dong
got notification Bell and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day
I vlog where if this vlog went live at 6
p.m. that means we're on three days in a
row of six pm uploads oh my god
makes you leave like rain the hype is
real so much love and I saw Dios
