oh my goodness me 8 o'clock in the
bloody morning is not what time it is
it's half past 10:00
I'm sorry I don't know I said I don't
know where I was going with that but oh
my lord I'm awake I bowed to get the bag
go out and get some milk I'm starting my
day fresh I'm ready I can't believe it
I'm actually out of bed after an
insomnia at a reasonable time I fell
asleep on the sofa last night whilst
eating some noodles spilt the noodles
all down my top and stained my top to be
fair
I had a pretty good night's sleep so
let's get rockin rollin and let's get
some breakfast down our necks and hello
there mr. spider very nice to meet you
but you're gonna have to get out my car
now because you know your spider and
this is my car thank you just no waste
I'm about to hit 10,000 miles
hey I'm tempted to drive around for 48
miles just to go over the 10,000 mile
barrier today I think I've had this cow
for like 3 years and I've only done
10,000 miles what why don't you get
myself some cereal I got some milk I got
some grapes it's time to go back home
and have the most important meal of the
day breakfast we're one step closer to
an organized office look at this that's
been today she's absolutely nuke the
bloody joint move it up everywhere wipe
down all my sides oh nice now we're
gonna play a game did Tom go home have
breakfast fall asleep until like 10:00
p.m. at night or did Tom stay up all day
extreme be productive builders extension
on his house get these defender fix and
all of the above things that he said he
was gonna get done or did he just be a
lazy mother trucker all day and I'll let
you take guess right now that's why I'm
here the answer was Tom was a lazy
mother trucker I wouldn't say lazy
because you know like when I went down
to insomnia I did spend like four
basically five days doing nothing but
like meeting you guys then going out for
food meeting you guys go out drinking
meeting you guys cuz you were everywhere
like ever the event so it's just been
like a non-stop kind of sum of youtubers
like use that server being like kind of
switched on you can't let your mind just
go nothingness you've always gotta kind
of be alert of what's going on if
there's someone like off in the distance
where an eccentric original sure I don't
wanna roll over and be like grant I
didn't let you saw me doing the vlogs
and stuff so III have I definitely had a
good like 12 to 18 hours since I've been
back of just doing nothingness
nothing this is what I've gone for and I
know you guys tune in to watch these
vlogs of like you know whether it's just
just Tom being me I'm doing whatever
I'll be traveling or exploring but you
see like the past few days it's a very
intense just bombardment of meeting
people it's a lot of emotional sort of I
was gonna use the words train but I
don't think that's the right word you
know I I'm a very positive mindset
person and a lot of people that I do
meet you know could be like struggling
through a few things and like you know
they watch my videos as a bit of an
escape so it takes a kind of like in a
you know in a good way like toll on my
mind cuz you know I go into this like
positive like I just make videos for say
committee meeting videos and some people
you know like whether they're struggling
through depression are like you know
certain issues or something or family
members in their life or ill and it's
just I see a nice little escape they
talked to me about it and then like I
delve into their life of like where
they're at mentally and it kind of is a
bit of a strain it is a bit of a mellow
I oh my gosh your minds just work at a
million miles per hour of thinking I
just make these videos for the sake of
making these videos and the fact that
these people tune in and it can help
them in such a positive way is kind of
crazy so I love meeting people I love
hearing like these stories you know and
I love hearing that you know they've had
a positive gain from these vlogs which
is absolutely incredible but as much as
a positive impact it has on me it does
mentally kind of like tire me I know it
could be taken out context me saying
that but it's not meant to be it's just
you know it is very much a strenuous
thing if you hear like you know seem
like someone's gonna kill themselves or
something like that and I'm just like ah
don't do that I know not do not support
that sort of thing in the slightest but
then knowing that for my videos that
they didn't kill themselves and that
they're a better place in life right now
which is great but when I get back after
an event like that like for days if it
used to be 3 which was like an like a
lot to do and then go into four days of
it was like what this is a lot so it's
nice to be just back to switch off and
do this
another topic of doing nothing I could
take mushrooms if I won't cut bloody
hell look at the size these mother
truckers once they get over there Wow me
are they are these edible right okay
protip don't eat mushrooms but I know
obviously some mushrooms are edible not
these ones do not advise you in ones
that you ever see anywhere but are these
actual edible mushrooms are these like
poisonous mushrooms if someone could
tell me right now because oh well you
something dead look bloody lovely on a
stick or even better they look bloody
lovely on the amount of Chinese food
you're about to see me because you know
I did that a whole month of white
healthy and it was like yeah I feel so
good I feel so fresh I know a bit about
a man's mental attitude office go up
present presents people right I've never
been such a better physical body in my
life I was like did happy with it well
yeah back to eating like Chinese food
and all this junk stuff so we should
probably do something about that
just like we should do something about
the defender but we'll get round to it
eventually you know I'm saying but back
on the thing of the amount of different
stories I heard from people whether it
was when they were in a position in life
where they were to harm themselves like
they lost family members or something
like that it's it's that thing again of
I just made videos because I feel like
making videos where it's just filming a
life or something about the attitude I
try and push onto people and not in a
forceful ways like life is too short you
know make the most of it like that's why
I do get really defensive and upset and
aggressive when people say that they
tried to kill themselves because I'm
like I know life give but trust me I've
had friends you've gone through
situations like I'm like life can be bad
like really really bad but it never ever
get to a point where you feel like you
have to end it like if if you're in this
row of just doing the same thing every
day after day after day and you know
nothing in your life is changing up for
the better then it's like you need to
make that step forward to change it
these people you can speak to there's
like you know even in the simplest thing
of like just getting up and go for a
walk if you're in your house or in the
same place doing some of all the same
routine again and again and again and
you're not allowing change to happen in
your life for the better then you need
to make that move and you need to make
that decision to just mix up your life
change up your environment like even if
it's as simple as simple as going as
simple as simple as simple as something
like going for a walk or going out to
your local shops for a walk or just
saying screw it you've got the
capability to say I have a passport
I'm I've raised up a little bit of money
I'm gonna go take your adventure for
we can socialize in you know what if you
don't have the social skills it's like
slowly try and get game getting on
social skills to meet new people to get
yourself around the world cuz you see me
I don't put a bloody flight go somewhere
random bump into someone like rotten it
was it was sat like 10 seats behind me
imagine like this was a full plane there
was three people on the plane I'm gonna
get speaking to run like ten seats
behind me gotcha it was like oh let's
sit together and talk to each other and
before you know it led to those like
relationship I now have with run which
is just absolutely crazy so as much as
it might be hard for you to take these
steps forward in life you just have to
try and push yourself forward to get
yourself into a better or different
situation because if you're living in
the same rut which is like making you
sad and unhappy you've got to do
something to get out of it you need to
have a change in your life I don't have
the answers to everything but again if
my if my videos can have that some sort
of positive effect and I hope they do
and if me directly talking about the
subject gonna have a positive effect
that I really hope it does as well so I
know there's a lot of people who watch
these videos you know just get through
life absolutely fine like Tommy I don't
need your advice I'm absolutely fine
where I am
and that that's usually the kind of the
way I address my videos I made my videos
just because I want to make the videos
the way I like to make them you know
this is just like sort of something that
comes with it you know with the sort of
helping people out of bad situations so
yeah never think it's okay to end it off
and I know that is a really like you
know controversial subject but I'm a
positive person life can be really
shitty and you know I've got two pints
in my life or I'm like it's not it you
know I've done everything I've wanted to
achieve like where can it go from here
only downhill or you know like where all
the world's been against me and the like
the world wants to see me burn I'm like
well fucking I like if the world wants
to see me burn shut up burn like not in
a sense of I want to kill myself but you
know just opening your mind up so that
conversation of like this is why people
maybe just want to end it and for me
it's you know surrounding yourself by
good people and positive people is a a
really good way to avoid that sort of
mindset so if you can try and get out
there try and meet new people and trust
me
life will be much better and to table
that conversation right now you can see
how much it plays on my mind of thinking
about it and then think about like what
I say my videos very carefully because
what impact it can have is how that
entire weekend plays out for me because
I just meet more and more people with
more and more stories
and and it just like blows my mind that
it it can have this sort of reach you
know via YouTube to people worldwide who
could be struggling with things
throughout life so it's kind of nice to
just come back after that know that I've
like had a positive impact and just
switch off and just clear my mind like
assess my life you know think I like in
a true sense of like how look I am to be
where I am today with an amazing
audience and being out to help people on
such a large scale it's like wow so I
just need the time to like switch off
and you know kind of take a break and
unfortunately the people who then suffer
from me taking a break you know by
taking time off by sleeping on a sofa
lie for like 16 hours is those people
who I'm helping support as well so it's
kind of despite you know like well they
like the positive videos but I'm doing
does it all day it's like oh shit I'm
not kind of help with them so I'm sorry
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry well you
can always see Tom get some Chinese food
and then see look for Joe so gonna
newspaper and then Tom go to bed so yeah
I'm sorry but very weird conversation
for today's vlog I just did nothing
I needed my day of rest I know it sounds
silly but I really really just needed it
and after after that tomorrow we'll be
back on track because cows run at my
house we're playing for tonight and
that's just the way things are so roll
the 12 seconds of footage I've got left
it's now 10 o'clock at night
so I'm going out picking up I'm a supply
there is promotion in this paper a shirt
leaking done since so page 3 West Joe
where did you always - always - always -
always Joe okay I'm seeing no Joe still
get here which is disappoint import I'm
sure he's gonna start being in
newspapers and Stephanie because oh my
god I'm so proud of him I've got the
feeling a bit too much change anyway
let's hit the road I probably should
have walked here to lose a bit of weight
for the amount I'm gonna gain but it is
what it is
alright God a lot of food yeah I wasn't
lying it was just a very very lazy day
and I just needed it so as you can tell
it feel a bit more energetic feel a bit
more positive today could be going down
to Manchester for a meal at 20 stories
tonight which I can't wait far I've been
said I'll be going to go there for ages
cuz everyone's been recommended it to me
so I'm gonna go there we review the
living tips of it because I'm sick of
people saying it's like one of the best
places to go and it actually not big so
yeah I'm gonna give you a true review of
20 stories but tonight
got hiccups so this is a good way to end
the vlog but honestly thank you very
much for watching two people who do
understand that you know even Tom does
need his day of rest sometimes which is
usually when I'm hungover not gonna lie
thanks for understanding but this is
more of a rather than Tom being tired
it's been a Tom just needs to switch off
his brain which you'd think with me
being bouncing off the walls over the
place never happens it does I just need
to switch off relax and just you know
gather my own thoughts of my own like
position in life so thank you for
understanding
you guys are legends if you are new
around here please make sure you
subscribe by clicking that button and
then when you click it it will say
subscribed rather than subscribe to
little Bell or appear like they might
what's it spell about click it I'll turn
on the notifications for when you can
next get my next video in your
subscription box and then I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day
ugh so make sure you click that thumbs
up button and if I can actually upload a
vlog every single day this week at 6
p.m. I'll be proud of myself because oh
you better know I'm trying to do it so
I'm gonna go edit this video now and
again I'm sorry about today but I just
need my mental break as well before I
mentally breakdown so you love you leave
you catch you tomorrow
adios once again I love you as always
