right so it's currently my hop us 12 and
I have this time a daily vlog so we
might as well gonna decide what's your
names okay my mum pleasure who did this
you're a wizard grenade' I know you
Rossum at Swiss chard and thank you so
much for getting our ticket to go to the
show you're a legend game's been stepped
off just a little bit right
this guy's a unit this guy's massive and
all weekend is be like I would hire
ahsoka it's like all right we can do
this get done Louisa has to put Center
in the charity box all right on your
marks get set go okay I see the baby
looks go Baines
yes those the most intently Beavis ever
guard oh my god
my name is Charlie and I came up with
the same life's to show me the most of
it and this is Tom and he got that same
tattoo down dude Wow how to finish
during the first meeting great of the
day they bring the best of snacks so
we're gonna get fast food this is sick
right so Charlotte it's a wizard how
long do these take to make oh my gosh I
love how the mustache is pretty accurate
consumer patchy so I've vicodin that's
amazing little steve of the shoulder wow
great behind-the-scenes time welcome to
main stage behind the scenes being
calvess these two lovely ladies over
here and we're just going to PT stuff so
this is where like last year whether you
like Jenga and all sorts of stuff so
we're doing it again I don't want the
challenges up but I've got a feeling
this is gonna become a magical wheel to
make it go in a certain direction but
whatever Oh
he has his own fans in the audience egg
it's a majority draw
hi I'm welcome to unboxing here we have
helped me I'm not greedy now wait I have
one not looks similar to this but not
the same but I might be able to get away
with a bit much you want I can get him
thanks awesome yeah well are you doing
yep no yeah you get back here yeah
that's right return bring it back oh my
that looks so much fun
come come come come come come so you
know I got a tattoo on the back of my
leg this is made by Kenny well what you
done made by Michael absolutely amazing
um okay what did you get any broken its
you hard
okay tell my girlfriend how long did you
quit for Wow Wow such a hard life okay
just say I was having nightmares about
this summer that I know now did not know
stop I don't want to film it I refused
to promote this kind of content
yeah that's not making the vlog so this
is a tough year immiscible Oh May they
this was me it went 2012 2012 I look
like an absolute fetus and then look uh
yeah the glow up you look good bro you
look good
our speak with a northern accent not
your attempt to uh okay I'm gonna go
down right now I hope my country lets
you stay trying to get a visa if there's
anyone anyone out there he wants to
marry Graham I'm hoping you online like
but are you available to mingle calm
City
syndicate min the life of Tom mingle
calm if you would like to marry this man
right here needs a visa so please do it
okay
I'm sorry who are you gonna call out Cal
oh really
and what's your intro music gonna be day
three of insomnia and we're now joined
by a Scott which is absolutely amazing
the health and happiness
you think this is concert
oh my god it's like a raindrop in it
like how I came up to my room to edit
the vlog I was like yep sweet cool about
to walk out the door so I just check on
the vlog and it crushed us right now I
say success in terms of I am sad in some
years over because I don't get to meet
anymore people bought I am so glad to be
home to be able to just get in my own
bag chill out and relax but more
importantly I now have the time
throughout my days to be able to edit
these vlog for your faces because whilst
I was insomnia I was like getting a bit
like 10 o'clock get my break for a
shower and all that started off heading
over to the venue and I was at the venue
until like 7 p.m. then when I'd finish
at the venue we'd come back and go for
food and then by the time I managed to
sit down edit my vlog and with a
terrible internet I was getting the
vlogs uploaded at like 1:00 a.m.
honestly it was driving me absolutely
crazy because it just took so long to
render my laptop took so long to upload
with him and that it was just like oh my
gosh so honestly I like even text Byron
and was like Byron I need you to edit
for me if I'm ever gonna go to an event
like that again like in insomnia I am
definitely hired an editor because I
just don't have the time throughout the
day
I'm exhausted for one like no sleep at
all and then just like every second of
the day that I have when I'm at that
event is I'm spent meeting you guys if
this every time I'm not doing it's
because I'm pooping or I'm eating so
it's basically a repeat the cycle thing
it didn't help that I was completely
over the flu and a cold ball
this is the first time as you see it I'm
back home now this is the first time
I've ever come back from an insomnia
feeling better that I was going to an
insomnia because I usually got that
feeling so fresh so ready so like you
know like let's do this and just just
healthy and I usually come back you know
I kind of bit rundown tired hungover you
know with a bit of a flu with someone
like that
but this case I went there with the flu
and I've come back without it so pretty
a pretty backwards way of doing things
but what all week's great to get these
vlogs uploaded every day 6 p.m. for the
next 7 days
it should be 6 p.m. ish and to everyone
I met at the venue I was like hey listen
guys thanks watching my videos even if
they're not uploaded on time but it was
nice you know to get that real live
feedback of people going like Tom we
don't actually expect them to be loaded
at 6:00
you know it's like a 6 p.m. ish so we'll
have it's fine the vlogs and we know
where to find them youtube.com forward
slash life of Tom and it was nice to be
reassured that even if I do miss that 6
p.m. time that people are willing to let
you know come back at a later time on
the next day to watch the vlog that was
uploaded late so to everyone I met this
weekend you were absolutely amazing it
was so epic I can't thank you all enough
for like like the gifts people were
bringing right I say this time and time
again I don't ask for gifts I don't like
tell people like you have to bring me
something or some other people just out
of their way to do it and it blows my
mind cuz some people make such crave
drawings on like sculptures you see it
on and some people just bring things
like Tommy when you have this and I'm
like I don't like I don't get why thank
you so much you do not have to so when
people were like coming up to the booth
you like I'm sorry I'm sorry I didn't
bring you anything I was like I don't
want you to bring me anything I just
want to be able to thank you for
watching my video it was like that's
literally what I did every single person
there I was like nice to me and like
thank you for watching my videos like
you can do anything with your time and
instead of like - spending your time on
something else you're spending your time
on me and again you're coming to a
gaming event and spending your time
where you can be doing something else
meeting me so yeah it's such a humbling
experience going to that event it's
absolutely incredible the vlogs are so
randomly structured you know just like
click click click random it's just all
over the place is because in between
when I might I've got a bit of a
momentum like I feel most of film that
film this and I'm ready to fill my next
thing I learned a bumping into someone
so then I get talking to her like 10 15
minutes another forget to vlog the next
section so I am back home now you will
see tomorrow's vlog where I am it
insomnia for the final day and then
after that we're gonna be back - just
like Tara being home and getting things
on track and finding out what's going on
with this not flamethrower so hopefully
we can find out some news so I'm not
just kind of like waiting around like
what's going on what's going on what's
going on we'll be proactive about it and
yeah that's that so I'm gonna love you
with you thank you very much for
watching make sure you leave a like rate
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. - the next day blog when I say 6
p.m.
oh I mean 6 p.m. so much love make sure
for my own sweat I presume to keep
forming Instagram at syndicate and I saw
Nick course
