yes sir new dawn it's a new day Rick I
got breakfast and it's man this is
exactly what I want to see what is that
that is your homemade cocktail homemade
cocktail pizza wings and wedges ready
this is the first time I've ever tried
it I'm gonna give you a ring out of ten
you ready oh that smells good
it's not sweet and it's not sour a bit
weird okay that's the name it's
complicated yeah hey guys thanks for
full night I'm glad that I have a
four-bedroom house and we all slept on
this sofa ten o'clock in the morning
look who I found
what does this work
alright kids thank you for coming I'm
gonna sit outside the front of my house
and catch you some time for the next two
hours possibly possibly a bicycle ride
hey I might show you that one as well
yes oh yeah cool means I can't believe
how nice is I love up in these doors
open it's just beautiful
I need a barbecue here immediately so
I'm gonna go off to America for about
two weeks we're gonna am I gonna cook
when I get back
how do you not trust me hey whilst them
in America I try and pick up some
cooking lessons and what right do you
like super noodles yeah good good I'll
buy one of those like ready meals an
attender cooked it well I don't really
intend on falling off but I look like
Peter Pan Opie if a gust of wind comes
it'll blow this dressing-gown opening
you'll see my bollocks why are you
walking when I said that oh man it's
like 3:45 but I've not even started
yesterday's vlog which is gonna take me
forever to do so I really need to get my
shit together say goodbye to my granddad
and get it Stein cuz otherwise it's
gonna be late get out get out
take the bird poo with you take the bird
be with you and get out yeah I might not
see you before yeah like two weeks all
right okay hey high five that oh okay
that works
should I go near arms of steel tube yeah
go and get your beast clean look at her
she needs needs a good wash
nice hand wash all right mate I'll see
you later
boy you've just got a lovely bunion he's
so great
got it they'd like to that make you like
England every other today you just like
well again haven't ordered anything
recently as always it's not from razor I
checked in Kasich says who is it hand on
it or something like that but yeah not
from razor so who could it be
or what creepy let's open up I've timed
out strobing big glass oh my god what
okay hello once again one my name is
pronounced
Saifi Toph ik don't ask why I just
spelled with like two I'm supposed to
say run but I spell errand for some
reason and three I've corrected your
name enjoy dude safe safe safe TOEIC
thank you for the the strobing big ones
safe you better know you better know
that next part I haven't Thom McCann's
here he's gonna be drinking out that
thing without a doubt sweet nurse
managed to get the vlog aired it word
managed to get the vlog on it's 5:25
it's gonna take 45 minutes to upload you
may know is that I am now changed back
into my mountain bike equipment because
I am gonna no no wait oh I hope she's
charged or put hopefully my dad and
everyone should be at the top of the
hill so let's go find him GoPro is
charged no something you probably never
wanna hear come out as soon as mouth
what God my ass is sore from yesterday
the this seat is like rock solid cell oh
this is gonna take some television ride
they said it'll be fun they said me
day two let's go Tony let's go on a bike
right they said no let's start lifting
bikes above our head for a photo all
right okay cool yeah I'm not doing that
with this thing on it fine we're going
on a bike ride but this clearly looks
like there's been mass hangings here
which is terrifying so I'm gonna leave
now before I get murdered tough bye oh
this is nice this is nice and muddy mmm
delicious oh here we go
bit of a faster loose section I'm gonna
let Tony go ahead so don't get shooting
me eyes unseat down jack
rumbles no yeah let him work okay I will
spin so why'd you want to go on put
stars in their eyes it's the same old
story you just didn't realize and it's a
long way to go from something-something
karaoke machine Saturday night drunken
troops
look look is it with those in the stairs
I'm pretty sure I'm gaining a flat tire
yeah where's this bring this cow yeah I
was thinking it Ricky all right yeah
she's launched deep roaring trees in it
okay diverter on the trees okay they're
not going your front brake okay
have drifted sideways oh hell yes
yeah yeah that was fun man that was
amazing yeah
Wow okay splay oh man down run down I
keep getting shit in my eye off my
wheels why did no one tell me to bring
sunglasses fuck sake Godsey drive right
blind hello hey man hope Tony doesn't
steal my bike I know he's okay trust me
grass this is the this is the good stuff
oh well you took the whole thing You
cheeky bastard he's gonna steal my bike
I can tell hello-oh point is Britain's
so nice I found a friend
Wow look at this view oh my God look at
the Sun freakin hell what a house
location well done oh is that yeah what
a weird house what howl random is nah
it's nice but it's not my taste that's
for sure
good on you kids that's good
so much so much mood dot this is
ridiculous
gonna be a city allegedly right oh no no
no III don't director this electric
motor off ever rumbles
I get a little sidetrack
it's that wild garlic fucking stinks
oh so beautiful sharp beautiful oh we're
going down to the pub bar to this
performing grapes witness beautiful
you're taking a panoramic no pressure
Ricky no pressure don't fuck this up
gone Richard Oh Richard ah ok life tip
is that yeah not trying to die today we
already see the cat crash yesterday so
we think to this week hell the next two
minute clip you're gonna watch he's
riding down a hill and it's really
really audio intense like it's like wow
so if you want to turn your volume down
turn it down now for the next two
minutes
thank you yes let's see how long into
your part oh no I got a little spotlight
dodge jag you're under nope I won't let
the police come on you are that mean I'd
love to be able to do that nice so sick
can you do it
oh no way
good as my dad was just saying don't
crush
five hey got a foot o'clock 38 last
minute alright Sam no fell sorry look
apologies
yeah I'm alright good see yeah well you
know yeah alright eight miles per hour
on this thing hi oh it's my go prod
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear Wesley happy
birthday to you geography after today
after we were drove it was good continue
your old recap yesterday's why we count
I think I build it I count life of Tom
into the shop floors cement so hopefully
you know that's only so hopefully like
forever
in the future I'll just say life of Tom
oh there's a piece of Shi on the side of
my face
it's a where's his birthday today so I
got him a happy wife card and hopefully
appreciates it also sweetie 20 years
oh and I hope it's worth it I think it's
the best one
I know I don't have a rink no but then
what is the park twist it turns into a
mother stage let's show it my wonderful
wife but then open it it turns into
Mother's Day that's like will you be my
wife
Steven hell will you be my wife I do it
idiot you've ruined it you ruined it my
god it is so cold my dad comes so
prepared with like echo and the jumper
meanwhile me not so much
well get out louder than my goodbyes
there yeah no idea what was gonna do for
the day and then you arrived in my way
of it I get that one yeah if I get that
one you have to get back over here see
it on the track and then we'll smash it
all right that's only half past 8:00 at
night and I'm already laying in bed
absolutely exhausted and tired and I
have a cozy so I'm gonna stay if quite
well thank you okay right now it is 11
o'clock at night and I was just laying
there chilled out watching youtube
videos know what stuff I was actually
what she saw sleds last ever livestream
it's quite sad way I just got some cash
up the cash machine because what kind of
food can you get 11 o'clock at night one
which is my favorite simply Chinese salt
and pepper chicken sweet corn and
chicken soup said that backwards but
whatever I'm drawn cluttered I just
don't want to look I just don't want to
look how is it possible to make more
mess having a party with only two people
to me gram Ricky three two guests how is
it possible to make more mess with them
than it did the entire cocktail party I
had the other weekend
yes that's where my vlog ended I ate
Chinese food wet in bed and watched
Marvel's Iron Fist which after like
seven episodes actually gets really good
so I kind of do recommend it just skip
the first seven
there's just no worth it but I want to
thank you guys for watching I hope you
did enjoy today's blog if you did make
sure you leave a like rating let's me
know you guys are enjoying it subscribe
and I want you to comment let me know
what your favorite food is from a
Chinese restaurant or if you do or do
not like Chinese and dad I need you to
do my outro for me again as always adios
that'll do
thanks guys oh dude
