Oh some beer day - one as a new dawn
it's a new day and I've still got cold
drink a little water we take a little
tablet and I still feel like Choiza
wheat night away freshened up a little
bit less like a potato and she's feeling
great managed to get my bags packed up
ignore the mess that's going on here we
go what's up my grades rockin all and on
the way but my bag with just honestly
the only thing that's and this is like
eight pairs of boxes eight pairs of
socks
we've got sure going out shoes and
that's like that basically I don't need
to take any t-shirts with me or anything
because we're going with the clothing
line so every day when I go to the stand
I get a fresh new shirt and that's all I
believe we're just waiting on Alice to
turn up pick me up and we're gonna head
down to insomnia 63 time for another set
of pills of Tom have you ever seen any
typical looking medicine canna pills in
your life this is what I'm doing every
four to six hours like when I go to
these gaming events I usually honestly
go to them like run down my body
completely not like purpose
it's just I'm there for from like 10
a.m. till 7 p.m. meeting fans all day
every day now let me say this if you
were to a gaming event on its own the
chances are you probably get sick just
to the amount people their germs people
not washing the hands and stuff and then
hey presto taste of drugs in the morning
great taking those bad boys every four
to six I was just in the hope and
attempt that I managed to push this out
my system I don't think I'm gonna be
able today but uh-oh something new I'm
gonna be trying this event is every time
I get up I usually miss the breakfast at
the hotel so and you'll be taking milk
with me and and it'd take some fruit
fiber cereal that way every time I wake
up every single day I can never be in a
spot which happens a lot when I'm like
shaking me hungry I've got no food and
after go and survive off like a subway
Sam we just so much so you've always
been a genius smart me what did you know
about that picnic bowl that every day
now I don't have to wake up at like 8:00
a.m. or whatever it is to get to the
breakfast downstairs I can just chilling
I'll be able to wake up in the morning
have a bowl of cereal and start my day
right most important meal you date man
you don't want to miss out
with Tom turn off the toaster and to get
these out rather than trying to Finnick
with them I'll do the fucking trick
since the little Scotch pancakes stab
them in the middle look at that look how
easily come out yeah oh you guys god
damn I don't know okay that boom the
amount of wife tips I give you guys is
unreal if you're off to university or
anything like that in life you are gonna
be sad you gonna be able to cook steaks
gonna be out some type of chicken you'll
have your cups of tea with honey in it
trust me that is a superfood you want -
system pop pods everything okay so I was
just about to leave with my facts it
being a Leslie but because I really want
to try and have the best event I've ever
had
I'm gonna try and get as much sleep as
possible and my way to mentally trick
myself into getting as much sleep as
possible
is like a child you ready like a child
I'm taking my pillow coz are you ready
for some psychological wizardry yeah you
should really have your bedroom only be
used for one thing and then that
sleeping because then that way
regardless if you are even that tired
when you go into your bedroom you mind
automatically things all right it's time
to sleep especially if you can associate
sleeping with a certain object like a
pillow so as soon as you put your head
to it you know you're about to fall
asleep
say hey presto when I usually go to this
game in event I don't really sleep that
well but if I do wow I love that I gotta
pee I am to make sure I didn't miss
going doesn't matter I won't bet at 4
a.m. right it's nearly ten o'clock and
we round the corner of his sister's
house I could've stayed in bed for next
to two hours then when I go to bed and
I've got my pillow I don't wanna sleep
oh my god I could actually super right
now this is great I wonder if they're in
there Jake were yesterday and dead you
rocked up in this doorway walked in the
guy's face I slapped
wrecked he rolled up - just going like
cars drummer and the guys were over none
of it and just bitch-slapped around the
face so i'm sniffling my tits up but it
doesn't matter I'm at the post stuff is
dropping off all the Civic original
orders I have to say this now I did say
it when we put out the discount code
expect you to deliveries to be late and
I did say this from the get-go just
simply because we're going to insomnia
we try but there's so many orders
couldn't keep up so we're going out sits
on the earth if you manage to get you
out now coded success if not you have to
wait off to the show sorry about that
but it's just the way it is it gets bad
it actually gets bad not only did I not
need to get up at that time we're now
gonna spend an extra hour loading the
van I thought I skip this part I know I
feel like poo oops you could say working
hard or hardly working because this
pillar was the best thing evident well
done ladies well done oh my gosh this is
what you guys need to survive Oh Oh me
this bike is clearly not carbon fiber
but it's coloured and painted to look
like it is okay now go left behind there
then what's it here a boob a Becks bear
kick that fan gave you a key here we go
ud cub yeah you never know what you need
some unis kill just a little random shit
laughs yeah really but I'm gonna go get
a bucket account out thanks bye Tom's
crap busted is this the entirety of his
saga 63 not before now really I think
it's just it's just me going this time
there's no Billy and there's no
Terrorizer I've decided that this
two-hour journey is gonna be perfect do
you know why this chilled is gonna be
perfect my craft no would you think I
have to nope let's get the entire way
wait well I should have said it the
first time should yeah coffee stop feel
like I'm getting coffee and caffeine
dependent anyway nice to see Alice
that's it oh wait actually you were yeah
you were wearing that you got me a Kathy
got mr. food ready for the row let's hit
the road trip oh boy
ah military truck you see that back
there yeah that's the service station
we're supposed to stop that so I could
take a poop sorry what not a good enough
excuse Alice copilot what happened
fans Lily we're gonna shit himself here
we are rolling up to the L Christmas
Spectacular show but also known as
Resorts World we were making it for
insomnia bang this bad boy and stop
playing runescape and maybe help out
they yeah maybe welcome to the behind
the scenes of insomnia right now I
succeed what only time should be done
insomnia now oh my goodness be sue me
it's over that sorry guys I can't wait
to see our new design we need to locate
where our standards and right now I'm
actually not too sure which direction
we're going yes that is looking noise
absolutely killed the design syndicate
original oh looks so good you happy it's
good oh oh they're setting up the back
as we speak mmm I'm so proud ever does
such a good job with it and then
somebody has stuff to do such a good job
putting it together for us look at it so
dice the design is so oh yeah so sweet I
love it it proper is the calm before the
storm this is the behind the scenes so
from the outside it looks like it's like
an actual you know I build in section
with things inside it and it will I've
stuck inside it but look it's just a
hollow like shell this stuff gets like
put together I want to say like come on
come on come on Anna Jamar what's that
it's like Lego come on oh you should
connect them all together you put like
the these big like fabric things across
with the designs on it and you set and
then if you do another show you can keep
the design you can like module it as
much as you want extend it as much as
you want you can you go up another two
stories if you want then put like this
that steps into it but you can make it a
seriously cool thing which Oh saying
that how cool how cool would be if we
actually do do another tear hear me out
because I've always said no I've always
said that our water like a little live
streaming beam inside
so what we could do is if you get a set
of stairs going up to a second module
and on the second stage it was like an
overlooking thing so I can see the
entirety of the event but I can just
stream from up there that would be so
sick really good well the mother ever
brushed it have an absolutely curse to
commit so just write to the evolution of
this like syndicate regional booze has
been insane because the last the first
ever event we came to write there was a
big raiser boss and at the edge of the
razor boss right if we can find a photo
we literally had the space from here to
there just one little desperately that
was it yeah like if we went from just
having one desk of selling stuff on and
what we did the first insomnia you can't
believe it they were like this is just
crazy
we absolutely like blocked off all the
entrances it's by you guys just went
mental
and to say it's gone from a desk this
big to a desk that big understand this
huge well done well they're very barrier
a oh geez so proud of you you've made
such an amazing run oh you so put check
what this guy's on he's got a chair that
rotates wait one who does a PVC set up
on there right I want one of those I
want one I want one I want one I get to
have myself a little sneaky wander
around the event before it starts ha ha
that's what I was looking for all night
I'll try and see if I can get one of
those Samsung Galaxy skins I don't think
it'd be possible because I don't want a
Samsung thought I can somehow acquire
one
we go car sir we've got logitech we've
got the division - we got some big-ass
name games here we got Nintendo oh my
gosh in ten dos boobies absolutely
insist you have to have a just ant stage
Tomb Raider gaming bus that's pretty
pretty cool pretty pretty pretty cool
must be a bitch and a half too rough oh
my god
little insomnia gaming stand this way to
get like there the mercs that says like
the event only I 63 and stuff that
people collect a food for section Spider
Man mmm and then hands down the best
peripheral company ever sponsored razor
look at this oh this is a big ass than
they've gone above and beyond for this
one simple backdrop and a little layouts
that are showing some things up but now
check this out it's a fabric thing like
maybe right neither wall of it looks
fabric but just with a white behind it
and looking it bites so god damn cool
woman This Is It this is it
razor blade 15 inch addition this is the
brand new gaming laptop look at it
absolutely gorgeous I'm pretty sure it's
got 144 Hertz screen yeah 144 Hertz
screen look at it it's got a much sharp
edge to it looks super sweet and when I
said I was sad to report that Josh and
Travis and my homies from Razer you
always see me with like key on as well
like all those three guys left Razer and
because he left Razer they were like my
point of contact to people to talk to it
Razer and the Western I had no one to
like speak to I'll be like okay guys
like you know what we're doing with
Ray's are like what's the activities for
like the year and spa so because they
left I didn't know who to speak to and I
just spoke to him from raising out I'm
gonna get back on track and we're gonna
get saw if it's sending me out this new
laptop so I can get my hands on it check
it out and see how it is you will soon
be mine and if by any chance I have like
a free like our something which I don't
I would totally be coming here because
Nick has managed to get set up which I
don't know if you've got like a way out
of all that either decora stuff now but
Nick managed to get sawed out a lot of
space that's got like computers cameras
microphones everything for youtubers
streamers to come over and you've got a
little streaming boobs to help for
people I've said I think I should whip
out my syndicate royale skills here
because it's a battle royale zone you're
saying hang out of it so join your tribe
that this is something that like games
done which is like you know game stores
well inside the game stores now they've
got areas where
you can go in and actually game like
like a London senator but but one
centers have got names to them Bristol
brawlers vest in Invincibles instant
Harriers Wells Manchester MK enigmas
that's that's a dope on I like that one
a lot
Stratford spa enzyme will be mer Norfolk
night hot
dope London Lionhearts that's it ah the
Manchester swarm that makes sense the
Manchester beer units is a sick logo
might have to actually go and check that
out become part of the Manchester swarm
what you know that but our il skill come
into play well give this cat right I
walked over enough that I've been
replaced by a big mostly dude and it
turns out it's your name's Tom I'm
carrying one ball to show me the new
shirts show me the new shirts being
large to insomnia
yeah she's using her skitters to cut
open the bat oh my god what is she found
this seems to be what's the name of this
one what what he called it venture it
says adventure on the front did that did
that did that did what sighs have you
just opened eyes up for me the final
decision and there's a white version of
it which I Oh is where black but we also
have a white version which looks also
very stable so you say why I prefer the
black was that what is it what do you
got what is it he posts Oh everyone is
insane need to put this on a poster
okay looks sick that looks super West I
was just yeah there there Bob there oh
my gosh that actually looks amazing oh
it feels good welcome well it's a
textured syndicate original explore
everything adventure everywhere so what
yeah this is not just like paper look
it's actually good material see we don't
we don't skip out at cynic original
sprinkler net clinic I don't know this
one is reveal oh that looks good doing
it
oh that looks really good no no your one
poster that's new it insomnia you got
this bye-bye the venture poster oh look
we got a little flair effect on its
scenic it original this is my twitch
colors oh my gosh
you know I see when I see this kinda
like a Transformers vibe but with the
colors I like it Oh Oh secret thing you
didn't point out if you look at the
background it's not actually black in
the right light if you just look
carefully you can see the print of the
lion in the background basically what I
say those fine details yo and because
we've got the newsstand
Alex Potter to give people the
opportunity to take away a part other
stunts oh not always she got those two
posters but we got we've got a little
bit of this love you sign oh what a nice
little booster cute just fits right just
I'm just throwing this out right now so
if you guys have ever been to one of the
Insomnia's and you're gonna see you this
weekend I can't wait to meet ya
but if you guys happen to have a penny
or a pound spare right in change please
bring it along to the event and you're
my block alright you don't ask you for
money it's not for me it's for motor
neuron disease as you guys know we come
to this show and in one of the shows
probably like like maybe three shows ago
I was just there and someone someone
came over I was like Tommy there's five
pounds for your motoneurons charity
stuff that you do sorry I didn't manage
to donate online I just enough that
capability
and I was like you know thank you so
much you know and what I did is I got
like a small cardboard box that's quite
big but a small cardboard box and I like
guys if you want to know like donate
some money we'll make sure it gets to
the cause so we did it and we raised
like a hundred quid it was amazing and
then the next year they gave was that
one of those tubes that you see like at
Tesco or like if you know the checkout
sort of thing and we - raised like I
think like 300 quid in a small table it
was mint
and then I believe in the last event we
raised something like 670 pounds because
the game is a book it
so we want to try and beat that tag at
this time so if you guys have got a
spare penny or a pound like one guy last
year donated a hundred pounds I'm not
expecting that in a slide it's bought it
does go to a good cause it has got the
official season it like no one is
touching this money over there my mom my
mom is the only official person who
counts it at the end to then send off to
mm da the charity because these guys are
based out of Manchester I supported them
for longest time we've raised like
nearly I think it told nearly 200
thousand British pounds for this charity
and with the help of you guys I want to
keep continuing to do that and we're
gonna do more stuff in the future but
this is just one of those little things
that we can do to carry on the cause so
no it was really personal to me like my
grandma passed away from it if you can
donate a penny or a pound I really
appreciate you guys so if you come to
the show you'll see this book it on the
end deal free to throw some change into
it now personally thank you this is for
the record if you lose them you're
replacing them and I'm lending Alice
these just for tonight okay if you lose
one of them you buy me a whole new set
you know the final piece of the puzzle
look at this the front section is going
on cheers boys appreciate big Tom I
wonder if anyone will know is the new
grass like minecraft great use a
helicopter what you like zip wire across
things and she looks amazing
okay nectar we're definitely coming back
to insomnia so we could do that but more
importantly there's no swimming classes
like again we did this it was fun I
climbed on that I climbed on the metal
things over there it was it was fun for
the second book yeah let's not do that
again no I completely forgot about this
so this hotel in this area like this
resort is so nice like there's a spiral
in everything but the one thing like the
one thing I hate about this hotel is its
smell there's blowing in a different
direction
nope not yeah they got rid of it
there's no way wait
well I can't smell it oh my god I think
we've got rid of it nope
what are you doing how bad you think you
keep it up stop the friendly because you
want the pillow you're not having it
no you haven't
this is my hotel look how far away she
is she's still going
this was supposed to be closed this was
supposed to be closed wait wait wait
wait I have to say this right now or I
could see why they couldn't switch my
room to any other room because what is
that Catherine Sabha Courtney wait what
did he say welcome back as a wait I'm a
valued guest there's a value to the
guests of the hotel enjoy all the perks
of a superior Rimmer's if there's
anything you do during his dad please do
not hesitate best which is emily is
absolutely sick okay team thank you so
much I did not give a single poop but
she's so far away now this is a big bag
but I get polos may I get bolos I saw us
comfy bed nice comfy bed which means bad
products what spa products but never
look
oh this is brilliant
Alice just run the entire way down here
run to this person's room try to use her
Akira to get in it didn't work which
went no like is if it a demagnetized I
said Alice your rooms all the way down
there
apparently I can't take this off the
entire time otherwise it won't let me
this looks good eczema is hat mom what
does he say boss for a day well guess
what I prefer this one stop this guy
this guy on the side of his heart has
got syndicate really this safe for a
venue the game and events over there
you've got this amazing location and
upstairs they've got a Santa some time
some Sun tie spa you're going into it
right now I'm gonna see if I can get a
massage if I'm get a massage what was
that the last session by the last
available like massage slot got taken
not to come out tomorrow the pool and
every city like hot tub sauna all that
is available until 10:00 p.m. when she's
pretty sick poor I've got the vlog
edited I was just trying to hope and
sneak in and massage because I tell you
something you know I'm like ill with flu
my body is just like so pen open tennis
so
and Fator tub I know ones go out the
slightest it's 11 o'clock tell you
something I think this is what the first
time in some year that I've actually got
my vlog edited yeah look at that I've
edited the vlog already I know I'm a
bowl of cereal and I'm about to head
over to the venue so I'm gonna throw
this clip in finalise it get the vlog
uploaded why something gone and
hopefully today's vlog came up at 6:00
p.m. so thank you very much for watching
I hope you enjoyed the video I'm sorry I
keep talking about me being ill all the
time but you know it's just part of my
life and I'm just gonna talk about
what's going on in my life so still full
of a kolbe
I'm like sniffling and snot in and I'm
just really really sick of it I've been
taking tablets non-stop a funny thing
that happened last night I like looking
tomorrow's vlog is when my mum came to
drop off the pillow to my room she left
it in Alice's and my mum gave me she was
like make sure you take some tablets
before you go to sleep but I was like
mom I've already taken some tablets like
three hours ago and she was like take
some more tablets otherwise you'll be
waking up at 3 p.m. and you won't be
able to go back to sleep I'll be fine
I woke up exactly at 3 p.m. sniffling
and snorting through my nose and I
couldn't go back to sleep for an hour so
it's very much taught me a life lesson
of your mom is actually full of true
wisdom so we're gonna listen to her more
from now on it's a lovely day in
Birmingham but that does not matter
because I'm going to be inside all day
till about 7:00 p.m. meeting you guys so
if you guys are gonna be at I 63 I'm
looking forward to seeing ya I have to
go I have to get this vlog edited
rendered and uploaded and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for next daily
vlog thank you for all you love thank
you for all your support your body is
tired I'm exhausted but we must trip on
if I do see ya and I see you've
exhausted I'm sorry but it's just the
way it is I've been trying to fight this
cold you've been watching me I've been
like honey healthy foods loads of
tablets it just doesn't seem to be doing
nothing so womp womp but I'm gonna love
you and leave your submission leave like
right click that subscribe button
ding cash bail if you haven't even got a
youtube account create YouTube account
click Subscribe then you'll be able to
doing going back Bell I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog that said it is the pub quiz
tonight so if I do end up drinking a lot
then that means I'm gonna be hungover
and this vlog will never get edited so
you've been warned much love miss adding
us
