good morning world I should probably not
be showing because it's like 7:00 a.m.
in France right now but I bought myself
some breakfast
I'm gonna go from haha 25-year Oh
breakfast that's ridiculous but it is
included wait no it's not this is not
included in the room yeah but I'm going
for a continental breakfast it's not
6:20 a.m. because this is England time
laptop so it's 7:20 a.m. I've got about
40 minutes so my vlog edited obviously
play a bit of runescape and then I
believe I'm starting my day so what is
today right today's video is sponsored
I'm not gonna give away everything
that's going on today because it's
pretty awesome what you're gonna find
out about they flew me out to France it
was like Tom we want you to come check
out our brand new tech it's pretty
goddamn sweet other thing is I actually
have seen a previous version of it when
I was at the last insomnia and somebody
what it is basically if you have like
say a potato computer and you want to be
rocking like some absolute beast of a
computer but you've only got like a
notebook or something like that
well basically what you can do is like
you see how I control my computer from
home sometimes you know like I can log
into it and then I can like upload my
vlogs whilst I'm away by using something
like TeamViewer Oh what shadow basically
allows you to do is remote access a
virtual pc that's like a high-end gaming
PC so if you're someone who's like not
wanting to spend like three four
thousand five thousand pounds of a
computer which people do you can pay for
this service and access a virtual pc
that's like super high-end so as long as
you've got internet you can connect to
this virtual PC I mean playing top tier
games on a top tip Virtual PC I'll be
showing you in person later on so don't
you worry if you're like I have
questions that don't get it others at
work trust me I kinda don't even that's
why I'm here and they're gonna explain
it to me in more detail but I have seen
it working I saw them running like a
super high-end game unlike a Lenovo
laptop which for the record you can't do
you guys will find out more about this
later but back home to the day gotta get
this vlog edited I've got about 40
minutes to get it don't get it uploaded
that just means I can chill out for the
rest of the day I will say that today
I've had like one of the worst
nightmares of my life like I'm not even
joking it felt so real I don't woke up
in like hot Forster was like yeah that's
like the first time about a nightmare in
the longest time and this might sound
weird but as much as the dream was
horrible
I do love nightmares because they make
you feel like alive and it's crazy to
think that your brain can just like
conjure up this wizard nurse got myself
a coffee orange juice and yogurt nearly
like three weeks
to get my haircut dude my barber did
such a good job look at that man kill
the game every hotel room you were
absolutely fine even though there was
loads of noise coming from downstairs
about five o'clock to morning just at
the same time I was having a haunted
dream always good in the hood so I'm
gonna stay it's 5.9 right in the
breakfast was it was nice I could feed
the five thousand with that shower was
now I've got nothing to complain about I
was gonna see there was is there a yes
yes wait is this visible I feel like
this is gonna be fizzy I think it might
be but I need a bottle of water
I've got like coffee orange juice and
all that starts to hang on your wall so
yeah I'm gonna check out this hotel room
gonna go meet up with a team now and
we're gonna head over to think shadows
offices and studios go over everything
check out the latest system that they've
got and see how it's all rock and rollin
much love goodbye I'm definitely coming
back to Paris just to rent one of those
scooters for the day this this is the
kind of technology that I believe in
this is like the cloud-based tech this
is like the future I'm on the same page
is this guy this is why when they said
like do you want to come and do this
like brandy I was like yes because right
you need say like 10 download to be able
to like access this system and get it
working and all that which is great but
then get the hell out of here so you
only need you only need 10 download to
connect to the system yeah yeah and then
I should I should use this for my
vlogging you use this system with a like
a standard internet speed to then
connect to their system where they've
got 800 800 oh my god he just said it's
a bit it's a bit slow but this is for
them when you'll want to play a game and
they're like a huge update comes out for
it cuz it's like PC high quality games
you do the update for it it doesn't
depend on your internet speed where you
are which hotel you're in or your house
you would you've got the superfast in
the backend you will use this kind of
connection you can see the passion in my
face because this is something that I
can use for my vlogging so when I go to
like hotels and stuff like that and I'm
trying to you know I I'm trying to be
like I need to get my video uploaded
something I can use this system to
upload it anywhere super quick and I
didn't even think about that until today
so that's incredible but right where's
the M key this is the weirdest key
whatever this is so French wait look
look out in this is instant look there's
there's there's no delay whatsoever and
I'm streaming this game there is no
delay in the slightest
wow so this is like
better screen obviously like that's the
better settled but then when your
transfer is this a notebook this this so
this is a notebook but I'm really far
cry 5 look no way you can see whatsoever
absolutely perfect yeah okay so we
switched from this setup over here then
to the notebook okay which was playing
but then they've got it on so is this
like an edge it's just a nightly running
on Android yes it's it's a normal Sam
Soon so on the Play Store and you can
just play down with the shadow map
exactly and then I can just transfer
between computer laptop so there's
playing on the potato laptop and then
can we switch over to this again just
wow that is really I told you that this
is like next-level tech this isn't just
like a random Brandie when I first met
these guys I was like this is really
good so if you if you if you if you
don't want to be spending thousands and
thousands and thousands on a computer
you can do this and then access it
wherever you want
exactly that's incredible that's what
were you trying to say to show that
computer obsoletes yeah she don't need
computer anymore that's so much better
to actually access all your data all
your game whatever you like it's true it
really is look at this this isn't this
is insane didn't even tell me like this
was a feature that they had you know
look at this look there's no delay that
wasn't I think you know what you're
about to see after what I'm just about
to say is gonna blow your damn mind the
thumbnail entitled kinda gave it away
but you truly have to see it to believe
it
so Tom from the future roll your clip
now this is tom from the future and you
saw how amazing that was you guys can
play this on like a really crappy pc you
can pour it over to mobile phone as long
as you've got an internet connection
they recommend 50 megabyte download the
like run it at really good quality and
if you guys are interested in what you
just saw you guys can sign up today
using a link down below and use the code
syndicate to get yourself a massive
discount off your first month what's
even better about this is if you just
want to try this for say one month ago
okay I've tried it it was amazing but it
didn't work out for me
there's no
so you can set up for one month with the
discount by using the code syndicate and
then decide to carry on or just take no
thanks a month was good enough and move
on and again I highly recommend this
I have companies come to me all the time
be like do a brand new for this new
brand new for that I'm like nah this
doesn't work with me and like my
audience sort of thing but I truly think
because it's the amount of times people
have said to me like Tommy ever got the
money for this system on this off of
that this seems like the perfect way to
do it so like I said I'll put a link
down description where you guys can go
and sign up you get to enjoy a fully
spec system rocket a GTX 1080 at the
moment which is constantly being
upgraded and to stay up to date with
like what's going on and what tech
they're putting in it the CEO himself
sits down every week on twitch and
doesn't ask me anything so if you've got
questions about like where the future of
the companies go in what the work you
don't or anything like that if you tuned
into it you can find out all the answers
so if you have been after the high-end
PC but haven't be able to afford it and
this is your perfect solution that I'm
glad I managed to introduce you guys
this company without further ado enjoy
the rest of LOX are we about to play on
the cinema screen oh you're saying hmm
and she's saying yes come on guys get it
together come on this is a movie here oh
you know how we just said this is so
French no this this is so French
terrible French I think I may be about
to play GTA 5 on a big screen oh boy
let's do this I told you this was gonna
be a random day thank you very much like
I've got the entire cinema to myself
right now oh I've got popcorn the
finesse touches I live in it I'm about
to start playing GTA 5 on a mobile phone
so if yeah if you have like the galaxy s
9 if you have a 4k screen phone you can
run the games on 4k so for example we're
loading up GTA 5 right now on a mobile
phone oh my god GTA 5 on a mobile phone
it looks incredible looks absolutely
incredible he's kicked a cat what sure I
was just talking about how fast my 4G is
at home and wait until you see how fast
their 4G is here in France it's just not
even funny
oh my gosh I
paying so much money for the Internet my
house have found it found you down and
you're getting this on your mobile phone
you know wait how much do you pay for
quit for quit a month a month yeah do
you know how much I pay for mine too
much eight yeah yeah that's that's all
I'm saying yeah oh my god
I'm I'm playing GTA 5 with the control
on a mobile oh dude this system is worth
every penny
just for this alone I'm gonna gut dump
iphone there's like no delay whatsoever
like none this is incredible this is
actually incredible that crash however
was not you can do to an iPad for an
even bigger screen yes just for like
portability oh my gosh wow I have a
reason to buy an iPad now I got actually
all the iPad pro oh my gosh I'll be
saying train stations and like every for
every nerd in the room would you be
jealous
there's no delay me excuse me stay there
job a Twix oh no I failed the mission
that's incredible if you were like
chilling somewhere and you were to just
play GTA 5 on the go it probably
actually plays better on that then it
would do it on like gaming laptop or
something like that I feel there's no
lag whatsoever I may have failed the
mission on the iPhone but we're now
gonna step things up a little bit to the
biggest screen in Europe this screen is
that big it's still coming down like
it's been coming down for like five
minutes now from a laptop to it what is
the exact size of this screen like do we
know the numbers who have been asking me
to play GTA 5 for the longest time so
you better know I'm doing it in style I
don't think you can comprehend how big
this actually is and it's 4k
wow this is so cool like we're just
currently saying it well because we're
connecting the controller so I can play
on the big screen but I am beyond
impressed already this makes me so damn
happy right now oh wait which one have
to click at the bottom
sir mode this is it this is actually a
thing right now controller magistrate
here there's no delay
I just want to complete this mission to
the Amida third factor Oh totally just
killed there's no latency the flyest it
plays perfectly I thought it would be
wagging up because they say in the
system I thought I'd be like it because
of the screen but it's absolutely
perfect
this is a bigger screen in Europe it's
one of the coolest things I think I've
ever done like really this is really
good
I don't think I'm gonna survive if ever
I yeah I don't have high hopes nail it
like how you break into a jet punch the
door
Alvin will go pay the gentlemen
goddamn mouse
Oh No
what are you doing here and me no reason
a question is because he tracked me let
me use your phone and fly at the same
time never I'm trying to take the
thumbnail for the video real quick and
it's like a tour of people just walks in
oh the idea of the employees oh hi
thank God you didn't see me crash up
playing five seconds ago like welcome to
YouTube thumbnails 101 incredible I
managed to steal plane fly upside down
unfortunately crashed I'm sorry you had
to witness that I apologize but it
played with no way didn't see whatsoever
amazing this place I didn't even know
they were gonna invite me here to the
cinema to try it so the fact that I even
managed to do this was just like
hands-down amazing the tech is
incredible this experience was amazing
nothing but nothing but good vibes I
just got given a baby sippy cup and I
was like can I get strong and I realize
Starbucks or stopping straws yeah I feel
like a child still in their Wi-Fi real
quick getting organized for the day and
you better know I'm getting the vlog
uploaded oh you know if they've got
fasting in it oh yeah they do oh my god
DJ yeah faster internet on there like
the Wi-Fi and their phones just staring
at me
hi it just happens to be three scooters
there and three of us there Oh mate I
literally just turned to show the Eiffel
Tower and this pole is exactly in the
wrong direction once I'll just take one
step this way yeah most people come to
the Eiffel Tower to be like wow it's so
beautiful don't get me wrong it is but
I've seen it a million and ten times
before meanwhile I'm sorry playing far
cry 5 underneath the Alpha talents guy
right here is the plague of France
seriously oh what oh you don't know I
have like a true hatred for these guys
you just walk around and I put that
where the offer you like three four a
year oh who needs three of those
seriously nobody want three of those
four euro and more are gonna come where
there's one there's always hundreds more
don't do it just don't just don't
breathe don't don't mmm
oh god dammit I had one job seriously
one job what do you think a concur is a
concur yeah is it like an object it's an
object yeah an objective
a car okay I give you a clue look in
that direction a tree Oh
closer but what about the truth no not
the bush the trunk no no no no see those
things hanging from it yes
they're called conquers ah let's get my
conker nice to see a conqueror it gets
better
not only is that a conquer or the
conquers inside it that is a gigantic
conquer but you guys just found a flaw
in our system that is a conquer but then
what's inside the conch it's ready yeah
okay now don't cruciate stand on it it's
pretty hard okay I think it's ripe
enough oh I think you might are thinking
about it oh yeah oh wow you are be no
conquers yeah they're not ready but
that's a conquer is it okay so now what
we do yeah yeah is the game you've got
to drill a hole in it you keep it in
vinegar overnight to make it harder and
then you and then you've got to hit your
Conqueror at her conquer and then
whichever one breaks loses that's it
that's conquers I just caught you to
America oh great welcome swing my mate
oh we're in France it's Grand Cafe is
where we're going to eat it looks
incredible oh we've come to the right
place
normal dinner my dinner I'm sorry you
help yourselves to this book I don't
know it's gonna come on but this is your
first time having an ice
in your life it's mind over matter okay
never heard that before
I'm gonna show goes oh you nailed Joe
say wow that was the saltiest voice
shall I read it my wife Wow that was
salty he's just such a French brand
deals restaurant it's beautiful it's
just textured I will say my dinner was
very nice book oh my god it was just too
much out for how hungry I was I was like
shaking the hungry
it just it just took too long to take
the shell off everything lazy
there's two cats I told you that I said
what you want you know there's two cat
he's just playing music with cats don't
French oh my God look as a French person
doing French things I love it
oh my god where are we don't lose him
what have you doing I was gonna be stuck
eating it okay well he lost doors okay
just say this has been the breast
Brendale I've ever done like the breast
is Brendale I've ever done love the
technology it's absolutely incredible
you guys should definitely sign up and
then I get a free tour of Paris house
just knowing what you do I'm Sebastian
from Chicago yeah although in Paris what
the heck is it a little boomed into you
guys everywhere don't forget you're more
than welcome to say hi some people like
can I get bomb-like pushka as long as I
don't look like I'm like crazy busy
oddly literally like having a
conversation with someone or some other
I'm always welcome
always always welcome where's the spot
go into a cathedral Oh where's that I
unread Nutella strange bjq view on a
train ride of Paris Luke how could you
I'm so happy this is a culture overload
fridge car French music French view move
it that right there is exactly one
well actually I'm supposed to kind of
still be dieting not for any of the
reason over there just eating healthy
but when in Paris
no one knows I'm chains aren't people
help are in the middle of the most
beautiful place in in fronts look at
this it's it's oh I'm dead loading up
breakfast crap in hand
yeah oh my gosh this is a win right now
tourists everywhere and to be fair you
can see why first of all that's
beautiful
but then look at that Wow
I've been there like three times and
it's still beautiful uh-huh where did
you say I don't know if you are or
aren't allowed to film them but I'm
definitely them because I think that's
absolutely I think you've got pharmacies
that's insane
they're doing a bloody photo shoot okay
go on that last oh don't you look like a
real couple uh no wait you he's real or
not
I think it's hundred percent really
really Wow with the same reaction hey
you know what they're taking a photo
near a bus stop I don't think it's real
like I know that's it's fake it's not
guy one jobs their trouble have been
really good to see you Tom yes thank you
my friend hola
uber stood up at once it was crazy all
right pepper please yes merci beaucoup
oh I definitely don't speak French merci
beaucoup laughs listen jump on people
your check that's all you're getting my
friend bonjour je m'appelle Tom
commenter pal - good the entire Airport
section of this completely closed with
police all the way outside it doesn't
seem like anything's going on down here
because is like people walking around
inside and stuff on art but upstairs
we've got completely caught enough not
too sure what's going on but I have to
go upstairs anyway for departures so
let's see if I can get up there okay so
I just asked the police like how do I
get upstairs to the departures and this
is the situation everyone's just like
stacked up next to each other all the
list to get upstairs have been
sable and no one seems to really know
what's going on kind of weird
the toilets have been locked off okay
everyone seems to be a bit of a
standstill
do not let people through the doors I'm
not sure why strange it seems like
everything's just gone back to normal
within the space of like five seconds
not sure why or how but it did
Manchester 6:20 on time k22 mother of
guards you see that big line of people
yeah that's my check-in area oh just
look at that it's perfect and check the
seat of one
thank you very much blade business class
flight home M at the airport like two
hours early right now so I'm hoping that
I get enough time you know to get
through security get what I need to do
and place the runescape
mm-hmm-hmm when you get a business class
flight unless you go through fast track
and everything so I get to be fastest
boy I was looking at all these expensive
whiskies look at them all 3,000 euros
8,000 euros bruh 5000 euros for that
ball and if you were a mini edition of
it like this here
it's gonna close yo Suite 500 me that's
seven thousand one hundred I always used
to think that Paris's airports EDG was
absolutely awful just absolutely crap ya
little did I know I can walk on the
corner
say yo sushi well I'm just upset I would
have gone that every time I thought that
was expensive but 19,000 oh my gosh look
at that one 23,000 I did it I found the
most expensive watch it's not 9800 it's
not 28,000 it's no 22,000 it's 33,000
it's gotten love hearts in it and
diamonds oh my god
dupe dough time this is all like the
airline I'm supposed to fight with her
come to my hot flight where I'm going to
hop back to England it was a good quick
trip goodbye friends
typical gray old manchester miserable as
per usual just like that
hopping off the goddamn plane I managed
to squeeze in like 45 minutes asleep on
that plane which I'm pretty happy about
I fell asleep with my earplugs in so I
fell asleep and I woke up but I felt
like falling out of my ear and it's
gonna go down the side of the airplane
managed to capture with wind didn't lose
it so I'm gonna give you guys the
opportunity to place your bets how long
is it gonna be before I evil is one or
both of these air pods place your bets
now like I'm good I'm giving myself a
week oh I got security like that right
there is why I don't check a bug and I
am taking my asshole off the plane and
through the exit in three minutes ahead
and of course until next time I will see
you again
what a crazy couple days traveling but
I'm home and I don't actually have now
any travel plans I think in the
slightest apart from going down to
Birmingham but I 63 that's it that's the
only next set of travel plans I've got
I've got I've got an idea
to try and do something on the 18th but
I really want to rescue some really
tired and if I do this thing it's gonna
exhaust me but I've got the idea to do
something but for now I'm home and I do
believe that win the technician from the
house the house has a technician the guy
is managed to plug in my new super fast
internet parently into my entire house
finger is crushed but I've got my
superfast internet throughout my entire
house now just so you know it's just
quicker and it works but man what a
great little travel adventure it's been
right weevil I went off to North
Carolina it was a pirate which was good
fun you guys yeah you didn't know that
was coming did you go admit I didn't
know it was coming either like it was so
random on the days it rolled around it
was like okay if you want to come and do
pirates weekend you literally like have
to leave today and as soon as I looked
online at flights it was if I didn't get
that like last flight at the end of the
day I want to miss the entire Saturday
days
it just panned out like perfectly and
just going out there today was so good
like I like again I know I said it was a
sponsored video board I heard and sorry
about that tech back insomnia and I was
like that's genius but when you hear
about someone at user like yeah but
there's loads of companies that try to
do that and it just doesn't work
properly and they've actually done it
they have actually done it so sell out
Thomas I'd doing a brand deal it works
and it's amazing so if you haven't got
the thousands of pounds to go and spend
on like a high-end PC or some like that
that is your best option and that's just
a fact it really is like if you think
about the concept of it like you're
someone who's really just so focused on
the gaming and you don't wanna be going
spending absolutely ridiculous amounts
of money on a computer it just seems
like the most common-sense way to go
about doing it and you saw how stoked I
was talking to the guy who created the
company the fact that they actually done
it is just insane and you can't not tip
your hat to someone who's like pushing
like innovation forward and doing it and
actually executing on it because so many
people are like we're gonna get this
done we're gonna achieve this so we're
gonna do that and then the companies
just fall apart
where's that guy that's I don't it
self-respect but honey I'm home oh wait
I'm single I see right wish me what I'm
about to do a speed test I hope it works
I will say this though you know I've got
like the 500 founder down did you know
go find it find it I said about 15
million times I am not crying over spilt
milk
but I just just V test and rather than
it being like are you mate you have like
300 400 400 down he said they have 30
down in 30 yo up so it is the new
Internet going through my system because
you know I had like the maximum of like
four reports so it's going through the
system but it's just not going through
at the speed it's supposed to be going
up so we're gonna have to do some
investigation I'm going to need tech
support waiting for it to get it sorted
I have a missed call I wonder if it's
from the police let's take a look no
just my holy looking granddad granddad
oh that's what I'm talking about mice to
get myself a new video uploaded last
night check it out and a certain
something hmm
gets mentioned I'm not gonna spoil how
it gets mentioned boy I think it's a
pretty good video that put together last
night but oh it feels good to be back
real neat start this in in that
situation but what an awesome vlog like
I said this like again and again again
today is you know I have companies reach
out all the time being like brandy I'm
Brenda Brenda and all the companies just
like truly want you to like to sell out
and they're like tell your audience this
is good there's the money and take in so
many youtubers just go yeah and then you
see what youtubers being like so I love
this purities I use this purchase all
the time thank you for money bank but
for me when I do brand deals with
companies I want something that's gonna
benefit you guys like whether it's a
game whether it's a discount to
something that I know about you guys
with one or it can equal a cruel
opportunity for me and I'm genuinely not
saying that in a selfish way to make the
vlog more interesting like today not
only was that like a cool piece of tech
that can benefit you guys you want to
get like into gaming and want the
high-end PC accessibility sort of thing
but then they threw in the cinema thing
like they didn't even tell me that that
was the thing it was just like go me
over them for today do a certain
activity which was like kept completely
secret and that's like the way I like
working with brands you know because
then that way it's a surprise for me
there's a surprise for you but then the
content the vlog is made epic by what
we're doing so it's a win for the
company it's a win for me because I'm
doing something absolutely epic and it's
a win for you guys because he's awesome
content so what an amazing amazing trip
that was I had a real absolute blast of
that I can't thank you for know if
honestly thank you very much for
reaching out to me to getting involved I
can't believe that I bumped into
insomnia tried for them a little bit at
the end of the show which I never get
the opportunity to do is all I'm doing
the entire time he's meeting up with you
guys like take ball-sized of Chad I just
I never get to look around the actual
event and then this company thought at
the end was like hey Tommy check this
out and I was like you know what I'd
actually like to check something out and
then it led to where we are now so what
amazing series of events but guys I'm
going to end today's vlog a thank you so
much for watching I hope you've enjoyed
it I hope you guys understand how and
when I do brand deals that it's like
it's truly not about me doing something
to get paid off a company for doing it
and you've seen me turned down brand
deals before I had brand once reached
out to me was like yo will pay like
$3,000 to tweet out saying you like our
film and I was so excited being like are
you joking me I was gonna go see this
film anyway and I love this franchise
but then I waited saw the film and all
they wanted me to do but all he wanted
me to do was tweet saying it was awesome
go check it out in cinemas but I watched
the film it was absolute trash so I just
went back to him and was like I'm sorry
but I'm not reading that and I
completely cancelled the brand deal
because the integrity of the brand deal
means a lot to me because at the end of
the day something that I'm recommending
to you so that's why I'm very picky
about brands that work with and again I
think this was a really awesome
opportunity for everyone involved again
if you wanna learn more
information about shadow put a link down
description don't get to use that
discount code syndicate and I will love
you and leave you and see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog so if you are new around here make
sure you click that subscribe button
dig going that notification bell and I
will see you for my next daily vlog
which will hopefully be on time but
let's be honest it never is but you like
how is all the way in Paris and still
managed to get my vlog uploaded on time
well then at my own house with my own
fast computer it's always late yeah I
don't start that one either but I'm
gonna go now so much that your face is
I'm sorry Dee
