right so it's time for me to start a new
dawn and a new day I'm going up this
escalator check-in my bag flying to
Manchester I'll be home for about four
maybe five hours or something like that
and then at 6 p.m. tonight
I'm flying other country because it's
alive for dramas that make sure you
subscribe
turn on your notifications because it's
another random adventure in the daily
life of top mmm
through Sakura 827 I've gone hour and a
half before everyone Tenten I'm Chester
since when did they open this open you
kidding me a Harry Potter shop that's
amazing this is awesome
this is so goddamn cool I have no idea
we put this in the airport I'm a fun I'm
Harry Potter makes me no doubt so bro
that watch is worth Manchester go to
gate 8 it seems like I've won the whole
not sleeping thing is really starting to
catch up man I feel really sluggish I
just want to pass out I can't I just
can't do it it'll ruin my entire
schedule for the week if I fall asleep
Buju
oh well I should really be saying is
Terminal three I'll see you again
because I think later today I'm gonna be
back here again home heck time ago I
literally just got back from America
like six hours ago or something like
landed in London and London to
Manchester and now I'm flying out to
Paris and then I'm coming back tomorrow
yeah yep this is some weird ass deja vu
right now but I think I've got time I
think I've got time to get my flight
yeah boy managed to check-in online so I
think we can just walk straight through
security sit down get Starbucks and be
chillin like a villain so okay but some
time for a flight once I think 740 Paris
CDG 45 to 50 sorted boarding that was a
winner I didn't get my bike searched hmm
now boarding okay I need to get my
hustle on so let's get it was gonna go
wow oh my god this Airport is so goddamn
busy in other news to try and keep
myself entertained on the flight thank
you I bought the air pods I've heard
really good things about them I heard
they were super dope but I've always
just popped them off so I picked up a
pair they were on sale let's give him a
test on a plane of Halford here I made
it with enough time to spare Joey
welcome to a super professional unboxing
total a cake design back when California
perfect oh my gosh Wow I smoked these
with an extra charging cable so that's a
link and just like that recycled I'm
pretty sure that this like acts as a
travel case but then also a charging
case Eve it's got a pilot slot in the
bottom of it and I'll tell you what it
feels nice and sleek
oh that's my home for the next one hour
so let's get going
I'm not sure whether to class this is my
dinner tonight book this is Farah French
the Air France buffet we have salmon and
seeds goddess I drove over here there to
come back I have got an idea and is an
egg some sort of dessert and I'm going
to shoot more DG's unless it's ice cream
I was amazing and for a full restaurant
review of this food the viewers are too
not either look at man
our flying suit just about to go down
clouds just of amazement they're too
close moment there for a taste test of
the seeds in salmon oh yes
very seedy
very cemani but actually not that bad
okay onto the green puree with stuff on
top
well it's Pete
is it like ground-up boxes
a good still running oh my goodness me
of all this the survey says
that's pretty good okay that was really
good the summer this was delicious but
this is a bit too
that's definitely cheese by the way
I'll try this also before it just about
school the coast of England up
I don't think good to see the White
Cliffs of Dover world still a pretty
beautiful sight
at the Golden Hour keeps going I'm going
to attempt to the French pastry it
doesn't smell of anything
Oh
Oh
Tsing gay okay now I got though like the
sourness and thinking us out of the way
really good
it's really nice I asked for a cup of
tea and it came in a make it yourself
get a cup of hot water
daebak some black black taking note and
since we won no darou later have a cup
of tea and we're about to start flying
over France goodbye England wow that
looks absolutely gorgeous
with module if I suppose our I've made
it
just
seen as though I have no a euros I can't
actually get a taxi so I've ordered an
uber um not too sure where he's picking
up from though okay I think this
provinces opera is my hotel it's even
this alright this well I made it into
town pretty athlete got it quite
successfully took about 45 minutes
bought either like mmm very nice little
hotel lobby I don't know if they're
still serving food or anything down here
I think the kitchens closed book is very
nice stay there for one night go and
check it out this awesome system
tomorrow and then well that's it so if I
go to bed now because it's like 11
o'clock at night I go to bed now I could
get up really early and go in adventure
would you be perfect but at the same
time part of me wants to go on adventure
at night now but I know everything's
gonna be closed our relation bother Hey
look at that I think I've been there
it's like a beautiful site where you can
overlook the entire city oh room 1-1
you know I'd switch light switch okay
all right this is home for the night
tada
hello bird the smart thing to do right
now would be to stay up edit my vlog get
it done be fresh in the morning don't
have to worry about it dr. panic about
or anything like that but at the same
time I'm really tired so body oh wow
leaning out on the streets of Paris
where they going entire group of people
are all smuggling themselves down that
alleyway what it's kind of weird out
here in Paris cuz you can just like look
into people's windows really easily like
someone could be like just taking a poo
and I can stare right at them because I
don't think many people believe in
curtains around here so maybe it's just
me being rude looking in their windows
but you know same time I'm an intrigues
person if someone's pooping I'm probably
gonna look that's on the record now okay
pretty simple hotel room bed cupboard
bathroom on the mirror it's kind of nice
kind of old-school but the most
important thing that I need tonight is a
confidence so how's the bed hmm okay
this hotel room gets a mmm 5.9 5.9 it's
not quite six not quite there so
three-star Hotel but gets 5.9 that may
change in the morning if something goes
down not too sure what but you know just
guys do a little unboxing you know like
when I go on planes and if you're going
business class they always give you like
a little toiletry bag and all this well
this is what the one I got off American
Airlines like a little plastic duffel
bag innocent right I don't think no this
isn't this is nothing like a duffle bag
they give you this weed what plus sticky
bag I think it's like just posted
walkthrough so you know it's be a
toiletry so that works for this is my
stuff on there still combined said bag
came with a dental kit which is to push
and toothpaste
I got a refreshening trouble kit from Co
Bigelow pretty old Bigelow's like a male
plastic no that's gigolo I'm thinking
gigolo I think this comes you like
mouthwash and like moisturizer and stuff
like that thumbs with the obvious
sleeping mask some flight socks which to
be fair I've only ever put on once cuz
they have cold feet boy I don't see the
point of them I think they keep you feet
pressurized or something or some like
that bought a pen
20% off coupon code some tissues
$100 towards any mattress Casper so I
basically just giving away $100 after
your faces boom you want to get a Casper
bed use a code okay sell hundred dollars
off and earplugs but I already use them
so yeah successful whole I have to say I
am really salty and I will never be the
same ever again because if you don't
remember when I flew with Emirates the
Emirates bag that they gave you was like
this it was just top class amazing way
absolutely amazing like a little trouble
kit that gave you and I was in love with
it I even had to because I fully
first-class out to Bali and got one from
that and then on the way back with me
business it's all right two of them and
then the day I got to LA the day I got
to LA I left the bag like toiletries I
think I lost all of it and I left it in
the back of the taxi I rang the taxi
company was like it's in the back and
then they were just like we'll get back
to in they never did so there's a taxi
driver out and it lightly smells like
amazing because he's got all like
Emirates hand cream and face scrubs and
my leather bag so and if there's anyone
out there who knows anyone who works at
Emirates then you can please send me a
spare one I'd appreciate it a lot
because seriously it was that good that
I was like I never need another one
again
and now instead I'm stuck with this like
weird plastic a sleeping bag cover and
like that your boy managed to get the
vlog edited uploaded wait I actually now
don't know whether the microphone and my
phone's been used on this is so let's go
this morning it is the next day I
managed to get my vlog edited I should
be able to get it rendered them may be
uploaded and hopefully still be on time
- I need to go today bought in
tomorrow's vlog you're gonna see me go
and check it out a new piece of tech
that could potentially change the gaming
world like massively but looking forward
to showing you that guys tomorrow but
until that I need to end this vlog so
thank you very much for watching if you
are new around and you're not subscribed
sign into a youtube account click the
subscribe button ding dong little
notification bell that appears next week
that way you get notified every time of
course new video oh you're a pro
Syndicates I just tweet like crazy over
there and I will see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. ish for the next overlook so
much lift your faces I'm gonna love you
I'm gonna leave you I'm gonna get this
uploaded I'm gonna be French and just
run around shouting croissants and stuff
like that which is totally like racist
but that's just the way the question
crumbles so thanks for watching guys I
hope you ready for another adventure
we're gonna be in Party for one day and
then we're goin home so I'll see you
tomorrow to see what's going down much
love I saw
the Haas
