don't any crisp called in Scotland today
wolf man last night
that was something else I went to
Brian's Reubens tidy in McDonald's
fell asleep with McDonald's on me woke
up boss we were watching Netflix
together I was like yo it's my room and
go to bed sit okay well like I said it's
time to get into the SEC we're gonna go
on stage and we're playing Molly 13 some
ecology blackops form and then as per
usual I am gonna be doing a meet and
greet all day till 6 p.m. meeting as
many people as I can it's gonna be a
good day it's cuz I think I'm still
drunk
honestly life yeah Oh
yeah yeah yeah
nice to show better most of it that is
awesome
yeah all together
yes I'm gonna do exactly what my mom
just said I'm gonna put that into
Steve's cage this is for me
oh hell yeah Steve's finally got a
friend I'm pretty sure it's goanna what
Steve has sex with this but make content
first of all I love that you've wrote
love the guys I love you too I think
because they always know I go to
Starbucks oh now and we have to go to my
local Starbucks just be this Oh me
that's awesome excuse me one Starbucks
can I've been in the latte thank you
very much
thanks guys what right okay so this is
so random whatever always says are where
you play again when you play again with
it and I chose I like not really because
you know it's adding people I have to
change my privacy settings to add people
interface randomly on Twitter one guy
just must be going yo play game on fight
night women I was like sure added him
ninja Bobby this is the guy
oh my gosh I never run in with do games
that are just idly we played far tonight
we almost won but what you did to get a
victory but he's here in person now so
I'm gonna hook him up with a load of
swag Wow
yesterday it was a tutu today it's a
Pokemon half really is this is what
you're responsible for listen I love my
job
bye yes but we were going to the spa
tomorrow what we were going to this
Banton now is going to go because he's
got a normal job you have the least
normal job ever Alice takes whatever
hours she was
don't let go Jack no let go for two
people it was way more than enough room
on that dog okay gallopin alright I got
people that I need to see these guys
been waiting watch me color in this
goodbye moment these guys been waiting
to meet yourself hello our way of
packing up the stunned their way oh my
god that's cool
holy shit guys yes that's a boost oh
it's so cool so that is what's replacing
this this is what they currently use at
the moment and then it's been replaced
by that oh it's a Land Rover
I'd even realized defenders assemble
boys hell yes oh that's mega
absolutely mega it's a proper old-school
defender as well because I guess dick
get them the two Byron wasn't me it was
Byron I forgot I even filmed it
I forgot I even filmed it me until she
was on the internet yes it was you look
like you've been on an absolute mud and
you've got my girls by your side which
isn't bad but then you look at oh really
boom de Nile Brian Palmer's denial Brian
and I still had a blood for 24 hours oh
god I could've eaten ice last night the
event is now over and for the final
toast once again Lindsey
smashing job team well done with the
well done with the show on the stand
girls you've absolutely crushed it as
usual friend I'm not too sure what you
did this show but uh thanks for uh let
me sleep in your bed last night let me
sleep in your bed last night
and randomness all day oh my god oh my
god yes okay okay that looks tiny mine
looks amazing
Oh mac and cheese
random tomorrow peppercorn sauce rib eye
may look everyone
after a good weekend well done team get
it down your neck you're better no roots
in this out of ten that solidly and
strictly if it tastes like crap I'll
tell you if it's good I'll tell you a
taste test of a medium rib eye with no
sauce it's nice it's nice tastes like
meat now the peppercorn sauce are you
ready my god that's a good sauce trying
some mushrooms no those mushrooms are
pretty damn good I like them welcome
macaroni and cheese but cheesy macaroni
and cheese mom I'm gonna eat this taken
and give you a rating the pillows come
and that does not determine my raging
forefathers steak it was very nice with
sauce I'd say solid 8.3 8.3 with sauce
without the sauce I would give it six my
name it was nice but there was no flavor
hey listen I threw at a rib I was not it
was not the juicy flavor I expected okay
I'm just saying anyway we're now playing
the build using game so what I'm gonna
say about this place right now is that
this cocktail or whiskey sour dan I
believe his name was behind the bar oh
that is a ten out of ten
whiskey sour Massif alas incredible
yes Karen that is a paperclip thanks I
found a twin you ready and twins mine's
worse no it's not that's broken that's
how you know we've got connection we're
sort of narrow you've got two nostrils
though you've got one in a bit okay I'm
just saying this right now the
experience of that restaurant incredible
stuff absolutely
you did amazing yeah not as a whole I
gave the steak I give her a 6 point 8
mistake actually whoa
okay first of all that looks amazing and
second of all that looks like hogwash
that's crazy
bought for service for everything for
atmosphere that place gets like Downton
I'm gonna go ahead in with my six
percent battery say I'll see you guys
tomorrow
at the spa where Brian apparently is
gonna be showing his ass again just
because he thinks yesterday's
representation it was terrible anyway I
think we'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah did you reset power
really honestly Lindsay thank you so
much for organizing everything it was
incredible
but I am gonna win today's vlog yeah
it's currently like nearly 11 o'clock at
night and some more on that later I need
to go to bed so we're stuff to your
faces make sure they like rate subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow
