never before in the life of Tom have I
ever filmed a 60 seconds in the life of
Tom because that's not usually what I do
here I'm supposed to film my entire day
and I kind of did I know straight away
you're gonna be like wait a minute
are you actually Turner's that you only
film 60 seconds in the day of the life
of you and again the answer is yes
because I got up as you'll see super
late in the day and it my vlog together
I went to go and see ant-man and the
wasp
amazing film I came home looked at the
sunset edited a gaming video all damn
night and that was it it was literally
nothing else for me to film and in live
stream I didn't do anything I just had a
really short simple day so enjoy a 60
seconds in the life of Tom Scott my man
talk about it good nicely your boy slept
for 12 hours
and I woke up at 1 o clock so it's not
like I wasted my day I've got my full
day ahead of me and I'm just fully
rested these situations I am not used to
my just like that I got a void uploaded
already listening to a discover we click
playlists by Spotify I'm loving it
wait pause everything I like to pause
music right before I do anything let me
give a massive shout out to this guy
he's called visions PSD check this post
remade for voyage of the deep how
amazing is that voyage of the deep
starring syndicate absolutely love it
not gonna lie I expected this place to
be super busy and it's absolutely empty
I've come to see a banana wasp I don't
know when it came out maybe today book
now that is a beautiful sunset esky ish
thing to walk out to kinda looks like a
painting seriously that sky is getting
better and better and better
I've got myself a copy from McAfee I
know that was a that was a first for you
and for me but I'm not even joking I've
never had a vlog day where I've filmed
so little footage in my life and true it
there's nothing else for me to a film
like food-wise I didn't even have
breakfast I didn't even have lunch or
anything like that
I can't even remember what I had for
dinner well I had out of five guys and I
smuggled it into the cinemas but I
couldn't have even shown you me going
into the five guys like and mess around
in there because I ordered it on my
phone walked in picture of walk straight
out to the cinema because I was rushing
I just forgot to vlog there was
nothing for me to vlog I just didn't
have time so I'm really sorry by being a
short vlog bought today's vlog was
terrible this goes down in history as
the shortest vlog I've ever done the
shot is my footage I've ever filmed but
it's worth it cause like right listen
hear me out right now I am not in
England anymore you're watching this
vlog right now I'm not in England I'm
not telling you where I am I'm not
telling you what I'm doing you're gonna
have to find out in tomorrow's vlog
let's just say this vlog is like a
precursor to an epic vlog and it's not
just one epic vlog I'm not gonna be back
to like Monday so there's no clues
there's no hints there's no nothing I
have been tweeting out I've left the
country but everyone's trying to work
out into it like what I use a lot be in
CSI investigation detectives and stuff
like that I'm not telling people where I
am so yeah take that with a pinch of
salt the vlogs will get better from this
point forward I can only really
apologize I'm sorry I know I'm saying is
that there's a special guest who I'm
staying with if I can't tell you about
who right now you can't see won't hear
or anything but they just crawled
underneath the floor under the camera
and out the room that's how secretive am
being right now and even more so in
tomorrow's vlog I said I'm in a
different country but then the next day
I'm gonna be in another country again so
it's gonna be a pretty crazy weekend for
you guys and a really awesome amount of
vlogs
a lot of problem you guys want playing
vlogs they're coming so this is a
precursor and a warning to be like
terrible for today amazing vlog tomorrow
so
I am really sorry it does really suck
but sometimes it just happens but I'm
not Noah things finally happening guys
I've just got uploaded to the gaming
channel the second episode of voyage of
the deep everyone has been saying that
where is it where is it where is it and
yeah it has been like four days since
the last episode bought episode 1 is on
nearly 800,000 views and no it's been a
few months since I actually posted a
Minecraft video to the channel like
seriously a long-ass time since I've
done it but I just felt like paying
minecraft I put it on the channel and it
absolutely has killed it like the gaming
channel is game like 5000 subscribers
since I posted this video so apparently
people don't like zombies on my channel
on emotes every time I upload it I'll
lose subscribers but then I upload
minecraft get nearly 800,000 views
and gain subscribers that's just more my
god diamond right there I actually
thought like maybe a hundred thousand
people would care about the Minecraft
series and be interested in it but at
the same time I did kind of forget how
many people subscribe to me because of
what the micro project lonely island
lone survivors racing got say you know
all that sort of stuff I truly truly did
forget how many people tuned in and
subscribed over the past eight years for
Minecraft so if you were one of those
people and you want to see episode 2
I'll put a link down description go and
enjoy it you're one of the people who
doesn't watch minecraft and you're like
what the heck is minecraft I don't play
it like some Katie game I have fun with
it I get really involved into it and
it's like a true long series that I
invest so much time and effort and
energy into to the point where as you
may have noticed the video is 5 hours
long and yeah there's not just one five
hour video there's two so you know if
you have a spare ten hours and want to
catch up with a series so far then feel
free go check them out enjoy subscribe
to the gaming channel and make you guys
and have fun so I know everyone doesn't
like Minecraft and I appreciate that
100% but if you do want to go check out
an awesome video as well here this is
the video that I spent so long yesterday
editing this guy called me out to a
challenge that I set B is asked so go
check it out you'll enjoy it if you're
fun of the means or this guy right here
you will love this video so I'm really
sorry about this vlog being so light
uploaded it's currently 11:30 - I've got
to get this video edit it rendered
uploaded before midnight otherwise I've
got another day not uploaded before
midnight but guys this was a 60 seconds
in the life of Tom I'm really really
sorry I
telling you more you will find out
tomorrow I love you so much I appreciate
you having a bite and I hope you can
just let me off this one day I literally
did nothing for the day I did nothing
except focus on the gaming channels so
I'm really really sorry but this weekend
I promise you will make up for it until
then
thank you for watching I love you I'll
leave you make sure leave a like rate
and subscribe
Dingaan that notification bell and i'll
see you tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish not 6
minutes till midnight the next day ok
let's not do that one again yeah alright
much of sorry us
