good morning to your face and also my
dad's face who's just arrived in his
vehicle and is mowing my lawn looking
beautiful looks like bloody Wimbledon
what happened near hosepipe ban in
effect tomorrow tomorrow I was
interrupted by Mars bar
Alex coz he drank me cuz he's doing a
mission a guy called Danny wants us
beats him on the phones with my phone
stops again now because Mars bars
ringing me back and Daniels on the phone
so Mike start my day with a gossip war
hydrate your body you hydrate your mind
we hydrate you're buying you hydrate
your soul and then known to dehydrate
yourself you have a burnt literally
burnt Wow
that hurt and another even more god
dammit hurt right time for the toaster
trick you ready what nailed it
still going dedicated cause not only did
he mold this way he's no mo in that way
don't even know why you do that but it
looks great on to something else that
looks great Oh your boys marinating some
chicken this time with not the none
knows medium but with the garlic medium
sauce looking good yeah but because it's
chicken I don't think you supposed to
let it on the side so I'm gonna keep a
nice cool temperature here by donating
myself thought up was a nice meal
tonight I'm saying this rate new and
it's three o'clock now
I had my breakfast about now I really
did eat a proper meal last night I got
so carried away with streaming that
yesterday was the first day in like a
full month that I've not had like a true
proper meal so that's something that I
said that I've always wanted to not do
but I just got so carried away with
streaming that stream for nine hours
don't know I'm holding these things up
make it like two but I screamed for nine
hours last night absolute nine and a
half absolutely crazy it was one of the
craziest rooms I've ever had bought and
need to make sure I take breaks neat
food otherwise I will not feel like
healthy and good I'll feel like shit
I'll start going into this really not
nice place and I need to make sure I'm
drinking more water I've not been doing
that recently I lost my big bottle that
caramel wall around it so I'm starting
to get these dark lines but a looking
healthy tip from Tom is make sure you're
drinking loads water lots and lots of
water hydrates your entire body mind
feels fresh your vision feels better
like if you ever never noticed if you've
got a day where you've got bad vision if
you have a glass of water usually gets
bad
dehydrate your brains dehydrated like
your eyes are dehydrated it makes me
focus so much more but then probably
about to get judged like absolutely
crazy for showing you guys this book
whatever and you're ready to judge me
bang this stuff okay wrong way around
Vaseline oh my goodness me now I'm not
telling you this because I want you to
go lube in yourselves up bought
moisturizing every day oh my gosh my
skin feels fresh I feel fresh aloe vera
on as well so it like helps like repair
your dry skin like when it's been up
when you get in all this soot on your
body your skin is just dehydrated
dehydrated dehydrated so it's drinking
loads of water that helps and then if
you're making sure you put moisturizer
on man tell you what your body just
feels so good and you look better and
these dark glands won't be as deep if I
was putting it on for like the past week
but haven't been doing the more you know
water and moisturizer
yes boys I know it sounds weird but do
it and welcome to a streamers room where
you stream for like nine hours it in and
don't take care of the office I got
Lindros am or why it's got all over the
place because this came off oh there's
my bottle of water that's good I've got
screens in here clothes in here
documentation in here whatever this is
down there I got banana I got an apple I
don't get me wrong that's not been there
for like ages that's there from last
night
mMmmm what to think about this resin
resin resin right here are kinda grim
and grey typical England because because
because we're organizing all the
giveaways from the twitch winners which
have just been insane like usually on a
stream like say we hit hundred fifty
subscribers like hey it's a t-shirt
giveaway twice in the past like week
I've here and a thousand subscriber
trains and always that giveaway it's a
massive bonus giveaway as well so it's
just been like absolutely madness I've
given away probably like 30 maybe 40
t-shirts over the past week so yeah
we've got to make sure we've got
everyone's details if you are watching
this now and you're like hey I bought a
t-shirt
don't worry I've been messaging in loads
of people today I try to get in contact
with everyone that the other people who
wouldn't confirm the details make sure
they've got all the right information
that we need and then get them the shirt
shipped out so bear with we're taking
care of it this is why my mom is a
wizard you ready yeah how much did they
want me to reinsure my defender for
seven a half thousand and I'll only be
driving for years
I don't twenty-five break it out but how
much rat so rather than paying seven
grand a year mum I want you to get it
for fully insured for everything at all
of it thank you that's about high five
that's a good high five she's a wizard i
i've never try and do it myself cuz
she's the best she's actually the best
are organising it crazy yeah people see
your teacup go
okay so mum said its diner to see what
this is services to the beerbot open it
up and see what it is what could it be
you guys leave again oh oh it's a
package it's wrapped off it's a package
and it's wrapped up with what it says a
gift for you and gift for you
okay let's this no more packaging this
is what major gifts this GoPro
accessories wait nope alright
it's just wait wait it's more weight
then Hawksmoor
I knew it was hey top awesome blogs
hopefully now these you could have
always phone right put on your defender
- cheers bad Oh Ben's ago you something
else to like go and do like the absolute
ledger we start with the events I saw a
message via Twitter saying I saved you
some GoPro months eight years ago
oh sorry but we've a thesis all I mean
didn't burn them
thank you very much nice I now can't the
point about not having enough GoPro
myself thank you thanks for saving me
like for grandmom business thanks for
thank thanks for keeping these two in
the job guys
I always hated discount code Diamond
didn't you know no she didn't there was
there was that many orders that the
delivery guy came today
he couldn't collect all of them have a
list can I have a lift
what no I don't want to lift can I have
a lift
I only just clicked at least drives to
work
she literally lives on the corner why
did she walk he busted transition out of
Tesco master yet mouth of some bananas
some mushrooms a coffee
probably not the best thing I should be
drinking and a bottle of water I'm
smashing I'm saying this right now if
you ever want to get your hair caught
good old boys in G cross is where I last
got my hair cut I'll tell you somewhere
I've never been so happy with a haircut
in the longest time
he's absolutely smashed it so if you
ever wanna go get a haircut and there's
a few people who say like they want to
get the haircut like how I do it go in
there tell me when I get it done like
mine don't get me wrong if you think a
lot like a potato then that's fine but
honestly got this I'll always love spike
my hair up and he absolutely crushed it
all the rubble to go home as a rubble to
go home because that's frozen so you're
gonna go back to your mum
much with a shave and neck a shave and
four and a healthy stomach edit in the
new Minecraft voyage to the deep and oh
my gosh I think his voyage of the deep
by the way but the video was 5 hours and
7 minutes long oh my god
salsa kinda weird is it the first
episode was 5 hours and 5 minutes and I
didn't expect it to be 5 minutes 7
minutes long I just felt like playing
that amount of time and that's what I
finally from the moment of starting to
finish it got tired so I guess my
burnout point of playing minecraft for a
day is exactly 5 hours just done I have
edited together the new voyage of the
deep episode it is gonna take 2 hours
and 37 minutes more to render so you
know won't know 3 hours to render not
bad
oh you brought me someone to play with
come on then go get it go fetch it
wait what's that cat plays with the toy
you
indeed Lee go ahead get myself some food
so like I said cook myself some proper
meals we're gonna go downstairs and whip
myself up some chicken gas water bowl of
marinated chicken later what the hell is
going on without flame are you good
I think I fixed it right I was actually
about to pick this up and just put it
straight on like that well then cancel
that halfway turn boys my boy you know
what the hell is that red stuff on it's
on I don't know you find attempting a
secret disease defying it in the oven
for 15 minutes so guess juicy juicy
something I'm gonna turn this dish into
because last time it was a gorgeous dish
but I got some mushrooms that I've got
shots up over here I'm gonna use the mix
vegetables as well but not all of them
because what I've got in the cupboard is
I actually have some stir-fry Singapore
noodles so if I have some where there we
go either way I've got myself a wok so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna cook up
this chicken throw it into there once
it's cooked chop it up throw it in the
noodles with a wok wok it together with
some mushrooms in there and a vegetable
and I'll have a nice stir fry now let's
just ask chicken fat there front booth
don't forget the tip at all yet your
baking tray like this get yourself some
tinfoil it's a big enough size hold all
your sides in of your tin foil because
this size is big enough to be able to
hold all my chicken thighs so if I put
all of them on here it won't make any of
this messy there's this great and they
for the transfer don't one go in there
but one go in there
we got one go in there now what I'm
actually gonna do is I'm actually gonna
pour these mushrooms just scattered
inside because all this juice is gonna
soak out and hopefully make them nice
and tasty but wait and see how that
turns out go for 15 minutes see you
later
boom okay vegetables out of done nicely
nicely chicken is nice and cooked look I
told you about that sauce that oil being
sucked up the flavor being sucked up by
the mushrooms but they'll get flavored
with this I'm gonna throw in some glaze
of chopped garlic some soy some chili
garlic sauce real mix of flavors here
but like I said I love food that is just
a flavor explosion just one flavors me
plant all of it together yeah
we're gonna chop up this chicken and
some more edible pieces leave the oil to
set because when it says it goes hard
it's easier to throw eggs if you scrunch
it up now it may leak out the side or
some other to leave it to set but in
this case I might be using that I'll
form a stir fry so I won't be doing
protip now these are fully perfectly
cooked these are supposed to be boneless
boneless chicken thighs like bone was
boneless but when I was even the other
day like saying you know same impact on
the same store I found of quite a few
minutes ago and I said I wasn't wasn't
too keen on it so hmm I'll have to wait
and see and hope you don't find it in
this one okey-dokey tons I believe that
is my chicken nicely chopped up let me
do a taste test of a piece real quick
you ready
well that's even better than last time
Wow I'm gonna quickly drain off the
vegetables you don't have a strainer you
can just do the side trick of using the
pan lid against the side but there you
go
gonna get this wok going again now it
said you're supposed to put a bit of oil
in the pan you know to help the the
process of the stir-fry in this case I'm
gonna put the chicken oil in here
Oh lovely lovely with the mushrooms that
are already flavored like crazy and then
gonna throw my chicken in chicken like
that a nicely done like so a bit more of
the vegetable aids all right turn the
heat back up again and set this is where
a lot of flavor gets mixed up into the
pan in with said noodles okay got a
walkin
that's the thing with walking to get
them everywhere beats walking it off
together I've changed instruments now
just so I can make sure I get the the
noodles all mixed up in here got
ourselves some chicken thighs and
broccoli carrots and baby sweet on it oh
that actually looks amazing but more
importantly smells incredible
I did actually plate this up here and
then I was like wait whatever put it in
this this dish looks terrible so I bind
it in this and oh boys that still fries
looking good let's turn the fan off and
let's go for a taste test of my stir-fry
we've got vegetables in there but
mushrooms there we've got chicken thighs
it smells amazing hot butt oh my gosh
whoa
that is a flavor explosion oh my gosh
you can taste the garlic like right off
the start the chili kicks in but then
the flavor that you're left with is just
this gorgeous chicken mm-hmm that's
amazing and thus I have cleaned the
kitchen down I've cleaned the pots I've
tidy the surfaces for turn off the
lights and it's done nice lovely dinner
I would say I really want to stream
tonight it's half past 11:00 at night I
don't know I've got a bit of headache so
I'm gonna drink some water
in the hopes that it just passes and I
think the smart decision is to not so
much final space by the way if you've
seen this anywhere advertised it's
called final space I was like oh man it
just seems like it's gonna be like a
ripoff rikimaru sort of thing and it's
like it's space and it's funny so you
know it's similar to Ricky my boy I
truly feel it can stand on its own
because it's just it's humor is really
funny to me I really enjoyed it a lot
that said I'm not finished it yet so
we'll see how it pans out the smart
decision for me tonight would be to say
don't stream see there I did nine and a
half hours yesterday give my mind a
break just relax and then like jump in
the stream tomorrow it's not like that
because otherwise I might burn myself
out but I'm just loving streaming at the
moment so I'm like I should I think
actually I should do it I just know from
past experience that when I do it too
much then I get a bit like oh this is
this is taking up my entire life that I
think I'm just gonna break for tonight
play a bit runescape and relax oh yeah I
catch him anyway I believe got I had
this video rendering one hour 20 minutes
still to go not bad if you play in
runescape you better know your boys just
reached level 90 oh my videos finished
render it I've got it uploaded already
five hour video uploaded in 50 minutes
that's what I like to see and to quickly
address real quick
yesterday when I answered the phone I
was on the phones verge of pain like my
but my internet bill which again was
nine thousand pounds
it wasn't nine thousand pounds a month
it's nine thousand for the year now I
know some people like well Tom you can
pay for hyper optic and it's 60 quid a
month and this is this listen hey
young grasshopper or young internet
genius there was no other means of
internet there was no providers there
was no cheat systems there was no cheat
codes
there's no jet pack cheats there's no
time-traveling cheats to allow me to get
the superfast internet that I wanted
installed in this house then paying this
bill and I know it sucks but after all
these years no one ever told me that you
get a leased line into your own house
and the reason why is I actually own a
business like my YouTube channel that is
a business closed amount is a business
so because I'm a business owner I was
able to get a leased line installed I
don't think any Tom Dick and Harry can
should buy off the street unless you own
a business now don't get me wrong you
could open business saying I'm sorry in
this harddrive officially get a business
and then huh and then be able to open it
but nonetheless
a qualified to dogs get this internet
and yes it did cost nine thousand pounds
but a year everyone in the comments was
like there's no way Tommy's paid 9 grand
a month for Internet and the answer is
you're done right no I'm not Knight
you're under year for Internet you're
crazy
the ability to be able to do this upload
a five-hour like 55 gigabyte video in 50
minutes is worth every goddamn penny if
I would have known this at the time way
back when I say like bought my Audi for
example faster in an ER or a fast car I
would have got you know what
sorry Audi TT you can get pushed back a
few more years and hello superfast
broadband this affects when a day-to-day
basis more than anything you can imagine
if I needed to get from A to B I could
just get a taxi somewhere if I wanted to
pop to the shop so I can ask someone for
a lift I just walk where is this you
can't just go oh can someone lend me 500
up farther down internet doesn't work
like that this has changed my life for
the better and oh my gosh it just it
it's brought me this whole new fresh
passion for YouTube because like you
know like say all I'm gonna make a video
back in the day
and it would take like 12 hours to
render 59 billion hours to upload and
then upload it and then I said the video
do bad when I wasn't happy with
something I had to take it down and
reload it like I could take down this
video we had it reload it and have your
mother like the same time I'm aiming for
tomorrow like three times over then what
I used to be able to do so it just gives
me this fresh love of life for you to
burn
oh I tweeted this yesterday I've never
felt so much passion for doing YouTube
like it like helps you avoid but like
the gaming stuff in the stream and stuff
oh my gosh I love it my true passion is
back oh you're asleep she's one did I
think I'm gonna end up dropping them off
tomorrow with some like that but he's
like oh no she's coming I'm stayed awake
for her well is that so stay awake
because of me but don't you worry buddy
it's been nice spending time with you
I'm sure I'll see you again soon I'm
just buying this right now I slept for
12 hours last night 12 hours so rather
than stayin awake streaming like I
really wanted to stay open stream but
rather than doing that having a good
night's sleep I was clearly that
exhausted like mentally and physically
just from streaming that entire time
that I slept for 12 hours straight weird
thing with me though is if I sleep that
long that I usually feel more tired I've
been 12 hours sleep than I do everything
like five hours sleep but anyway guys I
have to end today's video I'm sorry that
I didn't manage to get the omegle video
up yesterday I imported all the clips
into my editing father I looked at them
but it was like there was some really
good footage and some funny clips and
stuff like that that I wanted post boy I
feel like I need more of a variation in
there cuz like a lot of it is like 40
clips 20 flights um one shall be some
magic tricks one was playing some music
I thought oh my god this is amazing
and then I had this like really the
heartfelt like emotional but in it but
the emotional bit I thought I recorded
for only 10 minutes ended up being like
30 so I was just like mm I don't know if
I want my first omegle video to be like
this emotional roller coaster
instead I want it's but this highlight
just full of randomness so maybe the
next one so I might go back to a meadow
and do a bit of filming but we're just
wait and see if I do end up getting it
out tonight them wicked I was
potentially supposed to be going down to
London watching the chaos I don't back
down documentary thing I think Alex
worked on but I don't think I would be
able to make it down there any time that
does sort bought I need to try and get
video out of the main channel tonight
it's not give it a new minecraft episode
you did see me get it up
but that's gonna be coming out when you
see this video tomorrow but that's gonna
be coming out on Thursday night if
you're looking forward to it if you
haven't watched all the first episode
make sure you catch up that all five
hours a bit enjoy the episode and then
the second one coming out soon but till
tomorrow guys thank you very much for
watching I will see you at 6 p.m. ish to
the next daily vlog
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe don't forget to go and check
out the brand new bankrupt series voyage
of the deep you'll find on my main
channel yes is 5 hours long but all you
gotta do is jump in watch a little bit
go away for a bit come back again leave
again come back a bit and there you go
YouTube yours this new system like where
you leave a video like 20 minutes in you
close it come back it picks up where you
left off which is amazing so if you
enjoyed that thank you for all your love
thank you from us for truly can't
believe it's like half a million views
in say 48 hours which is just mental so
thank you so much I love you I'll leave
you do that like rain think I don't know
of Keishi Bell will you subscribe and
I'll see you tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next
day vlog sarios
