start then a new dawn and a new day is
gonna be a day that I'm uploading
minecraft on my youtube channel for the
first time in months but just got the
ball get it about to upload that I need
to rush out the door immediately
I'm gob gob gob gob gob gob nice oh-ho
and it's gonna be uploaded in 35 seconds
ok bye now screen my decks the outside
we're gonna be picking up those two
cranks right there Jeppe going that side
or that not we do wait a small adventure
late every fact we found the way to the
critical that every driver was
absolutely amazing
whoa this is a good turnout he's a Grove
crooked rub private here we go where are
the boys
other girls where's Alex where is she
where's the bar over there oh if I'm
gonna do the cricket game properly it's
time for a bit I wasn't trying to avoid
drinking beer but they've only got gin
I'll be someone with this C is in the
courage you look at Mikey the Chairman
Mikey we're in the same shirt mate what
the hell
I really really should have bought some
Sun cream and check out my new shirt you
know I was just said I'm wearing all
black look at this okay I'm putting it
in the vlog right you can calm down put
that new shit at the bottom like yeah my
own time alright but anyway we're
drinking a beer in the Sun and if I
don't put some Sun cream on soon I'm
going to die I'll listen whatever you
think you're doing in life you're doing
it wrong this is how you do eat in a
cricket game a portable toasting machine
how much do you charge inks I'll pay for
it
actually I synched look at this oh my
god cheese and ham toasty I'm all gonna
I'm gonna give you a ten out of ten but
your are Michael lose one point guess
why you didn't well I think care about
the business actually you didn't cut it
into triangles there you go
I'm on a diet I'm not having mayo on me
this is probably the most unhealthy
thing I've eaten this entire month oh my
god this is the best
Oh Mike he killed it the toast is and
now here's a picnic now all this food
looks great
apart from this just because look at the
amount of flies on this what's under
here like what is arc of Babs
every one of them tell you right now
that's a good chicken kebab I don't know
I don't know if the ham made are from a
shop that is definitely a wasp on doing
it so I'm gonna go my friend
oh yeah that's that's what I saw my
bestie us let's do this oh my god wait
what I'm gonna try that I'm not a gin
drinker part this is a lie wait drinks
I'm trying it and with a marshmallow and
elderflower a capably wicked show up Oh
lovely no at first it tastes nice for
the next aftertaste of gin and tonic
that's just like it's that mouthwash got
off no offense to your gym but that's
the description that I would give any
type of gin and tonic it smells great
tastes great
and then they have to taste here we go
this is cowboy check him out cap it's
ready going that's it for I knew that
poor girl have you been dilly dilly with
the lollipop I appreciate that yeah yeah
but you know what else
ketchup water you lasted a long time you
did good but our boy cow is 8 for the
coot unfortunately you've had a few out
Mikey Mikey Mikey progress report
oh you Savage no I'm saying this right
now this team that were playing against
absolutely insane they scored 231 we're
only on 63 and we've got a al oh my god
these guys these got by the way these
guys are that good that they're about
scripts like the next league in the next
season
thank cricket terms what
no but unfortunately a out we've got two
people left to try and score us 170
wickets possible
that's it literally I managed to walk
from there to here have one conversation
with this guy about how good this team
is and we're out you know I always said
I'm always cursed when I watch sports
matches and stuff like that well this is
the first crooked game I've watched the
entire thing holding a ball honest thank
you to inviting me for another sporting
event that I'm going to watch in someone
lost in that's a sweaty table this is a
cleaned up today drinking gin and tonic
may I say it tastes no bear no bad is he
barely limping are you okay Oh lazy
didn't say yes he didn't say no it was
it was disappointing that they lost I
will say the other team was absolutely
incredible
they just absolutely smashed our team so
it's what it is but welcome to cooking
with Tom did it do it we'd actually
probably all on the pitch right now if
we would have one ball and I got myself
some chicken thighs seasoning this up
for about 10 minutes and living to set
and then once I run it gonna cook myself
them up
okay I've gone for a width seasoning
I've done some salt pepper and none
dough sauce and some soy no jokes I'm
gonna go for five minutes seal to two
and a half minutes each side of each
chicken five and then I'm gonna transfer
it after it's got a nice sizzle a crispy
edge to it over to the oven for 15
minutes your boy has got a fuckin boon a
half minute mark of turning over the
chicken all
it's looky-loos minute and a half more
and it's going in there okay pick myself
etch by the way if you can't be asked
like cooking your beds like cut it off
and I'll peel it sort of stuff highly
recommend these like you're from Tesco I
mixed vegetable medley and you get
carrots baby sweet corn broccoli yeah I
sneeze so basically everything you need
and whilst that's in the oven for 15
minutes this only takes six mix to cook
so time it perfect you're ready to go
and thus it's time to transfer this into
this you might be asking what the hell
is that well what when I put this
chicken onto this baking tray raveling
it in the entire tray dirty I keep all
the fat sealed within that tinfoil so I
can throw it away later making your life
easier with Tomeo like voila whilst the
food is cooking cat break hello there my
friend okay so I'm not seeing poo down
there that's good no sick you mean some
of your food which is good I didn't give
you quite a lot and I'm not seeing
anything your litter tray how are you
doing is your medicine working you
feeling healthy you're feeling good yes
you are nobody nobody vegetable is six
minutes on the clock alright I'm trying
to listen to some of the Stone Roses you
might like what the heck why I don't
know a single stone on the head I'm
trying to educate myself right now I
know this is going to upset some people
because you're all cultured and still
phenomenal I really don't care about
music I really don't he's got good me I
love it I don't care about buns
particular people or anything they could
have 10 million views one view if I like
it I like it but as of right now I'm not
sure Hartfield anyway turning off the
vegetables oh my God look at the amount
of fat that's come out of and unlock the
the actual tray is nice and clean and
all the fighters on the tin foil that's
a win anyhoo turn to threads filling my
chicken days onto my plate wait what am
I still am I still wearing the book time
funds for the chicken thighs
oh my god these looks so good so damn
good oh my lord
BAM turn
the light and over here I'm gonna let
this set because it's dead running the
moment but if you just leave it out to
dry then the fat goes hard you can fold
it up easy and it's not gonna drop out
chicken thighs vegetables i'm nom nom
nom nom nom I'm gonna do the taste tests
to get just cuz I feel like that's the
best way squeak are gorgeous
who doesn't like babies week on so team
pretty good I'm seeing some herbs and
spices in there it acts all cook top I
don't see any pinkness only flavor and
cook nurse let's go for a taste test now
flavor I put salt pepper garlic a bit of
light soy only a sprinkle just for
flavor and some Nando's sauce in there
you know what that is a lot of flavor it
is
I seriously nearly every dish I made if
it's just me eating it I will truly mess
around with the seasoning I'll put
bloody yogurt on it as something just to
see if it tastes random because you may
ever get a beautiful dish but ok chicken
thigh smells amazing oh my god oh my god
I'm not even joking I tell you I'd be
honest if it was bad even my own cooking
I tell you absolutely phenomenal Wow god
I wish it would cook some more and like
that you transferred to a office where
yes I'm wearing a vest top tank top not
tank top vest kind of thing because this
is something that we were working on
bringing out syndicate regional I don't
like like the little thin strapped one
sort of thing I think you look a bit odd
and I might have jumped straight into
like a product offered you bought yeah
coming soon we need a bit of a request
as to what designs should we do on these
tops are these vests because just really
can't decide but either way this is your
last chance guys to get yourself 10%
discount on all syndicate regional stuff
if you are posed to a whole year risk
but anything I'm gonna tell you right
now because there's only 24 hours left
the discount code is diamond okay
diamond is attempt sent off discount
course if you've ever wanted to get
yourself anything now's your time don't
do it
okay Tommy fell over there but thank you
very much for watching I'm gonna be
taking Gadsby to the vets now to get a
check up on him and make sure
everything's all right but I appreciate
everyone watching the video you're all
legends like I said out of anything you
could do with a day you spending time
watching what I'm up to so thank you I
love you I appreciate you enter the
amount of people showing love to the
brand new Minecraft series that started
the voyage of the deep hardcore
livestream series yes is five hours long
but if you want to watch like 20 minutes
of it
jump into it watch 20 minutes of it jump
back out jump back in whenever you feel
like it because YouTube says where you
watched up to nowadays so it's super
super awesome so it's a five hour video
you can't complain you've not had enough
minecraft and whenever I'm streaming the
next episode of this series I will tweet
it so if you want to follow me on
twitter at pros and make sure you do
that you'll see like on the ends light
but there you go there's my first
episode of minecraft in like literal
months but I have to go because that's
part usual I am running late to the vet
so I'm gonna love you I'm gonna leave
you thank you very much watching make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
if you want to check out that micro
video I'll put a link down below go and
show it some love subscribe to channel
leave a like rating and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day
of log 6:00 p.m.
ish for the next day blog so don't
forget temp set-off use the code Dimond
and save yourself some money much love
and I said yes
