guys before we get into today's vlog I
need to let you know now if you've ever
wanted to get yourself a syndicate
original shirt you can go ahead and just
get yourself some new original show
that's absolutely amazing that's
absolutely awesome but if you have a
family member yourself or anyone who can
fit themselves into a kid's syndicate
original t-shirt all kids size shirts
are gonna be 15 pounds on the website
usually 22 now 15 you can get all the
dope-ass designs but now even cheaper if
you want to get your hands on it sadhika
original com go get yourself a shirt
when they sell out they sell out if
you've ever wanted the chance now's the
time to do it and if you're just a
really small person who's another child
but can fit into child's clothing and
you just got yourself an amazing
discount stranger good morning I present
to you the new and improved come on okay
come in Toms hotel
dude reckons stayin in this room she's
out all the day so because she's out all
day he's not too well so I'm looking
after her for a few days yeah you might
have to come living with you okay look
how we set the kitty cat medicine 30
minutes ago
now he's nibbling on not all of the tin
of food but a little bit of the food and
he seems to be wolfing it down so we'll
keep our eye on your buddy
keep it down it might say not a flame
thrower but it's you I see it yeah he's
actually a flame thrower
five hundred dollars not by for another
flame for alright but I can hear Eva
gasps sizzling out of this seal here
underneath this are there but that does
not make me feel too safe about there's
not a flame thrower leaking gasps oh
shit that's felt that them I granddad's
gone I haven't got any milk in the house
for cereal because you know I woke up
about three o'clock in the afternoon so
you don't want me to eat for breakfast
and thank you - everybody's been telling
like Tom eating steak and all that's
good
as long as you're doing like you know
eating chicky then he in this and then
you'll mix it off not just eating steak
every day so it's been three days it's a
fan of steak so time for a steak mmm
nice this season looking good looking
good and are you ready for the sizzle oh
yeah oh yeah come come come come come
mmm look at those juices fizzy drink it
is God's plan all right
how is it tongs exceptional ribeye taste
test one I'm literally having nothing
else with it I'm just having steak
unfortunately I had no vegetables I
could have gotten got some but I was
just too hungry that I'm not we just
open wasn't Becky's wedding invitation
look at that it's the date set with a
love heart the 7th of September 2019
Rebecca and Stephen are getting married
that's so cute
all right even though you can't see
anything right now it's time to start my
day you might be like wait a minute
you've already been awake the answer to
that is yes but I've been lounging
around all day doing nothing so what I'm
going to do it is I'm driving to shop
I'm getting some milk how the hell have
I just set my alarm off I can only
assume it was you mr. cow sorry to
spookier sorry to spookier oh okay let's
take two all right all right so as I was
saying we're gonna go to Tesco it's a
24-hour but it's not it's only open till
midnight so we're gonna get some milk
some tea bags and just essentials
because I've completely run out
everything in this house nothing like
turning up to a Tesco at 11 o'clock at
night where's my basket bra I came for
three things
three goddamn things I left with one arm
one leg missing judge that was hard work
I don't know why I really don't know why
but I've just walked into my front door
at 11:00 12:00 at night
got all the shopping and it just hit me
that I want to play Minecraft so I'm
gonna pull this all the way in the old
stream gonna create a new world don't
know what it's gonna be like don't know
how it's gonna put out but I'm just get
create a hardcore world play and see
what happens their cat approaches a
litter tray and no I'm not gonna film
him doing it but I can tell you
something that this looked right now for
this sized cat is nowhere near the right
size because even sticks at the edge and
shit on the wall
I think the scratchpad does even better
because then you can put in there and
it's easy to be musically know so if you
want to go spray do with the walls let
go if you decide to go to scripture you
peel all over the walls and stuff it's
easier to clean off yeah not too sure
why I'm doing this book I've got
minecraft open and I'm naming my new
series and I've done a vote as to what
we should call it and it's come down to
the final two of even the deep voyage a
voyage of the deep ooh and I vote with
one minute left it looks like it's gonna
be by edge of the deep oh look at
everyone say hello hello there hello
vlog hello so you guys might hear me a
lot talking about like people subscribed
on Twitch it's a way to be able to
support the stream like you can you can
subscribe yet like all the perks the
emojis all that sort of stuff it's
awesome now I'm here streaming minecraft
like like for 12:00 in the morning and
whilst I've been streaming over the past
couple of months this is someone called
Albert who Albert as odd switch you can
choose to subscribe yourself or someone
can gift you a subscription basically
they pay for you to be subscribed to a
channel and Albert oh no no no no the
chats the spirit no Albert has gifted on
my twitch channel alone or hundred
subscriptions to 100 individual people
like look at the chat that going
absolutely crazy Albert has done so what
the heck but this Louise just donate $45
Louis you're insane Albert thank you so
much for your love and support dude that
is absolutely incredible thank you so
much your buyers been streaming for 6
hours and 35 minutes and we've just here
a 600 subscriber train so massive
shoutout to the gamer 49 for being my
last subscribe overnight that is crazy
awesome that should have been in I am a
fucking wizard oh my god what a name
thank you so much for the support guys
if you were in the stream tonight I did
not expect to play Minecraft for like 6
hours this was an epic stream everyone's
free killa hello that I'm vlogging again
this is actually like the first time
that I've ever finished a live stream of
Minecraft and turned it into a video
because I used to have my old computer
and if the video of light from the
livestream was like an hour long it
would take me like two hours to render
it this video is 5 hours long and we'll
try rendering it and seeing how long it
takes my computer to do I reckon it'll
take it like 5 hours like in real time
so 5 hours to render it out which is
totally awesome like super fast but the
best test is gonna be that when this
video is finished rendering how long
it'll take to upload to YouTube cuz a
lot of my live streams a lot of people
used to be like oh please upload it to
youtube low people alike would love to
see and people genuinely did what
actually got around to doing it
but the reason why I never did is
because when I went to upload it say if
it was just a one hour minecraft
streamer for an ice-cream or whatever
when I go to load its my youtube channel
it would take like six plus two nearly
12 hours took like an hour long video
this is a 5 hour long video 5 hours ok
and it's not in like shitty quality this
is full 1080 60 FPS quality so it's
gonna be in insane video the file itself
the raw files like 180 gigabytes so I
can't wait to say how long this is gonna
take to upload with my farm do not 500
down those were the first time I ever do
an upload and it says it's gonna take
over a minute cuz usually it's like 30
seconds or something like a 20 minute
video this is 5 hours so I probably have
to leave this rendering over knacks it's
currently 708 in the morning I've got to
be at Cal's cricket game at 1 so I'm
gonna sleep till about 12 no so five
hours sleep isn't too bad but let's see
how long this takes today I'm gonna
render out fingers crossed it works and
we'll see in the morning how long it
takes upload
oh boy wish it look good game computer
I'm just gonna turn these screens off
hope for the best
I'll see you later time for me to
probably not go to sleep but get myself
a nap because that Sun yeah that's
definitely on its way up a quick update
it's been rendering for 26 minutes and
it says it's only got two and a half
hours to go if that's right oh my god
this computer's a beast four hours later
I got an app live stream lines are
looking nasty but the video rendered out
which is absolutely epic it managed to
do it in like the two hours 45 minutes
you seen it's 45 gigabytes and it's five
hours and five minutes long let's see if
the video actually works it works nice
oh yeah okay he's perfect he's perfect
he's perfect perfect feather feather
perfect perfect perfect
boom five and a half hours of footage
okay you ready now time to upload this
and see how long this takes now again
with my old internet and our long video
would take hours hours now is hours and
hours and hours this is a five hour
video 45 gigabytes
how long is this gonna take - a little
minute video I won't be surprised if you
actually said an hour if he said an hour
that would be not be absolutely shitting
me
90 minutes 18 minutes 17 minutes 60
minutes I'm uploading a 45 gigabyte file
that's 5 hours 5 minutes and 30 seconds
long in 15 minutes why I don't get this
Internet sooner it's honestly but I
can't express how much this decision of
getting this new Internet has changed my
life so the bad wow just simply Wow if I
could have known about an Internet
leased line four years ago I would
rather installed in my house since day
one I will say probably would not have
the same effect of
excited em now you know because I've
gone through the struggle of really slow
internet all this time but the fact that
I can render out a video of five hours
long in two and a half hours so twice as
fast to the actual video quicker than
real time and then upload it in 15
minutes is just know so what I'm gonna
try and do is more actively go on Oasis
on posting on the gaming channel again
is concept that a stream on Twitch I'm
gonna put it into my Sony Vegas I'm
gonna edit it or remove like any
copyrighted music any gameplays that a
crap set you like if I'm playing like
fortnight for hours
I'm gonna render it out because it'll
just be fast as hell and then I'm gonna
put it on YouTube because so many people
asked me to talk more like my highlights
I like the full thing and I just never
get around to it because I truly thought
it was just gonna like take way too long
massive waste of time and there was just
no point in doing it but now that I can
do that so damn fast after that test I'm
gonna be doing that a lot more so like
the game that lives with me in Cal and
stuff like that somewhere I'm gonna be
sure from now on together was edited
rendered together an artist saw stuff
but that is absolutely awesome yeah I
got t-shirt on now this probably a bit
more appropriate but I need to tell you
guys this now because no not everyone
stays till then to the vlogs bought in
the Minecraft video that I'm uploading
to the main channel if you're watching
this vlog now it will be going up today
I'm not too sure what time probably
after the vlogs gone live but the moment
the verb goes live for 48 hours we're
gonna be doing 10% off all syndicate
regional Alex doesn't even know this yet
but when I was in minecraft yesterday I
found a certain scenario spoiler I found
a certain something in the actual game
and I was like if I find it I'm gonna
give you guys 10 percent off everything
off syndicate original for the next like
48 hours so I found it you can probably
guess what it is I'm trying not to spoil
it I did indeed find it and from that
point on I was like boom you guys can
get em set off so as soon as that video
goes live if you go watch the video find
out what the discount code is you can
get yourself ten percent off so if you
wanted to get one of those kid shoots
that I said at the start of 15 pounds
you'd be able to get yourself another
ten percent of that as well so that is
pretty awesome so just letting you know
if you haven't got to checked out the
new minecraft video go check it out give
it a watch true I'm sure someone in the
comments I'll tell you what the discount
code is I don't know say things that
don't respire it but there you go so I'm
gonna have to end today's vlog here guys
if you did enjoy this vlog thank you
very much for watching I know it's like
a very techy vlog ball you know a lot of
people
are interested in like the
behind-the-scenes about this I won't if
you're not then I totally understand but
it's just something that like means a
lot to me in this part of my life so I
share it with you but I agree this is
why I get it because in tomorrow's vlog
Cal is gonna be taking part in the
Cricut file if you don't know
sadhika original responds to tinsel
critical which is Carl's Cricket Club
and it's the final today so I need to
get this rendered I need to get my ass
over there and I need to get absolutely
drunk and celebrate with Carly's family
and everything like that unless it's
gonna be there when everyone's going to
be there so it's gonna be absolutely
wicked but to anyone who tuned in to the
minecraft room last night it was so
awesome I'd like you starting the vlog I
was like I just feel like sharing
minecraft so I did it and I did it for
like five hours of all I was six part
from the stuff I cut out like there was
just like the amount of times it took to
do giveaways as a fire but like a six a
half hour stream until it was just
mental so to anyone who tuned in thank
you so much for watching I'm saying this
now
James you made this intro yesterday like
within a few minutes on the stream
absolutely incredible if you guys are
looking forward to this new Minecraft
series I will put a link down below in
the description when it goes live I'll
just go to my youtube channel at
youtube.com for size indica make sure
you subscribe to the channel turn the
notifications I don't know how often I'm
going to be doing this Minecraft series
because it is a hardcore world so as
soon as the diet is over but if it lasts
a little while one episode could be 10
minutes whenever so it could be 10 hours
but regardless whenever I get it done
it's gonna be rendered it's gonna be
uploaded and it's gonna be a few faces
so if you're a Minecraft phone from back
in the day then happy days but I have to
go now cuz I'm getting texts uh from
being like Tom get your shit together
you'll be late for a cricket game so I
love you I'll leave you don't forget
about the discount on the shirts guys
don't forget about the discount code
that's give me the hidden in the gaming
video and I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. ish for the next day of love so
much love and I said yes
