yo I'm starting to get really freaked
out because you know it's like Groundhog
Day well guess what this is coming like
a common occurrence see you tomorrow
yeah all the best men I saw what in the
heck all right this time
another package it's not from Activision
this time but I've already read the
delivery company name and I know who
it's from
ladies and gentlemen I don't know how or
why but this is from rockstar games
so GTA I don't know why they send me
something
I don't know what it's about ball I have
receipt
oh by God with compliments Rockstar
Games oh hey Tom thank you for your
one-time support and we hope you enjoyed
Red Dead Redemption - could we got to
over 26 rockstar games
yo I had no idea it was coming out that
soon okay okay okay what was actually
kind of crazy that unlock that on my
gaming youtube channel I have like a
video with 26 million views on GTA 5 so
yeah I'm a massive light rock style fan
Bible let's open this bad boy up and see
what they sent me and before we go
anywhere if you didn't know rocked that
I like the king of swag packages they've
got so much stuff so I'm gonna assume
this is a Red Dead Redemption to mug
we've got a sticker we've got another
sticker I believe a t-shirt what is that
funny was just packaged in a t-shirt I
was right if it is a mug okay I think I
was right or is it a cantina oh yes it's
like a cod tea Oh
Red Dead Redemption - but check this out
oh nice and it's metal that is
absolutely epic
I said don't worry guys like this is the
most common occurrence in the world now
and we're gonna see you tomorrow because
the past three days in a row
he's turned up exactly half 10 but to
the team from Rockstar Games thank you
so so much for that I actually went to
their office and they've got the dopest
office the guys I met they were
incredible and I appreciate this work
package October 26 I had no idea it was
not that soon oh this is not exactly
where II expected to see myself this
morning
we went from my house to the vets and
you might like wait a minute where's
Steve I don't see you Steve well you
won't see Steve because I've got someone
else old friend called God's Berrien
hello there my friend you okay
so Libya is currently weighing holiday
and as you know Libya has the cats that
when we bought the count so it always
agreed that if we have a broke corporate
uh
she taped cats which was no big deal no
stress or anything like that yeah I miss
the cats a little bit but I've really
got used to a life without them I know
that sounds mean but that's just the way
it is
however Lydia's away on holiday and I
received a phone call that Gadsby not
too well so I'm bringing in to the vets
this little guy has been throwing up for
a few days and had been keeping their
eye on him to see field pass but
unfortunately he's getting no better
because she's in Greece on holiday I'm
really one available to bring him here
and again this goes without saying no me
and live here and not back together
there's nothing like that going on the
cat sick it's why I'm bringing them into
the vets because at the end of the day I
love this little guy even though he
pooed on my sofa he peed on my bed
he pooed under my bed he peed in my
office I still up in two pieces
hello buddy it's been a minute but this
little guy's not be done to keep down
any food and he keeps having runny poos
so hopefully they just give him some
medicine or a shot or something like
that it's all taken care of what hope he
doesn't end up being really ill I need
an operation no no you can't you're not
going through it you're staying here
you've been you're being a good cat come
on finds out I've watched you or
something like that watch your way I'm
gonna get murdered there's gonna be some
people being like oh my god the cats are
barking levite right now the cats are
not back please do not read into this
any more of them and just taking the cat
through this I know a lot of you be
freaking out being like they're making a
return they're not doing but it is nice
to see him I forgot how much attention
this cat gets everyone's like what's
wrong with it it's got no neck it's got
no ears I'm like my phone is just fart
and - yeah he has no ears I know I just
said like five minutes ago that yeah
I've missed you and you're dead cute and
all that but oh my gosh I have not
missed the hair coming off look at it
I'm absolutely weird in his hair you
enjoying chilling take some bored
because it's been longer than we been
throwing up that they need to do some
tests
and I tell you what while you're in
there I hope they shave you because look
how much hair is on me so like I said
we're gonna leave him there for two
hours you're gonna do the blood do the
test and we're gonna find out if there's
anything wrong with him I really hope
there isn't I love him to pieces even
though I might not see it he's still a
little boy I think I'm right in saying
that that vehicle right there belongs to
the one and only
may you Tyson Fury Allison Kyle I have
dis Allison Cal told me that he trained
in this gym nearly every single day and
he drives a camouflage liner over its
gentleman out of everything you see in
this car park that is definitely a
camouflage I mean what what camouflage
is Land Rover I can't see it you know
I'm not like no major fun boy over I'd
like to meet him because apparently he's
so damn tall that I just would like to
be like take a photo and be like yep
you're big hi my name is Tom and I'm
basically a cat I eat and sleep all day
I'm covered in hair
yeah the entire time I was talking to
that vet all she was staring at was this
on my lip because it's like you know
what to cover my cord so it's almost
gone if I keep putting these on
overnight just gonna like help it heal
and she was just looking at me like
rather than looking at me nice she was
like that the entire time right yep yep
yep I was like I can tell you're almost
off a go to the office play at her own
skate for a few hours go pick up guns
Berrien I hope everything's okay but
that was a sweet 120 pounds so Wow
now let's make him bank all right never
done for a thought I got myself a big
package but it's not for me it's for me
neighbor saw look after it okay so no
time on runescape you can kill monsters
and when you kill monsters they can drop
these things called clues scrolls you
follow all the steps of cruel screw
cruel scroll
clue scroll and it leads you to a chest
and when you get said chest you can open
it and get yourself some loot so get
ready bang this is what I got as my
first ever clues go drop I'm not even
joking this is the first ever clue
scroll I've done on runescape and it was
worth a hundred and twelve thousand
coins not sure if good not sure if bad
but whatever myself another chest let's
open it up what I get what I get well
again
got it Oh
you know now I'm not so good this 2000
coins whoo hey I've been sucky right for
the past half an hour like you know what
if you like that productive today don't
everything all right what else am I
supposed to be doing like well I'm sure
there's something I'm missing and all of
a sudden within that five minutes are
thinking that there was a knock at my
door and the neighbor came and collected
the package that I accepted I was like
that's it that's what I meant to do so I
was like brilliant I've done what I need
to do for the day I could play IRA so
I've just been sat there chilling 10-15
minutes goes by all of a sudden I just
get a phone call at the moment my phone
started ringing and I was like I forgot
the cat the vet I was supposed to pick
him up at five o'clock I rang them at
five o'clock can you like yeah we need a
bit more time with him so give him a bit
more time so they said come and pick him
up at half-past it's now four to seven
it just rang me being like hey and I
just went yeah you don't even need to
tell me yeah I forgot I'm sorry I'm
running late and I was like I know you
must be like wow you forgot about your
cat and I it's not mine anymore it
belongs to someone else so yeah kind of
gone either way
poor little bugger I truly forgot about
him I honestly forgot about him he's
gonna be staying with me for a few days
so you're gonna see a few videos
containing cats and contain yourselves
because he's not moving back in it's
temporary
you ready to come spend some time with
me look at him he's like I gotta go back
inside now I got some lighter food to
feed him over the next few days whilst
he's staying with me
I'll give him some medicine through a
little tube if and hopefully he gets
better
oh great now he's show me his ass he's
got a lot over look at him like he's
never see so but it's got a bandage on
his arm so when I want to take him home
you'll see him looking okay let's go
he's so cute
I have missed them like I do read it I
have missed it but absolute low but I
tell you what I haven't missed the hair
it just it gets everywhere ruined your
clothes you look like an absolute mess
it gets all around your house it's just
everywhere so it starving guards beers
magical adventure you've been to the
vets and now you're fixed up I take a
cat omelet please cat omelette
I have pussy listen Kat I'm not actually
gonna cook here but you you are looking
kind of fuzzy you all right there mate
like you went cinnamon it's been on some
drugs to just like keep him calm you
know sedate him but it's kind of in
funky side effects and him like he's got
one eye opening and the other one isn't
but where's literally just said wait
there I've got something for you
and I don't know what I mean well is it
oh is it your uh is it situated
invitation Oh already get it my phone
hey I've already before now it's a
fridge magnet yes the boy okay
oh he's like where the hell am i right
now maybe cuz you can throw up anywhere
poo anywhere because you're not feeling
well you're in confinement in the
bathroom it's only for a short time
until your medicine kicks in and then
you won't comes home okay oh he loves
life you think this is great oh who is a
little brave soldier bloody hell that
looks tight here we go it's off and if
you don't like the looking good look
away cause oh gods be what the heck
happened to you
you look like you've been butchered is
now geez Louise yes you are
oh my gosh ten times better earlier he's
acting like so lethargic but he's been
on like an IV drip so he's got like all
these nutrients and everything like that
and fluids back in his body still I hope
he can keep some food down we've got
some new food and they'll be nice and
rain for when your mom comes back off
holiday for now you're stuck in this
prison okay so I'm sorry mate but it's
just the way it is right Oh pastures in
duck paper
we're often entirely black with a child
called great t-shirt Wow all the colors
of the bloody rainbow even wearing like
black shoes as well so I am very much
expecting people to know how to be like
oh my gosh have you been to a funeral
and the answer is gonna be I might as
well been because my dress sense is dead
listen it's not my fault okay I put all
my clothes in the washing for some
reason can't find them I send it off and
it's I haven't got it back yet so I
think all my clothes have been stolen
well you're burning in here
oh by a already drunk Alice has been
collected yeah right
Arden I'm deadly serious and it says
Alice has got me an orange juice and
vodka I know I like really don't drink
it lovely actually
absolutely it's not saying too good in
it I really cannot be bothered with a
hangover so I'm gonna be smart and we
have a good night
he's social and drink but I'm not
getting white girl look you're joined
with Tom well something's just let's not
leave oh oh no now we're are people in
my new girlfriend I have no idea where I
care about this but my two best Meg's
always like brag right yeah we've got
snapchat streak of light 355 days Chloe
here has got 846 that's a lot of nudes
to Center to oranges and vodkas deep I
can report that I'm feeling okay don't
feel drunk yet I know how this looks
like she's going to think of oh I'm not
gonna tell you this entire group but one
of them's an undercover police officer
how thick is up who could it be
out of everybody here who could it be no
job and I say this right now I might be
going doing a ride-along soon so oh yeah
did you know I was out drinking tonight
did you know is that drinking it's my
brother brother
this is not Carl this is almost like a
family reunion
little brother how you do it you have
Karl buys next I'm sure that well the
first night I come out drinking bump
into this legend it is like yo olive
always wait watch that look every single
red borrow that where's my finger these
red bars means he's watched every make
you watch it all the way to the end look
even I don't want to YouTube videos to
the end your mind got an invite today to
go to a cricket match come Co because
the cat was what did you try to do tie
your laces mate he tried to park your
onto the wall but then realize he was
falling so he tried to go up a hanging
basket and then fell down mate you took
out those can hetero with you oh oh I
didn't know that I saw this try first
twice I don't know you but oh I love
these mmm nice rims nice rims mate back
nice rims oh my god nasty come on give
her a rev snap poeple and crap what is
it pop snap what's the rice crispy thing
snap crackle pop yeah well that sounds
like drugs not as crispy sure yeah not
sure how this happened but I ended up on
a bike and then cut to the clip where I
crash it no seriously good first night
really nice night in the pub don't
usually go out in the Queen night I met
the landlord tonight for the first time
and his wife absolutely lovely people
and I can't wait to go out and his car
he's got 1200 brake horsepower car oh my
god cannot wait friend
Callie's army I'm in the woods all right
because Collies I'm 8o where we do be
guys 7yo so drinking I think he's gonna
throw how much you rather sober you I
thought you're right really seven hours
yes worse
hey guys welcome to your thumbnail first
night out drinking my brother is my
brother from another favorite no it's
not really like friendship must be now
right Sullivan Alice can you please
describe modern cars relations what are
you doing you missed
Wow can we do that take yeah so kicks
ball right make your own goodbye ever
make my own goodbye as if it was your
channel now as if this was your chance I
good bye guys thank you so much for the
love you so much
subscribe okay bro maybe let's go go
nobody I mean you watch the flog
because I know what you live a new
girlfriend yeah yeah hi Minnie that was
all that was all Kyle here's a peace
offering it's a true bro oh no what that
was a good night I've had fun I've had a
lot
I bumped into so many local people in my
area who I've seen thousands of times
and then they've come over to me and be
like oh yeah watch your videos are watch
this or watch that I was like what in
the fudge I never had a single clue that
these people even knew of me like my
name like Totten let alone knew me
through my youtube videos so what a nice
seriously I can't wait to go in that
guy's car like I'm well excited Simon
owns the pub and he's like wife was
super awesome tell me about a traveling
missed off and he was like dead stoked
about
and then the night just panned out the
way it did everyone else who drank so
much alcohol just ended up blacking out
and couldn't handle it so they had to go
home and every dance was like right the
bars closed time to go and that's what
I'm doing so the bars closed I'm walking
home I've had a great night and I'm
looking forward to going inside I'm
playing runescape like it's the saddest
thing in the goddamn world I'm saying
that right now because I've been on a
night out rather than passing out with
the kebab in my face I'm going home and
passing out playing runescape but you
know what I'm happy with that decision
I've had a good night I'm gonna wake up
fresh tomorrow
and I'm gonna get those XP grinds in
tonight take five subscribe ding dong
that Bell liked that video
