damn son look at those things looking
nice and shining like they're brand new
it's super late in the day right now
it's currently 4 o'clock so it's kind of
kind of late boy should make a
difference because a parent this one
goes down pretty late today so we're
going to a rooftop bar kicking back
getting some drinks and showing out his
friends that uber drivers ship is the
coolest super drive ever had he's picked
me up like six different times super
cool dude like picks him up for my
fireman he knows like all about my life
he knows what I'm up to all that stuff
absolutely any watches of like so shift
if you're watching this you're a home
well you know we spent all day Pokemon
hunting turns over Margaery and kick
back and order some food and enjoy some
fucking good weather and so not so not
looking forward to go back to UK right
now well this is much better we got
upgraded from the little spares to the
full side table yeah oh we're joined
with rookie and masseur mr. Berg lads
mr. Barnard over here ok so all I would
advise is just put it on the sunburn
areas not anywhere else and try and get
sunburned on the non somber errors and
what after we do at Foot Locker I get
kicked out for videotaping just woman
who is like prepping he got kicked out
the vlogging dude she was prepping the
mannequin and it looked like she was
like giving Heimlich maneuver
and I was like okay this is perfect hey
it's okay you had your first telefax
perience and vlogging this is exactly
that I wanted to be like don't put four
o'clock super late in the afternoon and
it was like probably not going to go
into the pool but I was like no I
definitely I'm doing it I'm doing it got
myself a watermelon refreshing beverage
don't even like watermelon but you know
whatever just go kick back here for more
hours until the Sun Goes Down
and then be super super super super
super somebody come on really
come on line is it getting off come on
oh you have a good walk we literally
just said we're at a swimming pool
having drinks and food and you turn up
without swimming stuff this guy this guy
absolutely everyone at left apart from
myself mini lot
okay that looks like wow that's great
today has been exactly what I wanted to
do come to the pool kick back just enjoy
being in the Sun I'm so sick of being in
my apartment it absolutely was driving
me crazy so it's not just behind about
the hairs turned to potato mode
I want to hope I've got some Sun today
and the one thing I have to question
though is that don't understand why
women wear chokers just don't think I'll
ever understand it it was from the
nighty night is it's made a comeback
y'all need to work out what the fuck is
going on in your lives and explain what
the fuck this is just tell him that
looks hot
it doesn't no you look like a 12 year
old and for the record everyone was
saying that me being mean to you is not
gonna get me a girlfriend she's a
lesbian he's a dick though this is
Brittany she's awesome mr. Roth waffles
if you're watching this I need you to
trance and run tweet at miss Roth
waffles this screenshot right here and
tell him to translate this right now
that you can't spoil it no spoilers
this is exactly where I would spend my
afternoon good times
Giada and good times many good times are
perhaps familiar lost your socks it's
the worst thing right now good times man
this is great
got 660 bar awesome
the group has reunion they go a
restaurant what are you getting trapped
what do you again what are you getting
me and so we got that magic your name
I'm gonna cover the food I'm going that
this really make a salad cool sure no
cilantro scallops
we got crab we got fries you got fries
why why do you strip yo this guy's do
magic shit what is this
this guy's a wizard these guys are what
do people usually film you making okay
you're now on the youtubes you ready you
this is step by step Gordon Ramsay style
bit of pepper pepper pepper
speaking of he's actually sitting over
there burn rooms he's here yeah okay
totally gonna turn off my camera and
turn off the flash to not look
suspicious oh my god I couldn't make
that shot I could not have made that
shit up dude have you made this all
tonight I'm fun buying so much right now
I don't even watch cooking shows that
much but like everyone in England knows
who got robbed we gotta film this guy
though we don't care about him we care
about this guy you're killing it I kill
in the game oh my gosh the game your
speed demon that smells amazing
you guys better eat this otherwise
you're gonna get slayed where you stand
that's a threat okay
oh damn croutons no wait what what was
that that looks pretty good yeah that
looks pretty good but you know it looks
about yeah that's pretty good
E wait what wait look I went to fist
pump you instead you picked up the
entire steak and just took a bite out of
it that's pretty huge yes yes yes
cookies with religious normal is it
where is it soft well you actually let
me do that mini like beforehand come
back so he walks into this restaurant at
night and they held the dogs from one
and these two guys recognized me it
turns out it's actually Hunter's
birthday I'm jarred with Aidan as well
so happy birthday okay so you guys are
beating me already so I'm just gonna go
and continue on my food and I'm gonna
start watching your guys YouTube videos
for a living is that okay alright look
after self pies so next time cuz I'm
like a grown Adil sort of thing I'm now
doing my bedding my bedding
I'm doing I'm normal bedding and making
sure I have somewhere to sleep that I
ate a whole one o'clock in the morning
cuz that's how you become a troll doll
doing it all yourself dad if you want to
fly out to LA I do for me that'd be
great thanks know whatever logic me half
an hour to get my brand new bedding on
because oh my days some reason I did it
the most difficult way possible but oh
my gosh does it feel good to be but
nonetheless ladies and gentleman I look
like a potato I have my derpy ass name
oh by my side and I am going to bed so
thank you very much for watching if you
enjoyed the vlog make sure to click that
like button share it with your friends
and subscribe because I make new daily
vlogs every single day because it's a
daily goddamn block I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. UK time for the next
one so thanks for watching I'll see you
guys soon we're going off to comic-con
and soon which
you're really really cool adventures I'm
going down with Ruby Dee we've got two
parties that we're gonna host that show
that should be going down sweet and then
after Comic Con I'm gonna be going back
to the UK for about three or four months
so are you excited ears is like oh yeah
