it is an absolutely stunning day outside
Tom don't miss it just go outside
dancers no not doing it
nope nope it's currently nearly 10:30 in
the morning and I pretty much went to
bed at 7 a.m. so I'm still really tired
however I got woke up by deliveryman
again and so already I've said this
right now I know who this is wrong not
because I was expecting anything all the
fact that my wizard but little due to
the fact that it says Activision oh my
gosh haha
fragile I'm not too sure who Activision
is seeing this but whoever is thank you
so much you're a legend I am so excited
to open this up so this should be at
college U is on these voyage of despair
poster take two I'm so delicately open
this up it's a real I just don't wanna
damage it cuz I'm going to put it in a
frame fingers crossed
let's move this money out of the way
have I got a completely non damaged
version Hey no seriously whoever at
college is watching this thank you so
much hi Tom sorry a voyage of despair
poster was bad Junior shipping process
we heard you wait to frame it so here's
another one sincerely the ecology team
Oh perfectly straight not bad in this
light is perfect again whoever my
guardian angel is ecology we thank you
so much for this I really really
appreciate it
so I'm gonna place this one down here
looking all brand new and ready for a
frame and then this one which
unfortunately has a kinked damage in it
we could be able to do a giveaway with
it guys so if if we fancy it I don't
know like I do a raffle on Twitter we
could do something like amend a little
charity thing for it still months away
from black ops 4 and the zombie height
is already so real so if you guys think
we should give this one away I'll try
and find out like if I can like maybe
lay something on it and get the creases
out a bit more now I'll try and do boy
do you guys think we should give that
poster way to one looking
winner who's watching this video then
make sure you leave a like creme will
come up with a way to do it so then that
way we can pick a fair winner and then I
have to ask the question should I sign
it or not I know they'll be like
hardcore zombie people here or doing the
same as me like no don't ruin don't even
do that way if you'd like me to sign it
I could totally do it if you don't want
me to it's for whoever wins it I could
send it you just as it is again
unfortunately I'm sorry about the king
either way you forget your hand on a
poster that not everyone's gonna be able
to guess so one last time all of Juhi
Treyarch Activision who whoever is my
Codfather I like that light a lot thank
you
it's Carl this is becoming a really
common occurrence well if they fought
night yep yeah well I swear I'm having a
Groundhog Day
yeah I know but I opened up a switch
class and I stood there naked just
staring at Cowell and he was like dude
this is legit Groundhog Day because I
had another delivery from TRAI and then
I went bucks bag got woke up because you
turned up again bound hug game this is
weird
oh boy a virus bloody must get the door
open
I'd say what Alexa no the one upstairs
went off Alexa I like to play summer
playlist right from Spotify
not exactly what I was going for for
whatever ladies gentlemen
starting this day that was not in rhythm
at all but we're doing it till five
o'clock in the afternoon that's doing
mrs. Bell how good's his song oh shit I
got distracted Oh dance moves with too
impressive a spoke a lot everywhere I
can see you dancing in the reflection of
the fridge yes put away he goes
everybody date seriously feels like a
groundhog day like I've just done the
same thing over and over and over again
this is gonna be the first time in about
two weeks about six pints on my hand you
might be like why you share this
information with this book as you guys
know I've always backed up my hair same
style same same head y'all want the past
25 years of my life so ladies and
gentlemen to the million people who
always ask me John what do you dye your
hair up with it's Toni & Guy styling boy
this is not sponsored I just go through
loads of different ones and this is the
best one pro tip if you want to do it
the way I do it you have to do this you
have to buy a brand new top and then you
have to leave the lid off it for like a
day and you have like what the hell
because the texture of it can be quite
runny so when it dries out a bit goes a
bit firm as we just put your hair up you
got a smaller amount on my fingers I rub
it on it I put it all over my fingers
and all on my hands and then I start at
the back work it forward like this like
so mush it all around so it's all evenly
spread wipe down the sides pull it in
and oh oh my god can I say that Bob did
an absolutely incredible job like
usually go to Bobby what gear could get
spiked or partial before like this but
proper went over the way I want it done
and he proper trimmed everything up nice
and short on the size the buck like
section of it doesn't like stick out too
much it's all the same length across
he's taking out the calf like a little
bit oh god damn god damn oh boy you did
it good distracted watching Hex's new
vlog that I accidentally uploaded my new
vlog to my gaming channel so I'm gonna
take it down and reload it mkbhd I'm
gonna have to pause you right there my
friend because it's currently nearly 8
o'clock I've finally got the vlog
uploaded it's just processing which is
great and I'm gonna go here I've been to
this place before surely ramen is
absolutely gorgeous and I am so damn
hungry so you know what I text
all my mates they've all eaten already
cuz it's late at night I've messaged
Alice and Alice is already preoccupied
because she had a spa and doesn't want
to go to Manchester coz she's all Olli
so because he's no one to go with I'm
going away oh there you go
got myself a victory ball yeah 12 kills
good game tough food I did say I was
going off to this restaurant like hours
ago but I checked online and he says
it's open till like 11 p.m. so because
it's now currently 9 o'clock I'm gonna
drive down there get myself some food it
should be free parking on the streets of
Manchester
hopefully quiets we'll go to park
available and we'll get myself some grub
what the hell is going on whoever set my
house - disco rave appreciate that I
actually have no idea what that means
what it's doing or anything so I'm just
gonna leave that and begin the most
boring journey that I honestly despised
driving down to Manchester is like my
worst nightmare I absolutely hate it but
there's yes where's it's got the great
brother Colin from me but I've eaten
there a bunch of you know all the
restaurants in me it's like going down
to Manchester he's like foreign fresh
and doing something different and yeah
I've been to this place where I'm going
before but I only went once and there's
loads more stuff over a try so I'm gonna
leave those keys thank you we don't roll
on down to shore ooh and get ourselves
some ramen but healthy ramen which is
gonna be nicer looking forward to that
better than a 20 P packet of dust
yeah it's 9 o'clock now should be open
till 11:00 o'clock let's fingers crossed
pray for that I would have taken the
train there because it would've actually
be more convenient get the Train cuz
then that goes straight to the location
where I'm gonna eat and then it get
straight back on it but I don't want to
lost train runs and I own a cast our
muscles our tow car also known as the
tractor help welcome to Manchester
I think that's Chinatown down there
which is the direction I want to be
walking but my car up for free and
there's like six people just doing drugs
I parked up my car and then went to go
and check that I could park there for
the amount of time that what it's 8
o'clock so I can stay there as long as a
one-dog to pay win as I walked over to
the pain display sign it was like six
dudes and I'd go away just doing like
drugs when I say it drugs I mean my
hardcore truth this guy I saw this guy
just injects himself with a needle and
then just go I might pass out on the
ground that was that was a weird
experience like I said welcome to
Manchester
okay yeah so this is Manchester at 9
o'clock at night
we're just gonna go this way take a
right and we should be there and it
should be open so sure Oh Charlotte sure
it sure oh don't let me down that Park
is hella busy at 9 o clock at night but
there we go show room I don't know if
it's bit uh you know what I think I'm
gonna be a table you know it's only a
table for one please wait here to be
seated uh I'm just gonna go in walk
inside how cool is this spot it's so so
dope how many different types arrived to
choose from I'm not gonna add extras
though they're in-house ramen here is
called Tommy don't cook soup so feel
like everyone subpoenas right now I
never just read I'm a go to Manchester
on my own to me I'm always evil with
someone I took a friend's weird okay so
I know what I saw water I said can I
have this and then she was like yeah you
can have that but we've got none of this
okay and then she was like what take
this instead and I was like take one
she's like yeah that's good did you like
that and I was like yeah and then I just
took it so if you were to ask me the
question of Tom why are you eating right
now I have proof but I'm just gonna eat
whether this guy's having because it
wants yet that he looked that happy it
does not look anything like the phone oh
but it still looks tasty she's not like
the photo I've been craving this broth
all day
lovely dish what would I give it out of
10 probably about an 8-foot 413 pound
for if for a coffee and ramen place
overall gets an 8.5 there you go well
that was very nice what are the chef's
behind it I just went swimming just was
like that was very nicely thank you so
much and Jordan it watches my videos he
used to watch the zombies still fuck in
the day it was like oh my god your back
was like oh it's comfortable for some
nice Robin and he agrees that this area
at night isn't exactly the best and it
gets very very sketchy and to watch out
for people selling drugs and doing drugs
apparently some old man got kicked in
the chest yesterday not too sure I
bought I don't think I need contact
because after what I saw when I jumped
out my defender I can probably
understand why Brooks it's because like
in Los Angeles there's so many youtubers
and so many streamers there's so many
people that all the time it's like yo
trying to get together and do something
wrong yeah let's go out and we do
something I'm like the only youtuber
from Manchester even if I were streamers
lived here they'd probably just be
streaming all night and all my friends
like do 9 to 5 job so no one's really
gonna want to go out on a night out or
anything like that but if it's go
drinking just to go out and just do
something it would appear that I've
parked my defender on the row of
whereupon takes drugs like for joking oh
shit there's actually an ambulance where
I saw those people taking drugs and I
don't know what's about to go down but
this guy here seems proper aggravated
and pissed off and he just picked up a
wine bottle from outside of bin he like
he rummaged through the bin pulled out a
wine bottle and he's like storming like
angry over to a massive group of people
so I don't want something
what on earth is going on I literally
told you this is where I saw the people
doing drugs oh my god yo one two three
four five five one ambulance police fun
ambulance all by for another 4x4 I don't
think that guy just walked on the corner
with a glass bottle knows that these
police are a not too sure what's going
on here the loads of people fighting
over there these people beginning
treated there's another dude I told you
what you kidding me I think yeah it's
another ambulance oh my god literally I
park walked to that and I saw people
doing heroin there and there and that
guy that I saw over the bottle looks
like he was going intervening with a
fight or something actually think
someone might have been stabbed I'm just
gonna go so I said today I'm doing to
people if there's anything I can help
with cause it was only one guy there he
said nobody's okay I know they probably
don't need my help the train for it
watch it suffering my assistance yeah
god I did another random night in a life
of to him Oh mate there's there's like
three cop cars down that alleyway as
well three ambulances and three cop cars
what what is that spice stuff what is it
what was a cop there as well holy shit
may I just speaking to this doorman and
he said this is like the sketch is area
Manchester and avoid all costs what love
to have known that before pulling up at
like half 9:00 at night but whatever is
another cop guy here a cop car there and
another one there apparently someone got
stabbed here last night oh my god oh my
god I was just taking my defender a
little drive up them like country roads
and I saw a badger earlier I have just
carried out driving and I found another
bite you oh my god wait I wonder if I
can how did he go wrong oh look at it go
oh it's gonna go oh no way I'm so glad I
got like a bro oh wait doesn't know
where to go it's not just big dragon
with the big eyes who's coming said
hello to me how cute is that look at
wiggle it he's a little ball I'm pretty
sure they're really fast and if I was a
natural dick of a person I'd chase after
it to see how fast it was because I
remember as a kid when I tried to chase
one want they're so fast
Oh why'd you just cruise it on up the
hill that has made my night what a
contrast of places from going to
Manchester where these people doing
heroin and fights kicking off and stuff
like that to then coming to where I live
and there's badgers just walking up the
road
how how it's just another example of how
much I love just adventure going doing
summat different you know like you've
got no one to go with you just want to
do something if you just commit to it
and go and do it man like it's just so
much fun like random shake it up like
obviously if whatever having that police
in the doctor's and everything I like
the ambulance people hopeful everything
planned out well there and it's not a
really serious situation but you know
it's what just how London in just acted
today I could have just sat in home
eating some food and just be chilled for
that would have been it but instead wait
that's our budget like can you pick up
on the passion of how excited him about
the budget like I'm literally stirred I
was that excited that I came in went to
bed and on a good night sleep
Canada's a lot like except got these
black ass lines I call these live stream
lines these are from where staying up to
like six o'clock in the morning and
again for the comments of what's that
big thing on Tom's finger this is a scab
of a burn that's healing so for everyone
telling me I've got like an et finger
it's healing and also for people asking
how my ass is here's an update it's okay
it's a bit sore it's quite a deep cut
actually but alright cuz if I'm a dad
I'm tough you know that said but my mum
put a plaster on my ass so we're maybe
not so tough
but guys thank you very much for
watching I hope you enjoyed today's
video if you're watching this now I've
got a pretty dope video going up on my
main channel today and if you're like
wait a minute thought this was your main
channel now it was any katavasof it was
or is I don't know but either way I have
got an awesome video going up telling
the story of how I hit ten ten million
subscribers on my main gaming channel
twice and if you want to check it out I
think it's a really good video and you
guys might enjoy it and we post in that
light if you're watching this at like 6
p.m.
I mean posting that around like 9 p.m.
10 p.m. and so it's quite a late upload
but it's a really good video I think if
you guys have ever wait to hit the
journey of how I hit 10 million
subscribers went below it hit em below
subscribe
again and then went back below it then
the videos can be going put on the
channel so make sure you go check it out
honestly thank you so much for watching
the vlog like I say you guys can be
doing anything with your time you chose
to click to watch the day in the life of
Tom rather than doing anything else so I
appreciate that if you are new around
here you're watching this on like a TV a
mobile phone and you're not signed in or
someone create YouTube account click
subscribe to turn on new locations by
flicking that dingdong Bell and
hopefully you will get all my video
notifications sent to your face you'll
see a thumbs up button click it lets me
know you enjoy the video and I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish for the
next daily vlog and if I get this
rendered in time uploaded on time this
could be a vlog that was uploaded on
time for the first day this week so
thank you for watching don't forget to
check out the video on the main channel
and maybe live streaming on Twitch as
usual so you better always go and check
I'll see you guys at 6 p.m. issue for
the next daily vlog so much love to your
faces and a sad deep horse
