oh my gosh look at those eyes I
recognize these eyes and these are not
the eyes that I kind of like I'm telling
that right now if you've never seen
these eyes before these are the gaming
live streaming staying up until the
early hours of the morning kind of eyes
you may be like wow Tom it is a
beautiful morning in England look at it
the birds are crowing and making noises
the air seems fresh the Sun must be
rising any second
well not quite because it's five o'clock
in a minute it's what happens when I
stay up all night so like 7 o'clock in
the morning I lose my entire day are you
away but I worry about it not stuff to
do anyway so goodbye bro
scared the living tits out of me why the
heck was that set on oh right and that's
Ben she's completely new to my house it
looks like new that makes me feel great
when she turn the alarm back on she must
have put it on the full set rather than
bedroom set that was a rude awakening
well I got missed calls it was it off 23
hours ago no have you seen this man
through it we got started anyway I'm
gonna start my day with a fresh bowl of
fruit in fibre my dad used to eat when I
was a child and from that point on I
kind of got addicted to it not like you
know alcoholic drug wait just more of oh
this is such a really nice even though
it's got like nuts and raisins in it
it's actually pretty good
I'm still editing the vlog and I've got
like half and I went a to uploaded but
whilst I was wait and I was like you
know what Cal come to the house I wanna
play for night so Cal has raced from
areas to get my ass to play fortnight if
I want I've turned it on buggy screen
and let's go go go here we go
at least is just text Cal say ok no ways
thanks remembering the back of the wire
in the car over the washing machine if
you're playing for numbers it please can
you put the whites in watch you play
just run down the stairs as giddy as a
kid at Christmas because she's allowed
him to play fault night I love it
14 kills
oh my god that's how we do that's how we
don't I hate it man knocked in then you
just peppered now you talk about Alice
there we all are Alice's text eBay yeah
it closed the Alice's when Mary Jo you
guys didn't know about it but I'm
officially moving in with Alice at Cal
brought my suitcase round
I'm not wait but you ruined my think
bait title guess what I'm officially a
month for sober no I'll call god she
would go another beer beer
chug food talk period a bit my damn the
door is open for your Brewster about the
car stop spraying yourself with that
vape ooh what's it called that vanishing
poop spray VI poo come come come
alice is paid tonight cuz we got a win
on fortnight oh yeah that you're on mate
defender assemble and then nice BMW nice
wheels book I think I'm going to go for
a 10 oh no that's tender a chicken of a
hot wait
tandoori lamb chops sword vive lobster
you've been abundant alive reduce my
lobster imagine boyfriend robbed love
you love you she said moving yet you can
come to me with me and I'll build him a
gaming set alright YouTube made of time
for that's a hot plate oh do you know I
didn't ask for what you're gonna ask for
I did ask for no coriander oh please
coriander a little bit of my boys what
they look good these guys are having
like full-bore meals don't even know
what that is and don't want to know but
I'm just having a plate of lamb chops oh
my god she's that Oh mate you nearly
took you off the wall mate you legit
nearly took it off the wall let me see
your leg okay come it's okay take him
down here mock me I had a big a hole in
my ass from the defendant get over
yourself train station hi I wish you the
greatest sister Alma - if you were the
best ball game if you were the best
sister in the world you'd like I'll come
play for my house he's not yours
it clearly prefers me shotgun cock get
in the back come on let's label my game
come on we'll drive you over if you like
come around play one game oh yeah she
just gave you there if you don't do what
I want you to do now you're in trouble
ucomfy back there so going for okay
sorry I didn't come for lunch today I
was in bed okay
say listen man's gonna prove his own ass
all right
whoa-oh
bye Mike
right you can now see why yes you like a
ride majestic dragon if that wasn't on
up there you would look so badass look
at ya the dragon in the flames dragon of
things his food strike Stephen strike
it's been like four more minutes and
Stephen hasn't struck I'm just gonna
leave in because I think he's getting
stage fright leave him alone enjoy your
dinner
brand-new 40-minute video let's see how
long this takes to upload I don't think
I've ever builded a video this big but
you don't like my vlogs like ten minutes
or something like that but let's see how
long a 39 and 25 second video takes to
upload work in three minutes five
minutes two minutes
about to start my college is Amba stream
and this guy shot a jido knows I said
yeah I did some fun up boom yes he did
mate I look like the most aggressive
person that will put dude short I love
it I managed to Beaver record very happy
about that but check this out I sent to
everyone tell me where you're from and
what time it is look at it people from
all over the world but is crazy do my
life shrimp thing and I look at my chart
and I might look into what everyone's
saying and all of a sudden I look at my
mud list and I'm like dude who's that
Mazinger huh what are you doing today
and then Albert it gives subs for days
like literally is given away like 53
subscribers on my channel just gave up
as ingress up so were bazinga
congratulations and welcome to where the
sub 1 welcome my friend right ladies and
gentleman
oh my god sorry I'm gonna need some
glasses
this is way too bright right that is
much better right it's head Rick Dunn we
finished guys this is this is the point
it has officially been a month and one
day if you're watching this on the 2nd
of August it's officially been a month
or a day since I have drank any alcohol
whatsoever you might be like Tom why did
you even do this like you're not an
alcoholic ah Tom yes you are an
alcoholic you need to do it and the
answer is I just wanted to see how it go
obviously I was
doing the training for like the Jowell a
fight book because that never ended up
happening
I could have carried on drinking because
I wanted to try and see what it was like
to eat healthy and be fair and not drink
alcohol I was like right I'm just gonna
do it for a little bit and after the
fight fell through and it wasn't going
ahead I was like let's just do it from
one to see how things go feat see how I
feel I've never done it before the
longest I've ever probably gone without
a drink is like a week you might be like
Tom Danny's size of an alcoholic if the
answer is like definitely 100% agree but
at the same time not really it's social
drinking yeah do out get drunk and then
I go over to me and I'm gonna beer here
or there that sort of stuff bought I've
never got to a point where I'm like I
need to have a drink or I depend on a
drink or something like that but I've
just never gone long and then a week
without having a bit I'm in a cocktail
with a meal or going out having a glass
of champagne and as to why I did it it
was yet obviously the training for the
fight and to stay fit and stay healthy
but I just never done it for that period
of time it was just like it was so nice
to not have a hangover not waste my day
being lay around feeling like shit yeah
instead I could go on a night out have
fun with all my friends wake up feel
fresh start my day feel motivated and
just get shit done I'd say what I really
have to it I've never had such a
productive month of making videos get
the business side of stuff sorted out
really pushing and working on syndicate
original and it's been an epic like I
know the vlogs have been late nearly
every day but that's just because like
I've just been enjoying like doing more
things so I've been more preoccupied so
I apologize always doesn't mean late but
truly I've had a good time I feel so
productive
I feel so healthy my body feels really
good my mind feels really good I may as
well be drinking stuff messed up my
sleep schedule I woke up at like 5 p.m.
today but that's what I get for playing
video games and live-streaming it so I
got no one else to blame but myself but
what are the negatives of not drinking
alcohol for a full month that I'm gonna
tell you this right now it's boring as
tips and to that statement as well I do
not find tits boring it's just a
statement that for some reason falls out
my mouth it seems have it being good for
you mentally it's so kind of annoying
because when people cool with you not
drinking they're like okay I understand
he's not drinking them or offering you
but when you're going out seeing people
in like odd what beer it's my round
you're like no it's okay I'll just get
water and orange juice to like what's
wrong with your life is everything ok if
you think you've fallen apart they think
you're dying if I could have got
recorded on camera the amount of times
my friends were shocked - I tried peer
pressure mean to get a drink have a
drink of a drink of a drink I would be a
very rich man
cuz in my friendship group and in the UK
it seems like it's considered weird to
be like if you're not drinking because
of no health restrictions more at just
out of personal choice because maybe
you're not drinking alcohol for a week a
month or anything like that everyone
takes it upon them
to make it a challenge to try and get
you to drink the amount a Jager bombs I
had bought and put in front of me like
God drink it I'm like no they might have
beers they're putting for me like go on
just have it it was ridiculous oh just
try this drink just try that drink I'm
like no no no no I'm doing completely no
alcohol for a four months and I can tell
you what ladies and gentlemen I did it
so that said it is a brand new month it
is a brand new me it's time to kick it
ladies and gentlemen cheers to your
faces this is one month of not drinking
alcohol I'm probably gonna be pissed off
this in one sip but I haven't missed
that cuz its water
I literally just emptied a full
Budweiser bottle just to put water in it
and spill tea all over my fault cuz it's
like four o'clock in the afternoon I'm
not gonna be your cranks potato with his
hair while wearing a hat phones actually
wore a hat for like the past two weeks
straight and not gel my hair at once but
I'm gonna have to wrap up today's video
guys I know it was like cuz I just I
just I don't know why I was feeling
really lethargic exciting this one
whilst filming that I just ended up
sitting out there for like an hour I had
more than enough time to get the vlog
loaded but I just like it was like this
is great I've got so many sickness and I
just want to sit here all day do I
haven't actually drank alcohol for a
full month I'm definitely glad I did it
I did miss out on like the England game
hype because everyone was like in the
pubs celebrating you know England was
playing everyone was drinking I was
drinking allies had a new house she was
throwing like barbecues for it like it
was like your housewarming stuff and I
wasn't drinking and I felt like I was
missing out there but in the long run it
was worth it I've done the month I can
say it's done but now it's back to
normal so if I'm gonna go out to the pub
I'm gonna be able to drink anyone from
going out with mates I'm gonna have a
drink bought may just tone down the
amount of alcohol I drink on the nights
out so it's to have a good fun so I put
make sure I drink a lot of war if
there's anything that I've taken from
this entire time of a month of no
drinking like I've not I'm not even
drinking like coca-cola lemonade or
anything all I've been drinking these
cups of tea with honey in it and water
and I've been drinking so much water and
if there's anything anything out of this
entire experience of eating healthy food
wise not drinking alcohol or anything
that's been the best for me it's
drinking water every time I felt like I
was hungry I drank water and like that
hunger went away so I wasn't snacking or
anything like yeah I'd have like an
apple or something like that but
drinking more honestly it's been my
saving grace I've been going through
absolutely really is if this
often yes every five seconds I'm going
to the toilet but it just makes your
mind feel fresh you look fresher you
feel good your skin looks good
and I was about to cheers to you but I
never cheers with water but if there's
one challenge you should do don't worry
about your diet don't worry about your
exercise don't worry about 18 is drink
more walks if there's the one thing one
thing this entire time that's made me
feel better it's this so thank you very
much for watching I hope you've enjoyed
this month of just calm non-drinking
shenanigans they will be restarting and
for everybody asking when I go to
insomnia 63 I will indeed be drinking so
you better prepare for an epic night if
you're going there and we be drinking
with you guys we're gonna be prayin hard
yeah your bombs for days the little bit
down descriptions go get yourselves a
ticket if you want to go there good
Isaac's three syndicate for temps out of
your tickets you can thank me later and
I hope to see you guys there so thanks
for bearing with a boring Tom we'll be
going back to drink it and I'm gonna try
and keep on top of it so I don't just
become an absolute mad bastard again but
if there's one thing I'm gonna stay on
top of it's my diet it's so easy for me
to go oh I'm gonna eat this I'll snack
on this I'll snack on that just because
it's like oh I want to try this or I
want to try that or it's so much easy to
inconvenience to eat this piece of shit
food instead like cooking for myself and
going up a way to get good meals as made
me feel so much better as well and I've
like lost weight I need to weigh myself
everyone I've seen I've not even told
but I've been like like working out or
eating half an hour drinking water says
I look better and I just feel better so
I'm gonna go out to a pub now go get a
beer and go get a burger and I'll see
you guys tomorrow in the next vlog all
right so much lift your faces bassanio
and i'll see you guys in sabah bye bye
