good morning gotta go cuz these gates
are BOTS closed so oh shit
I'm not even in gear whoa it's a final
countdown dude off my phone I'm gonna
road now okay gotta go but welcome to a
new dawn it's a new day I need to go get
myself some breakfast I'm not really
sure if it causes breakfast if it's
three o'clock in the afternoon so I'm
gonna go get myself some brunch we're
gonna get Steve some brunch because he's
run out of food to get stuck in the rain
because I'm wearing a t-shirt and shorts
I've just come to pick up my brother to
go get a coffee
I love it to this Legend and then she's
like yeah my brothers are fun
what the heck I was just gonna go get a
coffee from Starbucks it's a food for
Steve and about a ginger today it's like
me angry I mostly just say well you know
being a stalker
what's your come here what well very
nice bro check this one it's so cool oh
cool
Triceratops in it all day all gone you
got you've got to feel how it how its
little Glory's no no how cool does it
like it sons you sick of it apparently
this is a grumpy chameleon this is it
yeah it's gonna go from like two
centimeters to two foot one common thing
because people go well like I see giant
chameleons oh that's so giant he's just
like yeah I've never seen one so excited
to see someone oh good cause when I come
to him like you saw he jumped out and
then he grabs all of my face
oh my god I want this one it's the
highest pine ever since I saw the ones
with the the horns or oh this one feels
gorgeous that's what you expect the
community to like you know how were the
colors Haley can you find the one in
there okay that's good guys
how huge not what do you think do you
like it it tastes like it tastes like
cheese Kate oh yeah go for a coffee
Susan got those like to our cheesecake
coffee who's like let's stop that and
let's just take a look at my gates right
now you weren't supposed to close like
that so I don't forget ready for them to
ping get ready film to ping watch watch
oh wow spectacular
oh nice little trip out that was let's
go and get some bugs to Steve gerecke
coffee and I was like you know what
might as well turn it into a little
coffee room or brother you know what I
feel like I should do that more often
just tell them I'll you know me I love
socializing and I love like spending
time with people so I feel like if I'm
just gonna go get a coffee you know it
is a social thing to do cuz in the UK we
kind of always go for a bit it's go for
a bit chocolate for me let's go for the
pain so as much as I'd love to say go
let's get a bit while I'm driving into
I'm not drinking alcohol and it you know
it's a Sunday at 4 o'clock I don't think
you should do it anyway um yeah just
like hate people look like a what go
grab a coffee
it's like cars and coffee we pump but
that's what like nearly every other
youtuber does so let's not call it that
but let's put the Beast to sleep oh
hello Steve bang oh you do it what have
you been putting your face in it's just
I think you know what I think this is
from eating crickets and when you eat
them when the poo comes out the bum he
gets it on the lips so sorry to say
staple but you have some feces on your
faces ah fellas can have a productive
day today but we've already run into an
issue I need a tissue
but that coffees got me away to your
hyper did I design this house correctly
come up did I design this house
correctly hey sorry did I though this
house correctly thank you
I only just died streaming I'm like
halfway through in an apple and just
waiting for like people to jump in the
stream and like 22 people just subscribe
like simultaneously legends the twitch
hype is real real yeah I couldn't say
not sure how but I got here in one piece
the weather absolutely flipped on us did
purposely put a jacket in there for a
reason but forgot it to watch Mission
Impossible and the Travel Center Oh what
the heck this is deathly not the weather
for that I've been dying to watch the
new mission impossible cause I've heard
it's amazing and it has a 97 percent on
Rotten tomorrow's so annoyingly my local
cinemas doesn't have it on so I'm going
to the Trafford Centre IMAX to go see it
but it started at twenty plus nine and
it's currently 22 minutes past 9 so
hopefully trailers I really don't
understand why people queue there where
you can just come to this machine and
buy their fast and if anyone will ever
like to know who's killing the planet
it's the Odeon look how many tickets
came out you kidding me it's like six
receipts I don't even know if you can
see me right now for the new mission
impossible it was absolutely amazing
like amazing
I give it a ten out of ten thumbs down
thumbs down tada
this place truly makes me glad to be
from Manchester it's amazing it's the
deck of a boat which looks incredible
but then you've gotta like the different
like countries that you'd go to like
like down there there's like Chinatown
over there then you've got all this
different stuff it just it's so cool
from what I was told a millionaire just
decided to build it but then he saw that
but it's just incredible
okay I'm a bomb in the mission I know
I'm never usually a man with a mission
I'm also a man with no hat say okay I'm
getting a haircut Tuesday so back off
all right haters I'm gonna get taken
care of but my mission as a man is to
take care of all this this is just
ridiculous it's too much it's too much
junk this stuff under this bed that I
don't even know what is under this bed
it needs to go I always forget about
this room it's a room that needs taking
care of this wires coming out of the
ceiling not for like an unruly it's just
that room never gets you so we're
putting up there and the reason why we
left it there is because I'm supposed to
be putting units on the back of it I'm
gonna speak to Tom McCallum now I'm
gonna text him right now I'll text him
I'm gonna text all McCallum try and find
the people that he decorated his
furniture bedroom with because it's
absolutely sleek as hell and God just
gonna steal that contact off him get
them to come and do this one right here
cuz if I've ever showed you Tom Collins
bedroom it's gorgeous
get a nice unit put in here which you
can look nice and sleep get rid of all
this stuff take a bunch of this to the
charity shop which will then most likely
lead to you guys not all of you but
people in my local area would remember
when I went to the charity shop and
donated a lotta stuff the next day I
believe a lot of people went into the
store to try and get what I'd given away
I believe it all went the battlefield
stats you like all the old city
confessional clothes like the pillows
everything like all the stuff but I took
to the shop and maybe apart from a few
shoes when so GG to you guys because no
long did you get some pretty cool stuff
I bet you got it really cheap and more
importantly you went to charity shop so
you donate to charity which was an
animal shelter so good cause appreciate
you tomorrow we're taking care of this
okay poke dumb it you know I just don't
do this tomorrow might not be doing this
tomorrow pause that thought maybe not no
no no Tuesday we're doing we're doing
this Tuesday but you've been warned so
soon as I take it all to light not all
of it I know there's Playstations and
stuff there's some of it I'm keeping
sits like like got all that my games on
it stuff I'm keeping it but the stuff
that I'm getting rid of why isn't stuff
like that and any like
all controls are smaller as soon as I
know Ontario shop I'll let you guys know
you can go get dibs on it all right so
you've been warned
I shall tell you when to strike and
don't even get me started on this lot
there's so much stuff I still need to go
through but I can take that to the
charity shop so I'm gonna take that to
the charity shop now so yes this is the
next day by the way yeah different
t-shirt different hair if you've ever
wanted something like a Disney infinity
play box an old Sun stained alarm clock
and a copy of I Love You Man
which by the way is actually really good
film as well as a bag of random pokemon
cards and a shaver and basically it's
like a bag of random stuff I'm gonna be
donating it to charity so you've been
warned that'll be at the shop by the
time it's what goes up as to why the
heck my back door is open I am not too
sure
Shuman got something to do my dad
because there's a banana in a prankster
amy wants to take his sandwich and pop
like super hot chili sauce um which is
something but you know what my dad has
the keys to this house so I don't really
think I want to play me fire cuz he'll
probably burn me down not right there is
my dad's office like it actually is so
the quicker I get on with tidiness or
the better but I've only just realized
something as well I thought it was just
this table of stuff and this stuff under
it but no there's a four boxes for me to
go through which consists of this says
PlayStation games DVDs and bits clothing
and much more so Maroni Maroni not a fan
of starting now a good morning Steve so
I'm just gonna walk away from that an
ignore all costs and thank you guys for
watching I have to tell you right now in
tomorrow's vlog I get woke up at 9:30 in
the morning as you can tell how much
they wait during the daylight hours haha
this was what I was looking for actually
received a package from triac now I'm
not gonna tell you what it is
but it came in this package right here
so tomorrow's vlog you know find out
what it was I'm just saying I'm excited
at the same time is being upset but you
have to find out why tomorrow so I'm
sorry I can't tell you it's a secret I
love you I'll leave you don't forget if
you're watching this right now it's a
Monday so start your week right get it
done make your bed stagger well a 6
o'clock in the evening when you're
watching this so like tomorrow when you
wake up make your bed start your
reproductively and I wish you all the
best of luck so I'm gonna go make sure
you leave that like rating subscribe
I'll see you tomorrow at 6 p.m.
ish for the next day of log and until
then I love you I'll leave you i
completely forgot to remind you guys
that I am deed going to AIESEC III it's
in 24 days 22 hours 32 minutes and 19
seconds so if you want to get yourself
tickets to it use the code I 63
syndicate you get yourself 10% off
tickets you can thank me later
even if you go into the event and you
don't even wanna come and say hi to me
it's still time set off I'm not the only
one going if you scroll through here
look at the list of people who are going
your bike down balls going alpha daisies
going make the list goes all the way
just keep scrolling scrolling scrolling
loads of people there's like I know that
guy loads of people are going so I hope
to see you there if you haven't got you
tickets yet again the link will be down
description I see you there I mean
Olivia Olivia anis arias
