I would have to get out is bed real
quick or whatever timer is wrong because
what that help God block of lines
Rickie's oh my gosh she's going on
outside Sunni and the hall involved with
everything yesterday and today it's
absolutely pissing it down there's no
clouds well there's kind of clouds but
it's blue why is it raining
stop why you be like this
why also shout-out to my gardener
because look at the the neighbor's grass
dead and look at my grass booming yeah
dead got a day you take god it's two
o'clock in the afternoon I've been in
bed all day because I stayed up till 6
a.m. playing video games and
live-streaming game so that no get back
in bed I'm chilling out I'm not waking
up no you can't make me not doing it
don't lose - I'm sleeping good night
yeah this weathers realist is confused
because look at it now look at it now
it's absolutely gorgeous yeah there's a
few clouds in the sky but well what do
you think little Tom what do you have to
say about it apart from absolutely
nothing and in the interest of my new
series if you're wondering about the new
series is is for some reason burning
YouTube figurines that are made out of
like icing with my flamethrower now the
person who made that one actually saw
the video of me saying like oh I should
get like little mini figurines of
youtubers made and then you know flame
throw them all I explode them or shoot
them or something like that like not the
actual people obviously they the mini
figurine icing version of them so it
explodes or melts under they said
they're totally down so I reckon we
should get this going I need the biggest
best submission of youtubers that we
should get turned into a little icing
figurine and then set on fire and then
we'll come up with more and more
creative ways to crush them just a
little bonus feature to put in the vlog
and we might not be the most exciting
thing in the world that's why we can't
keep using the flamethrower again and
again and again but welcome to my new
youtube series that's probably gonna get
banned out to killer YouTube yeah yeah I
can see this being an issue the probably
most annoying thing about this house is
like what am i oh I need a little bit of
money you know to go out to shop and buy
some milk or something I'm like no
that's er Cayman Islands money that's
dollars this is dollars I literally have
no British money lying around
oh wait that's nope nope fuck I did no
that's a Euro cents
sick and by the way everyone yes I'm
aware I look like it was
elf with these is someone tweeted a
picture of me yesterday have been
looking like some big ass butt picture
here yeah well really appreciate guys
thanks make you feel great by myself
this weather is kind of like bipolar
right now one minute flat oh my god I
feel like emotional of raining a next
minute I'm like it's gray this is
actually gorgeous right now it's not
like super hot hot and humid like it was
the other day when I was down in London
bought just tonight Roy it was syllabary
got every boy yes a sirloin parma ham
bottle of water pure DS rejuvenative
could have been drink raw salmon John
Brown toast bread and some milk there we
go boys nice and healthy oh yes an X so
I can make some scrambled egg yes I've
got the vlog render in and over here on
this side I've got some making me an
epic thumbnail for a new video today I
don't even need to look what they're
doing because I can tell the fact that
someone was running away
you had the flamethrower he went the
flamethrower try it
look here he's keen dye and that's why
he's come round alright so yeah so
you've seen the video turn it all the
trigger and then press the red
oh my God look at the gas box of the
bone it's curling it blowed it into the
wind it's a proper windy day look at the
trees you like it so when did you do it
Oh Thomas Thomas where did you do it
you're right we could have got in the
defending you know that's my room but
not as much speed yeah
whoa right this is it short so if you
rabbit won't make that crazy noise okay
so now if I press it
what are they go
nice x-rounder warm and he's like that
I'm good what's wrong with the wall boys
going out for a day defending somebody
your boys south 7mn gum gum gum gum sick
marking the most miserable bastard on
the table but the fantasies cut i'm
seriously missing out eh cheers lads
well I'm not choosing to walk walk we're
so excited tom so exciting that a nice
about a nice about a nice perfect I'm on
that state I forgot a rib eyes from
peppercorn sauce I ain't good spot right
hey I'm well we always end up the lads
we go the same places do the same things
and tonight it was like you like it I
did good oh no picturesque you take your
photo
oh that's he forgets it good tune oh oh
yes right now
oh you puts it on your snapchat for all
you lovely ladies to see just putting
this out here if anyone would like to
die date night if I don't like to date
Rhino how have you been single and he's
been celibate for how many ladies take
your pick yeah God take that picture
I'll see you later Tom's dog what's his
name
max what why does he call you Kevin Oh
Kevin Kevin de Bruyne I love you Kevin
this is how you charge for an expensive
ring
yes I've been sat in this book for
nearly three hours waived his bar too
much I'm gonna call it now I reckon he's
gonna win I don't even know his name
that's how important this boxing match
estimate I've got three twenty quid bets
on that park is gonna win this fight but
I don't know what's goin bro
some little wizard shit has to happen
for me to win the money right now but I
think of what I mean owe him 20 quid and
him 20 quid not very happy about this
dude's wizard chick this is the worst
boxing match I've ever seen in my life
and they call it and I might as well
drank tonight because I spent more money
on bets that in alcohol so you had 20
quid off me and then omelette
oh why should we knock down until a
white to win which 33 to walk I've got
to pound down for 1666 so you wanna eat
it's pretty tall nicely I have just
walked out the pub thinking it's half
past 10:00 I'm like you know it's not
too late I'm gonna go home get my gaming
video I did get it uploaded I've got a
good night's you know my friends I'm not
drunk I'm not gonna have a hungover
tomorrow
this is great but then I got a text
notification on my phone it popped up
said it was midnight so my watch has
been wrong for the last six hours which
has been absolutely great and my night
is completely gone so I'm gonna try and
rush home get this video edit my gaming
audience is majority American anyway so
just go try see how that goes but you
know my vlogging audience most of you
are from the UK so I love you I went to
like the two people who are from like
Uganda and the one guy from like Spain
yeah the guy oh oh what ha ha ha ha I
had no idea did that the guy you made
the Jim Carrey play in he was readily
streaming last night I found his stream
I saw this painting in the background
and I was like that is amazing can I buy
it
so I donated him a hundred dollars and
he said yeah I'll send it me but he's
touching it up for me so like finishing
the pay him putting Dhruva logo that is
so cool
oh my god oh my god let me see the Jim
Carrey one that's good but the Jim
Carrey one and one that one
it looks like markiplier whoa Wow dude
that is incredible that is amazing
I want to buy that get it signed by Jim
Carrey because he's a nice but did you
take much we say boom alright I'm loving
it I'm donating him now right now that
is amazing holy goddamn shit Jim Carrey
is like my idol Jim Carrey is literally
my idol and this guy is made him oh my
gosh just bought myself a Jim Carrey
fainted yeah look eh he's so cute
alright bro you got to change this bro
you're gonna have to turn this
notification off can't see you or Jim ah
snake come on yo I speared Viking thanks
subscribe oh did it we probably number
wait wait wait oh wait oh no I started
recording he went to one thousand of one
oh my god I could fall like an hour ago
oh yeah he's just supporting a creative
section it's pretty funny
pretty good pretty good watch oh yeah
all the sudden I just saw people coming
in as I was I raided last night that's
why how many tons I asked myself and
syndicates responding from his stream
you're not ready you're not rated nope
you're not rated but that community got
us from like 890 followers to to 1060
which is wild is very generous very
generous that Canadians and Tom so
caught me off guard surely I was not
prepared for that many people syndicate
who had something he's going crazy over
the Jim Carrey it's funny to watch that
video my wife oh man she had woken up a
little bit and she says reportages she's
very emotional we were very happy he I
believe of most people have have really
supported this whole art she was a very
proud very grateful that's paying I'll
get back to ya awesome man awesome so
good see you again do i watch the bottle
actually be hanging out with you more
often your name you seem like a pretty
funny dude pretty good call day to hang
out with so funny and not smile and not
smile right there ladies and gentlemen
is why I love streaming don't get wrong
none of this would have been possible
without you guys but I love streaming
because when you guys see me like doing
my vlogs and stuff why it's my life and
I love interacting with people and
everything so that when you see me going
hanging out with friends and family I'm
always laughing at having fun but let
you know when these days when I'm just
sat inside and I'm just streaming doing
like nothing it's so nice to jump on
Twitch and just go through like the
random communities because like I love
creative people like there's so much
artwork in my house from what you guys
have sent in like this bad boy here of
like Steven asou I've got a lion drawing
down here I've got a syndicate like
polygon art piece I've got a artwork
original from Evan Eckerd and I've got
it signed I have so much love and
respect for the talented creative people
because I am truly potato I can't even
draw a stickman let alone like the Jim
Carrey piece but I saw that Jim Carrey
piece when I was live sheep and I was
like I just have to have it and the guy
was totally down and I just really am so
glad I managed to get that footage
downloaded for my twitch to share if you
because I love doing that and you know
just going through twitch looking for
random people just see what they're up
to is there if what they're doing is
entertaining and I can support it by
like donating to him then I'll do it and
the fact that I've never thought about
going through like creative before and
see if tomorrow I still got stuff for
sale I did and like you saw that I
donated about that photo we actually
went through and saw another girl he was
doing incredible incredible water pieces
I'll show you now that's sick donate it
eyes amazing I would draw anything a
little kind are you shitting me
I love supporting creative people
there's literally nothing I love more
than dolla dolla bills y'all
whose amazing don't ever stop creating
ah and she wasn't selling them but I
still donate because I thought they
outward which is so good she was so
tired and I really wanted support as a
stray myself I can't thank you guys
enough that guy went for my 800 to a
thousand followers if you are interested
in our work I'll put his twitch down
below go and give him a follow check him
out I've got to sending my details and
he's gonna shit me the Jim Carrey
painting for what a really nice guy
Russell if you seen this honestly an
absolute pleasure I think it's amazing
that like what you do you know you're
not a sin like your wife supports it and
all that starts to be it's such a major
thing in a relationship it's have like
you know the people around you're loving
what you do in supporting it so you know
all the best that I believe you just had
a child so congratulations my dude so
random look look of it I'm so happy
because when someone tweeted me being
like you know he's he's touching up the
Jim Carrey pain so I jumped Chile stream
and the moment I jumped it he just
happened to be talking about me jumping
into this room so I was like wow so I
couldn't record just to see like what is
a reaction to me to try and put it in
the vlog it's just awesome so dude
Russell you're an absolute legend I love
you I do have to end today's vlog now
guys come at it in as we speak today
awkward but thank you so much for tuning
and if you're in on the live stream
thank you so much once again for
watching and a major thing to everyone
over maybe like the past
you months I've been making these videos
been like hey guys go to twitch sign up
make an account click follow and then
talk in the chat but what I didn't know
is I had a setting on or I didn't enable
I think twitch did and the setting was
new people who signed up and clicked
follow I'll allow to talk for a month
like they had to wait a full month and
then be able to talk but I've changed
your setting now to 10 minutes so if you
sign up like to twitch make an account
click the fall but on my stream you
should now be able to talk within 10
minutes it's just a thing to stop like
BOTS and randoms spam accounts and stuff
like that so if you've ever jumped in my
stream and been like you said make an
account comin up a conversation you to
interact I have not been able to speak
from up well I'm really really sorry
it's changed now so make sure you go to
twitch sign up click that fall button on
my name and when I do streams like this
you'll get a notification email to come
and enjoy it so honestly thank you so
much for your love and support so many
people like like we're following that
guy donate into him like subscribe to
his channel and stuff just you know
helping like someone's community grow
and it's just incredible you guys are
beyond the most amazing lovable
community I've ever been involved in and
to think that we've doing this for 8
years like vlogging for 3 but we've
built this community together it's just
amazing so thank you so much for
watching guys I'm gonna be doing a
little bit streaming today probably bit
a zombies but not too much cuz I'm gonna
go see Mission Impossible but I have to
end today's vlog here thank you for
being you thank you for being awesome
and I'll see you guys tomorrow for the
next day a vlog so make sure you
subscribe this channel guys if you're
not subscribed make youtube channel
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. ish for the next daily vlog so
much love and it's adios
