this is the end this is the end as we
know it and before I tell you any more
details as to why this is the end you
better know what I keep telling you if
you try to take over the world and conk
everything you got to start by making
your bed in the morning and maybe moving
a ball off the side why is this the end
of the world
well it's particularly the end of my
world because you see when you look out
this window everything looks normal
everything looks normal everything I'm
in a minute I'm not a minute what's that
but what am i doing on the razor for oh
it's already taking over my life when
I'm playing on my computer that's right
I've got various kpop mobile this games
already taking off my life and I'm
trying to edit my vlog what I'm about to
livestream when I wake up in the morning
when I'm trying to go to bed I'm just
like Oh hop on for a quick minute now I
don't even have to get out of bed to be
addicted to this thing I should
seriously just delete this off my phone
otherwise you know in the vlogs when I
do absolutely nothing well yeah they're
gonna become a lot more frequent anyway
let's start this day I swear my mum is
an absolute sausage okay nor the fact
that I'm just taking my handbook my mum
text me 20 minutes ago to say she's
arrived and I thought she said she's on
her way and she's been sighted for 20
minutes waiting for me on a scale of 1
to 10 how much you hate me well mum was
actually mad with me understandable shoe
starts at my house for 20 minutes I
didn't know she was there
but yeah couldn't be asked with a
negative attitude of being sat on the
couch to drive around to Alice's house I
was like you know what I'll just go to
Tesco get myself a sandwich and oh my
gosh it is beyond humid in England right
now that a thick layer of cloud hiding
the Sun so it's not even like it's sunny
nice weather
it's just cloudy overcast and hot
there's always she just gave me the
drive-by middle finger begins again kyle
has signed these posters and I need to
sign there if you're a lot worried I'm
pretty sure that you should you showed
all the posters I did but we were
waiting on one more box and this is the
one more box so I go oh no I stay back
there's three more boxes so time to get
shiny wait a minute is but is this the
best friend I believe we're about to be
enemies you're gonna steal my best
friend off me oh good wait just that
sentence on camera what do you say how
you feeling
cuz he's Romeo dude in it oh he's done
now well what's tonight
what's tonight never seen a cat before
oh this dogs from Australia by the way
so it's barking you in Australian accent
okay did I make good on my a what smell
it's okay he's your new best friend he's
okay oh she's well smooth oh the dogs on
edge okay snuck away from making posters
because firewall cuz your boys making a
steak I'm being quiet I don't want them
to notice I'm cooking it but got myself
a sirloin steak but it's seasoned it up
throw it on munch it down and before I
burn the house down
just wondering how long it's gonna be
before someone notices I'm not signing
posters and it can smell state I got
caught oh my gosh bit resumes well I did
put him at that time instead - what what
I got a temper mistake so it done for
that shit do you do be nice
that is like that or that dog looks
absolutely terrified Morrison I really
owe you a smile you know oh god the talk
was to get away what it surprised Cal
still alive I'm dead I'm dead again I've
got two kills you got two kills but I
just managed to be more tactical all
these people here look at that they've
all just subscribe back to back with her
twitch prime look at the chat that I'll
say raffle and if you're wondering why
the same raffle on my live streams when
we hit 115 subscribers in a row so you
see this number here is 250 150 and we
did a giveaway and what was his name was
give him a shout out shout out to jacob
heath he managed to win himself the
first t-shirt because then we're on 230
subscribers in a row everyone's entering
to do another giveaway so let's find
anyone three two one
draw and the winner is didn't choose
erie tianjin cesare tinge is 81 inches
everyone don't everyone's telling us to
look at the mooks apparently it's like a
board moon as some it can even see it
from where right now
hello Blood Moon Moon hello mr. moon
miss moons in the house food has arrived
car came in clutch but Kyle was
literally sweating that last game of
fortnight Grove it's coming
five just would a game and we've hit 500
subscribers a row infectious thank you
for being my favorite subscribe dude
that is mental calories leaving we got
the W we could have got another W never
we didn't manage to make it happen but
everyone say goodbye to Cal and tonight
together we've had a 589 so train game
not live oh my god oh really what you
want to be he wants to be a youtuber
let's make it happen
oh right bro thanks for an awesome night
what kept you sell bro oh no I started
recording we went to 1,000 of what wait
this is like the first time I've ever
had to do this but we have to resize the
subscriber train we're on a thousand
subscribers oh by God or by the way if
you wondered what the hell's going on
here in the back no like why am i
filming why am i watching some random
guy well what you can't see right now
see that painting of Jim Carrey I'm
currently on Twitch going through twitch
and I noticed that this guy was drawing
snakes I was like this is absolutely
epic I became to follow up oh my god I
clicked for like an hour ago but anyway
I saw the picture of Jim Carrey and I
was like dude I absolutely loved it can
I buy it off you
so I bought off the
guy that painted for $100 he's totally
happy to do it he's gonna ship it to me
and then he was like syndicate if you
want I'll do it I'll do a painting if
you bought as of now I've officially
decided that because we've hit and a
thousand sub trained a thousand sub
trained yeah I'm gonna be doing a
giveaway which consists of a syndicate
t-shirt like we usually do I said to cut
hoodie a poster of their selection and a
syndicate response so it's like the
ultimate giveaway bundles so if you've
never been into twitch streams and
you've never been involved in one of the
giveaways if you're not subscribed now
you know it's well worth it the winner
of the t-shirt the hoodie the poster the
wristbands and a snapback Chuck this is
gonna be the biggest twitch stream
giveaway we've ever done he's going to
be I would I'd love to say it's like an
epic drop I just couldn't ride it
doesn't like spinner he just picks them
so you ready in three two one
the winner is thunder JP are you in the
chart congratulations my friend
congratulations you just would yourself
the biggest city coverage it'll give
away we've ever done all the people in
the chart even though they didn't win
and one person would look at everyone
the respect the love the gee-gees
oh by the way this is so emotional for
me except listen to this song in the
background if you know you know yeah
this is the thing six o'clock in the
morning the Sun has come out I've
literally gained from dusk till dawn
was it worth it hell god damn yeah what
an absolutely epic stream I did so much
fun play with cow I had so much fun just
kicking it I had so much fun like
randomly going through twitch donating
to random streamers and I'll tell you
what I am ready for bet it's insanely
bright right now because it's obviously
six o'clock in the morning but look how
dark my room is ignore my bedroom close
this door check it blackout blinds for
the win oh and even if you questioning
this check it out I'm gonna put these
down yeah yeah block out some of that
light then close this door Oh boys we
blacked out we blacked out just like
that you better know I slept like a
ghost apparently that's better I slept
until 2:00
o'clock in the afternoon and I got woke
up by the one and only my granddad
ringing my doorbell again and again and
again and again so pretty good alarm
clocks otherwise I would've woke up from
waste of my entire day Bob there's a
boxing match going on today so I'm glad
I'm awake and I haven't missed it but
guys I know this is one of those vlogs
where it's like you know I streamed all
day because I literally stream for 10
hours yesterday nearly 11 hours so it is
a not a lot of my epicness of action and
traveling don't go out and do the stuff
up because the near the vibe on this
channel is like very flight
family-orientated
even like a community I think it's cool
to bring like some of the twitch
elements into the actual vlog and I know
we spoke about this stuff you know not
just posting like 20 minutes of gameplay
in the vlog I know people don't want
that but you know featuring the reaction
of like me and Cal winning a victory
yeah and that sort of stuff I think
that's kind of cool I think it works on
if you guys were all right with and
that's awesome I did have a few more
moments of like when we were going
around Twix like donates well the
streamers bought I didn't click record
unlike my computer so it was on Twitch
and to try and export it would take
literally like 24 hours trying at the
footage so if I can get it I posted in a
vlog another day cuz we had a lot of fun
just running late going around switch
donating and stuff like that it was like
super cool I'm not gonna like to make a
like a themed mr. beasts art video all
about it but it because it was just it
was just fun to go around donating and I
do it quite often like go around twitch
going RL go on creative and just look
what people are doing like if someone's
doing painting just look at what they're
doing see if they can do a painting for
us it's uh more like you know just
interacting the community and when I did
it last night everyone seemed to
absolutely love it so guys if you're in
the stream last night thank you for the
support you saw how much it means to me
in car light when we can just have fun
and stream and just have a laugh at each
it's just epic we just love having fun
he loves to do it and I can't wait until
he gets his house in a net sorted out
because when he gets his house in the
nets I doubt he's gonna be
live-streaming he's gonna be posting
videos doing whatever it was I don't
know what he's gonna do
we're gonna do a few series together and
collaborations and stuff like that but
then you know like just like let him
like it a little caterpillar and become
a butterfly and fly away
it'll be interested to see what kind of
content you post but I've always wanted
like like a buddy to do YouTube with and
Carly's up buddy so if you're excited
for cards to get posting videos guys
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe as soon as we find out what
his YouTube channel is twitch and all
that's gonna be I'll let you all know
but as far as right now there's no
official ones but don't go subscribe it
or following anyone because it's not
actually Cow pop I will put Kyle's
Twitter
and Instagram down below so if you want
to be look like some of the first people
to follow the biggest next youtuber in
the world then go and do it alright so
I'm gonna go I've got to start my day
now guys so I love you I'll leave your
ass adios and more importantly once
again thank you so much
