dudei it's time to leave the optic house
is big Tamara wait for me to say goodbye
to oh no big t Pisa hops Garland's been
a legend up to Calais thank you very
much hex thank you very much for let me
stay all of you all till next time
stay awesome well I have the best taxi
service this morning hey Shelley Shelley
thanks for the ride to the airport
appreciate it Lex thanks but did it just
did you just get caught is that what it
was I'm totally missing this fucking
flight stuck in fucking traffic it's
like being in LA all over again
this is why I love Lex's mom she gave me
a girl that's a foot
she gave me a great idea of sticking my
phone out now pass the accident let's
get this book in place which location a
quiet no no forget what you just like
okay Lex was not like the line at the
airport is absolutely ridiculous okay
made it through airport security I was
stood in line for about 45 minutes and
then they turn around to me it was like
yeah we're closing this line I was like
I'm boarding in five minutes so they
were like those of you do so I can play
the good part of the plane he got me
straight through security and I've gotta
have some a gate and head to Los Angeles
because if I miss this flight that I'm
gonna be late for the make-a-wish thing
so it's not my fault
security hit oh no oh no it's a wizard
piano right there straight up by some
look of a miracle I managed to get
McDonald's and make it to the plane as
much as up with this legroom
till just light flashing away some woman
back there at the very back I've got a
quick time restraint like when a plane
vanishes the other soon as possible she
doesn't wait that everyone playing to
get
so me being a nice guy I'm swapping
places to the light all the way at the
back just so shouldn't
I also totally hope you could hit
anything I just said them and then I
guess for a switchin cease to get a free
bottle of wine that get about 20 minutes
before we want
engine
like
for now it's now time to go and sit and
shit loads of traffic you have made it
the traffic is already brewing and the
weather actually looks not too bad so it
may be a wimp
moment of truth is there a line for a
taxi I don't even know what taxi rank is
this guy thinks GTA 5 news have you got
down there for these these are good I
gave him a compliment that they're nice
Oakley's they said they're fake you've
had them for four years and they've
never broken
well fuck attack yeah hey what you think
of these ones try these ones on yeah
these are mine
try that ones you can just get really
random gadgets really there's your phone
back I should technically have shit
loads of mail and yes I have like a
month flush two months came back to like
20 letters that's fucking sweet most
likely all bills and a crapload of junk
so through all that and the recycling
it's time to go up to my room and
nothing I'll change they'll be
completely messy from when I last came
back from my last trip and yeah I've
gotta get ready for the make the wish
time yeah are we home boys home sweet
home is actually not that bad like this
is stuff that took out the fridge bar
fridge much less stocked with water beer
and cokes that's great actually only
milk and cereal and I'm set wait Pepsi
yeah had cereal be nice but this is the
stuff that I'd gone off in the house
simply orange the pulp is just flowing
down this naked drink that I completely
forgot about and some nacho cheese and I
think that's probably still in dates all
about 2050 I absolutely didn't leave it
in that bad at the state it looks pretty
nice and clean to be honest so could I
get all my washing done because I
actually I don't think I have
clean clothes gonna wash all the bedding
wash all the clothes lying around wash
all the towels just set everything up
nice and clean for when I return from
New Zealand even though it only be a few
days but it's nice to be back there job
some bad news
can we all please take a second with a
rip in the comments to wish my plan a
very happy yeah yeah I kind of forgot
about the plan and it used to be alive
and now it's just twisted I just
remembered I always get rewarded in
alcohol remember when that guy left his
phone in the car and returned it to and
made that like stupidly dramatic video
because I was drunk as fuck Romania and
they gave you a bottle wine well because
that's what we sort of play and then I
got another bottle of wine so I'm just
gonna keep it as a trophy so she would
make this area my trophy bottle of stuff
this is like one of the most expensive
bottles of champagne I ever bought in my
life so I can stay there that's one
trophy for ring that's the trophy of
regret and now we've got the trophy of
kindly swapping seats and a plane and
that's just death and regret in general
so let's just leave that totally forgot
to show you guys what is in this package
now let's Semin it's like two months ago
I know I just got it bought number them
saw the shoes that I had out in the
Arctic house well guess what she
actually sent me some other ones what
are they actually called hover kicks so
I've got some hover kick fashions which
if I'm right I think if I press this
button ah they change colour which we
already knew it did but these ones are
apparently really look at them they're
so sick I'm definitely gonna find a
reason to wear them for something but
miss Fleming aka Alexis thank you very
much for the shoes I appreciate it so
the box that they came in conveniently
fitted in every single thing I need to
throw away so now I can just carry them
all at once so double thanks Alexis your
convenient little shit just look drawers
of random shit headphones wires wise
wires wine opener suction thing for a
mirror a windscreen sorry clusters
ping-pong balls a razor blades laptop
and a lock just the random share in my
apartment in LA bull eat it waffle look
how shiny these look I've just used this
it's like an oakley cleaning kit come to
like sort of microfiber cloth and this
little pouch
every time you buy is pair or ex FedEx
my morning the shop you get it like you
get free case and you get a free set of
this I've never used it so no look how
frigging shiny look compared to like my
other oakley's look at them these looks
so so doing
shut up and see what it looks like well
yeah I've got loads of them and let see
me like four of a buckets of these so
like I'm gonna be walking around with
the freshest looking Oakley's ever and
whilst we've been gone I've lost all my
white pairs in the UK I believe bought
we've now returned I look like a potato
with his hair but we've now returned
it's about black and gold's all polished
up look how nice those bad boys look I
got this one over here but they're not
the same collection so I'm just like
yeah yeah a peasant's book they look so
nice and clean ready to rock and roll
wash your machines on no sorry
dishwashers on tables gets from
dishwashers wrong wash your machines on
a cease cooling down the building and
I'm getting ready to rock and roll out
of here at 5:50 suppose true children
changed ready to go just waiting for
Hilary to pick me up I just realized
something like I have so much swag lying
around this place that I like I don't
use I don't like open soughing so this
make-a-wish kid I usually like take like
a bag of like syndicate oh gee swag like
the clothing company I usually take a
lot of that stuff with me and black
there you go if you want you can have it
but I just realized like I have an extra
rucksack I do call it rucksack a quiet
rucksack and Lex was arguing me whether
or not I call rocks out because I always
correct myself saying backpack I guess
she wins the argument all right so I've
got a spell of these bags so I'm gonna
hook him up with this bag my recent
recreate that I accidentally got two of
them for some reason and Moe of if'n
mini that raises sent me here in the US
for some reason they also sent me two of
them so I'm going to give that to him as
well so razor thank you for the swag I
am totally stealing it I'm giving it to
someone else
sorry oh how you doing high fives
immediate high fives back with the homie
we're meeting chat Joe ciao ciao
guys how'd you pronounce this name it
goes CH a with the triangle on the top
of it you someone can help you pronounce
that in the comments I'd appreciate it
playing a child right now it just wants
to run through that but we're going up
to Dave & Buster's
that's the one we're going to Dave &
Buster's what what's the what's the guy
call again we're gonna meet up with
Dylan so heading up there right now
where your acne is gonna kick my ass and
every
gave me play fuck look who I'm joining
with Dylan you spent lights and a wish a
wish on me why I mean of Union this is
how we do this Dylan why did you spend a
wish on me okay
mr. tom cassell right here you
pronounced it right okay that's that's
brownie points he is downright genuine
like awesome person who just like vlogs
his life and then plays video games and
just like has a great time with
everything first of all I'm gonna shake
your hand and then I'm gonna say you
could have done anything with this wish
you could have traveled to space or
something like that instead you were to
hang out with me every day he's like oh
I regret it now I'm totally going to
space instead damn it Dylan
so in the first game when we were
looking you beat me by some fluke wizard
accent I don't even know how you did
that well then we just did it staring
into the right place and just pressing
the buttons and I warn you you jelly bro
jelly if you do right concentrate
concentrate you got this all right well
if we're gonna be so in in a minute in a
minute where the media bonus point
you got one 182 in a minute
oh shit new high school I like it yeah
we're all gonna be able to buy like a
rubber ball so that's all your Bible
itself so much why so much
look at my face devastated right you
show me how it's done if you and imagine
if you get three things just give us all
walls okay where's that I am severely
disappointed in you I'm gonna make it
absolutely rain coins or any watch rapid
fire
I'm gonna way I'm just go home in it
once more haha come on let us win
something 37 5 come on it's just
stacking them together you can move it
right there oh we got this bro we're
gonna wait Oh what I want one good she
got it I want to win something that's so
random dance have been waiting like $50
into the machine I got no one can I got
pretty cards
no way I don't even know what that means
but we do alright let's see how hard I
can walk I know I don't understand how
it determines what you got
you eat it harder than me what okay you
just found the best game ever real-life
compute of beer pong what the actual
hell there's a little kid play that this
is so damn cool this is quite possibly
the best game in here like I'm so a
while I'm beasting it right now whoa
wait I should play BIP on my left hand
rather than my right hand it's just sick
I want this in my house how are you
doing Oh your Beast
you beat me I've gotta concentrate oh
I'm a bit ok that was shit terrible
terrible
Gus might even rhyme he was born away
and look you did it in one line the
entire way hey man you are an absolute
champion it's been a pleasure hanging
out with you and you're really really
good at knitting so before we wrap up
we've gotta take all the coins that we
won of this machine to go into the
moment a prize what's the coins that we
got on the card for us to use so what
we're gonna do is with the other cards
that the company gave us we're gonna
throw into this machine and get as many
points possible yeah and we're gonna win
the biggest prize in this building I
swear
Thank You Raymond this
I want all those gods on all accounts
alright so we put like honestly like
$100 into this machine just cuz we had
it on the cat to play with we're gonna
go cash out now and see how much we've
got it was the most expensive thing is
that it visits x-bar
okay hey if we have that many cones I'll
be impressed book I I realized what okay
we definitely didn't get 210,000 no off
the chest
oh no way no way my friend 3642 dude go
and pick whatever you want it is yours
you dare get a minion and I will kick
you to the ground my don't you dare just
because you can't get the Xbox let it go
all right let it go with my ponytail
because you get your own as well all
right just let just just let it go
all right I've abandoned him because
instead of me standing there like
kicking something with him what we're
doing is he's got the 3640 points to
spend on anything and I'm gonna go in
the room and he's gonna bring it back
and surprise me with whatever he brings
back so we were gonna see somewhere that
shit or something really really cool so
I have so much faith in him
all right he's returned your bag you got
that moist up you got a bag all right
you did get the Pikachu okay he bought
he got one smart gift smart Pikachu a
giant pen all right this is good all
right you got a chill pill I like it I
like it the biggest ver glass ever okay
makes sense
is that is that what we got all right
you know what thank you I'll give you a
9 out of 10 that's a really good
combination of stuff I was expecting
like five like silly strings like bouncy
balls pencil erasers and that sorta
stuff but you know I'd give a high five
for that good shot we didn't think this
homicidal Nightwish think ya feel like
I'm signing like the Declaration of
Independence it works okay this is
different the weight distribution is
ridiculous they still I look like I'm
fightin in a whole different language to
my main man and then the worst signature
the history of men that is how it's done
like a box looking straight yes straight
at the camera looks hey Hillary we just
made someone's wish that was that that's
fucking cool so this bomb team work is
an absolute pleasure and thank you for
organizing this I love your patient I
see you again soon
like oh this conversation is do did he
get off on the second floor and by the
time we even got to like the second
floor who's like what do you do I
quickly tried to say as fast I was like
I travel the world and fill my life you
know it's pretty much what I do he was
like oh cool so why you little I was
like I've got a hope in hell I've got a
hope in the UK I'm going to New Zealand
in two days and I said that all the door
was closing and then I was just it so
then I fuckin vanished
yeah but I have the most Awkward awful
cough right now it's absolutely driving
me insane
I need some medicine for it but I don't
think I'm gonna stay up and do anything
I'm gonna watch the new Game of Thrones
episode and go to bed so thank you much
for watching actually I need to put the
dryer on but thank you very much
watching guys you've all been awesome if
you did enjoy today's vlog click that
like button subscribe and I'll see you
tomorrow for the next vlog and yeah
honestly let me just say it really does
blow my mind that I can have the impact
from like one playing video games the
integers vlogging life
two people want to use a wish that they
could do anything
well they literally can do anything they
want and they use that wish on me and
just to hang out for the day not go and
do anything crazy just just a hangout
kick back playing games or you know just
chatting so honestly I thank you I
really really appreciate your guys
support and love and all that sauce
stuff so I love you I'm now for using
might itself because if I left the a/c
on and I will catch you guys tomorrow
go back
