before today's vlog starts lazy
gentlemen it is nearly seven o'clock at
night I know this vlogs late but as you
read here starting soon mean car right
here we're doing a game out live
we're streaming on twitch.tv folks are
syndicate if you want to tune in we're
gonna be playing video games all sorts
stuff all damn night lives if you want
to come watch a link in the description
see you guys that's where we go now for
kind of bad but where we're going a B&B
going on here hopping out the uber and I
don't even know what car this it's I
really don't you wait to London 2018 I'm
pretty sure these are parking tickets
from other countries but yo is 1 by pi
here two three four five six a skyline
GT what's dude these are bad boys you
wait to London go on the boys ladies and
gentlemen we made it to where we're
staying tonight I don't know ever gonna
be in one of these or where we're going
or what we're doing but Alfred over here
is booked as an air B&B for the night I
could honestly probably just go to the
train station take it to our train home
and be there it's gonna be 35 degrees in
London in like the next three hours 35
degrees in London Alfie just said is
everyone got the windows open that's why
oh yeah it's 5 o'clock in the morning
what are we doing awake right now oh hi
there thanks for joining us know he
would do that
silly thank you sir appreciate that
thank you thank you very much
rule 3 wow it's hot in here Wow nice
heartening sweaty on me you got fun in
there what wait who's closer then are we
in the right place
or that she will still here for oh my
god
you busted hello why does it smell like
asshole in here wait where's my birthday
what am i sleeping oh yeah you I get
double bed mr. Boies wait why have you
given the smallest guy the biggest bed
I got foldable pets myself mine's
doubled King Kong in it all right
all the fine girls take your clothes off
the ghost is gonna come here this is a
fire safety hazard if I've ever seen it
there's a padlock on the actual windows
if you try to get out like no it's not
going to say because like the homegrown
Bell thing but if there was a fire I'd
be absolutely screwed absolutely screwed
bought up on the topic of it being like
35 degrees I've got this small fan to
keep me cool so I don't really sleep
well we're like background noise like
that some people love it I hate it I'm
gonna try and get some sleep
maybe a fight maybe like four hours or
something go get like the ten o'clock
train and uh yeah start the next day so
let's do dis all right it wasn't the
worst night's sleep in the world but
I've only had about four hours and the
heat coming from this window is
ridiculous I hear movement outside this
door I don't know that Alfonso Alfred
okay he's awake so I'm gonna get up
shower change go and wake him off
because I can't leave London until he
sends me the footage from yesterday so
ladies and gentlemen welcome to the next
day mhm
that was a trump hi I'm sweaty oh wait
wait I'm not sure what is that for me
yeah oh my god really oh my god Becca
you're the best cheese boys
I should get back dude it's the yeah you
just need to walk around look cause
we're just walking around naked oh I'm
afraid yes why is this a thing you need
to give me other footage cuz I need is
right in sign up for inscape now dude
all the dream about in runescape the
footage it actually looks that camera
was amazing shout out the cameras
probably lent it to all three so
appreciate this room was lovely let's do
a last minute check to make sure I've
got everything okay think so think so
think so
walks are still on the windows it's 33
degrees in London I am ready to rock and
roll ladies and gentlemen thank you very
much for watching you guys I'm going in
trainer for breakfast I'm coming to
breakfast mother carried in it named the
number one links that everyone used to
use in school there was one links that
cut you lose the life is journey enjoy
it
wait what I'm not sure that English and
that makes a lot of sense wait did he
spell it wrong the life is sure and read
enjoy it absolutely gorgeous day in
London right now we found a little
quaint spot to have some breakfast start
your morning with a lovely cup of coffee
don't need one cuz he already got me
wait what did you sell at school
lucozade I used to sell it yeah where
you buy packs real well yeah I used to
buy them at wholesale yeah 23 people at
school seriously that's the kind of
people it's the whole so this is what
hanging around with bloggers it's like
this guy must be like what the hell are
they doing if it's a phone it's like ooh
casual when you were fall one of those
theory why it's almost as good quality
and it's so much more convenient you can
take this into clubs pubs bars
restaurants to be fair that looks so
much better than magic can I stick I
made you nail that thank you so much for
an epic journey I've loved it you're
amazing evolving awesome that way to be
summarized again really really good
crowd of people Houston please my son
thank you very much that was an
absolutely awesome trip with those guys
so it's a dad's really out of glass
can't wait to see how the footage looks
come but I've got a light start begin
the Edit now it got nothing like crazy
spooky happen but nonetheless it was
pretty epic right rather than being
stuck in traffic there I can just walk
outside and go and jump on the train
very very hot sweaty day Manchester cup
on 13 and just like that I'm tying my
shoes
yeah it's seven minutes until my train I
get flavor runescape for two hours it's
train station smells like beer or there
she is the booty the Virgin Pendolino oh
my god
it's got windscreen wipers on it not to
get rid of the rain but to get rid of
the dead amount of flies looking awfully
busy
busy
homuth sweet home hello mother hello
hello burnt crisp Tom who still just sat
over there doing nothing as my house
looking for oh my god
that's a lot of bags juice oh you want
to quit why why we're nearly good guys
buy more posters on the website just
piss homicide so let me tell you all
about what it was like in a heart in
prison are you ready mom's house was
more higher than it
your house was creepier than that entire
prison yes it was wasn't it haughty by
spirit yeah it was to hide and I hate it
somewhat touch me true story I walked
into the room and it was actually the
cell of a kiddy Fiddler's he'd killed
himself in there so apparently I'm tasty
to a pedo ghosts don't know how I feel
about that yeah but then I was like ah
maybe it was a spider web so no it was
proper like sure like that like a finger
moving across my leg so I was like that
was a bit weird and I'm hopefully on
camera it catches I was pooped out I got
so for a fair test I walked back in the
told the guys was a freaked out walk
back out the room came back in looked
for a spider web-like see if United
fallen against the wall I'm someone like
that hardware it was because he was
quite in the center of the room didn't
see anything it stood a bit further back
from it somewhat touched my leg again
and then again it was proper weird and I
really spooked out and I couldn't I
couldn't I was wearing shorts I was like
I couldn't work out what it was
so I was a bit bit spooked and I lived
at mums I had to scramble mum I was that
scared as a kid to come in the room to
check there was nothing under my bunk
bed because I was in bed and all the
stood I have some like screws like
underneath my bed well goosebumps that's
how scared I was no I wasn't I was wide
awake and it did it and I kept hearing
like noises and creeps into my bed heard
this scream I shot my mom and she can't
even like stop being such a wimp
it's nothing under your bed I like just
let you know heard a loud scream
underneath my bed feel like my bats get
murdered thank
reven the blackmont appreciate you well
I goo this entire day whilst it's been
30 degrees like the hottest temperatures
like ever in the UK today and you've
been setting this house that I got a
seatbelt into because you can't
completely too hot and you bet it turned
on in it yeah get in
what you doing so humid outside in it
mom's become a bin lady funneh funneh
funneh funneh funneh funneh funneh
funneh but I don't know I don't know but
I'm Bionic I've done it I've finally
found probably the weirdest but I found
a Manchester B be in the city like 100
of them scattered around the city and
they're all designed by different eyes
so finally one I don't think is a big
definitely looks like a wasp just saying
so anyway I came to this restaurants now
that was looking forward to going to you
for a long time called Manchester house
got inside it there's no a/c it's that
hot I'm going to different restaurant
first for Sean I went to no a/c the
second one you know people have no food
that's a pretty big menu okay bring it
on this is a very uniquely kind of set
menu and I ordered the sea bass starter
it looks quite them got a taste test
why don't you got to shoot me
no books fact I've been a bit harsh to
this place right now because everything
on the menu was like very me does it
just didn't jump out at me but the one
for the main course I'm excited for but
the evidence everything is pickled or I
vinegary like very heavily vinegary it's
just like ah but one proper compliment I
can give it these Tomatoes thank god
they're so good how to make lettuce even
less of an actual think this is chav
lettuce it's basically paper no
literally it just crumpled my paper and
if you're wondering what does chard
lettuce tastes like burnt paper but the
dish itself logs magnificent this is
cucumber
my beam prank right now but I'm T that's
weird
yo that is hella unique absolutely
awesome I'm going man I tried to be open
about going there was a bit like I tell
you are pleasantly surprised
they changed the menu apparently nearly
daily so I'd be interested to go back
and see what they've got bought I
definitely want to know in advance cuz
that was a bit too much pickle for my
liking and that ash cucumber thing that
was weird
I found another bead that definitely
looked like some what looks like a wasp
the Manchester be the symbol that
everyone knows it's a big that is a wast
I was like a wasp that's what I'm saying
right I get that it's a I believe it's
technically called yeah that one but
this to you what does that look like
that looks like a wasp to me yeah a
giant bee should be fatter IV's yeah
fatum not like that looks like it's got
two bodies across but before I get
absolutely destroyed alive here I'm
pretty sure it's a working D right
working B is not what I was looking for
when I went there you go alright so that
apparently is an actual beat it looks
more like a wuss to me but apparently
it's are working me right so we're think
it'll be a big fat mother truckers and
that's what Abby is to me so that is me
that just spooked me out so I'm gonna
take back my statement I've seen it look
like a wasp you know I think you dollars
because I do believe there's actually
different types I'm allergic to wasps
and bees so that was useful for me to
know so next time I see one oh my god so
waspy perhaps we not be I wish
Manchester could have picked like a frog
a Finnish summer just anything to call
around the day but no instead it puts
the one thing that could kill me so talk
about facing your fears but on another
note guys if you're watching this right
now it's currently 641 which means the
vlog wasn't uploaded on time but me and
Kyle are doing a game night live so I'm
gonna be shooting for tonight we're
gonna be streaming whatever what we're
not gonna be pimping out the post to
every 5 seconds so you can relax if you
like it's just gonna be a stream selling
out posters don't worry we go
guess what if you didn't buy a poster
you missed out there do you miss that
 Dale that's my little pine so maybe
we'll do some geoguessr and play
something for tonight if you've got any
other suggestions and stuff like you
want to do in stream I'm gonna be
streaming all night cuz man I've got the
night off is we got no Alice tell you
what to do so there'll be a link down
description to twitch.tv for Justin to
get where I'm gonna be streaming all
damn night so yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
do the sell out plug-in this right now
if you want to be an epic subscriber of
the stream if you have Amazon Prime okay
you can connect your Amazon Prime to
your twitch drive object wait a pop it
up on screen now hiding comment like how
to do it if you load the up guys you can
get basically get a free subscription to
the stream it helps support the stream
and it's basically just a free way to
subscribe to the channel so if you want
to do it we'll give you a shout out on
the stream tonight we appreciate a lot
and we'll see you guys in there
someone's up to your faces everyone
keeps asking when Alfie's videos coming
out of like the actual light well
produced version of them you know the
night vision goes to an in video and I
believe it's coming out tomorrow so as
soon as that's out I'll let you guys
know a link in description but as for
now I'm not too sure so much love and
that's how many times I say goodbye this
make sure you ding that notification
bell
