that community today is gonna be the day
I'm theory that do you know do you know
she'd run off doing odds you gotta tell
you the secret hey all boasters if you
love don't read my house cause I'm gone
hey thank you bye Stephen if I'll ever
see you again I died and use me this
this is not a free ride thank you damn
cricket riding math even burn I'll see
you next week I've got so much other
side okay so today I'm going to London
and me little package I can't tell you
yet why I'm going
it'll probably in the tail to be honest
so you already know boy I'm keeping
anticipation anyway forgot the sandwich
come on sandwich have a nice day now
well you know I forgot shoes well I'm
saying this right now
I put bit moisturizer on my face this
morning like I usually don't just to
feel fresh and nice look at my arm I'm
peeling I don't even know if you can see
it oh you definitely I'll be able to see
that may I'm far but I'd like a dusty
rag oh I wish I knew but one kiss
yeah I get out of it I pay for this ride
I'm almost confident to say that my next
train is the 15 16 to them and used on
platform three no that's wrong because
that's the arrival page okay the patches
London used to I don't see any London's
on there 15:23
onto ok now you didn't here we come got
my pack footage of my mum just so cute
only got 10 minutes there's a train to
get a but you don't want our was going
down to London now I absolutely love it
with the past because I just get to sit
on the train for two hours and over in
school it's great but first things first
stab up skin tomorrow I'm hoping this is
just to how's it being uninterrupted get
to chill out do whatever you want get
your work doing and just relax and you
can get like a first-class ticket like
20 pounds more than a normal ticket you
get free Wi-Fi you get a full table a
charger yeah unlimited drink so if you
were to get absolutely on it you just
bring the beer troll it around and
around and around coffees teas snacks
lunchboxes
I seriously don't but for me it means
two hours of runescape and if you don't
play runescape and trust me you're
missing out if you ever played it as a
kid is as good as it was then
if not better hey beggars looking I've
made it to London did do any something
apart from play runescape but now we're
gonna go meet up with Alfie have to say
I'm gonna go a little bit behind the
train was delayed so hopefully having
mr. taxi Linden here we go oh my gosh
it's like 28 degrees in London right now
so it's absolutely toasty but this place
is so goddamn busy right now I've got an
address of Hammersmith Apollo to go meet
up with Alfie I think I'm running on
time I've got 20 minutes together and
it's gonna take me 19 by train so time
to get on the London Underground at 5:30
at night which means it's gonna be
absolutely formed this is like the peak
busiest time the underground can be so
it's about to be very hot that is
sweating then what on earth is that
Victoria Line southbound Green Park
let's go ditch me filming that clip I
missed the Train
but just like and
like five seconds of video okay that was
not bad
yo that is the hustle there's a busker
then if you don't want busters is to
move like plays music table performs on
the streets and you can give him my
money like change or well either that
busker had a contactless payment option
that is genius gotta respect the hustle
peculiar westbound Hammersmith okay okay
okay this train looked one busy and to
like it's about to be watch me
I actually don't know why I got off
there because I was supposed to get off
at Hammersmith and person that says
Baron school I see what I've got on game
I don't know why I got so distracted
protection elevator I just walked off
the train on the train what and I was
like this doesn't seem right I just need
to get any other train that comes past
because I need to be I'm a Smith which
is two minutes away but the train comes
in six so we wait oh boy that's a busy
train okay it's pretty fuel this is the
right place right one granny smith apple
please okay
I really don't know where I'm going is
there any signs that say like me Apollo
or something like that
I asked that lovely lady behind that
counter she told me to go this way okay
we've made it outside the night Apollo
Apollo a fellow on a map you are here
Hammersmith Apollo wait is that it oh
that's it yeah change of plans
Alfie's running 30 minutes behind so I'm
gonna go into here go into a coaster sit
down with my water and apple hopefully
not get kicked out edit my vlog and
trying get it uploaded don't judge me
you know one who's late tell me without
me this is the most run this might be
the most random thing I've ever done I
told you when we said hey video we're
gonna do something random crazy together
I'll make it happen
yo I don't know if I'm ready for this
hello driver I do make tomboys oh my god
dude hi hi guys I know traveled in first
class on a bus before Alfie can I ask
you a question
and you showing up plug suck it again
what's on the bottom of that book suck
it is that a smelly thing on a plug
socket that you brought yeah right
so Alfie like she's really smelly plug
in sockets and a charcoal shop so I
regret talking share bye now
I am so glad you've got night vision
cameras so sick
I forgot I did swear to God in my video
yesterday okay whereabouts are we right
now where's this we're at memory
services right now check out the whip
this whipped with a hundred and twenty
grand oh my gosh bow boss aside for a
second I'm gonna try and get myself some
grub looks like we have a Waitrose mm
mmm death or finding something healthy
in here okay though it's like a pretty
good shells me I got some meat and I got
some sushi and I also have my potato
hair Roy will return to the metal bus I
have to ask who's the most famous people
you've had on this bus you say bow
though mix yeah the dope ass fun
straight up it's gets cold like an
Oracle van it's like worth 120,000 the
play it sells probably worth a hundred
twenty thousand words I didn't get my
prawn sandwich but I got as a meat
platter to share and the sushis mines
the pistol it was a really really good
show finally got the walk live three
hours after it was supposed to be done
how are you feeling about guns yes
yeah I'm still like I don't know hit me
with that I'm with you by the way if it
was dark right now I think I'd be a bit
spooked out but because it's like the
Sun setting but I just want the nerves
to kick in for me I give you dead notice
if I'm scared I'm gonna be genuinely
serious about actions and and that means
that if I am scared you'll soon be
scared yeah 100 not and if I think
something's fake I'm gonna call you
straight I'm wearing shorts if I hear
myself just fall down the leg oh no that
is but there's something missing the
size of those walls oh yeah that looks
modern as hell but that doesn't oh
there's warning on the front of it I
mean my reaction I'm I'm the least
scared if I'm sure I'll try to wait for
you guys to get out so I can film the
van what couldn't you got these luxury
seats memory foam pillows van more than
anything else in this block Briella
that's all I care about
I don't care about the president Oh care
about ghosts and gentlemen we're going
into an abandoned prison and we're
staying there until the early hours of
the morning that is a big-ass wall right
you guys I'm gonna be looking in a
million ten places if you see anything
creepy through this video screen shot at
me tweet at me at Pro Syndicate because
I want to try and find an actual ghost
for the record I don't believe in ghosts
but I definitely believe in creepy shit
so that's pretty creepy mm-hmm I think
every single person I know who's ever
flown a drone near me or around has
crashed it so good luck Godspeed what'd
I just tell you
well ladies and gentlemen everyone's off
the bus now so I can give you a tour of
the boss check it out we've got memory
foam chairs goes back and forth look at
that absolutely gorgeous got what unrest
on here again I'm supposed to be fixated
on the actual prison I mean like how
epic it is but instead I got distracted
by the boss one TV here another one
there a huge one at the back surround
sound
your boss is absolutely pimping is this
a fridge back here is that a coffee
machine
damn ps4 where ya
there's a goddamn ps4 built into it my
guy all electric blinds let's see this
dog come come come come
this is rip yo I would have made a full
video dedicated just to this boss rather
than go in the prison I'm looking
forward to it but I'm willing for I love
traveling light a lot of trouble on
planes a little film it oh you got
umbrellas on here um the boys are
getting ready they're prepping
themselves they're getting changed
they're getting their cameras ready the
sun's almost gone down and the church is
about to chime and you better know I
came prepared my brand new syndicate
original hoodie not even released yet
I just got raped I left my laptop
opening there Alfie wet on my computer
and banged out two tweets oh it's all
your bitch you're actually doing that
before abouts going to a high don't
expect me to fuck with you now alright
you messed up me you started a wall
before we did this oh thanks plays
everything yeah this doesn't look like
an abundant prisoner just right now this
is gonna turn out wast
so was that flamethrower illegal by the
way I'm under the impression that that
flame flow is legal and Alfie told me
that he didn't buy his specifically
because it might not be legal underneath
other entrance didn't but this looks
pretty NIC I'm not actually that creeps
out anymore this is pretty good preacher
oh there's still a prison funnier
oh that looks kind of spooky actually it
is a full moon oh hell yes stop who's
the dude cause of the prison so this is
where they all operate from and stuff
like that if they do like daytime tours
you get to walk around and check it all
out but uh who's like listen we want to
come and do it but we're only doing if
we can do it at like the midnight hours
so you pulled it off and that's why
we're here okay this is happening now
we're gonna go for a little walk around
now just so we can see it whilst there's
a little bit alive but there's not that
much light left like probably like 10 20
minutes or something and then we're just
getting left in the prison
thanks for the invite Alfie
have you seen Deadpool he's like go to
the biggest guy in the yard and make him
your bitch Alfie come here you're quite
big I'm making my bitchy go you're not
gonna be able to see anything on this
camera so let's rely on the night vision
okay go get back in the van I didn't
give you a film oh my god what's that
sorry is this a medical places radio or
something nope
good but maenette billion surround sound
oh no I'm scared I was getting I was
getting now let's get this one bro I got
lost
okay I know that seems so stupid but
then they actually left the building
without me and I didn't know how to get
out that was my first little panicky
moment I could feel my heart going
should we do what they do in movies and
split up I'm gonna try and just embrace
what we're doing and where we are
I'd rather be in like a loud and like oh
this doesn't scare me they say I'm gonna
like actually take you on and try and
see if we can find something so
oh it's got carpet is quite nice this is
mother dead wait what oh yeah it's
happened I just got the chills
yeah this is some some creepy shit this
is that you were right this is mob of
the dead this is this is preparation for
college exam wait use my I think my
pretty funny don't even messing around
out like seriously I told you I'm taking
this seriously I walked into this room
this self self 11 I've walked into this
cell and I shit you not something grazed
my leg I told the boys we came in here
turned off always said do it again and
something raised my like again just give
me five more years boys I'll be out you
cozy
Tom he said I can do it oh yes no one's
done that I mean it would be a good talk
if I'm not if you fell so no I can tell
it's gonna get damages there's a whole
another one yes so my face isn't
supposed to look creeper like this but
what this is right let me explain
is if you've ever seen my paranormal
activity pop the lasers against the wall
and then they wait for a figure to walk
across the lasers for you to be able to
see so see how it the lasers mill wire I
have a figure walk past it and kind of
point this at a wall in an attempt to
see if a light what's wrong with ya you
scare to beam us I'll hopefully view the
back you bunch of wimps all right will
do
come on mr. ghost come with me come come
come honestly so far I've been taking
this like deadly serious i 100% had
something straight by my leg at first I
thought it could have potentially been a
cobweb but there was no reminiscence of
like cobwebs on my legs
there was no cobwebs like hanging right
in the rest of the room there was
nothing
anyways like a fresh cobweb that was
crossed up like you know from where I
stood and the fact that it did it two
more times that was kind of weird but I
can explain it so paranormal how do you
wait how do you how do you think we're
gonna do in there trying to communicate
wait what wait that dot moving is a
Space Station well that isn't insanely
clear view no cameraman how do you feel
I was coming so far you enjoying
yourself I think it's good I think now
when he goes now
scary
I was talking to him on the way to the
toilet I was that Audie to get something
from the van so what he saw me to ever
Atsuko backgrounds and about a way to
forever after he didn't notice me right
you ready we're about to go in without
the guard this time there's no one
walking around no pranking no nothing
like that
I know ask okay listen he said I could
do it so I did it but I'm not gonna
scare anyone like if anything happens
it's legit okay the choir where I oh no
anyone I'm down because I don't want
something to happen in the neighborhood
know that what are you doing that and I
know so from now in Morgan in come on
come on camera guy get it three two one
ghosts no yeah pretty sure my iPhone's
not gonna be able to see absolutely
anything but if there's anybody here
please
let yourself know if you could knock say
hello whistle anything right okay this
is gonna be my voyage I'm gonna try and
capture some that on camera Bob welcome
to apparently one of the world's most
haunted prisons Alfie are you feeling
good this is the real deal
I feel like this is a video game this is
really oh yeah there's laws of Hobbes
fly-around
watts of Hobbes oh there yeah
Oh stay still there was one flying
around your head stay still no no Stace
there's Hobbes over here please make
yourself known
if there's anyone here we just want to
hear something it was one we're going
ya know and off just came out of that
room going that one a knob going that
one now there was no going that one like
to the taj off if there's anyone in this
cell we're outside please make yourself
known
well we couldn't be more bunched up this
I tell you sometimes one to the left is
the scary one no no no go to the back go
to the back of that room now go to the
back yo there's so many herbs outside
this door I'm not even joking
Oh
that's just creepy that's just seriously
creepy yeah I did hear that why was that
come from
what was it looks crazy your night
vision I'm absolutely loving this yeah
more schedule let's get them what you
thought I go in man I am less scared
than I thought but I think it's because
this so many of us I feel like you know
we're all individually or in two groups
I'd be terrified I think I have safety
in numbers
so I think I've got false area all I'm
saying is
anything could change anything yesterday
I'm not here to try my cake anything or
stuff like that like yesterday there was
so much more activity than this my we
would ask for a tap there would be a tap
straight away we'd ask for a life
today's if all we had anything is like
that bottle you gonna Express I really
hope we find something seriously this is
this ball yes
let's stop this is apparently the most
haunted spot in the entire prison yet
which side is it if you don't stop
turning that's Oh John I'm gonna take
you off the end stop it retainment
they'll ever targe it off
suppose we taking this seriously and oh
that was book walk of the orbs look look
there's loads do you see them yeah my
buddy oh my god there's so many there's
anyone here
please make yourself know this is number
16 it's opt-in here
you just get a shout out it's okay
please make yourself known anything
please can you think it what you do
enough is he chasing crack
oh my fucking god scared the absolute
dick tits of me that sorry brain as you
know forward cargo on a hood that
suddenly sound like it from the door to
the right honestly I think you should go
in room 16 if that's where he said he
saw the guy you should go in room 16
he's gonna do that again so what is a
whistle what's the bird that's not
saying that is squeaking if it's just
then I was like oh did you hear that but
it's nice time I owned you for saying
got us with that click on camera well
honey bees am here yeah it came from
this room but I was thinking if that was
a security sensor which I'd dump it
obviously isn't it sounded like that
coming in on the door you oh my god oh
yeah I can feel that a little bit I can
definitely feel that my nitwit right yo
yeah you should go down to that yeah the
other yeah give me the talking about our
move
you ready in take three are you okay now
that was good
are you itchy skin are you scared
tonight as lies you know joking now
right now yeah you love it and we mean
no harm
so room 60 is apparently the most
haunted room in the entire building the
guy who does security said they saw
someone like six foot two stood in the
doorway and these guys are too scared to
actually go in so don't get good vibes
one like this one cuz it's always been
closed
I just don't get good vibes in here man
I want faster than that absolutely
scared to live in shower very scared
that got you good didn't the wall a what
man's got the good-good easy easy easy
Alfie exposed telling me girlfriend Zoe
Louie is cheating on your 11 this was a
joy like heavy sex offenders this is
where they would go so I got touched by
a ghost he was a sex offender I mean
technically you can only put seriously
together that's believe in spider well
three times though I'm calling a faster
two ghosts I gave it my all I gave you
my everything but nobody to be fair I
definitely felt the touching of the leg
I will say that this has been a very
spooky experience but I feel like I feel
like I'm too comfortable that there's so
many of us yeah but if it was just a one
I don't know I come back by myself but
I'm saying like if I was just up if it
was me and one other person like that
I'd be really spooking me out because
then you play off each of his nerves
how's your experience banoffee
it's been good it's been super creepy
yes it's pretty modern this prison isn't
it hasn't been that much activity yeah
be honest yeah good experience though
glad we did it that camera is it I like
it a lot yeah the scariest thing in
there with a seagulls flying over and
was thinking it was something else
back to the main event the 120 thousand
pound van wait how far are we traveling
we're traveling two and a half hours now
I'm actually made you're excited to know
that we've got two and a half hours by
this luxury fund right now because what
it's amazing because I've got like a
tray table I'm gonna sit and play a
video game for two and half hours which
is exactly what I do I ain't sleeping
this was worth its weight in gold thank
you so much I get to kick it if play
runescape for two and half hours dude
download it now and play with me you
know I can play best gave me on this
ladies thank you so much we appreciate
what you do
thanks for not doom scaring us
appreciate you I swear to God I thought
he was gonna hide somewhere in like that
cell yeah I thought you were gonna be in
that cell at the end and jump our toes I
would have totally done that I'm
actually kind of sad that I promise not
to scare you guys cuz I could have got
you guys I like how we're still awake
that guy for the video said we're gonna
do it in the prisoner
which is it no that's right
okay Starbucks is open and it's all
looking pretty tasty right now okay this
card any of that because that's
unhealthy I so badly want that right now
don't know how much I've been flushed
chicken on a stick
but it does say less than 70 calories
per pack and less than 2% fat
okay maybe I'm going to try chicken on a
stick
what do you reckon I'm gonna say about
this what's your record I'm gonna rate
this out of 10 no chicken on a stick 70
calories less than 2% far yeah James
boys all right to be fair this just feel
like I'm eating plastic it's pretty
tasty it's chicken on a stick get on my
level you've got a wrap I have got
porridge with honey yeah Donald I'm
gonna try my oatmeal rice this is
exactly how you'd expect
oatmeal made with porridge with soya
coconut cream golden linseed red and
wild rice and creepy no quinoa this is
the most unstable shot ever sighs and
what you're in escapes that's gone 60
attacks 60
that's it bro your chocolate come at me
with your runescape account and sweat
what are you doing why are obscure 965
you look so domani on this video is real
end now is now and start tomorrow's
instantly sir
thank you very much absolute pleasure my
brother shoes you've got incredible
vehicle till next time I'm gonna end
this blog here good stuff man good stuff
I know we're all going to the same
destination but this is just for this
vlog but guys I'm gonna end today's vlog
this was absolutely insane I didn't not
know this was gonna pan out the way
there just like it was such a quick
turnaround of why go and do it like a
night of hunting ghosts and it says is
to say like nothing crazy crazy epic
happened I got a bit of an experience
does it make me believe in ghosts
anymore not really heard anything it was
like more of like facing a fear of
spookiness and it panned out awesome
alpha did an incredible job of
organizing this this was like two days
me always to do it so you guys were
going to show alpha soon wolf time thank
you in the comments I'd really
appreciate that I please link down below
it was so much fun and we've said for
the longest time we're gonna get
together and just do random stuff and
that's exactly what we did today so I
hope you all enjoyed it make sure you
leave a like rating I can't thank him
enough I'm gonna love you guys I'm gonna
leave you guys click the subscribe
button if you're new around it
10 on your patient's and I'll see you
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day i
vlog
just love
