oh it's a dude or it's a new day and if
you're gonna try and take over the world
you got to start by making you bed sit
offer each day in paradise today but I
have questions as to you know I own it
howdy TT I own a 1 rover defender who's
is that like I'm not even kidding I
don't know who's that car is I've never
seen it before my life do I have a new
roommate either either away let's
investigate hello no morning Steven fee
fie fo fum
weekend oh but these crooks at the back
door
surely that means my dad
where the hell is he
I have genuine questions but either way
we're gonna start today because you know
alice is like wrapping them packing all
the posters - ha ha well it's got to a
point now where they can't currently
work out of Alice's house because
there's no internet so they can't print
orders they can't do anything so the
basically just can't do the jobs son
taking defender I'm gonna drive right in
there I'm gonna load up the back with
posters bring him to here and all I said
everyone's gonna work from here for the
day that is if my defender starts cuz
I'm pretty sure I left my lights on last
night whoops and if I already had
questions enough about the BMW why is
there to deck chairs out here and a
rubber ducky is there someone in here no
I'm seriously weird right now I have
many questions
let's just calm this AC down real quick
and add to the confusion of what the
hell is going on because Ram there's a
lot of chips outside my house who put
them there
hey you say well first of all it's
defenders but I bring your vehicle to
put your stuff in tubes going here now
no internet for your house no no guys
what we do how many tubes we have let me
see no gym no gun nothing nice hello
that Laura that's it yeah no it was them
outside my house other tubes okay first
of all we need to put the roof of my
convertible cuz it's raining and second
of all hello hello tube delivery hello
yes raining you've got a car with no
roof on them also I have tubes yeah well
I've got time to try and stuck it a
different ways efficiency going in it
goes gum gum gum gum I also have this
question why is this on my sister's
house but what was that ball round to
fight woman woman woman oh no no you
know what shock of a mum I love my job
no just carrying in tubes in the rain if
one of these snaps and you're rolling
down my hill I'm sorry about 50 of you
aren't getting your posters okay not
sure where I've got the called AC on but
are you ready okay let's get Alice's
attention okay maybe that wasn't a fun
beep why have you done this to my house
why have you done this to my house the
first wait what I said my thoughts out
loud I was saying I really want one of
those chocolate chocolate biscuits there
you go all yours enjoy yeah they're the
best loads
empty yeah okay there was room in the
guys without that's it
oh I can building together my dusty-ass
bike Oh they've not seen each other in
ages
how to know when dad's in my house for
crocs trucks
better than socks I'm making dough
Stoppers well just cause if I think the
bread is but that sounds horrible what's
right your seeds exactly not humans mum
you know that I got a flamethrower now
that body joking but like 80 gone wrong
I keep getting a pop-up being like your
disc drive e needs clearing for space
but I don't actually have a disc drive e
it turns out that Windows is randomly
installed it onto my computer and like
created it probably broke my computer I
follow the tutorial it had 24 like
cratons out 24 like writtens no dislikes
to try and remove this drive I followed
all these steps and I'm hoping it's
working
otherwise I broke the Beast all right
moment of truth computer turn back on
opening up this please yes I've now only
got two drives I'd like an extra Drive
that just like grew on my computer it
kept popping up notify me notify no note
would find me so what I was streaming
everyone could hear it going off like
every 10 minutes it was so frustrating
but not anymore
mmm that looks sick you're Alice I said
up to my accent it was all unorganized
mom hey mom disorganized entire house
and look at Alice it's like she runs a
business or something
very very impressed look at all this
just a casual few thousand posters in my
house nice teamwork wait if you
nearly set all the posters out for
people wondering where you're 99 six
foot nine posters are we're getting them
all signed everything so rather than
sending smile and people be lunch not
fair I've not got mine i order my like
within 1 minute of the moon on the
website we're sending them all out at
the exact same time so should all get
them at the same time so here a lot of
posters outdoor we've got all these ones
what we're working on and as you can
tell we've moved the office to my house
just with time beam because I was run
out of space and she didn't know sure
about space
she ran out of internet so I welcome
Alice to the office now let me just jump
in here real quick after yesterday's
walk everyone was like oh my god that's
Tom's new girlfriend that's his girl
he's been keeper on the slide he's
finally showing her off goes the girl
who you've seen in the world being laura
is a family friend
more importantly more is 16 years old so
everyone in the comments was like ah
toms definitely with that that tongs get
in with earth guys I was cringing
reading every single comment and there
was a very large amount of comments that
I was like these are just inappropriate
so if you find yourself not me enough to
comment on my videos congratulations
you've got yourself blocked from ever
comment on my channel ever again you may
have only been joking but something that
I strive
do here is keep you know respect to
women as much as tweeted by jokes about
that as to father I'm very very about
removing anything that's totally
inappropriate or anything like that so I
appreciate people who are flagging
comments like dislike in the most awful
hat so if I bump them now and people
didn't see it well I was going out a way
to actively block people because I get
people's understanding of being like Oh
who's Tom seeing is he dating or who's
that girl we heard laughing in the
background and all that sort of stuff
and for the record I'm not dating
anybody and if I was doing I won't want
to go put her on camera or anything like
that it's more having a relationship and
putting it online stuff what happens
sometimes it's just a community gets a
bit too much involved in it given their
opinion on it of how I should be there
so how I should do that so my life I
don't get it it's like my life I'm
sharing it video and you're entitled to
your opinion and what I should do and
watch what I shouldn't do but sometimes
when it comes down to relationship I
just don't need to hear it I'm not in a
relationship more importantly I'm not in
a relationship in Laura she's 16 years
old and she's basically my nephew I
don't know you're gonna be like wait a
minute doesn't that mean she's a man
accidentally tweeted out yesterday
saying that she was my nephew not my
niece I was soon to realize my mistake
because there 19 million people who
tweet me saying how does that mean she's
a man because I'm pretty sure you mean
nice came for the dinner me so thank you
for let me know that but I hope that
cleared things up Laura's just helping
us out we syndicate region whilst we're
doing all the posters there's a lot of
like mundane sort of jobs that like a
repair if I need doing and doing and
doing the night round I'm a mom and
sister they're doing and when they could
be working on my bigger projects we're
bringing an extra staff to do it for us
but you started helping out today she
may be helping out another day or
anything like that but guys what you do
see in the blog please be respectful I
don't to go to my comments and see
people being rude towards like basically
family so if you do find yourself not be
enough to comment on my videos from now
on all that goes for in the future she
said something that was like a bit
edgier you thought you were funny and I
just thought it was rude the chances are
I just blocked you straight away so take
it as you want I'm just asking you all
to be respectful but either way to
everyone else you've just been super
chill respectful like in the comments
you know like rapport and stuff like
that
really appreciate it guys don't need to
read too much into when there's a girl
in my blog I understand the suspense and
the suspicion and all that but honestly
it's really not needed guys if I was in
a relationship and I want to share
someone like a part of my life with you
then I would do but this morning town
there's nothing that I want to be
sharing with you guys on a relationship
from because there simply isn't but
nonetheless we're clear that all seem a
not in my house that night in Manchester
I'm actually down in which shall Cena
get here in tomorrow's job because Alfie
deyes where she's safe bro are you in
the UK from what you do Wednesday I was
like nothing and yes I am her father and
he said shut up we're filming a video of
my channel it's 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
Gloucester anyway can I get the costume
at 9:30 p.m. on London he says we're
traveling in advance that will turn this
bruh I can't tell you what we're doing
for my response was why just why so down
that's random as I don't love it such
Maura's vlog is gonna be and I'm not
allowed to say well that's it so on the
bombshell guys I'm gonna end today's
books I'm currently just selling a cost
of coffee in London way into me or with
outfit so we're gonna go travel up to
where we're going tonight again I can't
see what we're doing until tomorrow so
if I can online today get the vlog on
time it's gonna be an absolutely
interesting blog to say Louise I don't
know how it's gonna pan out I don't know
if it's gonna go as we intended for it
sure that painless spookley interesting
so if you're excited make sure you like
rate and subscribe if you don't follow
me on Twitter for God's work at Sun Life
suppose some teasers between now and
then about it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next day I love
you I'll leave you
