good morning world day wonderfully
really cover was awesome literally slept
a good amount of time woke up halfway
through the night pretending I was
beating funds again that was great
simply must talk to my sleep making a
cup of tea and Ricky's fast asleep down
here riders are getting ready grams
acting like he's doing something
Ricky's also acting like he's doing
something good
what all right so that's how our day's
gonna continue same all right now he
knows how to working properly but this
has been the first event I ever went to
ten years ago
and I met Ricky for the first time
Graham first time I also met John
another guys just turned up for the
first time I had no idea was it so it's
like a massive reunion so proper glad I
came
it's 10:00 a.m. I finally got the vlog
edited now I've got eight hours to try
and locate an Internet source to get the
vlog up on time ready for you guys which
I just do not think is gonna happen so
if today's vlog was like sorry how to
look up a pair of DC's 101 these look
absolutely fabulous look at was
representing syndicate original inspire
look at this back out people they okay
damn it then that's all I'm saying fuck
your sponsors you're the best company
here give you a more cars as well India
days yeah and more tense everything the
background this is good this is the
finish line absolute shit show mud and
water everywhere
I feel like would you just love it
ourselves up and just roll in it to the
sake of it this field gets better and
better and this guy is a thousand
percent stuck alright since we're on Q's
up here throws the bikes in there and
gets an approach to the top and rides
down out here in the middle of literally
bumfuck nowhere but I bump into people
who watch my videos good start is right
but how would you pronounce this place
is just a what an e so thank you for
coming in the vlog and I'm gonna take
suppose and sign some stuff so let's do
it
hey how you doing
hey sorry I don't worry I'm made to get
oh my gosh look at you you're amazing
and this is Tom but I guess you watched
videos oh there you go tell me you're in
the vlog I love dogs there you go
I'm not even racing and I'm already
covered in yet and there's like one of
the best riders in the world absolutely
smashing it in a bowl well I hope it's
safe but I'll be fun to get on video so
Evo and this is what you look like when
you come down the mountain brilliant
it's just an abscess it's just getting
worse and worse and worse because the
weather luckily he's not raining now but
when it does riperoni pepperoni don't
say we don't do camping in style look at
me
this oh Ken back at it again with a
fry-up
ooh thanks dad love you
thanks dad appreciate that he's far
totally you know it's here the rain is
coming oh no I'm gonna get upset I need
my coat I need my clothes and I need my
onesie immediately borrowed this
off-brand bird these up my dad yeah
here's my outfit for the day there's
yesterday's the Cookie Monster and
here's today's the banana outfit the
banana onesie so I'm ready to rock and
roll
we have a crate of beer stock at the
supplies yeah reading along let's start
this day
the rollercoaster
damn man the hunt for Wi-Fi I mean
signal continues the beverages are
running high and we I don't know of
living a light these swine's on three
the network I've got 3G there I've got
to get all the way up to the very top of
that tree line there to try and find
some signal top of that hill right oh I
got like mmm I still got like five hours
before the video has to be uploaded but
I weren't trying get up as soon as
possible so I don't have to worry about
it later on all right go on that ruin ed
me that's a ballsy ass you look at it
well that was going wrong well I found
some camera man's camera gear here some
SD cards I'm gonna take it down back to
the bomb so what's collect I'm literally
climbing mountains for you guys to find
Wi-Fi
I mean root for G took load this video
yesterday I was just up that road a path
and found some so I'm praying that if I
continue up here I might find it please
because so far I'm pretty damn high up
and I've got no beer left so this is a
depressing walk to find no 4G otherwise
it was by these very rocks yesterday
that I had 4G so I'm going to sit here
and see if I can connect well bollocks
the entire walk up the entire mountain I
had 3G which doesn't work for an Odin
but all this way to hear sat down as
soon as I sat down it said rather than
having 3G I have zero J aka no signal
shit yeah
yes we want yeah oh yeah nice surviving
good man
nice oh we had a crush them up that was
gonna get
this is the place to be hey this is why
I love you thanks to the being my friend
okay I don't have Wi-Fi still but I can
still survive so thank you
right now I've got myself a beer I'm a
happy man oh my god
finally I've inserted this ten one so
let me get this I've been in this temper
like an hour I managed to use this
satellite dish to upload my video
finally it's done it's up this legend
right thank you for letting me using and
Simon I really appreciate and now these
guys well noisy and now sometimes going
crazy and now I'm getting one three
seven made on this so let's do it one
through three seven there's like this is
made like two numbers and we've made it
to fit all of it words cannot express
how fucking thankful I am to this
organisation here honestly down the
mountain biking UK like honestly like
the stress I've gone through you see
I've walked up a mountain I've been to a
cafe I don't even think I've logged at
the cafe because try to upload it there
and he said it's gonna take a thousand
minutes over there I had no signal of
the mountain came to he really said like
20 minutes I was like fuck yeah the
twenty minutes then turned into like two
hours to upload it but this is the
stress I'm fucking going through to make
sure you guys get a daily vlog so honest
to god like I want to see 50,000 like
ratings if you were a part of the
fucking hype train of this event and
also these two girls here these two who
gave me you like your lucozade like I
was like no it's a bit random tomorrow
thanks turns out there were fans that
came they've dropped they've drove three
hours to come visit me so absolute
legends but I can go make sure the vlogs
okay taken care of and especially this
guy oh I love you so much man thank you
so goddamn much Oh Ricky I did it again
what are you doing in your onesie this
is cheating can't be wearing this so
it's now in the weather getting wet
through instead you me instead you're
enjoying yourself in comfort comfy nurse
you bloody bastard you steve-o this is
this is not fair that dad just passed me
a cocktail sausages
going made this field is absolutely
wrecked this guy doing
I'm a finish line
they're nice oh my god you crazy kid so
the guy with the dog earlier was like
Tom I got your present but I've left it
in Ricky's bag and I was like oh my god
blessed tell me ever but I was like okay
interesting gift that you may have left
me didn't see it until Ricky just said
he dropped off at Lee or Jagermeister
best gift ever
thanks bro I appreciate so much I cannot
wait to see you again in Scotland and
thank you very much for driving saying
hello I love you this is how you be
irresponsible 101 we're washing out a
coffee cup so we can put Jager in it and
monster so yeah we great power comes
great responsibility I guess all right
here's how we do it cheers boys thank
you thank you Mary we appreciate the
free monster wait wait for it there you
go
wait oh oh my god I thought you're gonna
do that down anyone
cheers boy to good health and happiness
good luck good luck all right Ricky's
next Ricky that is max wait it's about
right a bit more than everyone else but
okay Ricky start to disappear by yeah
yeah cheers Cheers
get easy :
bring good spirits earn them get it down
here you know supposed to sip it you
supposed to shut it you pussy
come on Ricky what is that what do you
shit Treecko oh we all drunk one each
you what down of a man that we
appreciated that much that within that
drink session we almost rank half the
Jagermeister so thank you once again to
tip to being responsible gram and Ricky
you bad drinker of shots
let's say let me just go find your
vagina next round one coffee cup I'm
Paul Yeager Anna limited supply of
Monster Energy X monster we love your
stuff
they're amazing this is me trying to
pour this right now
Donald ooh and there's a monster
nice
cheers to Scottish weather
and this is why we love Monster Energy
they're hooking us up with it Oh how
many of you are there for us good for
listen we have one Jaeger how many
monsters he's like oh oh that's what I
liked it how much do you need
Riki empty the bag my friend we need
room now that is what I'm talking about
by full monster thank you very much good
sir
enjoy the journey home dad dad dad dad I
brought you a gift
hey Dad gift where's the rest of it go
we ate it is the power of razor will
save our music spirits right now that
Leviathan is gonna wash this shit up I
love it this is all I ever want in life
good music good times and a beer sit
just kick back relax enjoy it could be
better if I was on the beach and it was
sunny but instead it's raining and we're
in the middle of Scotland either way
don't groove a matter on track we're
taking back enjoying life Oh Ricky oh
sorry that's what you just found as a
bottle of Jagermeister aka the devil's
drink Ricky I believe you have two
drinks yes I mean oh my god UK USA
represent oh stop it oh yeah we're gonna
been a solid Oh boys boys you think that
bit of sauce it you got two sausage I
think I know I appreciate that you guys
get to sauce Nolan I get one
nice fine yeah that's yours okay listen
I have at least got 10 cans of Monster
Energy one sausage one piece of ham
guacamole and curly kale that you need
to get though unit that's perfect Kent
Cheers salute so there's a good health
and happiness
I'm good old timey this is a really good
old time sherbet eight cheese all the
crab reunion Graham come here crazy
go fuck yourself the ghost stories of
tonight will be real ken tells a story
Jack an eerie Jackanory Jackanory what I
was checking on it have no idea
tell us a story - what do you stand for
kids good nor from school yeah
the use of you TV program called
Jackanory yeah it's a horror story
attitude no it's okay two stories no we
said horror stories not kids - Ken lets
us down once again
well I'm south here and a call that in a
cold day with a fire that is dead with
Ricky who gets the spirit of motion we
can use blogging off snapchatting is I
don't know what weekend's brain is
bringing the beer so - good health and
happiness this is what we do then
regular downhill it's real no 5 years
time this sport is gonna be absolutely
hewing ly busy and these menu on the 4th
renovate the ginger busted himself
you got me your grain cheers mate to
health and happiness and finding Wi-Fi
in the middle of fucking Scotland well
Dave we're good at what we do and this
is literally thanks to Graham no people
so cheers and laughter the whiskey and
coke look at it is massive well madam
your child
Cheers
get fuck yourself just do this for the
record right now we've run out of
Jameson I pulled all the whiskey that we
had which is Jameson for my dad and a
cop and I took you out to I was like dad
we run out of whiskey he was like he was
that Tom
we didn't I was like dad the bottles
empty there's no more whiskey there's no
more Jameson anyway no Tom go in the rat
& sadko Burton and pull out my whiskey
and my dad just came out with a Kenmore
bottle of whiskey just for himself so
it's like this hit plus whiskey so Ken
you're a fuckin legend mate I'm not
drinking it go fuck yourself I don't
trust to share but Ken this is for you
to this day we are officially adopted
ricky Compton we shall not be no is not
Ricky Johnson we officially adopted to
this day this week
riki Cassell now part of the finest he
is advocate sues officially one of us
totally forgot to end yesterday's vlog
so there it is this ended it's actually
a sunny day today which is great which
freezing cold and I am indeed in the
penguin onesie that's it so yeah I'm
gonna edit this vlog now upload it and
hopefully it goes up on time so thanks
for watching which is ever like rate
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow
