top of the morning to you I have had the
world's worst night's sleep ever
I just feel so tired my sleeves God you
know is completely booked of it from
playing ecology all the time so I tried
to sleep last night I got in bed at like
maybe one o'clock woke up at like 4
o'clock I've been awake since 4:00 a.m.
I tried to sleep as best as I could I
tried calories shape that's right guy
but good I tried cow at all it just
wouldn't work so terrible night sleep
watch don't tell my mom I need my room
cleaning and it's time to go to events
let's do this I couldn't what yeah I
could have walked out of my room
at any moment any moment I've only just
got out of the shower okay
coca-cola no Diet Coke no zero coke no I
am Bru yes alright well that was a noisy
booger that I could hear outside my
hotel this morning you were very hip him
out like let's be honest that was
probably my hotel room that he was
outside on
yeah thanks for that but anyway today
culture to do even though it's not fun
to do it should they improve does it
still taste awful as I remember oh it
does if you just brush your teeth what
bloody lovely area this there's a crane
a flying saucer
and an armadillo no joke well either the
flying saucer or a spaceship that's what
it called that's definitely a crane
actually going on here in Glasgow I
actually quite impressive and then
you've got this like round a mega
impress of it you wouldn't think and
then think insane architecture oh I
wouldn't anyway but then you come here
and you like resonate Scotland oh I've
already bumped into a load of people and
I can say straight up I love scotch
people the Gypsy search of mega Chile's
so is a good side some lads with a
syndicate regional bag walking away over
there what are you doing it can be Alice
will be happy valleys what's that you've
got there that you want me to proton
acceptor hoody from syndicate original
dot-com oh it's an extra let me slide
out into that hoodie thank you now
please like yeah yep thanks mum yep last
one oh wow this is the comfiest hoodie
I've ever worn in my life well I didn't
mess up my hair in this light is there
Scottish people I'm about to 1v1 him
he's gonna win me or him we've been
stood in this back room like for half an
hour doing I'll just keep this on the
record like a chicken now and said he
didn't want to what he did want to lose
so I'm gonna go back to that I went to
my stuntin started like a little bit of
a meet-and-greet which I wasn't supposed
to do because I'm supposed to go on
stage bought because there's a
counter-strike tournament going on
before is it overrun like obviously I'll
that can do like going like twelve
twelve sort of thing that overrun like
crazy I'm because they're overrun we
lost a slot so now trying to work
that okay I'm supposed to be going
through here but I don't know where the
invisible door is there is a door though
sit Oh hurry all right okay I already
try to open the store didn't work oh
hello got some people waiting for us so
like most of people who are waiting for
me now and not here they're over at the
booth I didn't do anything on stage I've
just been set back stage for an hour
no the counter-strike tournament run
over and we lost our slot so so I'm
Bucky let's do this
I don't ever do this to one person event
you ask but everyone's like okay but me
buggy puppy the book I might know this
guy was a shower what you saying I don't
know who that is but okay look I need to
do I know I said I don't do shower
everyone oh yeah you're going in the
blog because you need to get shout out
they brought me like I am brew and just
will disguise them put your wife's at
work who's your birthday present but I
need to shout out bellick is this the
most adorable drawing of Steve I love it
Thank You Bella ah it was about to
happen obviously the mods turned up from
switch so squads roll it up here so do
you wanna he's made so much funner over
the years for me hey mom and look at
that
how sick I was sick all right you
weren't you in a bit
nice with the tan that half of it I've
got the game a tan right now for being
indoors bar that is so good you do here
alrighty then
but Brian I'm down revive me oh hi buy
it oh god that was a crotch shot sorry
hi Brian
how are you doing okay penises Lindsey
day one has been amazing high-five day
one has been incredible great job with
event she's organized everything she's a
star she's B she's amazing Paul you did
great as well
you did good brother make dad proud ear
as we get well done mate des Browne Yeah
right done mate oh gosh oh shit day one
has finished syndicate original booth
looking different hence no branding on
the front because we do technical things
but nonetheless day one done went really
well I was enjoying it I've got let me
like that is the most Skye's thing you
could ever see in your life would you
like a wee wee latte or a big latte
that's amazing a bean burger what the
heck just come out of the SEC there's
the armadillo and Wow look at that sky
absolutely gorgeous made this some
there's some like fancy ass photo to
take care but as usual this camera
doesn't have a wide-angle lens so here's
me I left my old Saint jacket on the
other side of the bloody world and my
top that was gonna wear tonight I also
left on the other side of the world
introducing Brian looking very smart
very sleek I would date you right now I
would offer you - I was gonna say Alice
but Cal will watch this no no no this is
the most organized night you could ever
have we go from the hotel here to the
restaurant there to the show there
Lindsey your blood they smashed it last
don't work out you don't got far to walk
oh no taxi there okay salt pepper
chicken
now the menu salt and salt and chili now
I saw pepper oh so and pepper on chicken
chin chin is really slow sauce on the
table oh yes yes the soy mi California
rule
I haven't got a chopstick so just put
using knife before we use a chopstick to
AMA Hamilton Bryan yeah legend he
ordered salt and pepper chicken for the
set is it good really wait I need I need
a survey no mom yeah oh she's just
eating vegetables oh no no oh no and we
had a nice Chinese meal lovely table I
want to say that that's my group of
people yeah I think I think that's my
group of people you know I'll be team
player
5:09 alice is the only person dressed up
nice all we wanted was some salt pepper
chili and chips and they will go into
the spaceship or the flying saucer or
whatever the colors we're going we're
going into the hydro so Kevin bridges
who I thought was the yeah I thought we
were going to see Micky Flanagan said
that you fired on the take off it like
that it was still fine oh my god yeah
you might need some tissues right there
you go lad there you go the hydro yeah
mmm I'm gum places I didn't know oh yeah
oh come come come come come we can't go
anywhere we gotta wait for Lindsay oh
you look nice thank you sir
how nice is this oh my god so this is
like I think like some sort of VIP suite
or someone bought this is mega nice oh
I'm a huge fan of this oh yeah
it's hipster like it ah she's loving
life this is great guys really having
the most offensive alcoholic moment ever
I don't like that I'm not doing that no
backsies you do the shot all right I'm
not we've got bad kids get it danger we
like to drink me coward
oh it's Lindsay we're not gonna for me
I'm being a pussy
I don't drink patron no no if it was
Jager yes how's your David oh I like
mark he's very stenting we've all got
one drink each that guys do it in
strangles everyone's taken in multiple
drinks I think we're doing it wrong
seriously we're doing this way wrong
even she's double fisting everyone's
triple twisting oh hell yeah this is
epic time in power yeah oh whoa well
this is 13,000 people Jesus okay where
we're going are we here wow this is
we go sit down before you're not serious
see this is insane no he's gonna spit on
them so bad this is mental
look how close we are to the stage oh my
god I can't wait oh I'm going to get hit
so now that I'm just gonna do it right
basically see
if I do from Africa and a film
shamelessly not small so then to stick
together amazing absolutely amazing
Lindsay thank you so much incredible
video sell it out some that many people
holy crap that's a lot of tickets look
at Nick even he agrees so many got dumb
people
Wow good we'll get so depressed
come come if I had flashing lights I'd
have a flashing light strobing work it
work it Brian
you're a bastard you know it on that
catwalk on the catwalk yeah Brian and
today's collection is sponsored by groin
right why am i logging why context I got
a tweet today from the meeting great
yeah a lovely picture so so I vote we
get claims yep you're beautiful
are you okay something is definitely
missing inside you I can replace it pal
I mean pal with you
you're like a much younger fitter
version of pal they believe a lie great
for town or a dislike for terrorizing no
no no no no yeah I actually do not
dislike this video cake ever
you have nasty Brian the nasty at the
amaspy your nasty your nasty waiting
terawatts I do that you are you cried
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa I mean for one
minute and I've been replaced am I
always yours forever get your own he
could be our third yeah you can be a set
she's like oh no I need to get involved
way what keep me home country
to the place oblong mount mama shit tits
on a prank cake nope
oh no she's having a bath she's off on
one she's out of drink she's gone
Lyndsey's God dwells evolved to people
doing yoga family photos people dubbing
this guy I don't even know he's doing
the Superman and wait we should be in
the photo we are we're there I love it
Karl Johnny want scary okey-dokey
karaoke oh come on Joey let's karaoke
mama have you ever slept with barns give
you like what was edited out it comes
karaoke Oh okey have you ever start with
a shout out to the main last she's
organized everything today top last love
you Lindsay she's somewhere under them
curtains right there hidden behind we
love you know alright we're now gonna
try and go to karaoke oh so let's see
how this goes hi-5 karaoke iPod karaoke
I fuck okay yay teamwork teamwork
dreamer that right there oh my god would
you just look at it Bates
it gives shit it just like this agent
casinos your automatic portion of your
chocolates was way too sensitive I was
halfway through taking the food the
toilet started pushing and I got dots of
water pushed into my bowl I will never
get that sensation removed from my brain
so yeah
under
West Virginia Monte Baja
the sky sky voice the voice UK Geordie
messed up he's blowing it great I'm
hoping to expect to find Cal and
Terrorizer in here yeah yes yes yes oh
my god dude the steam coming off this
thing
yes is there a reason why you're hating
on my Pete's eatin skills yeah and I
can't feel my top lip right now smelt
the piece that was that dog that I'd
rather eat Burma lip and eat the pizza
and not wake up tomorrow feel like shit
great I said to pyrin him what was that
we're going getting picture at the
Codfather it's actually called the
Godfather I thought it was a fish shop I
thought it was a fish shop so I said
I'll see you at the Codfather and they
looked to me a bit funny so it kind of
explains why I gave him an address that
doesn't even exist I thought it was a
real place book whatever number wise
have you had a good night yeah I've had
a good night
same again tomorrow okay
no comments if you don't know bad I'm
just gonna end today's vlog right here
right now so if you're watching this
makes you look like red subscribe I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. middle
finger at me I'm gonna knock you out
yeah can't doesn't do bad for your
health
so we'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
the next day vlog virtually name
everyone we met at Scotland it was
insane on day 1 day 2 is still to come
cowards how it goes and we'll just see
how day two goes tomorrow so until then
Byron just blur it okay just do a bit
blur better blow a bit below and I'll
see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. for next
look
yes yeah I'm skiing I rather than us you
guys were sad us no more did you just
fart on me yes you didn't get you farted
on me out before you started on me oh
wait what bye blows ah yeah egg by the
way pirate me and brought me and Brian
to go to bed whatever Cal said just
mumble it see you tomorrow Mike
