another day another dollar
this is about it I just saw some red I
just saw some rain spit from that sky I
do not think I should be walking but for
health for fitness reasons I will do it
if it rains on me I will get soaked my
nips will get moist and this video will
probably get fined on YouTube let's go
away it's strange series of events how
did you get banned off YouTube
I showed my sniffles anyway starting
this new Sunday nice and fresh I'm going
meeting up with Alison care for some
lunch I was up to like 4 o'clock in the
morning last night I got my true
addiction for making YouTube videos back
again I used to make gaming videos like
a ton back in the day I got that into
making videos on a release day for
ecology zombies that I posted 22 videos
in a day 22 that's it imagine if I
uploaded 22 videos this vlog channel day
everyone would be like some of your
mental breakdown he's doing the phousi
sundays my cheat day so where's he's
gonna cook me a healthy pizza
where's how do you cook a healthy pizza
it's less cheese that's it yeah just
hold everything down
I throw bet Parma ham on their
permission but tomorrow I'm gonna come
down here with a flame for us if you
don't watch tomorrow's vlog we're gonna
cook a steak dinner oh maybe not at
dinner is that safe when a said he was
gonna make it healthier I didn't think
it's gonna lies I thought you'd have
some greens on it someone like that you
know for a bit I love green oh my god we
got healthy over scissors that's it oh
that's even better here more yeah that's
balancing it one more healthy pizza
- ready I'm gonna wait suspense sound
yeah it's a special sound black and
white yeah take that some say that song
he's mine he belongs to me
not you your bitch do a fart night but
you don't do you a punk any ginger and
you're friends with him tell him how it
is tell him right now that you're not
offended him anymore
do it do it yeah that meant the same
don't play with fire
lift up Stephen Pete and have a look
what happened to him look he's got boxes
ease I had to express in the video Steve
I'm a huge fan of you but I'm sorry
you're the only mannequin oh yeah he
grew blisters well he's got Watson he's
knob it like disease he does this was
like my dad's pride and joy but then I
used as a target practice turn it on the
gas goes in
have you turned it
I like how Steve's just building in the
background still dick over weight shit
well Oh a postal fight let me say this
look oh this nail oh my god his wall
it's one tango mate enjoy your day
let me fire I got multiplied ste comfy
yeah
it just makes you feel like a badass
tonight it's getting hot in here
coke food with it no no how long they
just to grow
say you're sorry just even say I hate
men why are you betting the other guys
crotch oh poor Steve I'm sorry buddy I
think the gas might be running low a
little bit yeah it's a flamethrower you
don't have to stand that close to it but
throws the flame for you otherwise you
might as well be stood there like
honestly when it's a full canister it
just is well big yeah now it's just like
how much if it was just that that was it
you started us you say we're and you
lost your cool bro the canisters gone do
you even know this is such a
contradiction of things super hot and
the canister is super cold but great got
ice forming on it whoa a little about
say not too sure if you can refill this
or not so that's a no so that cost like
they only sent me ten pounds for the
canister this one cost I believe 21 quid
and I got two of them so it's expensive
to use like in all in all I probably
only used it for about
20 minutes in total like we use of
yesterday and use of today and that
wasn't like a full flavor 20 minutes I
was like pause miss round bars but 20
minutes
maybe I should test it I'll buy another
canister tomorrow and I will test it to
see how long one of these four canisters
lasts for on full flame that's a test
hey for that tonight we play fight over
you know I know you know what I'm not
gonna lie I was thinking of doing that
just because of how intense this this
Hill is yeah which one play for hours go
away stop talk about exercise you did
actually carry me I'm not a win since
the same yeah let's cow let's I'm gonna
put a timer on screen when I say max get
set go you've got a run touch the fence
and then come back here in time and if
we turn it into a competition okay I'm
gonna put a timer it's gonna be from
here to the fence and back across okay
you've got your back foots gotta cross
that when you fall you cross back note
when you follow your process and your
marks get set go
we owe us agree boy ah mmm
months first man time me I'm gonna do it
in the post
I'm gonna do it in edit this is where I
fall one
okay we'll see you as fastest in the
Edit high-five oh wow that's nice oh
inside my office now
three four hours edit in a video and I
know I said like I'm dead back into the
making videos making videos making
videos but I was up to like five ma in
my office making videos I've just done
another fucking five hours in there as
well that I'm like anything outside but
its food time so I'm gonna drive to
Tesco or grab some food cook it up and
then return to the office so just
another day in the life of Tom seriously
a lot of men do not have an appetite
that's why I'm hungry
this is honestly why I usually go to
restaurants cuz you get a selection can
all this does nothing for me Wow
literally just caught the sunset I saw
the last millimeter of it just go down
it's so so beautiful I don't think I
will ever get over a sunset in my life
it's just such an incredible event and
it happens every day not as beautiful as
that of course but oh my god I just pick
myself up some healthy stuff in here got
some bananas some water some honey don't
even know if that's too good for you but
it's natural so come on man it's good
and they have the denim bar that got
myself a steak right so bug myself to
steaks I went for a sirloin steak which
I'm not having today loving a rib I
don't know how it's gonna be it's from a
local tesco it's not from a butcher's so
we'll see
but he says pan-fried rare two minutes
each side medium three minutes each side
well done for mini cheese side so I'm
gonna do three and a half minutes each
side cuz I like my steaks medium to well
done oh yeah cam eat a hot water for
their vegetables oh yeah they only take
five minutes oh let's go get those going
oh that must make a great mistake I
almost threw my ribeye on straight away
no but it got a seasoned it okay okay a
little bit of seasoning okay start the
clock
oh yeah just like that ribeye steak some
vegetables some mushrooms with some
thoughts it smells incredible
I got to tell you I'm very excited to
eat this this thing's cooked absolute
perfection
honestly I couldn't
is better if I tried does it taste good
oh yeah that is absolutely gorgeous I
can't believe I walked into that shop
being that I don't really want to get
the steaks were hidden away at the
bottom I couldn't see him I've never
bought a steak from that shop the five
years of living here
spotted it came home cook myself off a
beautiful meal me I'm a happy man I
noticed over the past few days I wasn't
drinking enough water I kept trying to
drink it out of this class and it it's
just the most annoying glass to drink
out of so I stepped it up a little bit
yeah I'm not drinking out of this I do
it bottle you better know I've been
pissing all day
Oh would you look what I am now on the
toilet yet again drinking water is
really good and it makes me feel like
hydrate it is help which is obviously a
good thing and on top of that like when
I feel like I want to snack uh something
like oh man I just want to eat this or
take two temptations or something which
I haven't actually done this entire life
both of eating healthy I just find
myself when I feel that hungry or
something like that or ever craving I
just drink water and the craving goes
it's kind of strange to be honest but I
am gonna have to in today's vlog you
guys so thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like rate in it
look at the blister on my finger yeah
that is actually a blister that's why
you don't play me fire so word of
warning
probably should have published before I
showed the flamethrower stuff don't play
with fire otherwise you get burned
I look like an incorrect version of ET
but guys thank you very much for
watching I really appreciate it you
could do anything with your time on the
internet you chose to sit and watch this
video thank you so much if you are new
around it make sure you click that
subscribe button puts a new video every
day around 6 p.m. and permanently saying
that from now on not on the dot around 6
p.m. not before it definitely after it
I'll see you guys tomorrow for the next
vlog so as always thank you for watching
make sure you follow me on to our app
pros and you can follow me on the
Instagram path syndicate and until then
much love to your faces don't forget
guys if you do want to be able to win
the mystery box giveaway I'm gonna put a
link down description if you don't even
know what the mystery box giveaway is
click the link check it out and enter
basically a free way of potentially
winning something
either way they post
