oh hi there my name's tum also known as
Tom wait I did that wrong hi my name's
Tom also known as syndicate you may only
know me as Tom but I actually used
suppose gaming videos for like 5 to
nearly 6 years on a daily basis I'm
saying this now because 99% if you
already know that and I know this is an
interruption to the vlog but I just
started YouTube posting gaming videos
and if you've ever been a fun of Call of
Duty I was massively addicted to ecology
Tom B's and in October it's coming back
out so this is an open invitation to
anyone who likes ecology zombies - click
the link in description to go check out
my new video that I posted on my gaming
channel because as you can see right
there I'm running a giveaway to give
away one of the limited edition mystery
boxes that they bring it out so if you
want to find out more information about
it clearly down description watch the
video and enter the giveaway that's
enough of me interrupting the vlog enjoy
mm-hmm
a beautiful day today boys mm-hmm waking
up at 10 o'clock in the morning feeling
like a responsible fresh adult now I'm
gonna go inside and make zombies videos
all day so bye for having the most
important meal of the day breakfast oh
cool this morning saying it's an
absolutely lovely day and I thought it
was gonna be gorgeous
miserable in London it was 28 degrees of
pure Sun and I was walking around
wearing all black not too sure why I was
doing that but yeah pretty Gary and
miserable to be fair and something
you've not seen me do in a while he's
got a mountain bike ride and I've been
trying to get all the lights together to
ride every time I'm like let's go ride
in or like no I'm not available can't do
it not doing it my dad still hurt he's
back but for I believe Gail's birthday I
bought her like a spy retreat for two
and I thought she'd take like one of her
friends or something like that but she's
taking my dad so my dad's on a pumper
weekend this weekend we should be fair
we'll be good for him he gets to relax
he can chill out we'll probably get a
massage like a deep tissue lie force
massage or like help him out and it just
gets to kick it for a few days but my
dad's on a spa retreat weekend that
sounds like something I'd do not hit my
mission right now is to get to the
bakery pick up the food go and see Alice
my mom I think I've only got two more
boxes of posters to sign so I'm gonna
pick up the food go there eat lunch get
him signed I believe we're done and just
like magic
there's dinner
it started spitting literally a tiny
amount and look at all they're all just
crumbed around this session refusing to
donate well this has had some upgrades
to the room you may not see anything
just visibly straight away but Wayne
she's had her little sockets attached to
the wall she's dead excited she's got
the what over there she's got a little
brush stainless steel ones and ones with
USB charges she's a genius I don't even
have these in my house which makes me
question why don't I have these in my
house so I'm gonna get my dad onto that
and get myself some ordered and if you
haven't actually got yourself some maybe
you're considering if you're wondering
like wait was the point of in USB
charges in your sockets well rather than
needing a plug assume that all you need
is a cable and if every single bug
sucked in your house it's got a USB
attachment in it you never have to worry
about a plug just the cable which I'll
lose nearly every day Alice doesn't get
signal in a house so she has to go out
the side way always guess well bang John
a oh that's it sign ball I'm done I'm
done I'm done I'm done
duh duh duh I'd love to say that is all
of them completely signed but we're
waiting on another crate to be delivered
and then once we sign all them they're
officially officially officially done
okay I'm gonna go to look at the fog
real okay looking in the front room
what's going on in yeah ah that's a lot
of posters wait are they posters that
I've finished
oh they're ready to go my god
it's done to be fair Alice did just have
a valley point that you've been rolling
these posters up all week and after
rolling thousands of these posters my
mum just went what is nine or nine or
69er from and to people who don't
actually know when we went bowling all
the time would only have a ball nines so
if some reason just became a thing of
light all we do is ball nines it's like
I've got like 60 nines and then I was
like 69 or 69 and I was 9 or 9 or 69 and
69 it became our bowling team names yeah
it wasn't based off the sex move
I just put on balls you give from 1903
address whoops all right
apparently this box is doing my other
side for sometime just just give it to
me now so let's try and find out what it
is no idea will this wish me look it's
not aware nope all right so inside the
box that my mom's been telling me to
open so badly oh it's a pop picker what
is it what is it what is it what is it
it's a wah
I've not got this one I've not got this
one Hannibal Lecter that's sick I didn't
even know that was a pop figure oh my
gosh she was probably from I've got a
letter from Jake hi Tom I have enclosed
a small gift for you which I was
supposed to bring 662 but it didn't
arrive in tank trap thank you for taking
the time to meet me it insomnia and I do
hope that you that you haven't got this
one keep on doing what you're doing
sadi oj oj thank you very much but my
friend that he's definitely going on the
collection of the wall because I haven't
got this one
glad I could meet you there and thank
you very much once again speaking of
which if you guys aren't going to
insomnia already if you didn't know let
me just slide on over here and get one
of these leaflets I'm going to insomnia
six three if you want to go use the code
I 66 okay so as always use the code I
six three syndicate now it's on screen
you get yourself ten percent off I know
you can thank me later go there I'm
gonna be there for all four days doing
meet-and-greets all day every day and
looking forward to meet you faces or do
you see a lot of familiar faces there so
if you're going again I've already met
you look forward to seeing you again and
if you're thinking of going for your
first time ever it's an awesome a gaming
event I'll scream to their cars gonna be
their mom's gonna be there loads of
people gonna be there it's like on stage
stuff these new games to play things to
check out I'm gonna be there for four
days so make sure you get your tickets
link will be down in the description
get yourself 10% off and I'll see you
guys
I'm a drinking a cup of tea at 3 o'clock
in the afternoon and you're all having
gin nah nah I can believe Oh No look how
cold mum looks outside if only oh wait
one second Oh always
what what's going on Alice Lima they're
not actually waterproof
we'll keep your water at least and he
spray we want free stuff no they're not
wah Wow get out a check product right
there but yeah no just lemon no actually
walk through it it's kinda put me down
quite a lot to be honest okay I'll come
back in 20 minutes
okay bye okay okay it was only two but
whatever can I have a taxi home now can
I can someone drive me home please
so we're driving home please oh if only
I had a hoodie to wear to walk homemade
always change your tire it's been like
how many days did she popped a tire get
it changed you gotta roll them don't you
know you know how even dude all these
big ones yeah you have to pop this
little stack like we've been doing and
see how you find it number thanks I pay
you for a reason
hi my name is Tom and welcome to
Undercover Boss they'll never know
they'll never know got it well done good
job Alice all doing good job mom
roll the last poster rolling it up roll
it up buttercup me but just to send you
off sin you often give it to a fan which
yours I'm gonna ride on the back of
there last but not least you're going in
the tube don't worry I'm not wearing the
poster of Santa back of it and into the
tube you
into the tube you go back I gotta I
gotta I wonder what could be in this box
let me just move this know that don't
try you ever trying me it's just chilly
he's made itself a new home okay good
night that cat oh hi there Tom from the
future I just want to let you guys know
that if you would not subscribe to this
channel that was creepy with
notifications turned on that means if
you're watching this video you're not
even signed into a YouTube account right
make a YouTube account click subscribe
it connects it to your emails in your
email notification when the video goes
live if you haven't got the YouTube app
downloaded on your mobile phone download
that because tomorrow's vlog it's so
epic it just is alright I'm already
excited he can tell harm's way all I'm
gonna say is I got something in the post
of the day and I couldn't use it alright
so I now have the other part of not
flame I mean not you get where I'm going
with this alright I've got what I need
so tomorrow's vlog do not miss out I'll
try and make sure it's on time 6 p.m.
it's one of the most awesome feelings
I've ever had and hopefully it comes
across in the video because oh my gosh I
had so much fun do not miss out if
you're not subscribed to this YouTube
channel subscribe now click the button
smash it once you click it'll save from
subscribe to subscribed then there'll be
a little notification bell next to it
ding get punchy where your finger hit it
with your mouse button and that way you
won't miss tomorrow's video you've been
warned
that was worth every penny I spent on it
but don't forget guys if you do want to
check out the mystery box giveaway that
I'm doing but look we'll be down in the
description to go check out the video
what's the fourth thing I explained
everything in detail it's a pretty cool
way for you guys to go out to win
something and it may be thrown in with a
bit of syndicate original merch so check
it out make sure you read and I wish you
all the best of luck so as always thank
you very much for watching make sure you
leave like like rate and subscribe and
I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. for a
flame thrower video I mean not a flame
for a video but you know I mean an
aesthetics
