it's a new dawn it's a new day once you
first what what's your phone way more
than me Jesus don't judge my phone says
it's 2015 right I love you bye I'm not
gonna say what we're doing on the camera
next week nice be a full-time cameraman
look yeah oh my god I love that you're
is he doing a good job
yeah leave like that you should be my
County but by now yeah most people come
to London and stay at a hotel I stay at
this guy's house thank you don't forget
if you ever need a place to stay in
Manchester he's dead man free I mean one
pound of night I once played two years a
night in Zante in Greece that sounds
like it that sounds like a YouTube video
channel yeah see we're in the the Alfie
match oh yeah yeah nice syndicate
regional Emmy appreciate it good modern
in them to your faces is the new
daughters a nudie and we've got to head
back to Manchester today it's like 27
degrees in Manchester I'm wearing a
long-sleeve t-shirt black jeans and I am
hot it's gonna take me two hours by
train to get from London to Manchester
and as soon as I get there I have to
head over to Alice's house because at
Alice's house I have several few billion
posters to continue signing as much as I
want to go home and play for tonight I
can't do it I've got to get all these
posters signed scribbled on and then get
them shipped out to you guys I feel like
I'm in America because just look at all
the grass it's just all cinch to it
an absolutely crisp hear the sound of
that that's the underground going chug
chug chug cheer this is the one train my
number one that's what I need to go all
right here we go
I've made it to Houston stations where I
get my big train from London to
Manchester can't be selling that for
about two hours so you better know I
play brisket just drop some was a prank
it's yours it's like it was like you
know them YouTube pranks by someone
drops money there ya are they've got
loads well come when she dropped 12 20
it is 12 10 10 minutes to go to a shop
around the corner get myself some food
for the train set off on the adventure
probably Marks and Spencers man the food
in there is just so damn good like
everything just looks delicious
of which I'm not going to eat half of it
so France sandwich felt oh and chunks of
Apple that nice a tower right platform
one the trains been called hopeful this
is a smooth sailing two hours home get
back
sign all the posts although you get my
blog at it perfection there she is
there's my beauty that's for taking me
home who needs your warts Express when
you've got the Virgin Pendolino
successful journey thank you very much
Matt is a lovely day in Manchester right
now who I want to be in a plane right
now but for now it's a tie okay there's
known in that one taxi time
homuth sweet homuth random banana okay
then
oh my goodness me me bike me bikes in a
Oh maze of tubes a little have been
taken over by tubes oh my gosh
everywhere really that part of a working
environment is it you can't complain can
you go inside then stop moaning and
let's begin you know just out here in
the olden days of my phone like this
trying to get signal cuz Alice's house
is terrible just try to get signal show
you hello
hello look like you're like getting
ready for the most amazing firework show
in the world
how's the life of rolling mum it's not
hard life is it you know you hydrated
you're starting the Sun yeah you went
through an entire tub of ice cream today
what a lovely life so what happened Sam
you should be in the back so can you
just well well I can see that
I just refusing to help this one's got a
little bit of a decorative sprinkler and
got ninety ninety sixty nine poster when
did his teeth his teeth supposed to look
like this and I did his teeth I gave him
out I love Tom and he's a noob do you
think you'll like that yeah yeah I know
goodbye now oh I classes a hard worker
he's definitely speeding him by now
tomorrow no less for the wicked for me I
have got their walk home wearing again
full black t-shirt black pants round to
my house to get the floor get it and
hopefully up on time and oh boy am I
gonna look forward to editing this vlog
I've got to re-watch all the drama from
yesterday's conference
it was great it was better than you can
well what are you doing you insane Oh
Carrie for a quick fun story with Tom so
the house I live in now like there was a
house there we knocked down built a new
one well actually before we found that
house the day before I was interested in
buying this one right here and I was
gonna put the extension on the side of
it like they did cuz it didn't used to
exist and I was gonna live there that
was gonna be my house I was gonna move
out from my dad's house into that
property right there because I was gonna
go into an apartment and rent my dad was
like don't rent don't run don't run I
always buy somewhere I got a mortgage as
I sweet so he walked into that we were
like proper scope now and he said you
could put like extension on the side
build it out of the back this this this
and the next day me my sister and my dad
were at the pub having a drink walked up
the road I lived on and then discovered
that house and was like oh let's do this
house up instead that can be the project
and then the day after that my dad was
like I even better we could like knock
it down and build a new one and then it
was even better it was like wait a
minute
why don't we knock it down dig out like
violent fine to turn a stone from the
ground and make a three-story house
crazy I think just pan out the way they
did still crazy think I've been doing
this for eight years I think I made it
home the moment I was about to break a
sweat so successful journey time to edit
the block so what I got this computer
from area there was supposed to be a
code that I may or may not have thrown
away which is the activation key for
Windows - every time I try and record a
video on my screen everyone's like Tom
activate your windows you cheapskate you
pirated it no I've no pirate it I just
lost the code to be able to activate it
and if you try and buy it from the
actual store check this hello if you go
to like go to the Microsoft Store to buy
it it's a hundred and twenty quid
whereas if you just go on Google you can
buy them for 20 that's like the best
deal this entry okay this is the first
time I've ever tried to cook a pork chop
like this I don't know it says chicken
but just try it okay these are like a
rough that you put your meat in and then
put it on the pan I've never done it
before cuz I usually seasoned it myself
some really weirded out as to how this
is gonna work you know I'm cooking food
downstairs and I've just got word that
new zombies trailer has dropped this
second so I'm about to sit down reactor
and see what the hell's going on and
it's from this point that my night
completely fell apart there was no
structure I did nothing except release
this brand new live reaction trailer
look at there that's me look
me from you just saw there if you guys
want to see that full trailer and the
full reaction that I had to it then make
sure you click link down description
I'll go to the gaming channel just go
check it out I lost my fix it was like
old school zombie characters in it and I
was just like stoked to be getting back
into the zombie theme of things you
could be noticing a lot more gameplay
videos from me because any bit of news
or information that drops around black
ops 4 zombies or anything like that I'm
gonna be covering the living tips out of
it so Trevor it was like I listened to
kill what he did gaming and zombies well
guess what bitch is coming back and he's
come back in style so go check this out
if you know I have a gaming channel go
check it out we'll be down description
go show some low leave a like rating
leave a comment saying stem from the
vlog and then all I have to say from
that is that was the end of my day I
cooked the food went downstairs edit but
I was so distracted by this trailer that
I completely forgot to vlog the rest of
my night so I apologize for that bore it
was it was an awesome day I've been
traveling down from London back home to
reminisce online what I thought about
like the ksi Logan situation it was
definitely a win for JJ the London
crowds absolutely insane it wasn't the
whole crowd it would be an idiot it's
just the rare few people in there who
were throwing shit being absolute dicks
throwing paint cans off like the rooftop
and stuff like that it takes a small
minority of people to go doing that sort
of shit to ruin an entire event and give
like the UK a bad name to like a global
audience so if you are events you see
someone doing shit like that
call mother shit like out on security
get rid of him because we don't need
that people around us it just brings our
name is like youtubers and like you know
influences are just people trying to do
something professionally down a lot and
data you could say but well it was
really professional you know sort of
conference cuz you know they were all
just challenged here and shouting over
each other shop or throwing stuff at
people you just should never be done
like people were throwing metal ball
bearings onto the stage which is a a
no-go in any situation any event or
anything like ever ever do stuff like so
if you didn't do that give yourself a
pat on the back you're not a dick
cheers that I got to end today's vlog
guys thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe and if you're watching this
today I know I said go check out this
zombie video that I just dropped book
I'll have another one coming out tonight
covering the brand-new mystery box and
I'm really looking forward to breaking
that one down because there's loads of
information about it and I haven't even
read it yet so as soon as I do I'll make
a video about it post it you guys can
enjoy so much lift your faces leave that
like rain
subscribe if you wanna get yourself some
syndicate visual swag syndicate og link
in description go get itself the myrrh
and I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next hour vlog much love I'm
sorry us
