before today's legend I need to remind
you that on the 20th of November the
brand-new limited-edition syndicate
original shirt is coming out if you want
to get it can be on sale for one day and
one day only so be there or be square
and gave it while she can oh my god
today I feel a little bit better on
saying off the start of this vlog and
yeah by the way I apologize for
yesterday's vlog being my I decided
sleep was more valuable than getting the
vlog oh that makes sense right because
I'm doing a show and we're with Hillary
again she started driving me to the
YouTube space to film legends of gaming
again so hopefully today isn't gonna be
like a 19-hour day I think we should be
done by half five today they said so
we'll just see how that goes and let's
nail it what time to call this mr.
knuckle hmm what time you know this mr.
Eisen's
sleepy Mexican will we wait for you just
your fault yes you all fell asleep in
the film apart from you
oh you didn't even call me a friend
oh god terrorize look you look and make
yourself look you know just beautiful do
it do it oh yes again
oh yes everywhere Dabba Dabba Dabba
Dabba Dabba Dabba Dabba Dabba Dabba
devil dragon Oh today because I've got
booked in spot there spot there and spot
much these are like caught so much and
I've been like scratching sister felling
but Hillary's gonna do some makeup on me
so good luck have fun go do you even
know what you're doing I'm filming your
first she's picking me look pretty
sad pill yeah I look so dumb pill but
that's not the makeup I just looked pale
in general so I really need to get
having a suit an either way some Bunica
wear you out
we're waiting for you look at the
difference in color of skin yeah yeah
yeah oh yes I got you hello Tom remember
this you change your shirt today I
didn't know you cinched it yeah I just
finished it so I don't look like a
freaking little boy in a shirt you
almost offer too much of misses me oh
you're welcome Internet nailing this
first tank going good right good I'm
fired
let's fly through this let's kill this I
can't show you guys I can't show you sat
down here pretty either way you can't
just throw you in the camera just for
this shot look at that mustache dude
that is absolutely like it oh yeah I
want pass through that is a world-famous
most that's holy shit that is absolutely
incredible so that when you've that won
your first place yep Oh hands down that
is incredible this is where all the
behind-the-scenes people come stealing
all the pizzas come on now come on yeah
you always running here you're lying to
me so food coma and fascination show
sponsored by razor the greatest gaming
peripherals
oh that's just again so whilst we're
playing this game some random BK Randy's
just joined and we're all just boiling
them no dude get out you little bitch
he's wait he said T fuck you Dave I love
you
well poor Dave came in and said why you
have to be mad it's just a game hey you
know that chair you're not supposed to
be in there
this is the winners chance the host
chair yeah that's my chair out of it get
out of it I've decided at my funeral the
song I want to get played is hello
doctors my old friend I think that's
gonna be the one we're just over yeah
well you want your funeral hey which one
I just want people to be there yeah you
want Gwen Stefani your what about banana
beat a na na this shit is bananas she's
dead EAD ad I'm gonna come and sing at
your funeral is a wrap for lunch come on
mr. knuckle mr. knuckle and it's a wrap
for lunch homeys let's go get the bird
no five seconds to give the world some
inspirational clothes don't suck don't
suck my own quotes you did oh fuck
nearly got killed yeah listen he's
actually really good at this competition
I swear we have the pizza you Trevor
went for a little bit of everything
Damien surrendered meanwhile we got
these kids playing video games
alright boys it's been a long time since
I've played well I'm going in with nine
items and $200 to try and win a night
it's been so long since I've played
without all my guns I've actually turned
into being tradable and hopefully I'm
gonna try and win uh-huh oh my god that
is so fast
what so fast
what report and we're going into the
light it's fucking out onto the stage
right right now we're gonna be playing
some I'm gonna tell you that's right
well teaser we're playing Battlefield
and we're playing some games oh sweet I
just saw mystery guitar man in the
hallway am I go and say hello to him in
a minute but he looks a bit busy so he
goes yeah I like you I like I'm told me
he cannot unto me so we've met I think
we've met before but I remember pressure
was it pie
I'm upside down now hello he's called
news Nicole no I can't spoil the show
but you totally won every single game
you play yeah
I'm lying what the fuck that is a
fucking great show I totally just don't
care I'm thinking about pizza wutface
you pulling oh shit you're filming me
hello
here comes the money money money money
money like a bogey up my nose tasty you
ought to give little fingers oh they're
all so cute I'm having a laugh it's
raining in LA again every time I'm here
fucking rains it oh wait a minute I
think that's the new TT I'm almost
pretty sure but that is a new Audi TT if
it is the first time I've seen my kind
of Audi TT oh it is TT in the u.s. that
was fucking beautiful so he sure knows
his winning photos for the three world
records first one very classy
okay to just magnificent most recent one
did your boss that is so so you're the
definition of a man
oh she dates he wraps you could see we
did we get we get we get forget look
like a man in the house right now
Eric's lost his car keys so he's fucked
he's bloody wankered mate bloody wanker
how we all doing team this is behind the
scenes crew go say hello to the vlog
sound guys just the crew sound guy can't
all up in here yeah this is sound guy
the response Sango is always the best is
because you can be anywhere and just ask
him any question if you've got an
emotion he's like I know I carry first
yeah there's something that I feel like
I need to tell you every time I love you
alright great day and this is the editor
editor keep doing what you're doing my
friend
good luck this is quite possibly the
best thing I could find Hilary I look to
get my bag and behind my bag with what I
find I'm not sure what the whole blowjob
thing gives with all the time but
nonetheless I think I might go and put
this on like the front desk of the
YouTube so she gets banned what show in
there and it is fucking raining in the
u.s. I almost pause this at UK why my
lines I've been like meaning to say one
thing and another comes out I don't know
it's just a thing that happens but
something's wrong man this just can't be
right raining in America I swear it
follows never a fucking go the down at
the UK it was like the Sunnis day
they've had all year so far I come back
to America and rain fuck everything man
well damn because of dry Department and
it makes sense that people round we got
Trevor over here
hello mister marketing of tea and we go
in here hello mr. moose hello and we go
over here that's right every time
someone walks in the apartment you have
to wear my fucking clothes or else we'll
sort that out okay I'm gonna do my best
to fuck it up no stop if you feel bad
for fuck's sake the numbers of people
are extending care now not only do we
have three dudes four dudes we also have
four dudes and one extra dude ah oh no
more blowjob symbols is that it
you don't know sorry guys no more
blowjobs oh my god it's being team ah
and can we please get the knife so I can
get a reaction how crazy right you've a
good roll another one this is nice the
four exception this is this is the cell
she sell me intima and I've got whilst
we're doing the unboxing the 4c called
Operation wildfire yeah operational dude
the beautiful looking skin most of these
are pretty nice that Empire looks pretty
crazy I'm interested in box from a
landline and nothing but blue spring the
bad luck I am so tired I combine self at
the stick of destiny
that was the signature fuck I don't ride
Oh guys I'm so tired
well I think it's just 11 o'clock at
night and I'm so tired I'm exhausted yet
likely food pissed off with his
brilliant mustache I've got going and
that's like Lobster at all the time and
I've got moose knuckle and tema and just
moose now cleaning themselves away
I can't leave today I found out moose
knuckle is that is the guy's camel toe
guys what's up guys we're taking over
Tom's vlogs right now
well yeah it's good to have everyone
round today but I could fall asleep on
the sofa for like 10 minutes
appreciate the team effort there guys
thanks yes I'm just gonna get through
this fucking shop you feel dick what
friends are for
what was the Sharpie just to win them
Dex get them Det the Dixie drawing yeah
we get it yeah oh fuck yeah all right
wait are you gonna read me a bedtime
story it's like no I am your bitch I'm
sorry by mother Goose well that's like
an audio book intro Little Miss Muffet
sat on a tuffet eating her curds and
whey spider who sat down beside her and
frightened us 9:00 at night
I am stupidly to help us 9 I fuck you
wish yourself a snot it is half past
12:00 at night I am so damn tired I just
want to get to bed and then just get
eight hours sleep it is half 12:00 now I
wake up at nine o'clock eight and a half
hours sleep or set boys were absolutely
so wrap up today's vlog here make sure
you like button subscribe and I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. UK time for
the next vlog and on that same note
don't forget February 20th not November
yesterday I said November February 20th
the new syndicate original limit edition
shirts for now if you want to get it get
it
on the day it's out it's never being
sold again get it boss it's all good
leave a comment saying dick drawings are
delicious that sounds weird
