time to get out of bed stylus they're
not 3 p.m. in the afternoon reasonable
hour right now and today's gonna be a
good and you might be like hi Tom you're
not just gonna sit around your house and
do nothing all day that's that is hell
mother trucker no I never usually put
these in my void but this is a
straight-up warning there's a lot of
swearing in this I couldn't bleep it all
up it takes away from what the actual
pine the video is of covering a press
conference so just a heads up lots of
swear and if you don't like swearing
now's your time to bounce so finally the
universe is presenting us with a
challenge today if you know but this guy
called k is and this guy called Paul
Logan for doing this pretty massive
fight and there's currently a press
conference going down I thought it was
in like a week's time turns out it's
tonight you bet I know I want to go down
to it but it's in London I'm in
Manchester it's two hours by trying to
get there I have no idea when where how
what all logistics basically I just have
a great old time in London oh yeah
welcome to the new world ladies and
gentlemen let's get started I've packed
this bag that should be enough for
overnight toothbrush toothpaste think
we're good on that front
Auggie's edited and it is applauded all
is good okay Carolyn could you did a
good job before shoes after shoes
compared look at that like night and day
right my tux is here I am a bit sad and
say this right now I love my
limited-edition heart this is one of the
gold ones but I'm wearing all black and
white I don't even ever like a train
ticket books or anything like that I'm
just gonna turn up and win get yeah but
yeah
jennifer winget right that's the way to
do it it London that far ish
Lobaton will be fun will be fine I use
you bro the top I almost didn't pay I'm
so sorry it's in a bit like oh but
actually it didn't pay I was like sorry
dude I thought it would have my credit
card oh we're not going on a plane we're
going on a train so let's see
what the next train is available to
London it takes two hours to get from
Stockport train station to London
Houston and then I believe I have to
travel maybe maybe an hour to get to
where I need to go so I might be a
little bit late to the press conference
hopefully not too much but we'll just
wing it
okay I see if we get them out one fine
come on come on come on I have like
three minutes to get on the train
because it's about to turn up at 4:04
high let's go missing this train on
purpose it's about to turn up there's my
train I just walked into that shop said
I don't have time to scan my credit card
or anything like that so I gave a
ten-pound note picked up two packets of
tablets and I'm gonna jump on this train
so where am I going
but woman just looked at me and just
stood exactly what I was doing was like
you're good at two buckets as top
tablets for headaches are available I
looked at the price of I was like there
were four pounder pack I was like I just
dived on the train
we're going to London time to try and
plate Lawrence gave the entire way it
makes time fly from a power plant
two hours later only arrived in London
successful train journey was successful
time to try and find out where to go
next because I actually don't know where
I'm going or how to get there so I've
got one hour
and I'm hoping that's gonna be enough
all right I've got fun I got a jump on
the underground I got to go two stops
jump off jump on another train get to
where I need to go and then walk from
there Victoria Line south bound to
Oxford Circus okay then for a long time
oh okay this is the trainer need to get
on and it's absolutely round oh my god
this is disgusting
oh thank god again oh this is where I'm
meant to be going I don't know how to
get in but we're gonna try he's gonna
win wait
that's what he turned up in are you
kidding me he rolled up it oh my god
you're joking why are we missing it
where we're going
Manchester for today he's gonna get back
you satisfied with all what do you think
in new power against it
wait
he's gonna win he's gonna wait hi their
loan he's going Jane that's okay he's
got it
Oh what is going on like it was mad
enough in LA but at least it was cool
it's absolutely sweat liske in here Wow
have been
put 800 mah mAh
nobody say anything else
good question Neji initially you're
pushing them made the Kansai James might
and what point did you realize it was
viewed who's going to take on team
green stuff fluency because everyone's
gonna go home a lot of people said about
your training come and how's it going
apply I want to know what's the issue of
me because woman are you training with
Fidel why are you no treatment for time
anymore
like there's 0% chance that that is
right there's 0% chance of everyone
like his old trainer knows it his
brother knows it
besides everyone knows he's gonna lose
keep your star race come so what
supports the skin
innocent
an advantage
I think guys they were in LA in boom
why did he keep wanted to bones
he's that guy literally who the fuck is
that guy right there
and it's not as much
I've even lost the furniture is not
safely on stage please
Simon how do you think that compared to
LA it was better than you could have
expected
that's a pretty good actress all right
there right now
the reigning defending you too
I was a lot of people on Wednesday
who's that China's that
yeah yeah my last iteration the
semi-final we had to talk alone for last
week
now we gonna do this
yeah buddy
no problem no we better do some things
she's a mother come on bro so this
building is about to fall the ground
let me shoot to her rumen
you could take it out for ages how are
you how are you gonna be
you
the fight beforehand what you want to do
sick
Oh
- southern crying
ready to write not one but two dumbass
children
music question
look at me
fuck you loca
but you know good
I think he's done I think I think it's
daddy just trying to leave I told the
two
oh did you expect that guys just rage
quit the lobby he's a double agent ah no
it's like him Bentley get off the car
you this is the aftermath the barriers
opened up all the funds have footed in
these people climbing up staircases and
buildings this guy mice to get on there
don't even know how he did that bruh
bruh it's like Oh have you seen a Planet
of the Apes it's not the part of the ape
scene where they climb in everywhere and
just just gotta watch out from where
they're coming from
there's two of them okay now I see you
just don't fall yeah after afterthoughts
yeah it was dangerous definitely adds
yeah your people were jumped on his car
I was like people were jumping on the
bed five minutes Bentley people children
smack it don't you
this is just now everyone's like
standing around like working out because
let me show you outside real quick
Oh holy shit
go what are you doing you're insane oh
my from oh my girlfriend whoa
okay this is a little bit of a different
cell no this book this police on the
front all I can say is that pretty
wealthy right GG motherfucker that's all
that needs to be said well now there's
police officers inside not too sure what
happened from what I know people were
throwing fun pots hate paints of kin
okay yeah paint cans of paint from the
roof
they were also throwing broomsticks
broom handles batteries throw it all
sauce you just got out we can leave yes
not too sure what's going on here but it
looks like the police have arrested
someone or something like that that kind
of sucks but Tammy go well that was
something else
it escalated like a thaw it would be oh
the only way oh we were gonna try and go
through yeah we try to get out the front
door now we told the back door so look
at the amount of stuff on the stage that
got thrown on ridiculous people
shouldn't throw shit in the slightest
way hoping that that's not going to go
oh I think it is you know I didn't know
you could do that either that's like a
that is a media guy just didn't want to
pay the rent in London so Bravo Aaron
said my second-favorite South African
you know who cook
Byron's obviously my favorite oh come on
man maybe there's a guest coming joining
me in Tesco bonds
salmon beef jerky and thank goodness I
thought I saw it I feel like I want a
date yeah I appreciate there's a lot by
the way
I thought you I want to go and get food
or something I think about want to go
out and get food so you better that dude
you said you would cook me so it is of
course I mean really it's bold statement
did it
jeez does the same I don't mess around
he's gone basic pepper in it that sounds
pretty standard as a polonaise mom is
agreement God wait for that I'm never
doing a mushroom trip with you if you
question if not like to cook yourself
every night no I was hoping for
confident yes laughing he seasoned it we
see people like this Joe should come to
Cayman Islands with me do it we need to
bring Jack and Byron to cook next week
we should go to the Cayman Islands for
seven days do some diving
this looks good probably the cheese
isn't is the most fun healthy thing on
here yes
hey is Begala neighs Oh m'god neighs
I've got to have the cheese in the
picolinate
I never thought I'd see the day where
you actually review my food oh I'm gonna
be dead on it and you know writing so
when he watches my videos and somebody
used to edit my videos there's a lot of
vegetarian
guys a lot of flavor the peppers are
flavorful yeah biking the cheese on the
top the Masters cooked quite nicely nice
is good what are you giving it out of 10
should I be chubby friend a nice I
should be harsh you should be honest no
you had an option you should be honest
no you gotta know exactly all this I'm
gonna beat that there's a lot of pasta
though you almost got seven and a half
is a lot pasta Time Bandits man time but
you're getting a hit that would put a
circuit level ah thanks for having me
Joe bellick pirate
history such a good movie won it like
what a choice we could have watch today
made my bed at Joe's house crazy crazy
day I honestly can't believe how much
that press conference was I was not
expecting that in the slightest because
that shit escalated so mad and I'm
saying this right now if you were one of
the people who was sane didn't throw
anything then climb anything or any that
sort of stuff I appreciate you you
should always give events and stuff like
that the respect that you may not think
they deserve but they do deserve there's
an event trying to happen
be respectful don't be a dick and if
someone's been a dick around you tell
him to stop being a dick
but I don't go to bed I'll see you guys
tomorrow boom it's a new day and I'm
gonna have to end today's vote because
I've now got to transport myself from
Joe's house in London all the way back
to Manchester I got some zombie videos
that I got a breakdown some Fight Night
videos I've got a render so it's time to
get on with his day so let's gentlemen
thank you very much watching it was a
very dramatically day yesterday
lots of swearing wasn't throwing things
lots of danger ups of scariness but
nonetheless I was gonna say no one was
hurt but I think Jake Jake Paul's dad
got put in the back of the head people
had paint cans thrown at them so when I
got into a fight and yeah oh no it was
just a bit mental really but I guess
that's just another day in the life of
YouTube drama so guys make sure you
leave a like great subscribe I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
day leave like I film every single day
of my life and put out and if you're new
around here so if you're not subscribed
and you're not signed into a YouTube
account sign in subscribe ding done that
notification bell and I'll see you guys
done alright
much love and it's at us
