and yes me and Sean now awake half-past
1:00 in the afternoon we decided to wake
up really late and I am so sorry for
yesterday's vlog I stayed up to like
half past seven
nearly 8:00 a.m. edit in that vlog for
you guys and I fell asleep I even have
to made a vlog and finishing the vlog
saying hey ever fall asleep I'm sorry
and I did it's now half past 1 and the
vlog still isn't up so for yesterday's
vlog I sincerely apologize I'm gonna
give a t-shirt way to say sorry put your
Twitter things come in the comments down
below thank you for being cool and
awesome the beautiful Sean there's some
traffic there some buildings he just
looked you right in your lap oh okay oh
my god it's a side spinner
there's like a careful of girls this
side was there he just beat the hard and
I was like yeah you wanna take photos
like that go on boy yeah I believe you
got some friends inside waiting fear
so many ways so Sean invited me to go to
Taco Bell with him to go and say hello
to all these all these flemish time all
these homies over here and oh you want
to be in the blog as well all right Yolo
Dawei in there you all wanna say hello
hello the blog apparently free tacos so
down down I have to do a massive shout
out to mr. Haribo because these guys
said that you let them watch my night in
there in your class so thank you very
much for being awesome
well Utah you have been absolutely
amazing everyone three two one drop
maybe alone man I'm like this is it this
is my breakfast this is my breakfast
would you look at that a Dorito taco
make it even better look at this I
didn't even know is Jacob all the way
Utah's where - life's too short shirt
what a good guy I'm gonna give him free
tacos even though it's free anyway so
right you said you had a picture to show
man I look down at the photo and this is
the photo he shares with me yeah yeah
there's no children around so I will
read a lot but this time in golden
wrappers I don't know what it is
what is it was the case see no one knows
it's just wrapped in gold so it must be
good and this is why I love Sean these
guys over here these are awesome people
from Taco Bell hello that's just a sign
their code words keeping their office so
he's drawing a sausage the British
sausage dog eating a taco
thank you so much he stars
thanks for free food watch it Shawn you
can't do that Shawn put it down okay
okay now we're gonna go play new place
by you get on the go
I have loved this trip so so many chewed
me up such a good day loved it okay I
have a dream and our dream is as a team
wizard and a master wizard because he
has a really good okay that he's master
wizard master wizard child withers and
daddy was hurt okay
we're gonna salt our rolls right now
we're gonna play smite because I've got
go to the airport pretty soon so it's
time to get in the zone and kick some
ass you guys ready yeah dude good job my
friend he's been awesome playing games
because showing you been awesome
unexpected bags but we need to tell
chicken maybe one of the tallest
people's ever met I'm one of most
legendary people until next time I will
get better at smite and then we'll be
officially team Grand Master wizard okay
all right we got a road you know we we
just randomly go in the canopy so anyway
Sansa rush to the airport if I miss
apply them whatever at least we had a
great day
it was worth I gave him smile in itself
it was we rickroll them we reckon rather
than europe a girl silly beasts he's so
good at what he does is like his role as
a player so yes we get screwed so much
he's made of like eight of the cons
miss ignore
this guy should be very like just you
sit down to have like laid-back and just
giving me a place to stay
guess what guys if you've never met
syndicate rawhide he is the most
down-to-earth nice guy he's like playing
with my baby holding my sausage dogs
pulled my sausage dogs and we just had a
good time so he looks awesome on the
internet but he's also awesome in her
life which is no his truth so I need
explosions then saving you don't forget
go and check out Shauna's challenge -
awesome stuff going on we're gonna
stream a bunch together it's gonna be
natural effect for both daily vloggers
and we're gonna hang out again in the
future
boom boom see you guys a crabber job
yeah it's time to go and check this
bagging hopefully and not miss my wife
pushed it was super late to try and
check my bag in fingers crossed the let
me do it otherwise I have to come pick
you up from the airport because I'm a
wizard how much to make it to the
airport they said my bag might not check
in but exhausting I've always massive I
have to run to the gate to get there and
fingers crossed my bags there as well
otherwise I gotta wait few hours from my
bag yeah it's good let's begin the
journey of success he said run so I run
I said what about my bike I said if you
made it the bike has to go on the plane
apparently so
fingers crossed thank you well goodbye
my favorite place of Utah the most
beautiful view in a boat
fingers crossed my back makes it to a
lie cuz if it doesn't I'm probably gonna
say that but waiting prayed for hours
oh look it's written diesel just chillin
the moment of truth was towards my bag
is here oh no wait yep
nailed it time to grab a taxi get to the
apartment and then I think I might be
going out tonight we'll see are we
having a laugh even more junk mail I
just feel bad except to keep recycling
this goddamn junk mail I don't even need
it please stop sending it to me
companies thanks I'd know I just had the
most rudest uber driver ever actually
not even an uber driver taxi driver
going the taxis like sweetie was that
way go and told him the place he was
like whereabouts I said here's the
address putting us out now he was like
sweet pretty we started driving we're
driving up the road I said yeah it's
just that paiement building on your left
me
we drove up but he's tied laughing like
who's like it was like why you waste my
time I went what he went why you waste
my time I was like how did I waste your
time I literally was talking about the
entire time just like jamming out to
music being chill as fuck and he just
was like you could have just told me he
was here why did you make me put it in
GPS and I went cuz I didn't have to get
he was like how long you lived here I
just said I just a line and when a month
he was like a month and you don't even
know how to drank your own apartment and
I was like no is that so hard to believe
and he just fucking burst out into
hysterics so then he went he went when I
went to pay he was like this way you can
pay and leave a tip I went went mate if
you think you're getting a tip here's a
tip learn to shut the fuck up get out
the car I got my own bags out the boot
and just fucking walked off I was like
that guy is a complete twat it's not my
fault I'm supposed to know like 700
miles square radius a 14-hour you know
I'm saying but either way I'm home
apartment a home sweet home really also
good about two things one member of the
spoons I went and bought yeah watch them
all done where they are and two they're
not the right place if I need to return
them but you've lost the receipt so yeh
success
well being the wizard that I am it's not
one o'clock in the morning I fell asleep
for about five hours on my bed which is
ridiculously stupid if you wondering why
now I need about my sleep schedules
messed up and I'm waking up tomorrow
whatever the hell time so I'm absolutely
starving I'm pretty sure my milks gone
off so I can't lose that all the shops
are closed because they've gone another
color for me is in 24 hours and I'm a
hungry kitty cat at Grove Jim what the
hell is going on it says read before
playing then maybe I played sexy just
what the shit is going on my computer
screen I feel like I'm getting high by
ghosts this is what you get six o'clock
in the morning this week yeah who
accidentally fall asleep early on in the
day now my sleep schedule is officially
completely ruined and I am starving to
the point where my stomach is like
eating itself a lot enough because it is
six o'clock in the morning I'm pretty
much going in tomorrow's vlog I'm just
gonna wrap up today's here and just say
thank you for your faces for watching
this IIIi I'm probably not gonna be able
to sleep for a long time yet but I'm not
gonna do anything else I'd rather just
get the vlog edited and uploaded only
got three and a half hours now to get it
up so thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed if you have make sure leave a
like rating and subscribe I'll see you
guys tomorrow
and don't forget I'll be putting a link
out soon when the video of me
snow triking with Devin super tramp and
shonduras goes up on Devin's channel so
get ready for that it's gonna be
absolutely wicked or a stream bunch this
week so tune into me on Twitch you won't
say I think go
