always recycle oh look who's back
Ken's home that's what you meant by
twins right we're in the same shirt left
him for two weeks he got be up strolling
muffling floppies probably not the
weather for it looks like it's about to
rain over there I'm feeling very
protected Tom but today's a day today is
the day you see this wrist it's gonna be
dead by the end of the day because I
have got thousands of posters to sign
scribble and splash my name all over so
we're going down to the original again
this job started and you guys are gonna
receive them infamous posters found here
my entire life and I never knew that
that guy had a jet ski I think I find
myself a new best friend sorry Carl
well I thought I was going to the office
to sign them which turned out to be
faked because I decided to walk to the
office today you know cuz I'm so healthy
and fit now but look who's here
mum's closing up the shop because we're
not signing the posters at the office
assigning them at Alice's house scratch
that then none of that ever happened my
mom just said because we can't get in
the car to go just yet
I'm she's got the keys inside yeah
oh hang on yah well Branagh mum's been
away for a week well you been it was
that good she forgot where she went well
I get cash money I was getting paid
today
listen I know it's 15 but is a tenner
call it quits
welcome to the office do do do do you
not know cats
welcome to the office oh I see I see
hello John you look like you like it
Account Manager like over look at
everything with your glasses in your
hand sign law sorry ma oh boy I bring
food food for all
I paint
Mauri I have video evidence
oh my mother anyway Cal is busy I hate
you Nikki my smiley face touch what's
ours
yeah I don't think Oh No I'm yells do
pull three two ways
okay okay keep resigning did you which
one did you go for the middle one yeah
yeah the just right one I'm officially
made mark on your room forever so if you
ever set decide to redecorate or sell
the house or whatever I will always be
there Tom Fazio gone away mine get there
might not be Cassell third much longer
when you said if you ever sell this a
something about your market Cal handful
I mean Alice handful house Cassell was
it - ka Oh - Katie oh no a side
Salva okay this is the first one oh my
gosh
yeah we're so professional this is the
first one so I'm going to actually label
it hash tag number one I told people I
was gonna do doodles I gave you a tattoo
no it says I love Tommy
I see how can we know who's County bit
upside think it'd take me like two
seconds to do one Osama palace
really
making sure he's got four else Oh
controls I left 15 seconds 15 seconds 15
seconds oh nine eight seven six five oh
no bitch
so we got to really watch it and then
come back in for a recap we're back in a
second guys we're going to the judges
tables I can confirm that Cal side a
total of more than 10 more than 30 but I
only signed 14
you ain't the inside.what Heckman 14
alright but you tell him I counted 14
alright then I'll give you 15 last of
the 19 where's the code again us tea
gals about to sign his last poster wait
oh you write in okay just no wait
finished
Oh Alf doing this doodle in 2k8 enjoy
your holiday man Alice how many boxes if
I signed seven boxes and how many more I
got to go SoCal finish signing his I
finished signing like ah fish of mine
Alice no I don't know what she's doing
welcome to the production line mum rolls
the posters with a leaflet 453 get I'm
going to I 63 if you want to go there
use the code I 63 syndicate on the
screen now get yourself ten percent off
your tickets and hopefully we'll see you
there August 24th till 27th but the
signpost is go from here - mom who rolls
them up with one of these on the inside
which then gets mustard you one in there
she puts in the tube
you look like oh wait she throws through
the box and for the box what your side
takes
I already said goodbye blog love you
guys and drive all them posters
mom literally just has to sit that doing
that all dumb day now it's you later
guys there's not too bad right now but
because I always live so close to I
don't really mind walking walking
downhill we'll get there
kyle has already left cuz he's finished
signing all his posters and he's going
to I beat it tomorrow
but because he's finished and all his
posters he's like you know what I've got
no internet in the house Tom can I go
around to your ass and play for at night
so he's currently at my I was playing
for tonight and I'm gonna go join him I
know I always say this but I'm very much
getting motivated after staying at that
hotel the other night to get this
extension done because I love my main
bedroom its god I just love it totally
to pieces but I'm really thinking that
get this extension done I have a big
bedroom above here we've like you know
bedroom and then what's it called you
know the walk-in wardrobe behind it I
think it needs to be done I really fell
in love with that I came up with the
idea before I even saw that then I saw
it I want it even more
oh we didn't even walk start dude I just
said to come upon this by that was
already going on so we ran off no two
people this little peasant gamer and
over Cal just dropped him down we didn't
even know it was the last guy god you
secured the victory for both of us
on our own what do be getting so much
bad man so much man yeah yesterday's
vlog was totally late because me and Cal
were just gonna play just one more game
just one more game
gave a fortnight I'm sorry right now
when you haven't even seen this it's
gonna say yeah you definitely put a
dangerous right when you close your eyes
at the doors close your eyes here
okay put both your hands out keep them
closed keep it closed open your eyes
mother's got a flamethrower like what
what the hell you just how dope is that
look even sent me I'm a letter he was
like div customer there's ten pounds to
go buy some gas with because he couldn't
ship the gas so he sent me that no yeah
how cool is that
brand new ecology zombie trailer what's
it called it's called official ecology
black ops for zombies chaos story
trailer has just been released so
finally after so long I've been dying to
do like live reactions of the trailers
when they drop the only reason that I
didn't when it actually went down is
because I was actually in it Los Angeles
with my ali-a and all the youtubers and
stuff when it all got released and I
tried to film my reaction but I filmed
on my phone it came out like a potato
boy man I am so I am stoked to be able
to react to this one line because when
you watch at an event and then you come
back a night you react to it again it's
like I've already seen this I know
what's going on whereas this one never
seen I've got it on my harddrive waiting
to watch waiting to be viewed by my
eyeballs and I'm gonna record a video
like the good old days reacted to it and
then I'm like you know break it down and
see what I can find in it and I'm very
excited that's all I could say he's 8:30
at night so I'm gonna put myself up some
chicken breasts so I'm gonna moaning a
little bit and I am just going to eat
some meat I'm gonna test this fry light
because everyone was raving I like Tom
don't use oil don't use Bo don't do
anything light and I know you shouldn't
do but I had like no way of lubricating
my food in the pan so I've got that
stuff I don't excited to try so let's
get some chicken on a girl get oh oh
it's looking good it's smelling good bit
of this sauce over here none
but if Parrish sauce garlic medium I
don't good uh-oh thunk that looks
beautiful look at it absolutely gorgeous
chicken and broccoli
I realized add some broccoli in the
fridge so whip that up little bit got
myself some some some I mean a metric
ton of chicken but luckily kind of
healthy glass have worked out even more
healthy and then of course you're very
looking very ill today I'm not gonna
whine you have a nice dinner now Stephen
bye-bye I've put him on a diet as well
the fat bastard this foot time it is
food time it is food time you teach
every time I'm looking forward so much
on this I'm gonna eat this downstairs
just to break up the whole being in one
one Ruby entire time a piece of advice
if you ever youtuber awesome at like
that try and keep your office very
separate from everything else yeah it's
hard to do say if you're streaming you
want to eat on stream and talk at same
time sure thing but try and keep this
place is separate if you're trying to
make videos try not to do it in your
bedroom try and get an office or a room
or somewhere in your house that can just
change it up a bit
yeah it's not bad if it's like your
backdrop for videos than that yeah that
makes sense but then go and edit in
another room or someone that you just
trust me after eight years of doing it
really good for your mentality to not
always be cooped up in one spot so
they're YouTube's mmm-hmm good just
finished up my trailer breakdown of the
brand new ecology zombies trailer and oh
my god did that feel so old-school to do
I loved it if you were watching this
vlog down you want to see that video
I'll put a link down in the description
I'll just go to my youtube channel I
have a gaming youtube channel well you
should come for such indicate you can
check it out there that just felt so
like old school I'm mega happy go check
it out show some love to the video make
sure you subscribe because we're nearly
on 9 million subscribers no no not 10
we're nowhere near 10 we're going down
and subscribers so subscribe so we can
get closer that way rather than that way
well I'm just messing guys thank you
very much for tuning in I'm saying this
right now I look absolutely exhausted
like hardly any sleep but more
importantly I found out about the ksi
Logan press conference is going on today
in London so if I can get this video
rendered in time organize my life get
all the I need to get done I'm
gonna jump on a train travel down there
try me up with Joe so go to the press
conference crash down in London
and just see where the day takes me so
if you look forward to that make sure
you leave a like rating subscribe we're
finally getting a little bit of trouble
even if it is only a train ride we're
getting a bit of travel under our belts
and we're going watching the ksi Logan
press file and I cannot wait for the
crowd to just boo the living out of
Logan and for the love of God
I hope they start shouting after him
because he has no idea what an Asda is
whereas he just kept trying Walmart at
JJ but then at the same time I hope JJ
and Dungey are bigger than that and
don't do any of that but it would be
quite funny to start shall we ah Star
open so we'll see how things go but guys
I love you I'll leave you I'm gonna have
to go make sure you follow me on Twitter
at Pro syndicate make sure you subscribe
to the gaming channels I'm gonna be
posting quite a lot more on there you
map like you always say that book no
truly when zombies stuff comes out I'm
covering it so until tomorrow I love you
Olivia
and it's arias
