more okay very nice stay at the Vincent
Hotel not in Manchester just to clarify
for the 19th million time
this hotel is definitely in Southport
because there's the beach also fun fact
if you zoom in see right there that's
Blackpool Tower weather did say is gonna
be pretty enough today so that kind of
sucks but if I've got enough time go try
and rush my ass on downstairs to a spa
have a massage a deep tissue massage so
I feel like fresh then maybe over to
Blackpool because there's a new ride at
the pleasure beach so if it's open today
I go check it out and hot tub you were
worth every second that was the most
amazing thing ever happened last night I
think it was like loads of soap in the
system when we turned it on it just went
absolutely crazy it overflowed by off
all of the edges and was magical anywho
let's try and get a spa I walked out
with a penthouse suite and was like
right time to find this bar walked
across the way I made it my snack place
was right across the way so I'm going to
have a deep-tissue aromatherapy
full-body facial massage see in an hour
and 15 minutes hmm
I was very very nice massage I was moved
up as a slug but we won't worry about
exploring time after that gym session I
hundred percent a hundred percent bath
poor wolfie got to offer if there's any
shops around here or anything like that
cause it's like a beach town so cuz it's
a beach town I assume you just like buy
chalk and like play penny slot machines
okay I have to look in the shop Royal
arcade collectibles paintings mirrors
clocks china fucking the window I simply
have to you don't have is it go damn
Terminator in there I'm going in I'm
doing it well if you got to show me boys
impress me do you want a tie you want an
emoji weak emojis have you been upstairs
it's five times as big
Luke would love this place
this is an awesome collection it's all
the cows from the James Bond movies oh
that's so sick really really really
wanna buy that I know it just beeped at
around my house book that's cool
if there was any James Bond car to buy
that is the bad guy right there
the db5 there's just toys and toys and
toys and figurines but then check this
one out
looks like this cabinet surely there has
to be something in there worth some
money
if anyone's a collector let me know they
were not joking this building just keeps
on going me I could spend all day in
here looking for little random trinkets
I feel like I've gone on such a random
adventure you know like when I got on
the bird scooter and was just traveling
around exploring I feel like I'm doing
that boy in England and maybe I need to
do this more often so much random stuff
like me this makes me want to get into
like antiques because I guarantee you in
this building somewhere in these
cabinets there's so much so rare that's
worth like a million pound and also
that's pretty racist you should get rid
of those oh oh oh
house wine is Jagermeister that's pretty
good if you never had the thunderbirds
that as a kid were you really a child
were you really look at that there's the
other one oh wait was Y Sunbird - I
think I'll Thunderbird - in here they
don't fund abode - was the best a couple
just walked past me past those dolls I
just showed you that I like super racist
and they couldn't believe that they'd
seen him cuz like where I'm from and in
the UK at least they're considered so
wrong so racist and everywhere I'm
looking through the shop they're
scattered they're just hidden everywhere
like Easter eggs awful
I found it I actually found it
Thunderbird - oh my gosh but it's the og
ones where I used to have that as a kid
Oh 12 quid am i buy it Wow I've got that
omits sign for fifty five pounds I've
made money got it for like a fiver it
just keeps on going
if you've ever seen Only Fools and
Horses this is where you make him money
a pocket watch I thought this might be
worth some money
but it's actually only worth four pounds
so the person who's pricing everything
up in here he's doing a pretty good job
I want to do a load of like antique
thrift store challenges like you know go
and find an outfit for the day or a
theme or go and collect something or
you've got like a hundred pounds try and
get the most valuable things that you
think you can collect I think you're
making fun youtube series I invite
people to come into it I'm dressed in
biker boots and a tweed jacket hell yeah
this place is like a maze it just keeps
going that's another full room in there
there's a full room in there there's a
train room in there and I've got all
this room straight up that shop is
amazing it's absolutely huge bought aa
defender Assemble about to shit myself
so I also know is when I looked in the
mirror when I was in the toilet is a
other oil that she put on me makes me
look hella greasy but behind me I forgot
like that look how greasy it is
please got grease it's like oils that
good for you but to other people they
don't know that I just looked really
sweaty and we continue with this what is
going on here
what is going on here this was hands
down one of the best Bond cars that ever
was the guns coming out the bonnet were
incredible what check this one out
this is a kind of a cold collector's one
cuz he's cars like super epic he's got a
lot of gadgets but then it gets cut in
half what is this is this the tumbler so
it's called I like the orbits wheels
come off oh that's a shame
there's another one
yes that's so cool I love these you can
tell I'm just an absolute massive nerd
at heart you know me and BAE over here
I'm for some lovely the noon tea in the
restaurant of the hotel looks quite nice
the hotel room was absolutely lovely but
the smell is like the open drains was
just disgusting so I said something to
the hotel staff I was like just let you
know lovely hotel I would have been
perfect if the hotel room didn't smell
like moistness so they treated me to
afternoon tea and here's the afternoon
tea and that's all I could eat really I
had the sandwiches with like the health
like smoked salmon and stuff like that
at that but as for this thanks for the
offer but I'm gonna box this up take it
home and give it as a gift to my family
all in all very lovely this is the
edgiest hotel I've ever been to and
restaurant because in the bathroom is a
sign that says pretty edgy but then
there's this dear Vincent cab driver
please take me home - and then looks my
cash in my bag my top my bra child's
Oscar potshots shirt socks and thongs um
all right who's the who's the mean wad
in charge of this but this is pretty
edgy did not expect to come to Southport
and bump into like 30 people I don't I
think they're all on like college trips
whatever but walk into new world to get
like a jumper because I'm absolutely
freezing don't know why I thought the
weather was gonna be good I bumped into
like one guy which then led to two guys
and that's like 10 and to 20 to 30 like
there's so many people that all the
locals were walking past like why is
this guy taking photos with people it's
kind of awkward but nonetheless very
nice to meet people I had no idea I had
homies representing itself or legends go
on a blog post it's a good idea
that'd be me in about three seconds
absolutely soaking wet because I really
want to say isn't it right yeah oh hi my
pearl please weather gods treat as well
please
all right the weather's against does
bull
I just don't hello either time to find a
poncho ASAP because we only got one hour
before we have to leave so let's get
inside on I hate that place I used to be
terrified that as a kid good park enter
as well well I got like 10 minutes to
close in but you're excited we've just
seen absolutely loads of people leave
because you're all going back to the
schools and the coaches on the school
trip and it's the part empty this one
talk about try and get on the new route
ASAP
there it is the UK's first double
acceleration roller coaster not sure
what that means but I'm sure this part
of the piston ride yet oh great
I'm soaked my feet are drenched oh here
we go
icon time yes forgot to buy a poncho yes
he put the rain not some on shoes thanks
going on already
titties everywhere
yes so so close yet so far not that
close to it and it popped up saying
sorry we're broken don't no one will be
fixed
those people can stuck outside in the
rain for ages she is not impressed
I took like 15 minutes wait but it was
worth it
really really good I could go home now
that was good wonder why it's call it
the big one
look it goes straight up it's pretty big
Hey after going that icon absolutely
brand-new felt fresh as anything smooth
ass ride beautiful looked it the big one
is so ancient dude I feel like I broke
my back on that swear to god it threw me
around so much and at one point I came
out the see landed over the top where
loosely why why why Oh close we're gonna
try and get on this one thank you sir oh
this guy's a legend who's like chopped
up like spring it from the right to
right very nice what you did oh my gosh
I'm gonna get absolutely soaked
to the edge of glory as a spot is fine
okay with devil delegate so Domino's
very scary yes straight out Game of
Thrones
oh yes right the stunner on this thing
is insane it's been going since I walked
into the park go on Big Boy - the food
shop and I've been told that this stuff
is exactly what I need when I'm cooking
like my mushrooms or anything like that
cuz don't be using none of this shit
this apparently is what I need 95
percent less far oh yes oh my god this
might be the greatest pocket ever
all I'm saying is that I read the name
of the company that sent they said oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god it's
actually arrived it's actually I mean I
mean I mean not a flame thrower oh my
gosh no way I have been waiting for this
for so many months I actually bought a
flame thrower from Elon Musk
wait what what is this did not stop
worrying customer the lawyers have
spoken and due to shipping restrictions
we can't mail your fiery propane fuel
internationally to make it up to you
we've included some cold hard cash
so you can stroll to your local store
and pick up some nice c3h8 oh go to all
these places to get it see page 5 of the
flamethrower not a flamethrower
instructions for further information I
can't believe I'll go oh my gosh I'm
number zero one six three nine and
because it already made all these they'd
put not on it as well oh when the zombie
apocalypse comes ladies gentlemen when
it comes I am giving you ready for it
with no flamethrower that is the sickest
thing I think I've ever bought Elon Musk
your legend thank you so much for this
I love you but oh this one's damaged I
say damaged it's not that damaged it's
just a little thing but when you buy
something new you want to be perfect
don't you but where they taking away the
old gas canister it's scratched or the
top of it which won't make a difference
when the gas canister Zombo oh my gosh
the boring company on no there's a nick
in the jeans oh I know I'm sound like a
like a perfectionist boy you know most
man everything should be perfect but
after a long day I can't believe that I
can't just run around my flamethrower
firing in the air like David orbit like
scaring everyone Bob I think that's what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna tell no and I've
got it walk into the room with it
blaring and try not burn the house down
so guys if tomorrow's Bob Dubay or may
not see me flaming then no flaming or
they go with a flamethrower fantastic
for reference they're really shit film
I'm hoping this flame for his bad guys
thank you very much for watching the
vlog I hope you have enjoyed it I did
end the vlog bad just because we got
back he was kind of late it was like
last night nearly ten o'clock he doesn't
look like it cuz in England right now it
goes dark so late in the night just have
so many hours of the day but I made the
most of it I went round the South Pole
add a lot of fun cannot believe I bumped
into so many people like seriously never
in my life did I think I'd go to
southpaw on a random Monday and bump
into a lot of fans like I even figured
like people will be like work college or
something like that no they were all out
on the street southpaw and I happened to
bump into probably every single view
everybody south boy it was actually
incredible so to you guys very very nice
to meet people I met at Blackpool
Pleasure Beach super Austin's me there
as well and I had fun at Blackpool if I
did go back to go Blackpool I'd probably
put a GoPro chest mount on you know for
the rides and stuff because like a lot
of the rides are the spaces where I
could've had to go pro and filmed it but
you can see phone and I didn't wanna get
in trouble at my local sort of like
theme park place filming on a phone
because that's how accidents happen and
I don't really want to do that
as always guys make sure we've got like
rate and subscribe and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog if you're like subscribed what does
that mean if you're watching this video
right now on the youtubes or whatever
the hell you're watching it on the tube
of you alright sign in to YouTube make
an account log in click subscribe my
channel it'll go from subscribe to
subscribe dig down a little bell that
will appear next to it I mean you get
all the notifications and I'll see you
guys in the next video and if you're
running legends you click that thumbs up
button every day I appreciate you you
smart you loyal flame on and it's adding
us
