one man 29 year old Sonny Melton had
traveled from Tennessee to Las Vegas for
the concert with his wife Heather when
the bullets began raining down from
above Sonny shielded her from danger
selflessly giving up his life to save
hers they'd been married for just over a
year
others risked their own lives to save
people that they had never met Mike
McGarry a Philadelphia laid on top of
students at the concert to protect them
from the gunfire there 23 2015 3 he said
and I've lived a good life
Lindsay Padgett and her fiance Mike Jay
fled for cover during the attack and
immediately returned to the scene with
their pickup truck to help transport the
wounded to nearby hospitals Gail Davis
who was attending the concert with her
husband said she owes her life to a
brave police officer who instinctively
served as a human shield protecting her
from harm sadly multiple police officers
both on duty and off duty were among
those killed or injured but what these
people did for each other says far more
about who we are as Americans than the
cowardly acts of a killer ever could the
Gospel of John reminds us that there is
no greater love than to lay down one's
life for a friend the memory of those
who displayed the ultimate expression of
love in the midst of unimaginable act of
hate will never fade their examples will
serve as an eternal reminder that the
American spirit cannot and will not ever
be broken in the days ahead we will
grieve as a nation we will honor the
memory of those lost as a nation and we
will come together united as one nation
under God and indivisible and with that
I'll take your questions
