this is CNN breaking news
we are following breaking news for you
the deadliest mass shooting in US
history has happened it happened last
night at an outdoor country music
festival on the Las Vegas Strip at least
50 people were killed there more than
200 people are injured many of them in
critical condition police say the gunman
has been identified as a 64 year old
with no prior history as far as they can
tell the local police say that they
never had any run-ins with him he is
dead at this hour police say that he
opened fire from the 32nd floor of the
Mandalay Bay Hotel that was looking out
on this open-air concert where thousands
of concert goers were trying to enjoy
the route 91 Music Festival police say
they have now spoken to the gunman's
companion Mary Lou Dan Lee and she is
not to believe believed to be involved
with the shooting she had be considered
a person of interest no longer they do
not believe she was connected we also
have new video of the first shots being
fired and then even more terrifying the
moments of a second round of gunshots
that rang out here it is
one shooter all those gunshots from one
shooter on the 32nd floor numerous
rifles we're hearing from our affiliate
as many as eight rifles that this 64
year old man had on the 32nd floor of
the Mandalay Bay and just hearing those
gunshots ring out again and again and
again Chile
