it was all it was ringing off the top of
the stage you could hear it hitting
trailers people scattering and there was
I mean it was chaos it was I've never
don't ever want to ever be a part of
anything like that ever again yeah of
course
and so what happened were you playing on
stage with Jason and how long did it
take to figure out what was unfolding I
was standing there you know I played I
just come offstage before Jason set and
I was back out there like we always do
we're all friends not here and we all I
was out there watching the show and
wanted to support him all of a sudden
you just heard a couple individual with
sounded you kind of lawyer you would ask
yourself that sounded kinda like a
gunshot yeah and then next thing you
know it was just unloading I'm like no
doubt an automatic sounding rifle or
some sort of machine gun or something
and at that point is when you could tell
the chaos and the fear and everyone's
eyes and their demeanor was changed and
everyone just started scrambling for
some of any sort of cover but in the way
it's set up in the way that you where
the guy was in Mandalay I mean it's like
shooting fish in a barrel
where he was I hate to say that he's
that sort of term but I mean it was I
feel so bad for these people and we're
all lucky we were just talking about
this my crew everyone else's crew
backstage we're so lucky that none of us
were in the line of fire because there's
so many innocent people that were there
to have a great time that's what we're
here to do for them they've lost their
lives this is not an exaggeration this
shooting was going on for at least 10
minutes I mean it was non-stop and by
the time I got back to the bus after
hopping a few fences we were we were all
laying down in the middle of the bus and
it was kickin fire was continuing
outside so this is something that was an
all ongoing situation
