in the middle of desperation another
potential crisis may be brewing this is
not a small place the whole island and
the problem with the diesel and the
gasoline we are trying to work with
these people
we are trying to still providing
services to these people dr. Maria
Rodriguez has worked at this Community
Health Clinic for 24 years it's one of
70 such places all across the island
which serves the frontline for
preventive health care
everything from broken bones to
counseling to pharmacy services for many
Puerto Ricans but as fuel dwindle so
will care in that way that if we
continue to provide these services in
this area we stop the that the patients
go to the hospital that is already
overcrowded they have been told that
they have just six hours of fuel left
and at that point without any help they
will have to close their doors what else
we can do the only thing we can do is go
into the shelter we do the medical
evaluation but we can provide
medications to those patients and that's
in part why you're seeing tents like
this pop up in places like San Juan
you see even before Maria a third of the
population here was reported to be in
poor health the more likely to be older
here more likely to have chronic disease
like hypertension and diabetes and
therein lies the concern what happens to
all these patients if they don't get
access to care within the next several
days getting health care services up and
running is key but the only way to do
that is to make sure clinics like this
are powered with fuel and right now
that's a big unknown Domingo Cruz
director of San Jorge pediatric hospital
knows just how critical it can be just
two days ago it was dark and all of a
sudden as you may understand everybody
was very nervous if we were we started
evaluating transfers possible transfer
to other hospitals patients that could
have been discharged home
earlier than what it was initially it
perceived they were running low on fuel
just two days worth and a dozen children
on ventilators who are ready to evacuate
the entire hospital if we didn't get
power somehow early afternoon a
neighboring hospital brought 1200
gallons of fuel and then yesterday a
u.s. army tank provided three more days
worth to keep this generator going it
was a close call a day we thank God that
it work out it's been trying
professionally as well as personally in
the midst of the storm his mother passed
away
bury her the day of the stroke the day
after is done I sure need to be open got
people looking for us
