we liftoff from San Juan a route Stephen
has flown hundreds of times but this is
the scariest sky traffic he's ever seen
the airport's have no working radar so
every slow Cessna and every fast jet is
flying by sight in a dust filled sky we
cross over resorts and neighborhoods all
shattered by Maria and eight miles later
touched down amid shattered airplanes as
some of the first outsiders to reach via
'kiss since the storm it just picked up
by Maria and thrown here and look at
these over on this side
broken planes are just the first signs
of Maria's strength the entire island is
ravaged in the swanky w hotel to the
boats of mosquito Bay that is the cabin
of a catamaran for tourists called the
naughty mermaid and if it looks a little
bit odd it's because it's flipped upside
down by what the locals say were 200
mile an hour winds 3 2 1
in happier times the glow-in-the-dark
plankton that lives in this Bay helps
lure the tours that drive the economy
there is no salvaging the upcoming high
season but that is a worry for later
right now is about survival we out of
food we're running out of food and water
that is the kind of heartbreaking sold
raining scene that's getting played out
again and again as people look at her
cry as she gets on a Sat phone for the
first time
it crushes your soul to watch that and
this is the line this is a two-hour line
of folks waiting to give proof of life
to a wife or a husband or a father it's
rough
how's that feel
can I see your eyes can you move your
yeah it's this tough need out you know
so go back and tell that's why I'm here
brother back and tell them we need help
you tell the friends day
Tom aren't you I lost everything after
the storm blew through you flew down
here with a bag of satellite bomb Burt
first light we had a lot of folks in the
u.s. that were stepping up and
contributing and we decided the most
important thing was to establish
communication because we weren't hearing
from anybody
when is help coming i mooch off based on
that game there are a lot of people who
have promised to bring supplies but it
hasn't arrived yet the deputy mayor
tells me red tape seems to be their
biggest enemy relief efforts and hate
someone may be coming we're here and
we're trying to get those coordination
those clearances those orders to be
issued so we can get them because the
aisle and it's feeling this type of
pressure yeah and the tensions are
running high do you feel American had
moments like this do you feel neglected
in moments like this somewhere in
between I think I think we have to take
a deep breath and say you know we are US
citizens it's been a hundred years since
Woodrow Wilson in 1917 made us US
citizens it should mean something
and right now we are forgotten Island
and that shouldn't be for years the US
Navy used this island for target
practice until the locals got fed up a
better way to make it up to them by
storming the beaches with aid instead of
bombs this is something that needs and
requires someone who knows how to
distribute boots in the middle of almost
a warzone so you're making a plea for
martial law I am making a plea for
martial law I'm making a plea for for
having three four five days where we can
distribute these in what we can
distribute water we can give food I mean
it's been six days after the hurricane
and it's just a horrible scenario in
Puerto Rico I just did you tell my mom
okay different number Brittany moved
here from Brooklyn four years ago now
she's helpless because she has no cash
in a cash-only Society thank you
thank you money it won't let him get
money and I can't use my debit cards so
we're all screwed we're okay we're not
gonna dive it like there's no help this
is the only help Robert Becker is saved
everybody here
private citizens have come through for
us and no one else really has
