you said back here in Charlottesville
that those folks have a right to protest
why doesn't a furnace have his First
Amendment rights I think the NFL is in a
box I think they're a really bad box you
look at what's happening with their
ratings you look at what's going I mean
frankly the only thing that's doing well
in the NFL is the pregame because
everybody wants to see what's going on
the NFL is in a very bad box you cannot
have people disrespecting our national
anthem our flag or a country and that's
what they're doing and in my opinion the
NFL has to change or you know what's
going to happen their business is going
to go to hell
no not at all no no we have to respect
our National Anthem
we have to respect our country and
they're not respecting our country and
most importantly the fans agree with me
I mean largely the fans agree but we
have to show total respect for our
national anthem for a flag for our
country we have to do it and you can
there are plenty of places and there are
plenty personally when they're
protesting during a football game I
think they can find better places but
they cannot do it during the national
anthem
