it's interesting to see what the
president said before he was president
so here's a tweet from 2013 it's
relevant it was about the Redskins and
he tweeted then when he was just Donald
Trump presidents should not be telling
the Washington Redskins it changed their
name our country has far bigger problems
exclamation point focused on them not
nonsense
so I mean then you have to say well why
now why is he wearing in on the culture
why is he throwing a grenade into the
culture wars and you know a lot of
people have speculated it's the art of
distraction if health care isn't going
well
if the Russia investigation seems to be
encroaching on Paul Manafort time for a
culture war consistency has never been
his strong suit Allison and I think it's
just a pattern we've seen over the
course of the last nine months there
really hasn't been an effort to build
bridges it's been politically speaking
all about reinforcing the 46 percent who
gave him his victory
