secretary minuchin I know you're here to
talk about a lot of issues having to do
with tax reform and North Korea
sanctions etc we'll get to those in a
section but but I do want to get your
reaction to this president Trump seems
to be calling for a boycott of the NFL
he's also calling for players who take a
knee
to protest what they see as racial
inequities to be fired or suspended
what's your reaction to what we're
seeing at Wembley Stadium in London
right now good morning and great to be
here with you the NFL has all different
types of rules you can't have stickers
on your helmet you have to have your
uniforms tucked in what the president is
saying and I think the owner should meet
and they should vote on a rule this is
about respect for our military this is
about respect for our first responders
this is not about Republicans or
Democrats players have the right for
free speech off the field on the field
this is about respect for lots of people
and I don't understand why there's rules
that when the Dallas Cowboys wanted to
put stickers on their helmets out of
respect for people there they couldn't
do it but now the NFL is saying people
should be able to decide what they want
to do and disrespect the United States
flag well to play devil's advocate here
first of all these players don't think
they're disrespecting the United States
flag they think that they are engaging
in peaceful protest of what they see is
racial oppression and inequities and as
you know Roger Goodell the head of the
NFL and all a whole host of team owners
including Robert Kraft who is a friend
of President Trump have issued
statements supporting their players
right to do this and criticizing the
president's comments including Robert
Kraft specifically criticizing the
president's tone why is this a fight
that the president wants to have I don't
think it's a question of a fight that
the president wants to have he thinks
this is about respect for the military
and so many people who put their lives
at risk and what the country stands for
and the owner should meet and they
should decide on this rule the way they
decide on any other rule again you know
for as long as I can remember people
have stood in honor of the country this
isn't about politics if people want to
talk politics off the field when they're
not working for the NF
they have the absolute right to do that
all right I could do the whole interview
on this topic but there are some other
big pressing issues let's talk about
healthcare three Republican senators
john mccain susan collins rand paul have
expressed strong disapproval of the
gramm cassidy bill Rand Paul did open
the door this morning to backing the
bill if it undergoes a major change
getting rid of block grants is President
Trump if well let's talk about that
first of all is president Trump willing
to get rid of the Block Grant part of
this bill in order to win the support of
Senator Paul I I think the president
hasn't made any decisions on that what
the president has decided is Obamacare
is broken the taxes are going to start
hitting people the penalties are going
to start hitting people the premiums are
going up
Republicans have campaigned on repeal
and replace which the president is on
board and I think it's unfortunate that
last time it came down to one vote and
this time it's gonna be very close I
hope it passes if it does not pass is
President Trump
ready to work with Democrats to actually
do something to fix the problems in
Obamacare as you know there is a
bipartisan effort right now between
senators Alexander and patty Murray of
Washington State Senator Collins was
talking that up earlier today when she
suggested she would be in all likelihood
a no on Graham Cassidy is a bipartisan
approach the next approach if Graham
Cassidy fails I think the president's
always willing to work on a bipartisan
basis as you know we had an important
meeting in the Oval Office where the
president cut a deal right after the
Hurricanes I think we have I know we
have a meeting on taxes at the White
House on Tuesday with Republicans and
Democrats from the Ways and Means part I
think unfortunately the Democrats on
health care have put very high demands
on they don't want to change many
aspects of Obama care but to the extent
they're willing to come to the table and
fix it I think that's the president
would always listen to we're about
fixing Obamacare it's broken and it
requires people to do lots of things
that that they just shouldn't be forced
to do let's turn to the president's tax
agenda the president is expected to roll
out a tax plan on Wednesday
Axios is reporting that the plan would
cut the tax rate paid by the wealthy
Americans
from almost 40% to about 35% as well as
making dramatic reductions on taxes on
big businesses small businesses when you
were selected as Treasury secretary you
made a very specific promise it was
quickly dubbed the minuchin rule take a
listen
any reductions we have in upper income
taxes will be offset by less deductions
so that there will be no tax absolute
tax cut for the upper class can you
reassure me that there will be quote no
absolute tax cut for the upper class as
the manoosh enrolls still in effect I
did say that I just want to clarify it
was never a promise it was never a
pledge what it was and it is still it
was what the president's objective was
now we've been working with the
bipartisan leadership we look forward to
releasing the plan this week I think
what's important about this plan is it
creates a middle-income tax cut it makes
businesses competitive and it creates
jobs that's what this is all about and
as it relates to the high end you know
there's lots of changes we're getting
rid of lots of deductions we're trying
to get rid of state and local deductions
to get the federal government out of
subsidizing it and yes I can tell you
the current plan for many many people it
will not reduce taxes on the high end
let's start at North Korea you said on
Friday that new sanctions on North Korea
are not directed specifically at China
but a broader question given the China
is by far in North Korea's largest
trading partner and president Trump has
said the China needs to do more
shouldn't the sanctions be directed at
China well the President signed an
executive order is very very significant
it gives the Treasury more authorities
than we've ever had before it allows us
to block many transactions with anybody
that does trade or other significant
business with North Korea it gives us
the ability to block financial
institutions that facilitate the
president is very committed to blocking
economic transactions and that's what
this is all about all right
Treasury secretary Steve minuchin thank
you so much really appreciate your being
here sir great to be here thank you
