that significantly expands our
authorities to target individuals
companies financial institutions that
finance and facilitate trade with North
Korea as I outlined at my address to the
United Nations General Assembly North
Korea's nuclear weapons and missile
development is a grave threat to peace
and security in our world and it is
unacceptable that others financially
support this criminal rogue regime the
brutal North Korean regime does not
respect its own citizens or the
sovereignty of other nations a new
executive order will cut off sources of
revenue that fund North Korea's efforts
to develop the deadliest weapons known
to humankind the order enhances the
Treasury Department's authorities to
target any individual or entity that
conducts significant trade in goods
services or technology with North Korea
and I'm very proud to tell you that as
you may have just heard moments ago
China their central bank has told their
other banks that's a massive banking
system to immediately stop doing
business with North Korea this just
happened just reported in addition to
everything else what we will do is
identify new industries including
textiles fishing information technology
and manufacturing that the Treasury
Department can target with strong
sanctions and secretary minuchin is
representing the Treasury Department
he's here today to prevent sanctions
evasion the order also includes measures
designed to disrupt critic
North Korean shipping and trade networks
for much too long North Korea has been
allowed to abuse the international
financial system to facilitate funding
for its nuclear weapons and missile
programs the United States has had
representatives working on this problem
for over 25 years they have done nothing
that's why we're in the problem that
we're in today in addition to frankly
other countries not doing what they
should have done tolerance for this
disgraceful practice must end now a new
order will give the Treasury Department
the discretion to sanction any foreign
bank that knowingly conducts or
facilitates significant transactions
tied to trade with North Korea and again
I want to just say and thank President
Xi of China for the very bold move he
made today that was a somewhat
unexpected move and we appreciate it new
authority in this area applies to any
activity that occurs following my
signature on the executive order which I
have actually just signed foreign banks
will face a clear choice to business
with the United States or facilitate
trade with the lawless regime in North
Korea and they won't have so much trade
this new order provides us with powerful
new tools but I want to be clear the
order targets only one country and that
country is North Korea the regime can no
longer count on others to facilitate its
trade and banking activities many
countries are working with us to
increase economic and diplomatic
pressure on North Korea but I continue
to call on all those responsible nations
to enforce and implement UN sanctions
and impose their own measures like the
ones I'm announcing today I must tell
you that this is a a complete
denuclearization of North Korea that we
seek
cannot have this as a world body any
longer in just a few minutes Prime
Minister Abbey president moon and I are
going to discuss what more we can do
working together we've had a very very
close relationship I think our nations
have become closer because of this I
know it's going to be a great meeting
our alliance with South Korea and Japan
has never been stronger than it is today
we share a commitment to creating a
world where strong and independent
nations honor their people respect their
sovereignty respect the sovereignty also
of other nations and promote peace thank
you very much and I'd like to ask to
start off president moon to say a few
words please
the Chihuahua car no I recently we have
seen the provocation coming from the
Japanese our people must have gone
through a huge a big shock and I really
need to understand that the big concerns
a huge concerns of Japanese that people
may have because of this provocations so
I'd like to express the that I really
feel for the compassion for the Japanese
people in this regard the three leaders
have met at the g20 summit meeting in
July in Germany and we issued a joint
statement and through this joint
statement we also set a firm foundation
for close coordination among the three
countries based on which we are
cooperating closely with the
international community which imposes
sanctions and the pressure on the North
Korea and through the UN General
Assembly that the three leaders have
come together we had made speeches at
the General Assembly and the researcher
we met with leaders of the major
countries at the palate wrote and we
were able to enhance understanding about
the dis the sanctions and we was able to
urge to the international community
about this situation I think this is a
outcome that means welcome that the
three countries have made president
Truong just talked about the executive
order through which the u.s. is going to
be implementing sanctions on against the
DPRK and also there is a major
announcement made by the China to take
actions on DPRK I am very confident that
the such moves will contribute to
completed denuclearization of the DPRK
in desolate extend my appreciation to
the president Trump and I like to say
that Korea would closely coordinated
with the United States on this matter
through today's meeting I sincerely hope
that there will be a display of strong
solid leadership in coordinating our
responses for the North Korean issue and
I also look forward to engaging and in
that discussion sir for the solution
to North Korea nuclear and missile Prime
Minister Robi in the last three weeks
two times North Korea launched ballistic
missiles are two times going over Japan
and they conducted six nuclear tests and
the scale of the test was beyond the
scale of a Hiroshima bombs more than ten
times the scale of the ten nuclear test
it was ten times more this is
intolerable
outrageous actor thanks to Donald a
leadership we now have at the summit
meeting between Japan u.s. and Korea so
we our unity and the Solidarity the
strength of their offer could be
presented to North Korea this meeting is
indeed great as significant I'd like to
thank Donnell's a leadership recently UN
sanction was adopted unanimously
including very strict sanctions and I'd
like to thank the efforts of the u.s. UN
ambassadors from the United States and
the father efforts are needed and in
this context Donald just referred to
signing of the executive order new
executive order so we are going into the
new stage of a pressure from the
viewpoint of exercising stronger
pressure new pressures the I welcome the
new sanction measures of the United
States and I'd like to offer my
heartfelt the support for that bearing
in mind those measures between the three
countries we will have the collaboration
so that we will move toward the
abandoning of nuclear weapons and
nuclear program by in North Korea and
we'd like to lead into the next action
thank you thank you very much everybody
we are also going to be discussing trade
transactions and trade deals with
Japan and with South Korea and that'll
be very important but this is something
that obviously will take precedent so
thank you all very much for being here
we appreciate it we'll see you later
thank you
