I'm afraid there's not gonna be cell
service elliptical service and it's
coming some cases water for weeks or
months this was a devastating hit from a
category for 155 mile per hour storm
category five starts at 157 so split
hairs with me
so 155 miles per hour storm not that far
from Alma Cal or from where our reporter
was in Palmas Dalmar so it will zoom in
for you here this storm coming in right
very right here you can honestly see
that we don't have a radar for you
because they soon as the storm rolled
onshore it knocked out the Puerto Rico
radar and you can't just say hey let me
get Miami or let me get you know
Melbourne in Florida
there's just nothing out there once we
lost that one there was not another one
to be found here the Doppler radar at
the terminal where the airport is wasn't
working either
there's Puerto Rico the winds so
honestly I would say the entire island
saw hurricane force winds and much 2/3
of the island saw 100 mile-per-hour
winds so that's taking out power lines
taking down trees just putting damage
down that is unimaginable for a wooden
structure that's why we please ask you
to be in a a metal or some kind of
concrete building and I think most
people did they knew how bad this was
and also st. Croix was truly hit near
Frederiksted that's the area here as it
went over in the overnight hours in the
dark somewhere around 3 o'clock in the
morning we're going to see rainfall
we're gonna see 20 inches of rain and
that will cause flooding that may be the
biggest concern from where we are now
the eye is losing intensity we're down
to 145 miles per hour it's still
southwest of San Juan and we'll be
moving offshore probably in the next two
hours but where does it go from here
because for the entire time the models
were saying yeah it's gonna stay
offshore well overnight they kind of
changed their mind slightly now it's
still offshore but it's closer to shore
closer to shore close enough that
nowhere along the East Coast can be just
put this away and say it's not going to
hit us because this is still days away a
week away before it hits the US and let
me you know we know two-day forecasts
are about as good as we get not 7 or 9
day forecast in a hurricane
