president Trump's former campaign
chairman Paul Manafort at this hour
calling on investigators to release any
intercepts of his phone calls or other
communications he says put it out there
in a statement Manta Ford spokesman
writes mr. man affort requests that the
Department of Justice released any
intercepts involving him in any non
Americans so interested parties can come
to the same conclusion as the DOJ there
is nothing there
Pamela Brown is out front in Washington
tonight and Pamela you first broke the
news at mana fort was wiretapped and
obviously his team is angry about that
and so they're saying release the
records that's right this is the first
time that pop mana Ford is responding to
our exclusive reporting that he was
being surveilled by the US government
under a FISA warrant under a secret
court order at least two times and as
you pointed out mana Ford is now calling
for the Justice Department to release
any intercepts these conversations that
he had involving him to the public he's
asking DOJ to do that claiming that
there is nothing there and he wants the
public to judge and as I pointed out
this is the first time that he is
actually making his voice heard in the
wake of this reporting that he was under
surveillance by the US government both
before and after the election and during
that time frame he spoke to President
Trump he was his former campaign
chairman he spoke to him on the phone
and the same time frame that he was
under surveillance according to our
sources it's unclear at those
conversations were ever picked up as
part of this surveillance and also in
this statement errand man affort says
that the US Department of Justice's
Inspector General should conduct an
investigation into these leaks and
examine the motivations behind the
previous administration's efforts to
surveil a political opponent that is
also a line we have heard from the
current administration calling for leak
investigations manda fort was initially
put under surveillance for his ties to a
pro-russian regime in Ukraine and then
later for the FBI's investigation into
Trump campaigns associates and Russians
and any possible collusion today we
should note Aaron that Senator Grassley
of the Judiciary Committee told my
colleague Manu Raju on camera that mana
Ford has not been cooperating with his
committee he also said Manta Ford may
not meet with the Judiciary Committee
because
he was told he was facing indictment
during a raid on his Virginia home in
July Aaron
