unfortunately it continues to be quite
strong in fact it's even grown in
strength in the last couple of hours
sustained winds 165 and now the National
Hurricane Center does believe it will
make landfall in Puerto Rico most likely
just before that with these winds at 165
that would make this the strongest
hurricane in history to make landfall
the last time they had a category 4 1932
in 1928 they had a category 5 but
sustained winds were 160 so the cemetry
is what concerns me wolf the bright
purple it's got a well-defined core now
the only thing that could help us out to
lose any strength whatsoever is if this
system would undergo an eye wall
replacement cycle we talked about that
all the time with Irma and Harvey and if
it would do that then maybe you could
drop a good 15 miles per hour but that's
just 15 miles per hour we'll take it
devastated Dominica is that moved
through it was a tighter eye sometimes
those tighter eyes are more ferocious
and they're just wind makers this system
carries it very close to st. Croix could
put them in that eye wall in that front
white right quadrant where you do not
want to be but it looks like conditions
not only deteriorate in st. Croix we're
looking at a landfall around 8:00 or
9:00 in the morning tomorrow morning by
late tomorrow the tropical storm force
winds will have exited Puerto Rico and
we do have more warnings now in fact the
northern coast of Dominican Republic now
under a warning moments ago we have
watches now in effect for the Turks and
Caicos in the southeast Bahama Islands
so we do expect this storm system to
progress in this direction staying away
from the US coastline for now but the
warnings are in effect and again after
making landfall in Dominica we had
problems there are some power outages in
Guadalupe Montserrat as well but our big
concern tonight it's going to be st.
Croix and then conditions deteriorating
take a look at the storm surge it's
higher for the Lesser Antilles islands
for the US and British Virgin Islands
getting up seven to even 11 feet while
they're only looking at 69 I only say 6
to 9 feet in Puerto Rico some of that
has to do with the gradual sloping of
the ocean floor when you have a slow
slope it creates larger winds and of
course our waves that are pushed by
those winds the amount of rainfall could
be staggering and this high terrain as
well wolf we could easily see
up to 18 inches in some areas many live
along the coastline they don't want to
go to the mountain areas where the winds
are stronger and the rain will be
heavier so well this is definitely going
to pack a punch and we're watching it
every hour by hour
