once a lush island covered in rolling
green hills and pristine beaches now a
battered wasteland whipped by the
ferocious power event on the ground
trees have been shaken naked to their
bomb power lines have been toppled and
homes are left teetering on the edge of
this land now stripped bare Smith was
one of the lucky one saved yes we've
been out of here their next-door
neighbor's house a reminder of what
could have been completely destroyed and
that's kind of the way the one above us
is also you can see the the refrigerator
is in the living room the sliders last
door in this kitchen despite the
changing scenery and the destruction in
every corner Steve Smith isn't budging
this is iron perseverance he used to be
a little bit better there's just less
greenery and the destruction I'm seeing
is is horrible but yeah I'm not leaving
the reality may not sustain this
optimism here there's no water power and
selling the service the only signal this
building in the entire island
by the dock volunteers delivering
supplies are the only connection to the
outside world
there were also their first helping hand
arriving on shore days after Hurricane
Irma hit with water perishable goods and
food a resident of st. John is stained
but for now it's hard I mean a lot of
families have been here for generations
and this is their whole their whole
world so if you leave you know the
question is where do you go and and not
knowing what you're gonna come back to
is also a big concern a catch-22 only
further exacerbated by looting and
lawlessness but according to locals has
eased somewhat since the Navy and the
Coast Guard have been patrolling these
streets a much-needed presence for an
island that has always feared being
forgotten
he's a Suarez CNN st. John in the US
Virgin Islands
