the job that everybody has done is
incredible and I know you're also in the
process but to think of the incredible
power of that storm and while people
unfortunately passed it was such a small
number that no
we saw thousands and thousands of people
may have their lives as it as a number
is a very small number which is a great
community of folks go in the back that I
know in the case of Bhima in the case of
Coast Guard the job you've done in
saving people in saving lives as an
example in Harvey in Texas we talked
over 16,000 live and nobody would even
understand that to talk to even imagine
and down here the same thing so I want
to thank everybody you guys I mean I
don't want to see you next week in
another place okay we've seen you enough
but I just want to thank everybody the
first responders on behalf of myself our
vice president Melania really wanted to
be with us he's really it's really
texture hark what's gone on and we've
seen the devastation we're going to see
some more of it now unfortunately and I
have to say that you've got there
whereas our government here Rick Scott
the job he's done is incredible and I
guess I've been very lucky because you
know you have a great governor in Texas
you have a great governor the job that
Ric has done is being talked about all
over and to think that and I was a
Florida Power light where's Eric Eric
where's Eric career are way ahead of
schedule there are more electrical
people in this state I think that ever
accumulated anywhere in the world is
what I read before it's from all over
the country they came and I mean I've
never seen you've never seen anything we
have mobilized all over I see Pam Bondi
who's done such an incredible job
stopping certain little problems before
they start
and actually getting some of the
companies to put up a lot of money now
so the Attorney General I want to thank
you man and ways off bro don't lose them
okay
I have to say that Brock working with
you governor working with Pam working
with Elaine working by the way with
Marco Rubio who's around here somewhere
15 like very few people have seen and I
want to thank everybody mark I want to
thank you a lot
you were really helpful and I just again
I have to say that what do I know but I
hope this man right here rick Scott runs
for the Senate I don't know what he's
going to do but I know that at a certain
point it ends for you and we can't let
it end so I hope he runs for Senate who
know I came down to say hello to you say
hello to you folks as the first lady of
myself this is an honor for us to be
here we're now going to tour some of the
areas and as Rick said we have been very
very fast and we had to be we were
signing papers as the storm was coming
in
and that's never happened before thank
you very much for the great job and rock
everybody thank you very much very
they would help I want to thank Mike
Pence he is in fact follicular
Thank You mr. president first lady
honored to be with you today just to pay
a debt of gratitude for the great
leadership here at the state and local
level and how the president directed the
full resources of the federal government
the support florida's effort to prepare
for and confront and now recover and
rebuild from hurricane armor president's
directive over this weekend was very
clear wherever hurricane Irma goes we're
going to be there first
and thanks for the great leadership of
your governor and your emergency
management team and all of the great
first responders on the ground that's
exactly what Florida did and as the
president has said we're with you today
we're going to be with you tomorrow and
we're going to be with you until Florida
rebuilds bigger and better than ever
before very important subjects so your
power is I mean literally Rick is going
on as we speak it's going way ahead of
schedule weeks ahead of schedule and
much of it most of it I guess outside of
the keys where we have a very special
problem that were working hard of that
that's a very very special problem that
was just it's and
and but we're working very hard on that
and grab a lot of goods out there a lot
of water a lot of food a lot of
everything but I'd like to ask your
governor to say a few words again he's
an absolutely outstanding thank you Rick
well first of all I want to thank
everybody for their prayers we have
we've had prayers all over the world I
want to thank everybody for doing
everything they can to get it back I
want to thank the prison the vice
president what I can tell you is they
were always accessible
they made quick decisions they surround
themselves with upstanding people they
were constantly calling me to say what
resources do we need
I want to thank that basically the
entire military I would like the Coast
Guard the Navy victory Zuko I think
brought the history of law they were
always calling to say what resources can
we bring to the table as you know our
state's been devastated I was in the end
the keys you go the keys there's meat
exists there were nine foot storm surges
their homes just toppled we are where if
we don't lose a life down here in the
this part of the state we got a lot of
flooding a lot of wind a lot of rain
we've got putting up in the Northeast we
are working hard to get our power back
on we've restored over already chosen
for over four million homes already
we're down to about 25 several homes and
we every person ok what's our power back
we all want our power back I want that
nipple what they're doing so far we have
high expectations we wanted power back
was past o'clock I want to act the
federal government for all their support
in airports reopens we get our fuel back
interstate we're short of fuel we've got
lines in there gas station we're still
at large our gas station but the federal
government has been a partner to help us
make sure a ports can open so we get the
fuel back in the state we've done law
enforcement escorts of our trenton our
tanker trucks to get back to the gas
station make sure we have fuel so
everybody has worked hard on my vector
National Guard's we called up over a
National Guard members we've got
National Guard members of other states
down here making sure we're shelters
were open people were comfortable we
opened almost 600 shelters its
Children's in record time it wouldn't
happen but for the Red Cross Salvation
Army the National Guard but also
National Guard Father's Day so we have a
lot of work to do this is not we're not
done today we're going to work hard I
know the federal government will
continue to be a partner tour locals
will our state will want to make sure
we're continuing a strong resilient
state right the only thing from the
bottom I heart everybody's prayers help
us get through this we are now going to
be making the tour of the areas we're
going to see some of the folks and make
sure they're happy because we're trying
to keep them as happy as we can under
the circumstances in many cases they
lost their homes and it's a tough
situation so we're going to go see a lot
of the folks and
I will tell you again I want to thank
you I want to thank the military
distance so thank everybody and we'll
see you later
media we appreciate your being so
understanding it's been very tough here
it is done even for you folks and we
really do appreciate here understanding
this has been a difficult situation as
Rick goes almost all of the roads are
now open and the ports are just about
open what we had to do to get some of
those ports open people wouldn't even
believe that we did it so quickly so
we're very proud of the job that
everybody around has done thank you all
thank you very much we'll see you later
thank you
