Armagh is now the strongest hurricane to
ever plow into the leeward islands
yesterday we mentioned only hurricane
Allen from 1980 was stronger in recorded
history for the Atlantic by five miles
per hour
irma today however has surpassed Allen
by continuing to churn for over 24 hours
with winds above 180 Alan never did that
we are going to get in closer now and
take a look at this massive eye that was
23 miles in diameter
yesterday expected it to swallow up
Barbuda st. Martin Anguilla
communication is out power is out until
the back edge slides through these
islands aircraft will not be able to get
up to assess the damage from above
I'm sure civil emergency management
crews are on the ground trying to assess
the damage but we have had no contact
the system is moving at 16 miles per
hour remember Harvey only moved to 2 or
3 we could out lock it but on Barbuda if
you look at the winds gusts 118 27 131
151 154 155 and then the instrument
broke
that's how massive the storm is 4 to 6
foot storm surge on the northern coast
of Puerto Rico the center is now 55
miles from San Juan hurricane force
winds are spreading across the island so
again heavy amounts of rain mainly in
the mountainous areas could cause
obviously some landslides flash flooding
and a concern on the coastline warnings
now in the Turks and Caicos they're
expecting a storm surge of 20 to 25 feet
because they're going to be in the north
and northeastern quadrant that's where
the winds and the winds are going to be
a little stronger in those surf waves as
they crash into that area here is the
change now from last night until this
morning the National Hurricane Center
shifted the center notice where we have
our little category 4 in southern
Florida shifted about 60 to 70 miles
eastward they have left the cone of
uncertainty stretching west that gives
us that window if the system decides to
edge that direction but they also have
extended that cone of uncertainty
further eastward which may now tell us
if it's continuing to trend eastward
maybe we're looking at a landfall either
on a Miami along the east coast of
Florida or into the Carolinas let's
break it down a little closer for you
and look at these spaghetti plots
another change is this yesterday more of
the models mu
denne to cuba the higher terrain with
the mountains over 6,000 metres would
shred the system down and maybe break it
down to a category 2 most of the models
do not interact with Cuba now so it
sustains its strength over the very warm
waters still sometimes Saturday a turn
to the north and now with that shift
eastward
it looks like Monroe County miami-dade
right on Miami maybe even making its way
along the coast possibly back over water
around Cape Canaveral slides into
Savannah Georgia if I show you quickly
what the models are doing again let's
just go ahead and pull up the US and the
European they're on top of each other
right now let's put this into motion
you're going to see no interaction with
Cuba here is landfall near Miami it
continues to make its way northward both
models carry it back over water then
into Georgia and the Carolinas we've got
an interesting situation right now we're
setting up because we now have Jose back
behind the system as a hurricane and
another one but just to remind you of
what Matthew did along the coastline 15
billion dollars in economic losses and
that was just off the coast guess what
Katia just became a hurricane in the
southern Gulf of Mexico we have three it
has not happened since 2010 when we had
Carl Julia and Igor I believe it was but
Jose may become a major category follow
suit and come very close to those
northern islands again of the Lesser
Antilles before turning northward this
is getting crazy with
