we're back with our politics lead now
president Trump is pitching his tax
reform plan in North Dakota just one of
a slew of competing priorities the White
House is hoping to pass through Congress
earlier today the president quote
blindsided Republican congressional
leaders according to a Republican
official by quickly agreeing with
Democrats on a plan to tie funding for
Harvey recovery to a three-month
extension on the country's debt limit
and a stopgap spending bill the
Democratic proposal House Speaker Paul
Ryan had just hours before called
ridiculous which leads us to another
episode of is there a tweet for that is
there something in the vast reservoir of
Trump tweet archives that has him
criticizing the exact same thing he did
today you already know the answer here's
Donald Trump in 2013 quote the worst
negotiators in history otherwise known
as Republicans have just offered to
suspend debt ceiling for four months
pathetic CNN White House correspondent
Sarah Murray has more on a move that
blindsided the president's own party in
Congress we have a lot to discuss
including the fact that there's a new
and seems to be record-breaking
hurricane heading right toward Florida
in Puerto Rico with another hurricane
bearing down on the US president Trump
is reaching across the aisle to prove he
can strike a deal on disaster relief for
hurricane Harvey and avoid a fiscal
crisis we essentially came to a deal and
I think the deal will be very good
waiter very very cordial and
professional meeting Trump starting with
Democrats today we had a very good
meeting with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck
Schumer and ignoring the protests of GOP
leaders and Treasury secretary Steve
minutiae as he threw his support behind
bundling Harvey disaster relief with a
three-month proposal to raise the debt
limit and a three-month stopgap spending
bill everyone is in favor obviously of
taking care of that situation so we
offer a much agree Trump confirmed the
deal just hours after House Speaker Paul
Ryan panned the Democrats proposal on
the hill I think that's a ridiculous and
disgraceful that they want to pluck play
politics with the debt ceiling at this
moment Trump's move comes on the heels
of a meeting with
congressional leaders at the White House
on a day when Democrats had been
fiercely critical of the president the
wake of his decision to end the
so-called daca program president's
decision to end daca was heartless and
it was brainless hours after the Trump
administration announced it was ending a
program that protected young people from
deportation if they were brought to the
US illegally as children Trump appeared
to be looking for some wiggle room
tweeting Congress now has six months to
legalize daca if they can't I will
revisit this issue today Trump insisted
he wasn't muddying the waters Mexico
Congress I really believe wants to take
care of the situation and said he's
hoping to sign legislation that protects
the dreamers and be stopped border
security I'd like to see something where
we have good border security and we have
a great daca transaction where everybody
is happy as Trump navigates a jam-packed
domestic agenda
he's also juggling escalating tensions
with more Korea
he spoke today with Chinese President Xi
who's holding out hope North Korea will
back away from its nuclear weapons
program he's very much in favor of the D
nuke of North Korea and we're talking
about different things as for president
Trump he's still not ruling out a
military option
now the president was speaking in North
Dakota he referred back to that meeting
he had with congressional leaders
earlier today and insisted that everyone
left happy not too happy because you can
never be too happy in those scenarios
but insisting that both Republicans and
Democrats are fine with that deal Trump
is in North Dakota to sell tax reform
we'll see how eager Republicans are to
work with him after the stunt he pulled
at the White House today Jake all right
Sarah Murray at the White House let's
talk about the president agreeing with
congressional Democrats on how to move
forward with our panel Kevin Paul Ryan
this morning called the Democrats plan
to tie these hoods together ridiculous
and disgraceful fast forward a few hours
President Trump says deal shrewd what do
you think no I think it was totally
reflexive I was joking around with Nia
reminded me of when Cramer went in with
Jackie child's on the episode of
Seinfeld and they were supposed to get
$50,000 and all the free coffee and he
accepts the deal right as he says free
coffee and it just it seemed very
reactionary it was not very well thought
out there are a lot of people unhappy up
on Capitol Hill but there's also a sense
of resignation which is that's the deal
that we're going to have to go forward
with let's see what we can do and at
least maybe we can get some more floor
time now so that we can manage some of
the efforts on tax reform and then let's
put up this photograph that was caught
through the oval office window of
President Trump and Chuck Schumer there
it is it looks like they're goofing
around after this deal was cut and
actually you know there are a lot of
people who before the president took
office who thought these two probably
can work fairly well together they're
New York dealmakers Trump at one point
was a huge contributor to Chuck Schumer
and we saw that side of Trump today if
only briefly
well that's true he's probably also a
better time than Mitch McConnell so
perhaps there's a low bar you know he
may not feel that way president Trump
once he realizes that he was probably
rolled today by the Democrats who knew
that having two votes on the debt limit
means there's two votes that are must
pass pieces of legislation that they
have opportunities to try to attach
something like the DREAM Act to and
they've been pretty vocal about that
since this deal was cut but we'll see if
he says the same love and almost embrace
for Chuck Schumer
after he sees the coverage now the spin
that I'm hearing from the legislative
director of the White House is that this
move by the president clears the deck
for tax reform there is a case to be
made for that it clears the decks I mean
in there's this legislative logjam right
and so rolling all this stuff together
does clear the decks protection from a
number of things that have to get done
as well chip renewing that on defense
bill as well so the calendar is so
packed so yeah and that's what you heard
Mitch McConnell say to essentially say
that's the argument that the president
made and that's what they accepted you
know I think is some Republicans who
I've talked to said this is basically
emblematic of the president's distaste
for Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan he
essentially went into the Oval Office
and kicked them in the gut in Mitch
McConnell and somebody look like that
when he was talking today like this was
something that was very surprising to
him and so here he is now not only
cutting this deal immediately with
Democrats but then flying off to North
Dakota with Heidi Heitkamp in seeming to
suggest that this might be sort of a new
strategy cutting deals with Democrats
perhaps on daca as well so I mean we'll
see if this is a new strategy from this
president but Republicans I talked to
certainly not happy about it all right
everyone
