Hilary Clinton is taking ownership to a
degree for her stunning loss to Donald
Trump in the presidential campaign last
year now as you said her book is set to
be released next week but we purchased a
copy from a Florida bookstore late
yesterday and we did read it overnight
now she does accept more blame than she
has until now and said she takes
responsibility for a series of mistakes
but she also no surprise has strong
words for President Trump take a look at
this in one passage she writes still in
terms of fighting the previous war I
think it's fair to say that I didn't
realize how quickly the ground was
shifting under all of our feet I was
running a traditional presidential
campaign with carefully thought-out
policies and painstakingly built
coalition's while trunk was running a
reality TV show that expertly and
relentlessly stoked Americans anger and
resentment now she goes on to
acknowledge bluntly that she was a
lightning rod and blames that in part
because that she is a woman she says she
also writes about her relationship with
President Bill Clinton in ways we have
not heard her do so she says this there
were times that I was deeply unsure
whether our marriage could or should
survive but on those days I asked myself
the questions that mattered to me do I
still love him and can i still be in
this marriage without becoming
unrecognizable to myself twisted by
anger resentment or remoteness now of
course she also goes on to blame FBI
director James Comey for his role in the
election strong words for the Russian
president but in the end Chris and
Alison she says this I go back over my
own shortcomings and mistakes that were
made and I take responsibility for all
of them
