since the day I took office we've added
1.2 million private-sector jobs and a
lot more than that if you go from the
time we actually got elected November 8
including 125,000 manufacturing jobs and
we just had another very good month for
manufacturing and the jobs you probably
also there but if we're going to keep
this momentum going and allow the
economy to truly take off as it should
it is vital that we reduce the crushing
tax burden on our companies and on our
workers we pay the highest tax of any
country in the world on businesses and
we can't keep doing that
last week I repeated my principles the
tax reform first we must make the tax
code as simple as possible it's
extremely complex it's not fair and it's
extremely hard to understand so we want
to make it as simple as possible second
we must provide tax relief for
middle-class workers and families third
we must restore a competitive edge which
we've lost we're doing fine but we lost
the competitive edge you see what's
going on all over the world so we can
have real job growth throughout America
we can't be the jobs magnet of the world
if we continue to tax our industries at
rate 60 percent higher then companies in
other countries can't do it and finally
we must bring back trillions of dollars
that are currently parked overseas we
have in my opinion four trillion dollars
four trillion dollars massive amounts of
money that can't come back to our
country because of our tax code or
because of the race and this is more
than just tax reform this is tax cutting
to put in a very simple term we're going
to cut taxes we're going to reduce taxes
for people for individuals for
middle-income families we're going to
reduce taxes for companies and those
companies are going to produce
tax reform that follows these principles
will create millions of new jobs and
ensure that more products are stamped
with the very beautiful letters and
words made in the USA it's time to lower
our taxes bring back our wealth and make
America the jobs magnet that it can
become and pretty quickly it's really in
other words expression I don't know if
too many of you have heard it it's time
to make America great again has anybody
heard that expression I don't think so
that's what we're doing we'll make it
America great again you see it in the
numbers you see it with jobs you see it
with companies moving back in there
moving back in at very very big numbers
they're coming back into our country and
you haven't seen that for a long time so
we're very proud of that
so we're now going to discuss tax reform
and tax cuts and I appreciate you being
here thank you everybody very much thank
you
well I have a great heart for these
folks we're talking about a great love
for them and people think in terms of
children but they're really young adults
I have a love for these people and
hopefully now Congress will be able to
help them and do it properly and I can
tell you in speaking to members of
Congress they want to be able to do
something and do it right and really we
have no choice we have to be able to do
something and I think it's going to work
out very well and long term it's going
to be the right solution thank you very
much everybody
