John Sarah won't question that went
unanswered today was some 359 members of
the doctor program enlisted in the US
Army in 2016
their tour of duty would run standard
four years I would assume but their
doctor status would only last two years
if there's no fix by Congress before
March the fifth do you know what
happened to those people will they
become ineligible to remain in the
military or whether it be special
dispensation is that we have confidence
that Congress is gonna step up and do
their job this is something that needs
to be fixed legislatively and we have
confidence that they're going to do that
and we stand ready and willing to work
with them in order to accomplish
responsible immigration reform and that
would include daka's certainly part of
that process Republicans who believe
that getting something on the Republican
side it's not going to be easy that the
divisions that we see between the center
and the right and the Republican Party
will become only deeper what gives you
confidence with all due respect I don't
think the American people elected
Congress to do things that were easy
they elected them to make a government
that works to work properly and to work
for American people and that's their job
and if they can't do it then they need
to get out of the way and let somebody
else who can take on a heavy lift and
get things accomplished major in the
context of daca as a piece of
legislation would the president be
willing to sign only something that
addresses that or would it also need to
have components of the raise act would
there need to be funding for the border
wall or would he be willing to sign
simply simply addresses daca
legislature the president wants to see
responsible immigration reform and he
wants that to be part of it but again we
can't take just a one piece fix we've
got to do an overall immigration reform
that's responsible and frankly that's
lawful and that's what the president
wants to see Congress do the priorities
for him it
comprehensive reform package daca and
what else and certainly to control the
boat to control the border to improve
vetting and immigration security enforce
our laws and do things that protect
American workers the president's mind is
it an option you simply contain a North
Korea that possesses nuclear weapons
certainly the priority of the
administration is to have
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
and it's also to protect American
citizens but certainly the priority
would be that Congress hasn't been able
to really do much at all this year what
gives him confidence that they're going
to be able to act the integration hasn't
spoken to any congressional leaders
since making this decision he's spoken
to a number of leaders but hopefully as
you guys all know they just came back
from a three-week vacation I think that
they should be rested and ready to take
on some big challenges that America
faces the lives of 800,000 because it's
Congress's job to legislate it's not the
president's job to to create law it's
not it's it's Congress's job to create
legislation I think that's something we
all learned in eighth grade civics I
know I certainly did and I think that
every member of Congress should know
that that is their duty and we're asking
them to fulfill it it's pretty simple I
think that the American people elected
them to do it and again if they can't
then they should get out of the way and
let somebody else take their job that
can actually get something done Steve
what consideration are you giving to
negotiations with North Korea over them
look I think in terms of negotiations
we're looking at putting aggressive
measures both diplomatically
economically and as we've said all
options are on the table and we're going
to continue to push for a safer and a
nuclearized
Korean Peninsula and that's that's the
priority here Jim it sounds like the
president is saying you're saying that
if we're going to allow the dreamers to
stay in this country we want a wall is
that accurate
IIIi don't think that the president's
been shy about the fact that he wants a
wall and certainly something that he
feels is an important part of a
responsible immigration reform package
why did the president not come out and
make this announcement himself today why
didn't he leave it to his attorney
general it's his decision these kids and
their lives are on the line because of
what he's doing it's in large part a big
part of the legal process this was
deemed illegal by I think just about
every legal expert that you can find in
the country including many of Obama's
own attorneys said that this was not
lawful program and therefore it would be
the Department of Justice to make a
legal recommendation and that's what
they did would the president sign a
standalone extension again I've
addressed this the president is hoping
to work with Congress on responsible
immigration reform and I laid out the
priorities that the administration has
on that front
the president voiced and you voiced some
some objections to the constitutionality
of daca where does the president stand
on the program itself i I think that in
the answers that I've given is that the
president has been and I think part of
the reason that this is complicated and
one of the reasons he's wrestled with
this back and forth in large part is
because this is not an easy one and
certainly something where he wants to be
able to make a decision with compassion
but
at the same time you can't allow a
motion to govern and this has to be
something where the law is put in place
and it's something that he would support
if Congress puts it before him
responsible immigration reform we can't
just have one tweak to the immigration
system we need really big fixes and big
reform in this process and we've laid
out the principles that we feel are
important sorry John Decker expressed
sympathy for the daca recipients today
we heard a statement from House Speaker
Paul Ryan who said that these so-called
dreamers have done nothing wrong was
this a difficult decision for the
president to take this drastic action
given what he said as recently as
February and does he agree with House
Speaker Paul Ryan that these individuals
800,000 individuals have done nothing
wrong I think largely yes and and that's
why I said it was one of the things that
the president wrestled with this
decision all throughout the weekend so I
kind of addressed that well no I mean I
think we've been clear throughout the
process there wasn't a final decision
made until over the weekend because of
the back-and-forth and the complexity of
the issue and the ability to make the
right decision and allow Congress to
actually do their job and provide a fix
instead of just stopping the program and
that was a big point for the president
Jordan you mean when you say the
president wants to act regarding
compassion
we regard to these doctoral Cypriots
does that mean offering them a pathway
to citizenship I think it means
providing a more permanent solution
that's done through the legislative
process done legally and responsibly
unlike the previous administration
solution does that mean like giving them
legal status legislatively like what is
the permanent solution that I think
that's something we want to work with
Congress to determine exactly what that
looks like but there has to be something
needs to be done it's Congress this job
to do that and we want to be part of
that process and make sure that there is
a fix put in place and that this isn't
ignored like it has been for the last
five years get it done by the March of
the deadline considering the president's
personal feelings about these daca
recipients we consider giving them
additional time to get a solution passed
we'd like to have confidence that
Congress will actually do their job
we're gonna ask that they do that and
that they allow us to work with them and
be part of that process but again if
Congress doesn't want to do the job that
they were elected to do then maybe they
should get out of the way and let
someone else do it Stephen we referred
to dr. recipient says illegal aliens and
at one point he intimated
hundreds of thousands of Americans did
not get jobs that were taken by doctor
recipients does the president share that
view
I think that it's a known fact that
there are over four million unemployed
Americans in the same age group as those
that are daca recipients that over 950
thousand of those are African American
in the same age group over eight hundred
and seventy thousand unemployed
Hispanics in the same age group those
are large groups of people that are
unemployed that could possibly have
those jobs but again we're looking for
fixes we're not looking for complaints
but we're looking for solutions and
that's our focus moving forward with the
idea that hundreds of thousands of
people if the president gets what he
wants
would achieve legal status had it how do
you reconcile those two competing
interests well I think one of the first
things is the president is looking to
create a whole lot more jobs in America
so that it addresses both problems
there's a reason he's focused largely
since day one of taking office in
creating a better market for the
businesses to create jobs to hire more
people higher wages he's gotten rid of
over 800 regulations that have helped do
just that
1.2 million jobs have been created since
he came into office and every single day
we're looking for more ways to grow that
number and so we're doing our part to
address and create an environment that
allows people to have more jobs we're
gonna continue doing that kristan
president vowed to treat dreamers
great heart how is this move treating
them with great heart I think by
allowing and orderly process to take
place you know there's a lot of people
that I've seen attacking the president
for not showing the level of compassion
that they feel like he should to me the
most heartless thing that I've seen all
day today is that Democrats like Nancy
Pelosi are using this decision today for
fundraising while the president's trying
to fix this situation they are
politicizing an issue instead of
actually doing their job if they would
spend less time fundraising and more
time focusing on solutions we wouldn't
even be in this problem in the first
place it's not cold-hearted for the
president to uphold the law we're a
nation of law and order and the day that
we start to ignore the fact that we are
that then we throw away everything that
gives these people a reason to want to
come to our country if we stop becoming
the country that we were envisioned to
be then we throw away what makes us
special which makes America unique this
president's not willing to do that the
previous administration was this one
isn't but we want to have real solutions
we want to have laws that that address
these problems but it's Congress's job
to legislate not the president's and we
actually and we actually want to uphold
the Constitution and I think people
across this country should be
celebrating the fact that they have a
president that is standing up and
upholding the Constitution as he was
elected today
but quickly on danke - is the president
committed to honoring the will of
Congress essentially whatever Congress
passes on dr. dizzy reserve the right to
veto the doc affects if he feels that it
doesn't kind of holistically do what
you're talking about a bigger picture
absolutely want responsible immigration
reform and that would be part of that
package and part of that process
wondering to that perspective whether he
still believe sanctions can be effective
and if he has any plans you could share
with us to talk with the Chinese
President or the Russian President
himself look that we've been clear about
what our priorities are that now is not
the time for us to spend a lot of time
focused on talking with North Korea but
putting all measures of pressure that we
can and we're going to continue through
that process we've also said that
everybody including Russia including
China need to do more to address the
threat this is a global threat and
everybody needs to take part in putting
pressure on North Korea and as we've
said many times before both secretary
Madison the president that all options
are on the table and we're going to
continue to keep them on the table until
we get the results that we're looking
for Sarah the president has said if the
daca recipients should rest easy
said on several occasions that he loves
them is he giving them his personal
assurance that at the end of six months
they will not be deported
I think he is giving Congress the
ability to do their job I've said that
earlier that they should rescue look the
president gave the ability for us to
have a six-month process for Congress to
actually step up and fix this problem
and they certainly have the ability to
and certainly should take that
opportunity during the other immigration
moves that the administration has made
you made the argument that the
president's powers over immigration are
very very broad and unquestioned why in
this case does he feel he can't do
anything by himself and he has to turn
it over to God that was a specific
statute within the Constitution that
allows the president to take action to
protect Americans these are two very
different things and certainly not
apples to apples John Gizzi
two questions on daca Tuesday Kansas
secretary of state Kris Kobach a close
ally of the president's denounced the
decision because of the six-month delay
in it and said there should be no
phase-out it should have been
implemented in media
what's your response to that criticism
from a strong supporter and Ally okay I
think our response is pretty clear the
president made a decision and we feel
very much that it was the right one
something is that you talked about four
million jobs that could go to other
people has the president ever discussed
this part of daca with some of the
leaders of organized labor to try to
involve them in the process President
Trump of the afl-cio president of the
Teamsters and others that they've worked
with I'm not sure about specific
conversations on that exact figure but I
do know that he has had conversations
with individuals and relevant
stakeholders in this process on both
sides that know that that is an issue
whether Daka existed or not the fact
that there are four million people in
this age group that are unemployed and
certainly why creating a better job
market is a priority for the
administration Fran Chester asked they
don't know that we heard back here the
rest of your answer you said that the
reason that Attorney General Jeff
Sessions put out the earlier statement
on camera was because it was a legal
argument but a lot of what we've been
talking about in here is a legislative
argument why don't we not heard from the
president directly on this day and can
we expect to hear from him later today
on this you have heard directly from the
president he issued a pretty lengthy
statement directly from the president I
was it Attorney General Jeff Sessions
that that went on camera when the
president hasn't
cameras to make this case today about
what a big party has and how
compassionate he is and how he wants
Congress to take legislative action on
this to essentially save dog the
president spoken about this numerous
times in the past but at the same time
this was a legal issue because there was
a court decision that had to be made
with a timeline not placed that the
administration created but a timeline
that was created by the Attorney
General's in those states that were
forcing this issue in this decision to
take place by today it was a legal
decision and that would fall to the
Attorney General and that's why he would
be the one making the announcement Peter
I believe he has had several
conversations with enrollees and those
that have been part of the program tell
something about that and what context
and what conversations look again I
think that the president's goal was to
talk to a lot of people on both sides of
the issue and one do what it takes to
uphold the law of hold the Constitution
but also allow Congress to create a
permanent solution and fix the problem
which he's done by allowing for that
six-month period recently as part of
this recent deliberation I again I'm not
sure on the exact timeline but I know he
has had many conversations with people
on both sides of this issue certainly
people that support keeping it as is and
those that support right again I like I
said he's I know had conversations with
people that have been part of the
program Catherine
wrestle with this additional weekend he
won't go through any of the process he
went through to get to this when he make
decisions
yeah he made the final decision over the
weekend and as I said he spoke to many
relevant stakeholders and individuals
that support a variety of positions on
this program we'll continue to keep you
guys posted I think the ultimate goal is
as Congress is coming back into session
to talk about some of the big priorities
certainly tax reform immigration reform
among many other things that are going
to be on the agenda for the Fall the
president's basically told Congress to
do things but he hasn't written any
legislation similar to how he approached
I didn't know it was the president's job
to write out specific details of
legislation and I think that other for
exactly what your initiatives have taken
a greater role in helping to craft that
legislation they found friendly allies
in Congress to actually be the ones to
propose it but this president is not is
why it has he made that shift and does
he think it's is he reconsidering it in
light of the fact that some of the other
major pushes he's tried to make him not
been successful as we've laid out
detailed principles and we have worked
with members of Congress on specific
pieces of legislation and will continue
to do that
quick international question the
situation in Myanmar is quickly
escalating into a major humanitarian
crisis is the president been briefed
on the situation in Myanmar if so is he
planning to speak to any of their
leaders in the upcoming video about this
I know this is something that we're
monitoring closely but I am not aware of
any specific conversations that are
planned at this time but as always in
calls like that we will keep you guys
posted and put a readout after caecilian
enforcement but that's not a guarantee
of protection is this White House
willing to offer one those are certainly
again they're not a targeted priority
but the goal here is that Congress
actually fixes the problem and then that
isn't an issue and so that's the focus
over the next six months it's making
sure that something takes place that
Congress does their job and a real
solution is implemented way to put this
in writing so that these 800,000 people
who are very fearful of ending up in a
country that they don't know have some
guarantee that in fact they won't be
deported in six months I think that the
statement that the president put out
earlier today is lays out what the
priorities are and lays out what the
focus of the administration is and that
if they are not targets they are not
certainly not priority targets of this
administration they weren't before and
they won't be now and again Congress has
six months which is a pretty long time
to get something done
and we hope they do and there's a
solution in that so that this isn't a
problem moving forward
wondering you mentioned that the
president spoken over the weekend or
increasing days to vary stakeholders we
need to talk to the attorney general's
office in Texas and they said they did
not get a heads-up or any you know
nobody conferring with them about this
did you all talk to the ten states and
are you positive that they are not so I
know that various members of the
administration have been in contact with
individuals in those states I'm going to
wrap here but I have one note - I have
one thing I'd like to just add the
president will be announcing the
donations that he will be personally
making to the various charities and
thank you to those of you that have
submitted we had several people put in
submissions and he'll be doing that
tomorrow and again I know there were a
lot of questions over the weekend that
will be a personal donation of a million
dollars from the president to various
organizations and charities many of
which came from this room so thank you
again for that hope you have a good
