they worried we left the dreamers we
love everybody sources tell CNN that
President Trump is expected to end an
Obama era program that protects young
undocumented immigrants who were brought
to the US as children from being
deported the issue one of the
president's core campaign promises I
want the children that are growing up in
the United States to be dreamers also
they're not dreaming right now president
Trump's plan would affect some 800,000
so-called dreamers studying and working
in the u.s. two sources with knowledge
of Trump's thinking tell CNN that the
president is planning to delay his
action for six months giving Congress
time to come up with a legislative
replacement to daca but a growing number
of Republicans are speaking out against
the move these kids don't know any other
home I think there's a humane way to fix
this I think President Trump agrees with
fixing this and it's got to be up to the
legislature there are 800,000 daca kids
kids who are brought across the border
the median age I think is six years old
for those 800,000 when they came across
the border they should not be punished
for the sins of their parents senator
Bernie Sanders says ending the program
would be one of the ugliest and cruelest
decisions ever made while Republican
Congressman Steve King praised it as a
chance to restore rule of law we're
going to deal with daca with heart I
have to do with a lot of politicians
don't forget and I have to convince them
that what I'm saying is is right the
daca situation is a very very it's a
very difficult thing for me because you
know I love these kids before leaving
the White House mr. Trump's predecessor
vowed not to remain silent if he went
after dreamers efforts to round up kids
who have grown up here in and for all
practical purposes our American kids and
send them someplace else
when they love this country getting an
outcome on daca has been made all the
more urgent due to a threat by ten
attorneys general to take the case to
court if there's not a decision from the
administration by tomorrow September 5th
there are no events so far on the
president's public schedule today
