they're with their parents it depends
but look it sounds cold and it sounds
hard we have a country our country is
going to hell the dreamers having to do
with children and you know the dreams of
children and these are people that come
over the country the dreamers and I said
what about our children our children I
want the children that are growing up in
the United States to be dreamers also
they're not dreaming right now we will
immediately terminate President Obama's
to illegal executive amnesty
under daca that we already have people I
think military is a very special thing
if they plan on serving if they get in
I would absolutely hold those people now
we have to be very careful we have to
vet very carefully everybody would agree
with that
they shouldn't be very worried I do have
a big heart we're going to take care of
everybody we're going to have a very
strong border we're gonna have a very
solid border where you have great people
that are here that have done a good job
they should be far less worried some
absolutely incredible kids I would say
mostly they were brought here in such a
way it's a very it's a very very tough
subject we are going to deal with daca
with heart
