senator what makes you think that you
can win your Republican primary in your
state with the president attacking you
and you going after him the people in
Arizona tend to elect independent minded
principled senators Barry Goldwater John
McCain I think the voters here expect me
to have my own franchise to represent
them not to be a rubber stamp for the
president so I'm quite comfortable being
where I am I would hate to be tethered
to any president Republican or Democrat
in every position they take that's not
what a senator is supposed to do but
Senator 88% of Republicans in your home
state of Arizona voted for Donald Trump
in November you might be right about the
general voters in Arizona but we're
talking about an intra Republican war
that it one of the battlefields is right
there and you're leading the charge
against the Trump the Trump voters no
that's not that's not the case
what I'm doing is voting on a
conservative basis that's my philosophy
I will support the president when I
believe he's right I've supported many
of the agenda items that he's put
forward I'll oppose those that I think
he's wrong on
