it was an iconic moment during the final
minutes of President Obama's time in
office looking through an oval office
window as he slipped a handwritten
letter for Donald Trump into the
resolute desk addressed to mr. president
two days later President Trump spoke
about that letter I just went to the
Oval Office and found this beautiful
letter from President Obama it was
really very nice of him to do that and
we will cherish that we will keep that
and we won't even tell the press what's
in that letter president Trump has since
shown that letter to his White House
visitors and now for the first time CNN
has an exclusive look at the contents of
that special letter and it reads in full
as following dear mr. president
congratulations on a remarkable run
millions have placed their hopes in you
and all of us regardless of party should
hope for expanded prosperity and
security during your tenure this is a
unique office without a clear blueprint
for success so I don't know that any
advice for me will be particularly
helpful still let me offer a few
reflections from the past eight years
first we've both been blessed in
different ways with good with great good
fortune not everyone is so lucky it is
up to us to do everything we can to
build more leap more ladders rather of
success for every child and family
that's willing to work hard second
American leadership in this world really
is indispensable it's up to us through
action and example to sustain the
international order that's expanded
steadily since the end of the Cold War
and upon which our own wealth and safety
depend third we are just temporary
occupants of this office that makes us
guardians of those democratic
institutions and traditions like rule of
law separation of powers equal
protection and civil liberties that our
forbearers fought and bled for
regardless of the push and pull of daily
politics it's up to us
to leave those instruments of our
democracy at least as strong as we found
them and finally take time in the rush
of events and responsibilities for
friends and family they'll get you
through the inevitable rough patches
Michelle and I wish you and Melania the
very best as you embark on this great
adventure and know that we stand ready
to help in any ways which we can good
luck and Godspeed Bo Barack Obama
