Virginia we're so sorry for your losses
can't imagine what your family must be
going through right now are you holding
up um we're not holding up good we're
not we're devastated I can only imagine
walk us through what happened yesterday
I understand your brother-in-law was in
the car with your in-laws and their four
grandchildren they are trying to escape
the rising water what happened next well
they they were in the van they were
driving and he said as soon as he got
over the bridge and made started making
that turn the current just took lifted
up the van and started pointing it
towards you no into the water it just
took off just took the van and he
commanded he had his window down so he
managed to get out the window and then
he he tried to to get around the van but
he couldn't it was too strong the
current was too strong so he grabbed
onto a tree limb and he was telling the
kids and my in-laws to open the door
open the door get out and he said they
couldn't do it they couldn't get out and
it was so fast you said he couldn't he
couldn't do anything the the van went
under the water that was a just left
there hanging and that it was there for
he doesn't know how long you think he
felt like it was like 45 minutes or
something just hanging there and then
some guys came by a shared apartment
they rescued him how did you find out
what happened he actually called my
husband and my husband answered the
phone and my husband said he was like so
you didn't understand it it's like a
robot like they're gone you know and he
said what are you talking about I could
mom and dad they're gone because what do
you mean they're gone where are they
where'd they go just know they're dead
he said what where's the kids because
they're gone too and then my husband
dropped the phone
it's a miracle started screaming no no
no and so I ran over them I picked up
the phone I said what happened tell me
what happened he goes they're gone I
said who's gone what's gone what are you
talking about because mom again is
they're gone they said what happened
because they were in the van I said
where's my babies because they're
contract that's what are you talking
about what are you talking about because
they're gone - they're dead they drowned
they went down in the van I said no you
can't be telling me there no I said
where are they tell me where they are
he said there they're over there in the
bayou and green fire and I said I said
green do I go where's where part what
part of green fire he goes right there
in the back of the neighborhood Green
River I said right there by by the by
the store and Stephanie said yes but oh
my god oh my god oh my god because I'm
so sorry I'm so sorry just kept telling
me so sorry because I was trying to do a
good thing I was trying to save all of
them because I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
and then I don't remember if he hung up
or I hung up or whatever because then I
was just screaming and crying I was hi
yeah I didn't know what what was going
on after that
