Cedar Bayou now almost 52 inches of rain
and Chris I think cedar Bayou would be
52 but the rain gauge failed while it
was still raining so 50 1.88 that will
probably be the record because the rain
now has stopped thank goodness it has
already stopped finally stop the rain is
still though raining in orange Orange
Texas Beaumont Port Arthur seeing an
awful lot of rain Orange you picked up
almost 12 inches of rain overnight and
that's just in the past six hours the
rain is going to continue you had to you
talked about this Gris two areas one to
the east and one right over where the
eye is or the center of the tropical
storm that is where the rain will be
again the heaviest for today now let's
get to this story about the attics and
the Barker reservoir when they take you
to Google Earth's Houston proper right
through here and we talked about this
Buffalo Bayou it goes right from Houston
right into these two reservoirs the
reservoirs were built because in back in
1940 those 250,000 people living in
Houston and they said let's hold the
water back cuz this is farmland
well it's no longer farmland people live
there there is attics right here and
what we have we have a hundred and
fourteen feet above sea level right
there damn up here it's 108 here it's
one 1/4 so the waters not pouring over
here the waters pouring around the dam
this way because right now the level is
109 if the top of that levees 108 and
the waters 109 you kind of understand
what's going on there now let me take
you to the reservoir itself there are
people that have built homes here they
allow them to build homes inside the
reservoir and these homes are flooded
2500 homes are flooded some of them up
to 5 feet deep they build homes instead
of a lake
