now to CNN's Monty Roger tell us what
you're learning about these emails that
are now under multiple investigations
mano a Brianna we are learning now that
the President on three separate
occasions discussed this hotel and
condominium project in Moscow with his
attorney Michael Cohen now that is
according to a report in Bloomberg in a
separate Washington Post report now says
Ann in January 2016 Cohen wrote an email
to one of Vladimir Putin's most trusted
aides Dmitry Peskov to know that the
talks between the two over the project
have stalled and this would mark the
highest level discussion between the
Kremlin official and a trump official
that we know of today now the man who
was trying to broker this Moscow deal as
a man by the name of Felix Seder a
Russian American businessman an
associate of the president now sailor
says in a 2015 email obtained by the New
York Times that quote our boy can become
president of the USA and we can engineer
it saying he would get the Putin's
team's buy-in for the project
now Brianna Cohen is now downplaying the
matter in a statement to CNN saying
today that in late January 2016 I
abandon the Moscow proposal because I
lost confidence that the prospective
licensee would bring the proposal to
fruition it was a building proposal that
did not succeed and nothing more Cohen
also said subsequently to CNN that he
sent an email to that Putin aide Peskov
regarding the Moscow project saying it
was an email that went unanswered and
nothing else and he also told
congressional investigators that that
sailor actually made that recommend
recommendation to reach out to that
Putin aid but Brianna all these
developments undercut the president's
regular claims that there were no
business dealings whatsoever with Russia
yeah they certainly do and Monti this
isn't the only email that's under review
that shows an attempt to connect the
Trump campaign with Russian officials
right yeah that's right Brianna last
week CNN reported about an email from a
top Trump aid Rick Dearborn turned over
to the hill that showed him relaying a
message from an individual from West
Virginia who wanted to set up a meeting
with a Trump campaign and Vladimir Putin
now cNN has learned that the West
Virginia man is a 54 year old contractor
named Rick clay who also informed GOP
senator Shelley Moore Capito he wanted
to talk to the campaign about Russian
contacts now clay told me that he was
simply trying to
his own message from a friend who works
with Christian organized organizations
who had been in contact with Russians
who wanted to discuss quote shared
Christian values with the campaign
Dearborn we were told rejected the
requests and said it should go through
the State Department but intelligence
officials say Brianna this is a growing
practice of Russian intelligence to try
to build alliances with conservative
groups to try to penetrate the political
system now that's uncertain if that's
what happened here about something that
investigators will have to look into
further Brianna all right Monty Roger
thank you so much we have our eye
