austan that this is your first time in
this neighborhood right let's stand up
here a little bit if we can and try to
figure out a way to talk to Austin while
we well he maneuvers his way can do you
mind if we talk to you
Austin you're from you're from Lake
Jackson which isn't that isn't that
close to here
yeah it's about an hour west of here
wedding 2004 what how did you hear this
news what what made you want to bring
your boat out here well I don't remember
if it was the game wardens office or
just the local police but they put a
thing out on Facebook saying that you
know anybody with the flat bottomed boat
in the general vicinity if you could
come help you know we'd greatly
appreciate it so that got from what I
saw you know within an hour it had like
three thousand shares or something like
that so it got the word out pretty quick
we're standing there on the interstate
and that's where I first met you a
couple hours ago and we saw everybody
you know just the boat started coming
out of nowhere it seemed like oh yeah
it's been unreal I mean I've been passed
by dozens upon dozens of boats and you
know this is a huge area so God knows
how many there are out here and you've
already rescued about a dozen people
what is that that's like that's one of
those National Guard truck that's kind
of what I was thinking the first time I
saw it I saw that earlier and that's
kind of eerie
what were the the people that you've
rescued from here what did what did they
tell you what were their stories well
the first people I pulled out it was a
wife and her husband and their daughter
and they I don't know how they got as
far as they did I picked him out or
picked him up closer to the entrance in
the neighborhood and I said is there any
way we can go back and get our dogs I
said yeah we can go come back and get
your dogs let me drop your wife and
daughter off first and then the other
people they woke up this morning at 5:30
and stepped out and then knee deep water
in the middle of their house and so they
had no idea no idea was coming and they
were lucky enough their neighbor across
the street was actually dry he built up
a little bit so they went over there and
we're camping out there and I just
happened to find him an hour two ago
