this is one of those subdivisions just
off of Interstate 45 that has been here
in the town of Dickinson that has been
flooded out by the floodwaters that came
in overnight and this is an area where
we have seen boats criss crossing and
you know the images here that you're
seeing speak for themselves is just how
devastating the floodwaters and this is
an area where people went to bed last
night thinking that they were going to
be high and dry in one of the areas
where they were gonna be better off to
withstand the intense rain that was
coming in the floodwaters that was
coming down but you can see just how
much water the folks in this
neighborhood have taken on so many
people with their own boats have been
coming through this neighborhood pulling
people out that actually right now it is
incredibly quiet in fact not many people
if maybe only a handful by this time in
the day have are still are still in here
we have seen a couple of rooftops where
you can tell people have used axes to
punch their way through the Attic and
onto the roof top of their homes and
crazy enough in some of these places you
can still see like the porch light is
still on in some of these in some of
these homes the electricity still on but
you can just see how much water is in
this neighborhood everyone almost every
car submerged water you can see when you
look in through the windows the
furniture tossed around in inside the
floodwaters this is a little
neighborhood just adjacent to interstate
45 in the town of Dickinson you know
what as odd as we said here in Drive
Austin was telling us you know you have
to be incredibly careful when you're
driving through these neighborhoods he
on one of his last trips through here
Frederica he said he got lodged on top
of a on top of a car that was hard to
see but here you know navigating we are
we are into the trees that is how high
we are here in this water probably seven
eight feet of water in some places as
you know every car you've seen you're
submerged countless cars submerged you
can see that the water inside the home
here you can actually see look it's over
here to your right
if we look at these cars you can see the
coolers where people were managing their
way trying to get to higher ground push
their cars closer to the edge of the
rooftop so they could climb from their
cars onto the onto the rooftops Coast
Guard teams have been coming into this
neighborhood as well throughout the day
fredericka and and rescuing people you
can see here we are at the top of the
street signs at the intersection of
meadow court and Meadow Lane here so you
can see just how much water and this is
going on and on through through all of
this you look back into the there's a
bayou that stretches throughout this
back part of this neighborhood and you
and you can you can see just how
dramatic the the pictures are here from
this neighborhood
