and just so you know from the Secret
Service
there aren't too many people outside
protesting okay that I can tell a lot of
people in here a lot of people pouring
in right now they can get them in
whatever you can do Fire Marshal will
appreciate it and I want to thank our
great Vice President Mike Pence for the
introduction as well as my friend dr.
ben Carson and thank you to a very very
special man Franklin Graham Reverend
Franklin Graham for leading us in prayer
and thank you to alveda King the niece
of the great dr. Martin Luther King
it really shows you that America is
indeed a nation of faith we know that
well I'm thrilled to be back in Phoenix
in the great state of Arizona
with so many thousands of hardworking
American patriots you know I'd love if
the cameras could show this crowd
because it is rather incredible it is
incredible
it is Incredibles everybody here
remembers this was the scene of my first
rally speech right
the crowds were so big almost as big as
tonight that the people said right at
the beginning you know there's something
special happening here and we went to
center stage almost from day one in the
debates we loved those debates but we
went to center stage and we never left
right it's all of us we did it together
you were there at the start you've been
there every single day since and I will
never forget believe me Arizona I will
never forget
and I'm here tonight to send a message
we are fully and totally committed to
fighting for our agenda and we will not
stop until the job is done
this evening joined together with
friends we reaffirm our shared customs
traditions and values we love our
country we celebrate our troops we
embrace our freedom we respect our flag
we are proud of our history we cherish
our Constitution including by the way
the Second Amendment
we fully protect religious liberty we
believe in law and order and we support
the incredible men and women of law
enforcement
and we pledge our allegiance to one
nation under God you always understood
what Washington DC did not our movement
is a movement built on love it's love
for fellow citizens it's love for
struggling Americans who've been left
behind and love for every American child
who deserves a chance to have all of
their dreams come true from the inner
cities to the rural outposts from the
Sun Belt to the Rust Belt from east to
west and north to south our movement is
built on the conviction that every
American from every background is
entitled to a government that puts their
needs first
it is finally time to rebuild our
country to take care of our people and
to fight for the jobs our great American
workers deserve and that's what we're
doing
after our amazing election victory The
Forgotten men and women remember we used
to talk about the Forgotten men and
women before the election guess what
they're not forgotten
anywhere anymore now they're not
forgotten anymore folks in fact they're
trying to figure you out they're saying
the obstructionists how do we get them
to vote for us I don't think that's
going to happen anytime soon we believe
that every American has the right to
live with dignity respect for America
demands respect for all of its people
loyalty to our nation requires loyalty
to each other
we all share the same home the same
dreams and the same hopes for a better
future a wound inflicted upon one member
of our community is a wound inflicted
upon us all you saw last night you saw
last night did anybody watch last night
when one part of America hurts we all
heard and when one American suffers an
injustice all of America suffers
together we're all together it's time
for us to follow the example of our
brave American soldiers and I was with a
lot of them last night
Fort Myers no matter where they come
from no matter what faith they practice
they form a single unbreakable team
that's what we are we're team as a
nation were tear they're all united by
their devotion to our country and to
their mission it's time for all of us to
remember that we are all in the same
team we are all Americans and we all
believe right now in America first
and it's happening and it's happening
fast I see all those red hats and white
hats it's all happening very fast it's
called make America great again you see
what's going on it's coming back very
fast we want every child to succeed
every community to prosper and every
struggling American to have a chance for
a better life what happened in
Charlottesville strikes at the core of
America and tonight this entire arena
stands United in forceful condemnation
of the thugs who perpetrate hatred and
violence
but the very dishonest media those
people right up there with all the
camels
so the and I mean truly dishonest people
in the media and the fake media they
make up stories they have no sources in
many cases they say a source says there
is no such thing but they don't report
the facts just like they don't want to
report that I spoke out forcefully
against hatred bigotry and violence and
strongly condemned the neo-nazis the
white supremacist and the KKK I openly
called for unity healing and love and
they know it because they were all there
so what I did
so what I did as I thought I take just a
second and I'm really doing this more
than anything else because you know
where my heart is okay I'm really doing
this to show you how damn dishonest
these people are
so here is my first statement when I
heard about Charlotte's ville and I have
a home in Charlotte so a lot of people
don't know here's the first can't
believe they haven't figured that one
out yet now they know now they finally
know but I just I don't want to bore you
with this but it shows you how dishonest
they are and most of you know this
anyway so here's what I said
really fast here's what I said on
Saturday we're closely following the
terrible events unfolding in
Charlottesville Virginia this is me
speaking we condemn in the strongest
possible terms this egregious display of
hatred bigotry and violence that's me
speaking on Saturday right after the
event
so I'm condemning the strongest possible
terms
egregious display hatred bigotry and
violence okay I think he can't do much
better right okay but they didn't want
to put this on they had it on initially
but then when they talked he didn't say
it fast enough he didn't do it on time
why did it take a day he must be a
racist it took a game
dishonest people
so here's here is me I hope they're
showing how many people are in this room
but they won't they don't even do that
the only time they show the Krauts is
when there's a disrupter or an anarchist
in the room
I call him Atticus because believe me we
have plenty of anarchists they don't
want to talk about the anarchists so
this is me it has no place in America
I'm talking about hatred bigotry and
violence it has no place in America
what is vital now is a swift restoration
of law and order and the protection of
innocent lives no citizen should ever
fear for their safety security in our
society and no child should ever be
afraid to go outside and play or be with
their parents and have a good time this
is me speaking
here's further this is on Saturday the
first one I did there's three times we
have to come together as Americans with
love for the nation and true affection
really and I say this so strongly true
affection for each other
I didn't say drew a fraction for you and
you I said for each other all of us all
of us all of us but they don't report it
they don't they just let it go above all
else we must remember this truth no
matter our color creed religion or
political party we are all Americans
first we love our country we love our
God we love our flag
then I went on this is my first segment
and they said remember they said well he
wasn't specific enough why was it any
more specific so in my second statement
I got really specific and they said why
didn't he do it faster he I'm telling
you folks look look I know these people
probably better than anybody and a lot
of people have a problem with it because
look what happens with them if they're
doing a story about me I know if it's
honest or false if you're reading a
story about somebody you don't know you
assume it's honest because it's like the
failing New York Times which is like so
bad it's up
or the Washington Post which I call a
lobbying tool for Amazon okay that's a
lobbying to offer Amazon or CNN which is
so bad and so pathetic and their ratings
are going down
right
but all the net where I mean CNN is
really bad but ABC this morning I don't
watch it much but I'm watching in the
morning and they have little George
Stephanopoulos talking to nikki Haley
right little joy and and he talks about
the speech I made last night which
Believe It or Not got great reviews
right they had a hard time they were
having a hard time because it was with
soldiers we were somber we were truthful
we were doing we were saying things and
it really did so he talked about it for
like that much then he goes let's get
back to Charlottesville Charlottesville
and Nicky was great she's doing a great
job by the way so now I say we have to
heal our wounds and the wounds of our
country I love the people of our country
the people all of the people it says I
love all of the people of our country I
didn't say I love you because you're
black or I love you cuz you're white or
I love you because you're from Japan or
you're from China or you're from Kenya
or you're from Scotland or Sweden I love
all the people of our country
so I said his mouth might this is by the
way folks this is my exact words I love
all the people of our country we're
going to make America great again but
we're going to make it great for all of
the people of the United States of
America and then they say is he a racist
is he erases then I did a second one
so then I did a second one don't bother
it's only a single voice and not a very
powerful voice
how did he get in here supposed to be
with a few people outside how about how
about all week they're talking about the
massive crowds that are going to be
outside where are they well it's hot out
it is hot I think it's too warm you know
they show up in the helmets and the
black masks and they've got clubs and
they've got everything and defy
so on August the 14th so that was it and
I said all people I love all people
everything right now I figure I'm gonna
do it again I'll be even more specific
so I said based on the events that took
place over the last weekend in
Charlottesville I'd like to provide the
nation with an update because that was
right after the event the first one
right an update on ongoing federal
response to the horrific attack and
violence that was witnessed by everybody
to anyone who acted criminally in this
weekend's racist violence you will be
held fully accountable justice will be
delivered so I said listen to that I
said that but they don't show that they
don't show it they talk they'll take one
thing like seriously he was late was the
best thing he was late so I said to
anyone who acted criminally in this
weekend's racist violence okay
then I go we must love each other show
affection for each other and unite
together in condemnation of hatred
bigotry and violence we must rediscover
the bonds of love and loyalty that bring
us together as Americans right then I
said racism is evil did they report that
I said that racism is evil
you know why because they are very
dishonest people so I said racism is
evil now they only choose you know like
a half a sentence here or there and then
they just go on to this long rampage or
they put on these real light weights all
around a table that nobody ever heard of
and they all say what a bad guy I am but
I mean do you ever see anything and then
you wonder why CNN is doing relatively
poorly in the ratings because they're
putting like seven people all negative
and trouble and they fired Jeffrey Lord
poor Jeffrey Jeffrey look I guess he was
getting a little bit fed up and he was
probably fighting back a little too hard
they said we'd better get out of here we
get her back and those who cause
violence in its name are criminals and
thugs including the KKK neo-nazis white
supremacists and other hate groups that
are repugnant to everything we hold true
as Americans now let me ask you can it
be any better than that in all fairness
and you know I mentioned that but to the
best of my knowledge when there was a
big problem Barack Obama never said it
took place because of radical Islamic
terrorists he never said that right he
doesn't have to say
you know why because they have a double
standard because the media is totally
dishonest and they have a double
standard you've never heard them say
that and in fact if you use the term you
get criticized but with me they wanted
me to say it I said it and I said it
very clearly but they refused to put it
on those who spread violence in the name
of bigotry strike the very core of
America these are my words this was on
Monday August the 14th see it's Saturday
yet Monday I mean I was going to do one
of these every week but you would never
get it right in time such as these
America has always shown its true
character responding to hate with love
division with unity and violence with an
unwavering resolve for justice then I
finished I said we will defend and
protect the sacred rights of all
Americans all is capitalized timez5 not
just you and we will work together so
that every citizen every citizen in this
blessed land is free to follow their
dreams and their hearts and to express
the love and joy in their selves ok now
I mean
so so they were having a hard time with
that one because I said everything I hit
him with neo-nazi I hit him with
everything I I got the white supremacist
the neo-nazi I got them all in there
let's say yeah KKK we have KKK I got him
on so they're having a hard time so what
did they say
right it should have been sooner he's a
racist it should have been soon okay so
it should have been so then the last one
on Tuesday Tuesday I didn't know we
condemn in the strongest possible terms
this egregious display of hatred bigotry
and violence it has no place in America
but they also said that he must be a
racist because he never mentioned the
driver of the car who is a terrible
person drove the car and he killed
Heather and it's a terrible thing but
they said I didn't mention so these are
my words the driver of the car is a
murderer and what he did was a horrible
inexcusable thing they said I didn't
mention and then they asked me just to
finish it they asked me what about race
relations in the United States
now I have to say they were pretty bad
under Barack Obama that I can tell you
but but they asked me the question and I
said well I think jobs can have a very
big and positive impact I think if we
continue to create jobs like I've done
over 1 million since I've been in office
way over well I think if we continue to
create jobs at levels that I'm creating
jobs I think that's going to have a
tremendously positive impact on race
relations I do I do
and the other thing very important I
believe wages will start going up
because we now have the lowest
unemployment rate we've had in 17 years
so you're going to see rages go up but
they haven't gone up for a long time I
believe wages now because the economy is
doing so well with respect to employment
and unemployment
I believe wages will start to go up and
I think that will have a tremendously
positive impact on race relations
so that was my words now you know I was
a good student I always hear about the
elite you know the elite they're elite I
went to better schools and they did I
was a better student than they were I
live in a bigger more beautiful
apartment and I live in the White House
too which is really great
I think you know what I think we're the
elites they're not the elites so the
point is and I didn't want to bore you
because you understand where I'm coming
from you people understand but the point
is that those were three different there
were two sabers in one news conference
the words were perfect they only take
out anything they can think of and for
the most part all they do is complain
but they don't put on those words and
they don't put on me saying those words
the media can attack me but where I draw
the line is when they attack you which
is what they do when they attack the
decency of our supporters
you are honest hard-working tax-paying
and by the way you're overtaxed but
we're going to get your taxes down
you're taxpaying Americans who love our
nation obey our laws and care for our
people it's time to expose the crooked
media deceptions and to challenge the
media for their role in for menteng
divisions and yes by the way and yes by
the way they are trying to take away our
history and our heritage you see them
and and I say it and you know we're all
pros we're all like we have a certain
sense with smart people these are truly
dishonest people and not all of them not
all of them you have some very good
reporters you have some very fair
journalists but for the most part
honestly these are really really
dishonest people and they're bad people
and I really think they don't like our
country I really believe that and I
don't believe they're going to change
and that's why I do this if they would
change I would never say it
the only people giving a platform to
these hate groups is the media itself in
the fake news
oh that's so funny look back there the
live red lights that turning those
suckers off fast out there they're
turning those lights off fast
like CNN CNN does not want it's falling
viewership to watch what I'm saying
tonight I could I mean the advantage I
have the advantage I have is that we do
have a big voice and you know they're
always saying like Twitter or social
media if I didn't have social media I
wouldn't be able to get the word out I
probably wouldn't be standing here right
I probably wouldn't be saying yeah well
if I don't have social media I probably
would not be standing and you ever
noticed when I go on and I'll put like
out a tweet or a couple of tweets he's
in a Twitter storm again I don't do
Twitter stuff you know you'll put on a
little tweet I'm going to be with the
veterans today they'll say Donald Trump
is in a Twitter storm these are sick
people you know the thing I don't
understand you would think you would
think they'd want to make our country
great again and I honestly believe they
don't I honestly believe if you want to
discover the source of the division in
our country look no further than the
fake news in the crooked media
which would rather get ratings and
clicks then tell the truth I mean the
New York Times has written some stories
how about this the New York Times
essentially apologized after I won the
election because their coverage was so
bad and it was so wrong and they were
losing so many subscribers that they
practically apologized I would say they
did they say well it wasn't really that
much of an apology because they were
losing so many people because they were
misled and I think if this is great and
for about two weeks I got good coverage
then they reverted back and they're
worse than ever before you know it's
like one of those things the Washington
Post is terrible but these are dishonest
but let me tell you you have some great
honest papers you have some great
networks I must tell you
Fox has treated me fairly Fox treated me
fine
they've treated me fairly hey I'll let
you know you know what someday they
might not treat me fairly and I'll tell
you about it okay
but they've treated me fairly and I
don't mean all good I get plenty of bad
on fox too but at least it's within
reason and Hannity how good is Hannity
he say how good is Hannity and he's a
great guy and he's an honest guy and Fox
and Friends in the morning is the best
show and it's the absolute most honest
show and it's the show i watch not only
just oh boy those cameras are going off
oh wow why don't you just fold them up
and take them home
oh those cameras are going off wow
that's the one thing they're very
nervous to have me on live television
because this can't happen now you know
what I'm a person that wants to tell the
truth I'm an honest person and what I'm
saying you know is exactly right not
only does the media give a platform to
hate groups but the media turns a blind
eye to the gang violence on our streets
the failures of our public school the
destruction of our wealth at the hands
of the terrible terrible trade deals
made by politicians that should have
never been allowed to be politicians
and the unaccountable hostility against
our incredible police who worked so hard
and such a dangerous job my
administration is committed to the idea
that all Americans have the right to
live in safety security and peace we
believe in the rule of law because we
know that freedom cannot exist if our
people are not safe and how safe are you
at a trump rally
remember at the beginning remember when
this already started when this started
at the beginning they used to send in
thugs they'd swing like people are
tougher than them so it wasn't always
very good for that but they send in
thugs and our people would protect
themselves and then you'd go home and
you'd watch this violence let me tell
you see this room you got people outside
but not very many but see this room
you're safe in this room you're very
safe in this room the big room the most
sacred duty of government is to protect
the lives of its citizens and that
includes securing our borders and
enforcing our immigration laws
by the way I'm just curious do the
people in this room like Sheriff Joe
so was Sheriff Joe convicted for doing
his job
that's what
he should have had a jury but you know
what I'll make a prediction I think he's
going to be just fine okay
but but I won't do it tonight because I
don't want to cause any controversy is
that okay all right
but Sheriff Joe can feel good the people
of Arizona know the deadly and
heartbreaking consequences of illegal
immigration the lost lives the drugs the
gangs the cartels the crisis of
smuggling and trafficking ms-13 we're
throwing them out so fast they never got
thrown out of anything like this we are
liberating towns out on Long Island
we're liberating can you imagine in this
day and age in this day and age in this
country we are liberating towns this is
like from a different age we are taking
these people they don't shoot people
because it's too fast and not painful
they cut them up into little pieces
these are animals we are getting them
out of here we're throwing them in jails
and we're throwing them out of the
country we're liberating our town you've
seen it you've lived it and you elected
me to put a stop to it
and we are doing a phenomenal job of
putting a stop to it that I can tell you
after years of defending other countries
borders can you believe we fight for
other countries we want to defend their
borders
we're finally defending our own borders
and we're showing compassion for the
struggling American workers who are now
starting to see the light because plants
are coming pouring back into our country
and by the way we're doing a lot of good
work on that but a lot of people are
coming back in we have Foxconn they make
the iPhones as you know for Apple and so
many companies are building now in our
country including the auto companies who
are coming back years of uncontrolled
immigration have placed enormous
pressure on the jobs and wages of
working families and they've put great
burdens or local schools and hospitals
well this may be good for a handful of
special interests it's unfair to working
people of all backgrounds all throughout
our country we want every American
community to succeed including our
immigrant communities but they can't do
that if we don't control our borders
earlier today I visited with the
incredible men and women of ice and the
Border Patrol during a visit to human
sector I was over at the Yuma sector it
was hot like a hundred and fifteen
degrees I'm out signing autographs for
an hour I was there that was a hot day
you learn if you're in shape if you can
do that believe me and they actually
told me actually sir it's relatively
cool today can you believe that but it
was great and I met with the Border
Patrol and I met with ice and these are
incredible people the job they do
in fact general Kelly who was in charge
of homeland security where people coming
in down 78 and almost 80% he did so good
I made him my chief of staff right that
made Sir John where's John where is it
where's general Kelly get him out here
he's great he's doing a great job but we
did a lot before anything happened we
did a lot we respect and cherish our ice
officers and our Border Patrol agents
and we respect and cherish our police
officers and our fire men and all of our
uniformed services but during that visit
I heard firsthand from the frontline
agents about the security threats they
confront each and every day and I
pledged my continued resolve to them and
all of you to keep our country safe all
around the nation I have spent time with
the wonderful Americans whose children
were killed for the simple reason that
our government failed to enforce our
immigration laws already existing laws
and I promise these families the deaths
of their loved ones will not have been
in vain I promise them I know so many of
them
one by one we are finding the gang
members the drug dealers and the
criminals who prey on our people we are
throwing them out of the country or
we're putting them the hell fast in jail
we are cracking down on the sanctuary
cities that shield criminal aliens
finally
and we are building a wall on the
southern border which is absolutely
necessary
build that wall
now the obstructionist democrats would
like us not to do it but believe me we
have to close down our government we're
building that wall let me be very clear
two Democrats in Congress who oppose a
border wall and stand in the way of
border security you are putting all of
America's safety at risk you're doing
that you're doing that again the border
patrol today I said how important is the
wall to some of the folks I met with a
lot of them and they looked at me they
said it's vital it's vital it's so vital
and you know we have walls I don't know
if you know we're already starting to
fix a lot of the walls we already have
because we don't have to rebuild them
and we want walls that you can see
through in a sense you want to see
what's on the other side but we're
starting to fix a lot of the walls we've
done a lot of work but I said to them
how are we doing and how important are
the walls and they said mr. president
you have no idea it is desperately
needed we're gonna have our wall we're
gonna get our wall
and that wall is also going to help us
very importantly with the drug problem
and the massive amounts of drugs that
are pouring across the southern border
my administration will never back down
and demanding immigration control the
American people voted for immigration
control that's one of the reasons I'm
here and that is what the American
people deserve and they're going to get
it
so you put pressure but believe me one
way or the other we're gonna get that
wall immigration security is also a
matter
remember this of national security
that's why we're implementing tough new
vetting and screening protocols to keep
radical Islamic terrorists out of our
country
you look at what just happened in Spain
and so many other places nope we're
really vetting we're tough does anybody
want would it be soft on the vetting or
would you like with extreme vetting I
came up with that term it is what it has
to be so I have a message for Congress
tonight your job is to represent
American families American people
American workers to job
you need to represent them on the border
on taxes on health care one vote
and on every other issue that affects
their lives and for our friends in the
Senate oh boy
the Senate remember this look the Senate
we have to get rid of what's called the
filibuster rule we have to and if we
don't the Republicans will never get
anything passed you're wasting your time
we have to get rid of the filibuster
rule right now we need 60 votes and we
have 52 Republicans that means that
eight Democrats are controlling all of
this legislation we have over 200 bills
and we have to speak to Mitch and we
have to speak to everybody and I want to
tell you we have some great great
Republican senators we really do and
they fought like hell to get that thing
a pro they fought they really did we
they really fought now even on health
care because of reconciliation which you
don't know it doesn't matter it's a
trick we needed 51 votes but when you
need 51 and you have 52 and we include
the vice president who always voted with
us he's the greatest but you have no
margin but some of the best things in
health care require 60 votes so even
when you say we're voting on health care
like across state lines purchase across
state lines one of the most important
things I've been talking about it for
two years during debates
it gives competition insurance companies
come in your prices go way down Arizona
is a disaster in terms of the price
increase of your insurance 116 percent
increase you got to get rid of the
filibuster rule you got to go to a
majority you got to go to 51 votes and
if they don't do that they're play
they're just wasting time all of the
Democrats in Congress that's the only
thing they do well they do one thing
well you know what it's called they have
no ideas they have no policies they
obstruct that's all they do
their word is we resist they don't
resist they obstruct it's all they're
good at it's all they're good if that's
all they do on health care they have 48
Democrats we got no votes
we got no votes and it would have been
great health care and by the way would
have been great health care for Arizona
would have been great so the Democrats
have no ideas no policy no vision for
the country
other than total socialism and maybe
frankly a step beyond socialism from
what I'm seeing
under their plan for America your taxes
will double or triple your services will
diminish and your borders will be left
wide open for everybody to come in and
enjoy our country Obamacare is a
disaster and think think we were just
one vote away from victory after seven
years of everybody proclaiming repeal
and replace one vote away one one one
vote away
we were one vote away think of it seven
years the Republicans and again you have
some great senators but we at one vote
away from repealing
but you know they all said mr. president
your speech was so good last night
please please mr. president don't
mention any names so I won't I won't
no I won't vote one vote away I will not
mention any names very presidential is
it very president and nobody wants me to
talk about your other senator who's weak
on borders weak on crime so I won't talk
about him
nobody wants me to talk about him nobody
knows who the hell he is and now see I
haven't mentioned any names so now
everybody's happy but we are going to
get rid of Obamacare I will never stop
one vote I will never stop we're going
to get rid of Obamacare every day we're
keeping our promises and that includes
our promises to our great great veterans
who's a veteran here it's getting better
getting really good nobody's fixing
nobody's been able to do and remember
I'm only here for less than eight months
you know when they talk about Obamacare
it was years when they talked about
Hillary Clinton spent eight years trying
to get
eight years trying to get health care
well it's obvious that we won the state
of Arizona do you agree with pretty.i
and we wanted by a lot and I hear we're
winning it by even more right now but if
you think about it Clinton they spent
eight years than they weren't able to
get health care other administration
spent all of their time they weren't
able to get it
Obama what he did to get it what he did
to get it including the guy Gert Gruber
did you see Gruber got fired yesterday
he got fired because he defrauded
somebody or something something very bad
happened check it out something happened
Gruber who lied about Obamacare who
called everybody fools for believing it
Obamacare is gone it's a disaster is
gone premiums and other states are going
up at numbers that are even higher than
the state of Arizona
insurance companies are fleeing and it's
gone so wicked I really believe that the
Republicans and maybe we'll get a couple
of senators that think they're going to
lose their race on the Democratic side
maybe but we'll get we'll get it fixed
one vote speak to your senator please
speak to your senator
we're reforming the VA to ensure our
veterans have the care they so richly
deserve
including choice choice choice in other
words if you've got to wait for seven
days and you're not feeling well you go
see a doctor and we pay for your doctor
isn't that good and we got legislation
approved that everybody said was
impossible
it's called VA accountability if
somebody treats our veterans badly we
can fire them we say you're fired get
out of here
everybody said everybody said you
couldn't get that they've been trying to
get that passed for 40 years
we got great legislation you ever hear
these liars back there where they say
but Trump has gotten let you say I think
we've gotten more in a short period of
time in this seven months I think we've
gotten more than anybody including Harry
Truman who was number one
but they will tell you we got none so we
got VA accountability so that you can
fire people that are treating our
veterans badly or aren't doing their job
as neckla we've also obtained historic
increase in defense spending to prevent
and deter conflict we believe in peace
through strength were building up our
military like never before thousands and
thousands of brave Americans have paid
the ultimate price for our freedom now
it's up to us to preserve and protect
their legacy last night as you know I
laid out my vision for an honorable and
enduring outcome in a very tough place a
place where our country has failed
Afghanistan this is a place where
terrorists are trained where you have
people that are not exactly United
States fans can I say that
and I will tell you that what we're
going to do with our incredible military
they're going to make unbelievable
sacrifices and they've already made in
some cases the ultimate sacrifice but
we're fighting for them our war fighters
deserve the tools they need and the
trust they've earned to fight and to win
fight into work and you see what's going
on in North Korea all of a sudden I
don't know who knows but I can tell you
what I said that's not strong enough
some people said it was too strong it's
not strong enough but kim jeong-hoon
I respect the fact that I believe he is
starting to respect us I respect that
fact very much respect that fact and
maybe probably not but maybe something
positive can come about they won't tell
you that but maybe something positive
can come about every American deserves
the government that protects them honors
them defends them and fights for them
and by the way speaking of that you have
three congressmen in the audience and
your governor who met me at the plane
and he's now inside but he said I want
to spend my time outside on security I
said I think that's a great idea
governor but not that many people showed
up so I don't think it should be much of
a problem but you have a hell of a
governor governor Ducey you have a great
governor and we have three congressmen a
friend of mine who has been so great to
me Trent Franks where's congressman
friend where is
get over Paul Gosar congressman
congressman Andy Biggs get up here fella
thank you folks
Thank You congressman never let them go
folks never let them go don't ever lose
them thank you fellas
so in Washington were taking power out
of the hands of donors and special
interests and putting that power back
into the hands of the people that voted
for us okay for us the same failed
voices in Washington who opposed our
movement are the same people who gave us
one terrible trade deal after another
who gave us one foreign policy disaster
after another who sacrificed our
sovereignty our wealth and our jobs we
don't need advice from the Washington DC
swamp we need right now to drain the
swamp that's what's happening to
believer Washington is full of people
who are only looking out for themselves
but I don't come to Washington for me
you know I've had a great life I've had
great success I've enjoyed my life most
people think I'm crazy to have done this
and I think they're right but I enjoyed
cuz we've made so much I don't believe
that any president I don't believe that
any president has accomplished as much
as this president in the first six or
seven months I really don't believe
including including a great Supreme
Court justice justice courses big I came
to Washington for you your dreams of my
dreams your hopes are my hopes and your
future is what I'm fighting for each and
every day it's so important our agenda
is the pro-worker agenda we've
accomplished historic amounts in a short
period of time we've signed more than 50
pieces of legislation they said we've
signed none none we've signed 50
appointed justice courses nominated 31
new federal judges with many more on the
way
so importantly we have aggressively
cancelled job-killing regulations and
we're unleashing job-creating American
energy like we've never unleashed before
we've ended the war on beautiful clean
call and it's just been announced that a
second brand-new coal mine where they're
going to take out clean coal meaning to
take it out coal they're going to clean
it is opening in the state of
Pennsylvania the second way and the
state of West Virginia which was way
behind and lagging was now in terms of
GDP increase second last quarter to the
state of Texas how about that West
Virginia and they have a great governor
in West Virginia Governor Jim Justice
who just quit the Democrats and joined
the Republican Party
in the proud tradition of America's
great leaders from George Washington
please don't take his statue dumb please
please does anybody want George
Washington's statue
no is that sad is that whole sad -
Lincoln - Teddy Roosevelt I see they
want to take Teddy Roosevelt's down -
they're trying to figure out why they
don't know they're trying to take away
our culture they're trying to take away
our history and our weak leaders they do
it overnight these things have been
there for 150 years for a hundred years
you go back to a university and it's
gone
weak weak people we are going to protect
American industry we are going to
protect the American worker no longer
will we allow other countries to close
our factories steal our jobs and drain
our wealth we are building our future
with American hands American labor
American iron aluminum and steel
we will buy American and we will hire
American I immediately withdrew the
United States from the disastrous
trans-pacific partnership would have
been a disaster and you know that one of
the worst deals that anybody in history
has ever entered into we have begun
formal renegotiation with Mexico and
Canada on NAFTA and I must be honest and
I've been talking about NAFTA for a long
time and I'm sorry it's taken six months
but we have to give notice you have to
see this we have to give notice and
after the notice is given you have to
wait a long time then you have to give
it nothing then you have to wait a long
time anyway we started two days ago Bob
light Iser personally I don't think we
can make a deal because we have been so
badly taken advantage of they have made
such great deals both of the countries
but in particular Mexico then I don't
think we can make a deal so I think
we'll end up probably terminating NAFTA
at some point okay probably but but I
told you from the first day we will
renegotiate NAFTA or we will terminate
NAFTA I personally don't think you can
make a deal without a termination but
we're going to see what happens okay
you're in you're in good hands I can
tell you we are unleashing American
energy and I withdrew the United States
from the job-killing Paris climate
Accord
people have no idea how bad that was for
this country great for other countries
we were like the lap dog great for other
countries our country was so behind
since I took the oath of office we've
added far more than 1 million jobs in
the private sector unemployment is right
now at almost a 17-year low wages are
rising the stock market is at its
all-time high in history and economic
growth has surged to 2.6 percent
remember everybody said you won't bring
it up to 1 percent you won't bring it up
to 1.2 percent and we've just started
those regulations that we've gotten rid
of which and we're gonna have some
regulation but it's going to be sensible
regulation those regulations are
unleashing our economy so we have a GDP
we're shocking about two weeks ago it
was announced for the quarter 2.6
percent remember I said we're going to
try and hit three percent we're already
at 2.6 maybe I'll have to increase my
offer and so many of those people you
know the Economic Council when it got a
little heat with the lives from the
media they sort of said oh we'll take a
piss what not all of them but some of
them did but I remember the ones that
did but they'll see we take all will
take but people are now calling me
people that have been like we'll take a
pass Don can we get together for lunch
let's do it privately instead of through
a council these people just don't get it
they are calling and they're saying how
about getting together privately they
like it better why should they be on a
council you know that's the way it is
folks that's the way it is to bring more
jobs and Industry to our shores we are
committed to passing the first major tax
reform in over 30 years
now we need the help of Congress please
okay we need the help of Congress and we
really could use some Democrat help
we're giving you the biggest tax cut in
the history of our country the Democrats
are going to find a way to obstruct if
they do remember they are stopping you
from getting a massive tax cut just
remember that okay
America's crushing business tax is a
massive self-inflicted economic wound we
have one of the highest business tax
rates anywhere in the world
pushing jobs and wealth out of our
country that is why we are going to
lower the tax on American business to
bring back those companies bring them
back to America we want more product
stamped with the letters made in the USA
we also on everyday Americans to be able
to keep more of their own money so for
the Democratic senators especially the
ones where I won their states by twenty
and thirty points
I really hope you're going to come over
to our side because again when you have
fifty-two Republicans if you lose like
two that's the end you know what as good
as something is it's hard to get fifty
one at a fifty-two so I hope some of the
Democrats that are gonna lose their
election will come over and give
everybody a big beautiful tax cut which
is going to be great for the economy
it's time to pass a tax cut for the
middle class families we will make
America the best place in the world to
hire grow and start a business again we
want to lift our people from welfare to
work from dependence to independence and
from poverty to prosperity
we're going to do an infrastructure bill
we will build Leeming new roads bridges
highways railways waterways
all across our beautiful land our
greatest creations our most incredible
buildings our most beautiful works of
art are just waiting to be brought to
life American hands will build this
future American energy will power this
future we have become an energy exporter
for the first time ever just recently
and American workers will bring this
future to life we are the nation that
dug out the Panama Canal one two world
wars put a man on the moon and defeated
communism
we can do anything we can build anything
and we can dream anything it's time to
remember what our brave soldiers never
forgot Americans share one flag one home
and one glorious destiny we live
according to the same law raise our
children by the same values and we are
all made by the same Almighty God as
long as we remember these rules as long
as we have enough strength and courage
in ourselves then there is no challenge
too great no task too large no dream
beyond our reach we are Americans and
the future belongs to us the future
belongs to all of you this is our moment
this is our chance this is our
opportunity to recapture our dynasty
like never before to rebuild our future
to deliver justice for every forgotten
man and woman and child in America
freedom will prevail our values will
endure our citizens will prosper Arizona
will thrive and our beloved nation will
succeed like never ever before so two
Americans young and all near and far in
cities small and large we say these
words again tonight we will make America
strong again we will make America
wealthy again we will make America proud
again we will make America safe again
and we will make America great again
thank you Arizona god bless you thank
you thank you
