afternoon all I thought I'd take a few
moments to offer a few comments on the
strategy for South Asia that President
Trump outlined last night in his address
to the nation and then take a few your
questions on that subject I think the
president did a big fairly thorough job
in terms of describing the new military
approach I think the important point in
that is a conditions-based approach as
opposed to a time-based approach that
had specified troop ceiling levels and
timetables and I think the president's
been quite clear that what is will be
different this time is he has empowered
our military commanders on the ground to
make more timely decisions to conduct
battlefield operations based upon the
conditions on the ground with the battle
plans that secretary deficient mattis
will be approving that is going to
change the dynamic on the ground
considerably these are some of the same
tactics that have been employed in the
very successful campaign to defeat Isis
in Syria and Iraq and so I think we're
taking a lot of lessons learned from our
success there and we'll translate those
to Afghanistan this is going to take
some time for our military to go through
a new set of training with some of the
Afghan forces the fighting will still be
borne by the Afghan forces by their
military and their security forces but
we believe we can turn the tide of what
has been a losing battle over the last
year and a half or so and at least
stabilize the situation and hopefully
start seeing some battlefield victories
on the part of the Afghan forces who
have fought very bravely but they've
been fighting I think with less than
full capabilities that we can give them
I think similarly on the diplomatic
front we too are going to adopt a
conditions-based diplomacy we're going
to condition our efforts along with the
progress we see being made by the Afghan
government who must continue the reform
efforts that we've been working on for
some time in a particular much more
rigorous efforts around the
anti-corruption now part of the
corruption challenge in some respects
has been the methods and ways in which
we have been delivering some of our aid
and we've not been as accountable I
think to ourselves in terms of ensuring
that our aid programs development
programs are delivering the results that
they were intended to deliver some of
that has been challenged by the security
environment it's very difficult for many
of our aid workers to operate in
Afghanistan so as the security
environment improves we expect to adopt
a different approach as to how we
deliver on the development and
assistance that supports the Afghan
government in their reforms as well I
think the president was clear this
entire effort is intended to put
pressure on the Taliban to have a
Taliban understanding you will not win a
battlefield victory we may not win one
but neither will you and so at some
point we have to come to the negotiating
table and find a way to bring this to an
end now this is a regional approach and
part of why this effort took as long as
it did is we chose not to just focus on
Afghanistan but we undertook a fairly
comprehensive review of our
relationships in Pakistan and our
relationship with India and we see this
approach as requiring an integration of
all three of those strategies and use
Pakistan India to also bring pressure to
bear on the situation Afghanistan
Pakistan in particular can play an
important role here certainly on
delivering the Taliban to the
negotiating table Pakistan has suffered
acts of terrorism their citizens have
suffered acts of terrorism is I think is
dramatic as any we've seen anywhere and
we stand ready to help Pakistan address
terrorist organizations inside of their
country but they must they must adopt a
different approach themselves Pakistan
and the u.s. historically had very good
relationships but over the last few
years there's been a real erosion in the
confidence between our two governments
there's been an erosion and Trust
because we have witnessed terrorist
organizations being given safe haven
inside of Pakistan to plan to carry out
attacks against the US service
US officials disrupting peace efforts
inside of Afghanistan Pakistan must
adopt a different approach and we are
ready to work with them to help them
protect themselves against these
terrorist organizations but certainly to
begin to end their attacks that are
disrupting our efforts at peace we are
going to be conditioning our support for
Pakistan and our relationship with them
on them delivering results in this area
we want to work with Pakistan in a
positive way but they must change their
approach
India's emerging is a very important
regional strategic partner with the
United States and has played an
important role supporting Afghan
government and in particular supporting
their economy it is a provided
developmental assistance they provided
economic assistance they are hosting an
important economic conference in India
this next week all of that is important
to stabilizing Afghanistan as a nation
get their economy functioning stabilize
the country so that they can provide
more opportunities to their citizens
these are all elements of what will lead
to stability and ultimately a peace
agreement but the effort is again a
regional effort put pressure on the
parties to understand that this fighting
is going to take everyone nowhere and
it's time to begin a process it may very
well be a lengthy process of
reconciliation and a peace accord and
Afghanistan as the president said can
choose its form of government that best
suits the needs of its people as long as
it rejects terrorism never provides
territory in Afghanistan to provide safe
haven for terrorists and accommodates
all the groups represented inside of
Afghanistan ethnic groups and others how
they want to organize themselves is up
to them but we have to recognize that
their culture is a tribal culture and
their history accommodates the nature of
those relationships there's no reason
their former government cannot
accommodate that as well so we want to
facilitate a reconciliation peace
process and we will facilitate them
coming to some conclusion around how
they want to govern themselves that's
really the essence of the
strategy and before taking your
questions I do want to make one comment
on North Korea I think it is worth
noting that we have had no missile
launches or provocative acts on the part
of North Korea since the unanimous
adoption of the UN Security Council
resolution I want to take note of that I
want to acknowledge it I'm I am pleased
to see that the regime in Pyongyang has
has certainly demonstrated some level of
restraint that we've not seen in the
past we hope that this is the beginning
of this signal that we've been looking
for that they are ready to restrain
their level of tensions they're ready to
restrain the provocative acts and the
perhaps we are seeing our pathway to
sometime in the near future having some
dialogue we need to see more on their
part but I want to acknowledge the steps
they've taken thus far I think it's
important to take note of that so with
that I'm happy to take your questions
thanks I'll be really brief it seems
like to me at least that with a no
nation-building concept of the president
laid out last night and what you just
said that the main difference other than
the time table part of the military
stuff the main difference between this
new approach and the old one is that
you're eliminating 2/3 of what used to
be known as the clear hold and build
strategy in other words week we clear or
you clear you hold and we won't build
you will so if that's correct what
happens to the anti-corruption efforts
that you mentioned the good governance
the counter-narcotics the education
programs what happens to those and more
specifically what would it was that
going to mean for particularly Afghan
women and girls who have been assured
for the last 16 years by two separate
administration's that they wouldn't be
abandoned well I don't want to suggest
that there's that dramatic a difference
in terms of our expectations for Afghan
government performance and as you point
out there's been enormous strides
achieved in Afghanistan both in terms of
the numbers of millions of children that
are now in schools being educated the
role of women in Afghani
I don't expect any of that to be rolled
back I think that has become part of the
Afghan government structures become part
of what the Afghan people themselves I
think expect if you go back many years
ago prior to all of this disruption that
was Afghanistan that was the nature of
Afghanistan 30 40 50 years ago so I
think it is part of their culture
already we want to support that in terms
of the the clear and hold that is still
the approach is that areas will be
cleared and Afghan security forces can
hold those areas thereby enabling some
growth in the Afghan economy part of
what Afghanistan struggles unders they
do not have control over but a portion
of their economy so as the forces are
able to either hold areas and stabilize
them so need not give up further ground
and they're still losing ground today as
you well know so this is going to take a
little while but is to stabilize and
then hopefully begin to regain control
and his ground is gained it will be held
by Afghan security forces while allowing
the Afghan government to continue what
it has been very successfully doing
under our assistance now for many years
and not rollback any of those gains that
have been made that's I don't think
that's the aspiration of the Afghan
government or the Afghan people either
so what we're going to continue to help
them institutionally we may be taking
different approaches and not putting so
much of the US taxpayer dollar on the
ground building schools and building
infrastructures we think there are
plenty of others that we're going to
call upon for assistance as well rather
we're there to facilitate and ensure
that there is a pathway for
reconciliation and peace talks as this
pressure begins to take hold and we do
we believe we already know there are
certain moderate elements of the Taliban
who we think are going to be ready and
want to help develop a way forward how
long that will take will be again based
on conditions on the ground
thank you very much mr. secretary a
question that embraces both the military
side and the diplomatic side on the
military side what the new rules of
engagement means that in the short term
at least our forces will be more at risk
because they will be potentially doing
night raids against the Taliban again
not just training but actually
supporting in a more active role because
the Afghan troops are not all up to par
here to push back against the Taliban
events and on the diplomatic side why
didn't the president mention Russia's
rearming of the Taliban which general
Nicholson has been talking about very
openly you can to be letting Russia off
the hook in his speech and do you have
enough people given the fact that they
were not trump confirmed diplomatic
appointees in many of these positions in
the region along the on the military
operations out of it I would really
defer to the Department of Defense to
answer that one other than I know the
approach is going to be as I said
similar to what we have had success
elsewhere this secretary match describes
it it's a by with and through approach
and I think that's part of why the need
for step up in troop levels is so we can
now at the battalion level organize and
help Afghan army fight in a different
way with closed ground advisement at the
battalion level and the ability to call
in support on a more timely basis as
needed to ensure victory as opposed to
either stalemate or defeat with respect
to the comment about Russia to the
extent Russia is supplying arms to the
Taliban that is a violation obviously of
international norms is a violation of UN
Security Council norms we certainly
would object to that and call Russia
attention to that if anyone's going to
supply arms it needs to be through the
Afghan government in terms of our
footprint on the ground we have very
competent capable experienced people
there now our Afghan ambassadors
remaining on the job at this time we
have a Pakistan ambassador that's been
nominated with
to have that person cleared through the
process soon and even in the transition
in Afghanistan as ambassador hell
transitions out we've nominated
ambassador bass very experienced
diplomat been chief been running the
embassy in Ankara Turkey very complex
place he's very well equipped to step
into this situation as well and we are
looking at a couple of different people
for the Special Representative to
Afghanistan and Pakistan position it's
open currently it's being filled with a
very experienced individual today so
we're ready to get going with very
confident people we have and I'm not at
all concerned about the competency level
or the experience of the people that we
have working on this I'm quite confident
with them India secretary Tillerson I
know you don't want to talk about about
the military but you were just using
some military terms and battalion level
and that I know and understand why the
administration does not want to talk
about tactical moves but strategy don't
the American people deserve to know
approximately how many more their sons
and daughters will be going back to
Afghanistan in a war that's lasted
nearly 16 years well I think not again I
want to speak secretary matters but I
think the intent is there will be
visibility to troop levels once the
decision has been made I think what the
president has conveyed and I agree
wholeheartedly with him is that we are
not going to signal ahead what our plans
are we're not going to signal ahead and
increase that decrease the timing of any
of that it will be driven by conditions
on the ground the only way we can defeat
an enemy that is as nimble and is cagey
tactically is this enemy is we have to
be as cagey and tactical as they are and
we've not been fighting that way could
that include strikes in Pakistan I'm not
going to comment on what it could
include
but the president's been clear that we
are going to protect American troops and
servicemen we are going to attack
terrorists wherever they live and we
have put people on notice that if you
are harboring and providing safe haven
to terrorists be warned be forewarned
and we're going to engage with those who
are providing safe haven and ask them to
change what they're doing and help us
help them because in my view the best
the greatest benefactor other than the
Afghan people themself to achieving
stability and peace in Afghanistan are
the people of Pakistan they will benefit
more than any other nation you said no
preconditions to talks specifically are
you saying that the u.s. no longer
expects the Taliban to accept the Afghan
Constitution and specifically the rights
of women and on Pakistan did you
articulate in specific terms or do you
plan to to Pakistan the consequences of
their actions whether it be sanctions
dropping their non-nato allies status I
mean what exactly have you communicated
or do you plan to communicate well I had
a good call with the Prime Minister of
Pakistan yesterday afternoon to give
them a bit of a forewarning of what they
were going to hear in the President's
speech and also we did touch on the
points I've made to you today we are
going to be engaging with them in a very
serious and thorough way as to our
expectations and the conditions that go
with that and all of those things you
just listed are on the table for
discussion if in fact they are unwilling
to change their posture or change their
approach to how they're dealing with the
numerous terrorist organizations that
find safe haven inside of Pakistan again
it is in Pakistan's interest to take
those actions when we say no
preconditions on the talks I think what
we are saying is look the government of
Afghanistan and the Taliban
representatives need to sit down and
sort this out it's not for the u.s. to
tell them it must be this particular
model that must be under these
conditions I think that's what the
president means when he says we're no
longer nation-building we're look we've
tried taking certain principles and
forms around the world and sometimes it
works in a lot of places it doesn't work
we don't know what's
merge here we're going to be there
obviously to encourage others but it's
going to be up to the Afghan government
and the representatives of the Taliban
to work through a reconciliation process
of what will serve their needs and
achieve the American peoples objectives
which is security no safe haven for
terrorists to operate anywhere in
Afghanistan now or in the future mr.
secretary you mentioned the force
protection concerns and ambassador bass
sort shortly going to Afghanistan and
the S Rapp discussions but how are you
going to get someone who is able to go
out beyond the wire and negotiate
functionally regularly in that weekly
basis with individuals from the Haqqani
network and that force protection
concern well we are going to have to
improve the security environment it is
not the environment today is not
conducive to carrying out those types of
activities you're exactly right and so
part of what we're going to have to do
is first ensure we're ready to engage
when conditions permit us to engage
again why Pakistan is very important in
this discussion as well Pakistan can
facilitate much of that discussion and
there are other regional players to
which this this particular conflict and
this unstable situation in Afghanistan
are important we've had discussions with
the Chinese about a role they might be
able to play we've had discussions with
the Russians about the role they could
play if they choose to
and certainly regional players in the
Gulf GCC member countries are very
interested in seeing this area and
Afghanistan stabilized as well so there
are a lot of partners out here on the
periphery that I think will have from
time to time important roles they can
play ultimately it comes down to the two
parties the Afghan government and the
Taliban representatives going back to
Pakistan officials for quite some time
Democratic and Republican
administrations have tried to get the
government to stop it stop giving safe
haven to the Haqqani network terrorist
group
what leverage do you think you have well
I think it's obviously we have some
leverage that's been discussed in terms
of the amount of aid and military
assistance we give them their statuses
as a non NATO alliance partner all of
that can be put on the table but you
know at the end of the day Pakistan has
to decide what is in Pakistan best
long-term interest from a security
standpoint for themselves and for their
people quite frankly as I evaluate
Pakistan's current situation if I were
the Pakistan government I would be I
would have growing concerns about the
strength of the Taliban and other
organizations inside of Pakistan who
seem to be growing their numbers in
their presence to the point that at some
point they become a real threat to the
stability of the Pakistani government
itself I think they need to be thinking
about what is in their best long-term
interest and how can we work with them
to achieve a safer more stable Pakistan
in the next decades to come as well I
think it really is up to them they've
got to ask themselves that question why
is why does this work for them and why
is this going to be going to continue to
support their stability and the survival
of their government in the years ahead
if they continue to allow these elements
to just grow and maintain their presence
inside of Pakistan don't you fear on the
other side that too much pressure to
pressure on Pakistan may destabilize the
can Islamabad and may have disguising
all the region with the having Taliban
stronger in the country that is a
concern and that's why I made the
comments I just made that I think it's
important to Pakistan begin to think
about its ability to contain these
groups as well it's why though we take a
regional approach the US alone is not
going to change this dynamic with
Pakistan
you know India and Pakistan they have
their own issues that they have to
continue to work through but I think
there are areas where perhaps even
India can take some steps of reproach
mulling issues with Pakistan to improve
the stability within Pakistan and remove
some of the reasons why they deal with
these unstable elements inside their own
country as I said other regional players
have strong interest in Pakistan China
has strong interest in Pakistan having a
stable secure future Pakistan is in a
lot of our interest they are a nuclear
power we have concerns about their
weapons the security of their weapons
there are many areas in which we believe
we should be having very productive
dialogue that serves both of our
interests and regional interests as well
so this is again this is not a situation
where the u.s. is saying look it's just
us and you what our approach is to bring
as I said these regional approaches is
to bring all the other interests into
this effort much as we've done with
North Korea and assembling this global
effort in North Korea I think too often
we try to distill these these challenges
down to where it's just the US and some
other country and only between the two
of us can we solve it we have to enlarge
the circle of interest and bring others
to into the effort as well and that's
what we'll be doing with Pakistan as
well
