silly glasses who cares everyone from
Superman to president Trump dawn them is
incredibly dark it's very eerie
I said spooky spooky experience I maybe
beats it
I see a shadow covering the earth it was
the blanket news coverage of the Eclipse
totality now arriving so happy I could
cry I'm a little breathless that was our
two minutes of ecstasy coverage range
from the couple that found ecstasy
getting married during the Eclipse
two hearts aligned today to the
Washington Post live streaming the
eclipses effect on fainting goats when a
scare they sometimes do this during the
Eclipse they almost didn't move Bonnie
Tyler sang her - here's a song on an
eclipse cruise can you stare into a
total eclipse of the heart without
glasses looking to my heart I wear it on
my sleeve
people sure we're scared into wearing
those glasses you're not supposed to
stay right at the Sun unless you hate
your eyes that's concentrated energy
that can not only burn your glasses it
can also burn your eye when it was over
the Guardian pranked readers with a how
to tell if you damaged your eyes are the
Gulf that was intentionally blurry
outside the path of totality as it says
the 71% eclipse in New York City was
underwhelming I think it's clear to
watch the people liking it especially
people using oddball boxes it so fit
yeah it doesn't work better if it's
organic I think it does and though the
president's clap is worse that didn't
stop him from glancing up without them
landing him on the cover of the New York
Daily News this newborn was named
Eclipse others were dressed in Eclipse
outfits and nASA released a photo of the
International Space Station silhouetted
against the Sun which was of course then
photoshopped from Chris Christie to et
during the last solar eclipse over North
American 1979 a network anchor spoke of
the next one that's 38 years from now
may the shadow
of the moon fall in a world at peace
there was no peace even from cars this
time around can you had a car alarm
apparently the car is excited about the
eclipse in about Jeanne Moos CNN New
York
