vice-president pence Secretary of State
tiller s'en members of the cabinet
general Dunford Deputy Secretary Shannon
in Colonel Duggan most especially thank
you to the men and women of Fort Myer
and every member of the United States
military at home and abroad we send our
thoughts and prayers to the families of
our brave sailors who were injured and
lost after a tragic collision at sea as
well as to those conducting the search
and recovery efforts I am here tonight
to lay out our path forward in
Afghanistan and South Asia but before I
provide the details of our new strategy
I want to say a few words to the service
members here with us tonight to those
watching from their posts and to all
Americans listening at home since the
founding of our Republic our country has
produced a special class of heroes whose
selflessness courage and resolve is
unmatched in human history American
patriots from every generation have
given their last breath on the
battlefield for our nation and for our
freedom through their lives and though
their lives were cut short in their
deeds they achieved total immortality by
following the heroic example of those
who fought to preserve our Republic we
can find the inspiration our country
needs to unify to heal and to remain one
nation under God the men and women of
our military operators one team
with one shared mission and one shared
sense of purpose they transcend every
line of race ethnicity creed and color
to serve together and sacrifice together
in absolutely perfect cohesion that is
because all service members are brothers
and sisters
they're all part of the same family it's
called the American family they take the
same oath fight for the same flag and
live according to the same law they are
bound together by common purpose mutual
trust and selfless devotion to our
nation and to each other the soldier
understands what we as a nation too
often forget that a wound inflicted upon
a single member of our community is a
wound inflicted upon us all when one
part of America hurts we all heard and
when one citizen suffers and injustice
we all suffer together loyalty to our
nation demands loyalty to one another
love for America requires love for all
of its people when we open our hearts to
patriotism there is no room for
prejudice no place for bigotry and no
tolerance for hate the young men and
women we send to fight our wars abroad
deserve to return to a country that is
not at war with itself at home we cannot
remain a force for peace in the world
but we are not at peace with each other
as we send our bravest to defeat our
enemies overseas and we will always win
let us find the cur
to heal our divisions within let us make
a simple promise to the men and women we
asked to fight in our name that when
they returned home from battle they will
find a country that has renewed the
sacred bonds of love and loyalty that
unite us together as one thanks to the
vigilance and skill of the American
military and of our many allies
throughout the world
horrors on the scale of September 11th
and nobody can ever forget that have not
been repeated on our shores but we must
acknowledge the reality I am here to
talk about tonight that nearly 16 years
after September 11th attacks after the
extraordinary sacrifice of blood and
treasure the American people are weary
of war without victory nowhere is this
more evident than with the war in
Afghanistan the longest war in American
history 17 years I share the American
people's frustration I also share their
frustration over a foreign policy that
has spent too much time energy money and
most importantly lives trying to rebuild
countries in our own image instead of
pursuing our security interests above
all other considerations that is why
shortly after my inauguration I directed
secretary of defense mattis and my
national security team to undertake a
comprehensive review of all strategic
options in Afghanistan and South Asia
my original instinct was to pull out and
historically I like following my
instincts but all my life I've heard
that decision
are much different when you sit behind
the desk in the Oval Office in other
words when you're President of the
United States so I studied Afghanistan
in great detail and from every
conceivable angle after many meetings
over many months we held our final
meeting last Friday at Camp David with
my cabinet and generals to complete our
strategy
I arrived at three fundamental
conclusion about America's core
interests in Afghanistan first a nation
must seek an honorable and enduring
outcome worthy of the tremendous
sacrifices that have been made
especially the sacrifices of lives the
men and women who serve our nation in
combat deserve a plan for victory they
deserve the tools they need and the
trust they have earned to fight and to
win second the consequences of a rapid
exit are both predictable and
unacceptable 9/11 the worst terrorist
attack in our history was planned and
directed from Afghanistan because that
country was ruled by a government that
gave comfort and shelter to terrorists a
hasty withdrawal would create a vacuum
the terrorists including Isis and
al-qaeda would instantly fill just as
happened before September 11th and as we
know in 2011 America hastily and
mistakenly withdrew from Iraq as a
result our hard-won gains slipped back
into the hands of terrorists enemies our
soldiers watched as cities they had
fought for and bled to liberal
and one were occupied by a terrorist
group called Isis the vacuum we created
by leaving too soon gave safe haven for
Isis to spread to grow recruit and
launch attacks we cannot repeat in
Afghanistan the mistake our leaders made
in Iraq third and finally I concluded
that the security threats we face in
Afghanistan and the broader region are
immense today twenty US designated
foreign terrorist organizations are
active in Afghanistan and Pakistan the
highest concentration in any region
anywhere in the world for its part
Pakistan often gives safe haven to
agents of chaos violence and terror the
threat is worse because Pakistan and
Indian are two nuclear-armed States
whose tense relations threatened to
spiral into conflict and that could
happen no one denies that we have
inherited a challenging and troubling
situation in Afghanistan and South Asia
but we do not have the luxury of going
back in time and making different or
better decisions when I became president
I was given a bad and very complex hand
but I fully knew what I was getting into
big and intricate problems but one way
or another these problems will be solved
I'm a problem solver and in the end we
will win we must address the reality of
the world as it exists right now the
threats we face and the confronting of
all of the problems of today and
extremely predictable consequences of a
hasty withdrawal we need look no further
than last week's vial
vicious attack in Barcelona to
understand that terror groups will stop
at nothing to commit the mass murder of
innocent men women and children you saw
it for yourself horrible as I outlined
in my speech in Saudi Arabia three
months ago America and our partners are
committed to stripping terrorists of
their territory cutting off their
funding and exposing the false allure of
their evil ideology terrorists who
slaughter innocent people will find no
glory in this life or the next
they are nothing but thugs and criminals
and predators and that's right losers
working alongside our allies we will
break their will dry up their
recruitment keep them from crossing our
borders and yes we will defeat them and
we will defeat them handily in
Afghanistan and Pakistan America's
interests are clear we must stop the
resurgence of safe havens that enable
terrorists who threaten America and we
must prevent nuclear weapons and
materials from coming into the hands of
terrorists and being used against us or
anywhere in the world for that matter
but to prosecute this war we will learn
from history as a result of a
comprehensive review American strategy
in Afghanistan and South Asia will
change dramatically in the following
ways a core pillar of our new strategy
is a shift from a time-based approach to
one based on conditions I've said it
many times how counterproductive it is
for the United States to announce in
advance the dates we intend to begin or
end military options we will not talk
about numbers of troops where our plans
for further military
these conditions on the ground not
arbitrary timetables will guide our
strategy from now on America's enemies
must never know our plans or believe
they can wait us out I will not say when
we are going to attack but attack we
will another fundamental pillar of our
new strategy is the integration of all
instruments of American power diplomatic
economic and military toward a
successful outcome someday after an
effective military effort perhaps it
will be possible to have a political
settlement that includes elements of the
Taliban and Afghanistan but nobody knows
if or when that will ever happen America
will continue its support for the Afghan
government and the Afghan military as
they confront the Taliban in the field
ultimately it is up to the people of
Afghanistan to take ownership of their
future to govern their society and to
achieve an ever lasting peace we are a
partner and a friend but we will not
dictate to the Afghan people how to live
or how to govern their own complex
society we are not nation-building again
we are killing terrorists the next
pillar of our new strategy is to change
the approach and how to deal with
Pakistan we can no longer be silent
about Pakistan safe havens for terrorist
organizations the Taliban and other
groups that pose a threat to the region
and beyond Pakistan has much to gain
from partnering with our effort in
Afghanistan it has much to lose by
continuing to harbor criminals and
terrorists in the past Pakistan has been
a valued partner our militaries have
worked together
against common enemies the Pakistani
people have suffered greatly from
terrorism and extremism we recognize
those contributions and those sacrifices
but Pakistan has also sheltered the same
organizations that try every single day
to kill our people we have been paying
Pakistan billions and billions of
dollars at the same time they are
housing the very terrorists that we are
fighting but that will have to change
and that will change immediately
no partnership can survive a country's
harboring of militants and terrorists
who target US service members and
officials this time for Pakistan to
demonstrate its commitment to
civilization order and to peace
another critical part of the South Asia
strategy for America is to further
develop its strategic partnership with
India the world's largest democracy and
a key security and economic partner of
the United States
we appreciate India's important
contributions to stability in
Afghanistan but India makes billions of
dollars in trade with the United States
and we want them to help us more with
Afghanistan especially in the area of
economic assistance and development we
are committed to pursuing our shared
objectives for peace and security in
South Asia and the broader Indo Pacific
region finally my administration won't
sure that you the brave defenders of the
American people will have the necessary
tools and rules of engagement to make
this strategy work and work effectively
and work quickly
I have already lifted restrictions the
previous administration placed on our
warfighters
that prevented the Secretary of Defense
and our commanders in the field from
fully and swiftly waging battle against
the enemy
micromanagement from Washington DC does
not win battles there one in the field
drawing upon the judgment and expertise
of wartime commanders and frontline
soldiers acting in real time with real
authority and with a clear mission to
defeat the enemy that's why we will also
expand Authority for American armed
forces to target the terrorists and
criminal networks
that's so violence and chaos throughout
Afghanistan these killers need to know
they have nowhere to hide that no place
is beyond the reach of American might
and American arms retribution will be
fast and powerful as we lift
restrictions and expand authorities in
the field we are already seeing dramatic
results in the campaign to defeat Isis
including the liberation of Mosul in
Iraq since my inauguration we have
achieved record-breaking success in that
regard we will also maximize sanctions
and other financial and law enforcement
actions against these networks to
eliminate their ability to export terror
when America commits it's warriors to
battle we must ensure they have every
weapon to apply swift decisive and
overwhelming force our troops will fight
to win we will fight to win from now on
victory will have a clear definition
attacking our enemies obliterating Isis
crushing al Qaeda preventing the Taliban
from taking over Afghanistan and
stopping mass terror attacks against
America before they emerge we will ask
our NATO allies and global partners to
support our new strategy with additional
troop and funding increases in line with
our own we are confident they will since
taking office I have made clear that our
allies and partners
must contribute much more money to our
collective defense and they have done so
in this struggle the heaviest burden
will continue to be borne by the good
people of Afghanistan and their
courageous armed forces as the Prime
Minister of Afghanistan has promised we
are going to participate in economic
development to help defray the cost of
this war to us Afghanistan is fighting
to defend and secure their country
against the same enemies who threaten us
the stronger the Afghan security forces
become the less we will have to do
Afghans will secure and build their own
nation and define their own future we
want them to succeed but we will no
longer use American military might to
construct democracies in faraway lands
we'll try to rebuild other countries in
our own image those days are now over
instead we will work with allies and
partners to protect our shared interests
we are not asking others to change their
way of life but to pursue common goals
that allow our children to live better
and safer lives this principled realism
will guide our decisions moving forward
military power alone will not bring
peace to Afghanistan or stop the
terrorist threat arising in that country
but strategically applied force aims to
create the conditions for a political
process to achieve a lasting peace
America will work with the Afghan
government as long as we see
determination and progress however our
commitment is not unlimited and our
support is not a blank check the
government of Afghanistan must carry
their share of the military political
and economic burden
the American people expect to see real
reforms real progress and real results
our patience is not unlimited we will
keep our eyes wide open in abiding by
the oath I took on January 20th I will
remain steadfast in protecting American
lives and American interests in this
effort we will make common cause with
any nation that chooses to stand and
fight alongside us against this global
threat terrorists take heed America will
never let up until you are dealt a
lasting defeat under my administration
many billions of dollars more is being
spent on our military and this includes
vast amounts being spent on our nuclear
arsenal and missile defense in every
generation we have faced down evil and
we have always prevailed we prevailed
because we know who we are and what we
are fighting for not far from where we
are gathered tonight hundreds of
thousands of America's greatest Patriots
lay in eternal rest at Arlington
National Cemetery there is more courage
sacrifice and love in those hallowed
grounds than in any other spot on the
face of the earth many of those who have
fought and died in Afghanistan enlisted
in the months after September 11th 2001
they volunteered for a simple reason
they loved America and they were
determined to protect her now we must
secure the cause for which they gave
their lives we must unite to defend
America from its enemies abroad we must
restore the bonds of loyalty among our
citizens at home and we must achieve an
honorable and enduring outcome worthy of
the enormous price
that so many have paid our actions and
in months to come
all of them will honor the sacrifice of
every fallen hero every family who lost
a loved one and every wounded warrior
who shed their blood in defense of our
great nation with our resolve we will
ensure that your service and that your
families will bring about the defeat of
our enemies and the arrival of peace we
will push onward to victory with power
in our hearts courage in ourselves and
everlasting pride in each and every one
of you thank you may God bless our
military and may God bless the United
States of America thank you very much
thank you
