this afternoon President Trump tweeted
his condolences to the people of Spain
quote the United States condemns the
terror attack in Barcelona Spain and
will do whatever is necessary to help be
tough and strong we love you
and then the president tweeted this
study what General Pershing of the
United States did to terrorists Wincott
there was no more radical Islamic terror
for 35 years let's take a look to this
story that he is told about general
perching and how he handled terrorists
the president has discussed this claim
in much more detail before take a look
he caught 50 terrorists who did
tremendous damage and killed many people
and he took the 50 terrorists and he
took 50 men and he dipped 50 bullets in
pig's blood and he had his men load his
rifles and he lined up the 50 people and
they shot 49 of those people and the
50th person he said you go back to you
people and you tell them what happened
and for 25 years there wasn't a problem
so that story is not true there is no
evidence backing up president Trump's
claim that in the early 1900s general
john pershing tried to quell a muslim
uprising in the philippines by dipping
50 bullets in pig's blood which is of
course offensive to Muslims and shooting
49 Muslim insurgents and telling the
fifth to go tell everyone what he saw
historians say there's zero evidence to
that none not true there is evidence
that a different military leader in the
Philippines may have buried dead
insurgents with a dead pig but none that
Pershing did it or even approved of it
and most important there's no evidence
that burying dead insurgents with a pig
did anything to stop the violence so
just to be clear what happened today in
the face of a horrific terrorist attack
where people are still finding out that
loved ones have been killed or injured
President Trump just told the world too
a story that is not true a lie about an
American general dipping bullets in
pig's blood blood and killing insurgents
a story that by the way does nothing to
help keep our soldiers and the American
people traveling the world safer at
times of crisis the nation turns to its
president for reassurance and for truth
and for moral clarity and the lie about
General Pershing does not provide any of
those also one might observe the very
different reactions from this president
today's Islamic terrorist attack which
the president condemned immediately and
with this inflammatory untrue story and
how president trep responded to the
white supremacist terrorist attack on
Saturday which is an attack he has yet
to unequivocally call terrorism at all
