because here's the message although
Heather was a caring and compassionate
person so are a lot of you a lot of you
go that extra mile and I think the
reason that what happened to Heather has
struck a chord is because we know that
what she did is achievable we don't all
have to die we don't all have to
sacrifice our lives they tried to kill
my child to shut her up well guess what
you just magnified her
so so here's what I want to happen you
ask me what can I do so many caring
people pages of pages of pages of stuff
I'm going through I'm reading pages of
pages of pages how she's touching the
world I want this to spread I don't want
this to die this is just the beginning
of Heather's legacy this is not the end
of Heather's legacy you need to find in
your heart that small spark of
accountability what is there that I can
do to make the world a better place what
injustice do I see and what does turn
away I don't I don't really want to get
involved in that I'm gonna want to speak
up they'll be annoyed with me my boss
might think less of me I don't care you
poke that finger at yourself like
Heather would have done and you make it
happen you take that extra step you find
a way to make a difference in the world
so remember in your heart if you're not
outraged you're not paying attention and
I want you to pay attention find what's
wrong don't ignore it don't look the
other way you make a point to look at it
and say to yourself what can I do to
make a difference and that's how you're
going to make my child's death
worthwhile I'd rather have my child but
by golly if I got to give her up we're
going to make it count
