hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm gonna be talking you through
how to do this super glowy super natural
dewy and kind of everyday makeup look
today I'm using the brand new
translucent loose powder glow and Laura
Mercier and I was kind of inspired by
the glowing us of it if you enjoy this
look I hope you enjoyed this video let's
get started first up the Laura Mercier
flawless fusion foundation and I'm
actually just going to apply this using
the cheek color brush I love how this
looks on my skin when I use these two
products together
and then I'm gonna follow on with just a
little bit of tweaks to my brows and
today I'm using the laura mercier brow
to find that in the shade blonde bow has
Russia out with a spoolie and then set
it in place with a bit of brow dimension
next up concealer I'm taking the
flawless fusion concealer in the shade
1c I think I use I'm just gonna apply
that in the under eye area just to add a
little bit of lightness a little bit of
color correction but then also onto my
chin my forehead and the center of the
face to add a touch of lightness and
brightness and make me look like a slap
more than I actually did last night
and to set all of that in place I'm
using the translucent loose powder glow
I'm taking the shade translucent and I'm
gonna use the Laura Mercier kind of
sponge technique here so I'm just going
to tap that powder into the lid then
take my speak of powder puff while I say
old is clearly new but I'm just gonna
take my powder puff roll that then in
the under eye area I do be aware that
the globe powder will make you look
really really glowy so take your time
build up slowly here I like to apply the
powder first and then take the glow
brush and just very gently and softly
and smoothly just blend out this really
does give you that kind of high-fashion
backstage Fashion Week
kind of look to the skin and oh my god
I'm so
I'm to contour today I'm actually going
to take the shade medium deep in the
same translucent loose below powder this
way we still get the same level of
luminosity and we get a little bit of
shadow and a little bit of warm Sun just
a little bit more drama on the face for
my blush today I'm using the color
infusion blush in the shade chai this is
just such a natural-looking beautifully
soft romantic blush and for my eye
shadow I'm taking the caviar stick in
the shades burnished bronze I adore how
this shades and these kind of bronzy
tones look on the eyes it's just so
simple to just apply one eyeshadow build
it up blend out obsessed for my eyeliner
today I'm going to take the tight liner
eye cake in the shades black now I was
going to use a really stunning navy blue
but okay I did kind of chicken out a
little bit I went for safety black and
for my mascara today I've got the full
blown volume supreme with my eyes done
let's finish up with the face
illuminator devotion and this will just
add some beautiful lightness and
brightness and shine and shimmer and
reflections and I love highlighter so
I'm just gonna apply that onto the
highest points of my cheeks and also I'm
gonna really concentrate in the corner
my eyes follow up for the natural lip
liner today I'm using the plump berry
lip liner again I love the shade it is
such it gives you for my actual lip
shade and then I'm also gonna apply the
plump berry lipstick as well so I've
lined my lips
and finally to bring the whole work
together I'm just gonna finish it up for
the touch of lip gloss this is the lip
glace in the shades BAE baebae
and this is the finished look thank you
so much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this video and yeah this is my
glam goal OE a makeup look inspired by
the new Laura Mercier translucent loose
setting powder glow I am freakin
obsessed with this kind of makeup look I
feel like all of my saved images on
Instagram are like this kind of makeup
look and I am RM literally living for
this powder so thank you so much Laura
message believing in me and thank you so
much if literally it still does make me
like pinch myself I get to work with
some of my favorite brands in the world
so thank you so much Laura Mercier and
there is so much to you guys for
watching
only if you enjoyed this video let me
know what you think in the comment
section down below I'll see you guys
soon bye
