recently I tested and tried out a
brand-new concealer and I was so frickin
blown away long-lasting it didn't cake
and it was only three pounds today I'm
hoping to have the same great experience
and I've actually got a brand new
foundation to test and try out now if
you haven't worked out what I'm talking
about just yet it is the brand new
foundation stick from makeup revolution
it doesn't be all super luxe however it
doesn't also look like it goes five
pounds or less you don't get the
greatest amount of foundation but it is
super full coverage then you don't
actually need that much so really one
way to find out let's get swatching
out of all of the swatches I've chosen
three different shades to try today f1
f2 and I think I'm gonna go with the f7
I do reserve the right to change that if
I don't feel like it so let's get
started I'm literally just touching that
with my brush I cannot believe that this
is at five pounds of foundation it looks
so freaking good I did not expect it to
give me that level of flawless coverage
if you told me three months ago my new
favorite foundation and concealer
combination would be from makeup
revolution I would never have believed
you
I'm just gonna add a little bit of
contour quickly I have to go for 10
again like I did on my concealer and I'm
going to use the same brush
I literally don't even know what to say
guys this is so oh it's it's possible
I'm gonna go back to the concealer to
find concealer that we tested out
recently it is positively crazier and
blow in it looks natural it doesn't look
15 cakey I don't smoke that's trying to
loose some powder finish up the rest of
my major and I'll be right back
okay guys so this is the finished look
I've got a little bit of ellipse
eyeshadow mascara brows blush and
highlight gonna leave this here I'm
shooting in the studio all day today so
I don't think I'm gonna have chance
between doing it or you can check in and
let you guys know how my face is getting
on see you guys in a bit
bye hey guys and welcome back so the
time is now 2 a.m. and this makeup has
been on my face in over 18 hours I'm
just gonna use two words message I mean
I'm not even gonna say hot mess I'm just
gonna say down right basically I've lost
about half my eyebrow my eye shadow has
vanished my lipstick is non-existent I
don't even know where to begin on the
base we've got a lot of pigmentation
coming through along my jaw heavy
creasing in the under eye area my smile
lines have definitely creased my
foreheads is basically all over the
place there is not a lot left on my face
my Marc Jacobs mascara is hanging on and
the supposed to be looking okay actually
I think that's the most successful @lmp
products if you are looking for
something that can get you through a
mammoth to 18 hour day or like it
swallow a day this one however 5 pounds
I've definitely seen so much worse long
wearing foundations that cost the same
price I really don't think there is it
just doesn't give you all the longevity
that you may be wanting it's just barely
there anymore and it's taking everything
else with we go guys that is it those
are my final thoughts on the makeup
revolution fast base foundation stick
now I would love to hear what you think
and what you thought of the makeup and
the weight test and this foundation
today so do let me know in the comment
section down below thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
video and as always thank you so much
for all of your support all of your love
and all of your messages and email I
love you guys thank you so much for
being here and support him beyond this
channel it means so much
please make sure you hit that subscribe
button and get this video a huge thumbs
up and for more testing videos you can
click here or here thanks guys I'll see
you soon bye
