hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
drugstore cut crease makeup look don't
forget to subscribe and let's get
started let's start off with primer and
today I'm using the NYX Hydra touch
primer I'm using this one to add an
extra boost of moisture to my skin full
foundation today I'm using the Loreal
Newton magic cushion foundation and this
is in the shade 0-1 so I'm literally
just tap in that foundation into my skin
and making sure to really press it in so
it doesn't sit on the surface to conceal
today I'm using the NYX correct and
conceal palette now I've never actually
used this before I have swatched it a
couple of times so I'm hoping that it
will actually work but it looks very
similar to the Mac Pro conceal palette
I'm just going to conceal any breakouts
that may still be showing through the
foundation that we might not want to see
next I'm going to fill in my brows and
to do that I'm using the NYX micro brow
pencil in the shade brunette a really
good suit for the Anastasia brow waves
which is a lot more expensive
using a clean and gold blinder brush I'm
just going to go ahead and neaten up the
under area of the brow for eyeshadow
today I'm using the NYX California
palette and this has an amazing range of
really lovely neutrals and then there is
a bright pop of blue in there as well
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to take
this shade here and this is called beach
bum and I'm going to go ahead and apply
that in the crease taking the shades
grizzly bear I'm just going to deepen up
that crease I'm going to swap to a
smaller brush and just apply a touch
more of that shade grizzly bear into the
crease taking a small amount of the
shade Redwoods I'm just going to go
ahead and roll that into the crease I'm
back to the NYX conceal and correct
palette I'm taking a small amount of
these two shades and I'm just going to
go ahead and carve out my eye for a cut
crease so basically I'm just applying
this shade all over the lid and I'm not
going further than the crease
now I'm just going to go back to that
fat brush we used earlier and just
slightly blend that concealer up where
the concealer meets the brown I'm just
going to set that concealer using this
shade here which is called the OC Orange
County and just apply that shadow
directly over the concealer now that the
hardest part about eyeshadow is done
let's move over to eyeliner and today
I'm using the Maybelline master precise
eyeliner next up mascara and today I'm
using the Loreal mega volume miss hippie
mascara for lashes today I'm using the
our dough press and go whispies now I
have no idea how these things work oh so
you just take that off and I don't know
how the lash actually comes off the
holder this could go horribly wrong haha
I can't believe that actually worked
press it on and just flick down this is
like the greatest invention ever soaked
about those I'm not going to lie that
was pretty freakin impressive now that
my lashes are on I'm just going to take
that master precise eyeliner and once
again just darken up over the lash line
alright that lash is starting to come
off already just going to take the ends
of a brush prep up see that's how secure
they are I knew it was too good to be
true maybe they didn't come with lash
glue on them maybe that's why they're
not sticking no they do it's their self
adhesive they're just not very sticky it
was all going so well and I had so many
positive things to say absolute disaster
so I'm just using the duo lash glue that
actually smells like super glue I know
it's not but it smells like
and I'm just going to wait for that to
go tacky and then press and apply that
back on to color correct my under-eye
area
I'm taking this slight pinky peach shade
from the NYX correct and conceal palette
I'm just going to go ahead and apply
that using my finger to the under eye
area and then using the Urban Decay
domed concealer brush I'm just going to
blend that out to add some warmth to my
skin I'm using the Loreal glam bronze
cushion du Soleil I'm going to take a
foundation brush to apply this today
partly because I don't actually know
where the sponges and partly because I
find it easier sometimes going to go
ahead and contour and bronze up my skin
and to blend out that contour slightly
I'm using the cushion that I use to
apply my foundation to conceal my under
eye area I'm using the Maybelline the
fit me concealer and this is in the
shade 15
using that same domed concealer brush
from Urban Decay I'm just going to blend
that out I'm also going to apply that
same concealer onto my chin and the
middle of my forehead to set my
concealer I'm using the Vichy
translucent powder now this is one of my
favorite setting powders to use now that
my base is set let's finish off the
under eye area taking the shade beachbum
and just gonna roll over onto the lower
lash line can we take the shade grizzly
bin and finally I'm going to take a
little bit more of the shade redwoods
warm up that lower lash line I'm going
to add a touch more mascara really bring
this whole lick together I need to apply
some highlight blush and some extra
contour I'm going to go ahead and use
the Rimmel sculpting palette and this is
the number three golden bronze palette
so first of all I'm going to take that
contour shade add on a large fluffy
brush I'm just going to go ahead and
apply that into the hollows of my cheeks
I'm also going to take a touch of that
powder onto my hairline rather than
applying this blush on to the apples of
my cheeks I'm just going to take it
outward towards the hairline
and I'm going to finish it with that
highlight
I'm also going to take that onto my nose
and my cupids bow and using the small
smoky smudger brush from urban decay I'm
just going to apply that into the tear
duct and finally to bring the whole look
together
I'm using the Maybelline vivid matte
liquid and this is in the shade berry
boost
okay so I've taken off the pink because
I just kind of wasn't feeling it and
instead I'm going to use the NYX liquid
suede lipstick and this is in the shade
vintage retro and here is the finished
look this is my drugstore cut crease
makeup look a halibut flick a cut crease
we've got a dark lip loads a highlighter
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this video and if you
have any requests the future looks then
please do let me know in the comment
section down below thank you so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe I'll
see you guys soon
