hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through a super quick and
easy summer get ready with me in the
morning I like to cleanse my face in a
really easy way using the LA roche-posay
effaclar micellar water it's really easy
to do you literally just swipe it on a
cotton pad over your skin and your skin
is nice and cleansed ready to start the
day I like to do a more in-depth
cleansing routine in the evening time
but this one works really well in the
morning
next up SPF I'm using the LA roche-posay
Anthelios XL a 50 SPF it's always so
important to use the right SPF for your
skin type although some foundations and
moisturizers do contain SPF it's not
often enough to protect your skin
against UVA rays throughout the day to
prime today I'm using the LA roche-posay
effaclar duo plus in affiant now this is
a tinted mineral based version of the
cult item which is the duo plus cream
this you can use is a primer or you can
also use it as a base alone I'm going to
be using this as a primer today just to
help even up my skin tone and work on my
skin throughout the day for foundation
today I'm using the Giorgio Armani
luminous silk foundation in the shade 2
now I don't actually need to apply too
much foundation because I have already
applied the unify en't which does have a
slight level of tint to it but I'm just
going to go ahead and apply for bronze
today i'm using the l'oreal glam bronze
cushion du Soleil and I'm just applying
that using the cushion into the hollows
of my cheeks and across my forehead
before moving back to that NYX sponge
and just gently blending that out and to
contour today I'm using the NYX sculpt
and highlight face duo and I'm just
applying that into the hollows of my
cheeks across my forehead and down the
sides of my nose
this will really just intensify those
cheekbones and the forehead and give us
that
all together contoured look for my brows
I'm using the NYX micro brow pencil in
the shade brunette this is a great
pencil for getting the natural brow look
but I shadow I'm using the NYX stroke of
genius palette and I'm starting with
this shade and just applying it all over
my eyes first of all then moving on to
the lightest shade and I'm just going to
dot that into the center of the lids
just add a touch of highlight there for
mascara today I'm using the volume and
millions from L'Oreal and just coating
my lashes with this to conceal my under
eyes I'm using the Urban Decay Naked
skin in the shade fit neutral and I'm
just applying that to the under eye area
at my chin my nose and my forehead this
will act as a concealer for any
breakouts or blemishes and it will also
act as a highlighter - first of all I
like to go in with my finger blend that
out and then I swap to a sponge
afterwards so take your time blend
slowly and make sure you don't have any
rough edges to set my base I'm using the
YSL compact radiance Perfector and I'm
using the other side sponge to do this
and these sponges are actually great for
multitasking then I'm going back to that
stroke of genius palette and just
applying that shadow to the under eye
area following with another coat of
mascara for the lower lashes going back
to the stroke of genius palette I'm
going to apply it as a blush and then
taking the lightest shade I'm going to
use this as the highlight on the tops of
my cheekbones the tip of my nose and
Cupid's bow for lips today I'm using the
NYX simply nude lip crayon and I'm just
applying that all over my lips and then
once I've got an even coat I'm taking
the lip pencil in the shade and natural
and just going to define the outer edges
of my lip using that pencil that I'll
give a really beautiful natural ombre
lip effect
and to finish off the look I'm taking
the NYX wonder pencil in the lower lash
line and then finally finishing with
another touch of the stroke of genius
lightest shade in the inner corner of my
eye and also to highlight under my brow
bone and here's the finished look from
skincare and SPF to makeup it's so easy
to achieve and for me summer in London
is all about spending time with my
friends and I actually ditched the black
and I will converse and blue jeans like
almost every day that's my go-to look
and one of my favorite summer scents is
the victim Roth Bambang Couture perfume
I love this scent
I feel like this look is a really easy
way to take you from morning through to
evening whilst also protecting your skin
from the Sun and from the pollution in
the city thank you so much for watching
I really hope you enjoyed this video and
this style of get ready with me thank
you so much for watching don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you guys soon bye
