hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
snapchat inspired butterfly filter
makeup look
first of all I'm just going to pin my
hair back then let's get straight to it
to prime I'm using the Smashbox photo
finish primer because we need to have
that perfect camera-ready skin in this
look so I'm just applying that primer
then moving on to the Marc Jacobs
remarkable foundation this is not an
everyday natural makeup look it is a
full coverage look so it needs a full
coverage foundation
next let's move on to brows using the
NYX micro brow pencils just fill in my
brows this is a super affordable and
easy way to get that full brow look
and to set my brows I'm using the
Primark clear brow gel eye shadow today
I'm going to be using the Kat Von D
shade + light contour palette so first
of all I'm taking the yellow kind of
like banana set powder and I'm just
using that as a base to even out my lips
before moving straight into this middle
contour shade I'm just going to very
lightly roll that along the deepest part
of the crease I don't want to have too
much color but I definitely want to add
some depth there for the lid color today
I'm using the morphe 12s palette and
taking this light golden shade all over
the lid up into the crease you can use
any gold eyeshadow for this finally I'm
going back to that darkest contour shade
and just roll in that in the deepest
part of the crease very gently take your
time on this I'm also going to use this
as eyeliner so taking an angled liner
brush I'm just going to apply that along
the upper lash line for mascara today
I'm using the Rimmel London volume
colorist now what I like about this
mascara is that it gradually tints your
lashes over time which i think is pretty
cool for lashes I'm using the Lily
lashes Kuwait ghalichi glam collection
lashes and I'm applying those as always
using my house of lashes glue because it
is the best let's do some color
correction using the Smashbox color
correcting stick now if you tilt your
face forward you should see the deepest
part of that under-eye circle that's
where you want to apply your color
corrector for blush we're using the
Daniel Sandler watercolor blush in the
shade golden glow now this is a
watercolor blush so it's supposed to be
a light flash of color nothing too heavy
and it is so subtle and beautiful on the
skin using the hourglass vanish
foundation stick in the shade Blanc I'm
just going to conceal my under eye area
now this is a foundation but it is the
most pigmented foundation I think I've
ever tried and it is incredible for
getting that full coverage look so I'm
just going to go ahead and apply that
and then blend it out once again using
that same miracle complexion sponge and
as you
see this is really given that flawless
finish take your time on this and you
want to definitely go for at least two
shades lighter on your highlight for
this look
using the Ben 9 neutral set colorless
powder I'm just going to set that
foundation now that we've set our base
let's move back to contour in taking
that medium shade from the shade and
light palette I'm just going to contour
the hollows of my cheeks along the top
of my forehead also down the sides of my
nose to bring a little bit more
definition there and definitely under
the chin I'm also going to run this on
the lower lash line before applying one
more coat of that Rimmel volume colorist
mascara on the lower lashes
next up highlight let's go for the mary
lou manizer because i haven't used this
in what feels like forever so I'm
applying a lot of that let's just say a
lot of that along the highest points of
my cheeks my nose my Cupid's bow under
my brows just just basically all over my
face yeah it's going everywhere also the
inner corners of my eyes and why not
just put it on your eyelids as well for
lips today we have the Charlotte Tilbury
lip liner in the shade nude Sam's gonna
go ahead and outline my lips before
starting to just feather in the outer
corners for lipstick today I'm using the
Anastasia liquid lipstick in the shade
naked I didn't actually like how this
lipstick looked I feel like it was too
dark so I went over it using the Rimmel
London 48 Kate Moss lipstick I
definitely feel like this was a nicer
lighter color finishing the lips with
the Marc Jacobs lip balm of course you
can use any lip balm or lip gloss to do
this without makeup complete there's
just one thing missing
cow I made my butterflies it's so simple
to do we're going to need a pack of
paper butterflies some spray adhesive
and of course some glitter also a box
because this gets real messy real quick
close your butterfly in the box just
give it a spray
spray adhesive then sprinkle the glitter
on it is literally that easy to do wait
for a minute or two and then lift it up
and do the same on the other side the
sprinkle net glitter and try and make
sure you don't spill the box because
otherwise glitter goes everywhere and
that is it that is how you make the
butterflies you just repeat as many
times as you want there bendy they fold
I bought these from Amazon and they
actually come with magnets on the back
so I'm just taking a knife and I'm just
going to scrape off the glitter and the
glue from the magnet now you can of
course glue these to a hair clip I'm
just gonna use the magnet today on a
hairpin because why not it seems like a
sensible thing to do I'm just going to
go ahead and position some hair clips
where I would like my butterflies to be
and then it's just a case of practicing
laying them out seeing how they look
I'm so clumsy and then just moving them
around until you get them in a place
where you're happy with them now that
you have your butterflies in place and
ready to go it's time to move on to the
final part of this look using the NYX
glitter primer I'm just going to go
ahead and map out where I'd like my
golden trail to be and for glitter today
I'm going to be using the NYX glitter
and this is in the shade gold so go
ahead and just dot a little bit of that
glitter onto the areas where you apply
to that primer I did actually apply this
slightly too low but I'm committed so
I'm just going to go with it and here's
the finished look my snapchat butterfly
filter inspired makeup look thank you so
much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this video I had so much fun
making it don't forget to subscribe I'll
see you guys soon bye
