hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this kind
of edgy glam black and white makeup look
so if you want to find out how to get
this look just keep watching starting
with the NYX born to glow illuminating
primer I'm just going to prime at my
skin so I'm just applying that all over
my skin and then just making sure that
that's all blended in smoothly for
foundation today I'm using the Marc
Jacobs remarkable foundation now I like
to actually mix the shade ivory and
ivory lights together because I feel
like if that's a better shade for my
skin today I've added slightly more
ivory lights than I usually works just
to make my face a little bit paler
because I feel like that will emphasize
that real black and white stock makeup
look just applying that and buffing that
out slowly you really don't need much of
this product moving on to the brows and
I'm just going to brush through them to
make sure the hairs are all going in the
right direction
then taking the NYX eyebrow gel in the
shade brunette I'm going to start
filling in my brows you've watched my
videos for a while then you will know
that I love this product it is so good
and easy to use next I'm just going to
set the hairs in place using the Primark
yes I love you eyebrow mascara and then
move straight on to the lids using the
Clinique vanilla pop eyeshadow as a base
will give us a nice flawless start to
our eye shadow taking the shade heroine
from Illamasqua
I'm just going to lightly emphasize that
crease to give a little bit more
definition to the eye now it's time for
the main attraction eyeliner I'm using
two liquid liners today the white and
the black liquid liners from NYX
starting with the black I'm just going
to map out the shape of where I want my
wing to be this is such an easy thing to
do and it looks so cool when it's done
gradually start filling in that wing
using the black then we're gonna swap to
the white liner and again start layer in
and just filling in those dots take your
time there's no right or wrong on this
just layer and
hold up the pattern slowly you go for
like a little Dalmatian by but you can
do it however you feel and it looks so
cool when it's done when you're happy
with your liner move on to mascara today
I'm using the lash sensational from
Maybelline because it's my favorite so
I'm just gonna go ahead and apply a
small coat of that before moving on to
the Rosie be lashes these of the fling
lashes and they're a 3/4 length that are
just really fluttery and beautiful after
I've applied my lashes I'm just gonna go
ahead and apply one more small coat of
mascara to make sure they're all joined
together at the root
next up under eyes using the NARS
radiant creamy concealer I'm just going
to conceal my under eye circles which I
always seem to have right now they're
getting darker and darker every day I'm
just gonna go ahead and apply that then
blend it out using my finger before
moving on to the brush and just blending
out those edges go as hard always light
on this concealer as you feel remember
it's all up to you a makeup should be
fun I'm certain that using the Ben Nye
neutral set colorless powder and I'm
just using the lightest of touches on
this powder I don't want my skin to be
too heavy so just a very very light
dusting on this area back to that
Parowan eyeshadow to add a touch of
shadow to the under eye area before
finishing off with a coating of mascara
with our eyes done let's move back to
the base to contour and use in the
Maybelline master V contour stick and
I'm just going to apply that into the
usual places
so the hollows of my cheeks at my chin
my forehead and also down the sides of
my nose once that are supplied I'm just
going to go ahead and start blending
that out I feel like it is such a great
shade for pale skin because it looks so
natural and it doesn't have that orange
e warm shades that a lot of drugstore
contour products do it's definitely a
little bit more ashy and a little bit
more tophi so definitely check it out
for blush today I'm using the Daniel
Sandler watercolor blush in the shade
golden glow this is such a beautiful
lightweight blush and perfect for summer
next up glow I'm using the Anastasia Sun
dips glow kit and taking the shade
summer which I am so obsessed with right
now
I can't stop wearing this I'm applying
that to the highest points of my cheeks
as usual my Cupid's bow also above my
eyebrows and I'm not gonna lie I just
got carried away now and just thought
screw it I'm gonna apply it everywhere
yeah I don't even know next up lips and
I'm using the Kylie lip kit in the shade
dead of night which is essentially a
black lip liner and a black liquid
lipstick now if you don't have this
there are other black lipsticks out
there that are more easily available and
definitely a lot cheaper so I'm gonna
take my time applying that black lip
liner because it's a black lip liner
don't you know don't go too hard
take your time don't screw it up and
once that is applied all open my lips
I'm taking the liquid lipstick and I'm
just gonna go ahead and fill in my lips
using that I did have to use two coats
of this liquid lipstick to get an even a
full coverage color how do you guys feel
about black lipstick let me know in the
comment section below I know it's
definitely a love or hate product but
yeah let me know your thoughts and
here's the finished look my edgy
black-and-white glam makeup thank you so
much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this video don't forget to give
it a huge thumbs up and don't forget to
subscribe I'll see you guys soon bye
