hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how I got ready for my meet
and greet that I had in LA about two
weeks ago so if you want to find out how
I did my makeup then just keep watching
starting with the LA roche-posay
Anthelios XL 50 SPF to prep my skin and
make sure it's protected from the sun's
rays
before moving on to the bone to glow
illuminator from NYX Cosmetics I'm
applying this using a Giorgio Armani
brush and then I'm also moving on to an
Armani foundation this is the luminous
silk in the shade - I believe and I'm
just applying that using my NYX Beauty
Blender kind of dupe thing next I'm
moving on to brows and using the NYX
micro brow pencil now I had no idea this
pencil existed until I went to their
office and they let me raise their kind
of makeup stand and I didn't know if
this pencil existed and it is amazing so
yeah definitely check it out it's an
amazing dupe for brow Wiz from anastasia
beverly hills using the Mac Paint Pot in
the shade soft okay I'm just going to
prep my lids and then move on to the NYX
lid lingerie and I've never tried this
before I don't think they're out yet in
the UK but I believe they are in the US
and I just applied that and then blend
it out with my brush before moving on to
this purple shade from the NYX event pop
palette and I'm just using a very small
morphe brush to just get in there deep
in the crease and blend that out before
moving on to the next shade which is
this NYX black matte I think it's a
matte shadow anyway anyway it's just
black I'm just gonna apply it there in
the deepest part now I probably
shouldn't have gone for the black
because I kind of prefer how it looks
before but I'll add some eyeliner and
hope for the best
anyway and I swear this was really brave
of me to do this with this type of
eyeliner because I never used like a dip
eyeliner like this anymore I'm all about
the pen liners but I gave it a shot and
as always I added
or to the wing and then ended up ruin it
why didn't I just leave it the first
time anyway I'm gonna add some mascara
today I am using the NYX double stacked
mascara and this is quite interesting
because you apply the normal black
mascara and then you add the fibers and
then you go back over it with the black
mascara I wasn't really sure about it at
first but then I think with a bit of
practice I might get the hang of it
again I used the NYX wicked lashes I
have no idea NYX made false lashes I
think these lashes are good for a
natural everyday kind of look honestly
with this look I really wish that I went
for something a little bit more dramatic
next I'm taking the Daniel Sandler cream
blusher and this is in the shade Riviera
I think this is one of their bronzers
actually but I like to use it as a
contour because it's quite natural and
when it's super hot outside you do not
want loads of cream product on your face
so I'm going for really light products
and layer in a very carefully so this is
the L'Oreal the touch magic highlighting
pan it's a little bit like the wire cell
Touche Eclat I guess it's going to go
ahead apply that with the brush and then
blend it out using the same NYX Beauty
Blender tube I felt like this beautiful
Institute was good for applying
foundation but then when I used my Make
Up For Ever Ultra HD concealer I applied
that first and then blend it out with my
finger like I usually do and then I
moved into the sponge and ended up
taking like half the product away and I
didn't notice until it was too late and
I'd set my under eye area so yeah don't
use this sponge to blend out concealer
because you'll take it away so set that
I'm using the Ben Nye
neutral set colorless powder because
this is a great long-lasting powder that
will get you through hot weather rain
whatever it lasts for ages and it's
really great at setting at your makeup
so I've just applied that just to bake
it slightly and then I'm just going to
sweep the excess away with a brush and
touch up that under-eye area using some
more at that event
pop a shadow and a little bit of that
extra double stacked mascara and again I
wouldn't recommend this mascara on the
bottom lashes I would on the top using
the Marc Jacobs Omega bronzer I'm just
going to add a touch more warmth to my
skin and get myself looking summer ready
so I'm just gonna go ahead and run that
along using a crown brush I can't run
for which one this is but it's from
crown brushes and I'm pissed gonna go
ahead and work that bronzer into my skin
and for highlight I'm using the NYX
stroke of genius palette which is such a
good highlights in palettes by the way I
don't think I've seen anybody talking
about it but they should because it is
so on it right now and yeah I'm just
gonna go ahead using the lightest shade
and just apply that on to the highest
points of my face so much oops nose in
between at my eyes and also my Cupid's
bow before taking the Anastacio liquid
lipstick in the shade catnip and I'm
just going to go ahead and apply this
all over my lips and here's the finished
look
this was the look I wore to my meet up
that I had in NICs
at their office about two weeks ago and
I had so much fun meeting you guys it
was amazing and it always does
make my day so thank you so much to
everybody that came out everybody that's
in the video and everyone that's not in
the video I loved meeting you or thank
you so that's it for this week's video
don't forget to give it a huge thumbs up
and don't forget to subscribe I'll see
you guys soon bye
