hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through some cheap dupes for
expensive products so let's get started
first up primer I have the Estee Lauder
flush illuminator from the Estee edit
and the 17 skin Wow three-way
highlighter so on the right hand side of
the screen I will be applying all the
cheaper products and the left hand side
is where the expensive products will be
applied I'm using a Giorgio Armani brush
to do this today you can use any kind of
foundation or brush or even your fingers
whatever you prefer
next up foundation we have the lorac
perfection versus the maybelline
superstay 24 now I actually preferred
the lorac perfection and this because I
feel like it gave a nicer finish on the
skin and I did feel like it lasted
slightly longer but if you are fairer in
skin tone and you are looking for a
drugstore foundation then definitely
give the Maybelline one a try I was
quite impressed with the shade I just
didn't feel like it lasted long enough
on my skin compared to the lorac
perfection next up brows we have the
Anastasia brow pencil versus the Primark
brow pencil so first of all I'm going in
with the Primark one and I did find that
this was an incredibly soft pencil to
use it reminded me of a soft Kohl
eyeliner and the anastasi one was
definitely firmer which let you get more
of a natural brush stroke I think it's
worth giving the Primark one a shot but
personally I much preferred the
Anastacio pencil next up concealer I
have the Urban Decay Naked skin this is
the NYX HD concealer the porcelain HD
concealer is slightly Pinker in tone
than the Urban Decay concealer that I'm
using today because that one is in a
neutral tone both are quite good product
so I think it depending on what your
budget is depending on which one that
you prefer
next up brow gel it's a Nastasia this is
Primark again and there is only one
winner in this today
it's the Primark one it is so good for
one pound moving on to eye shadow we
have the Naked basics palette its base
the Maybelline the nudes I'm starting
with this cream shades and just applying
that using a fluffy brush all over the
lid moving on to a topi Brown shades to
use in our crease this will act as our
transition color so again I'm just
buffing that in using a windscreen wiper
motion I found that the maybelline shade
was slightly warmer than the urban decay
one but I didn't mind either really I
think they're both as good as each other
I'm taking the black shadow from each
palette and I definitely found that I
had to work slightly harder with the
Maybelline black shadow it wasn't as
pigmented as I liked and I did find that
it went slightly gray and a little bit
muddy where is the urban decay shade was
just like boom
black so that was definitely a stronger
shadow and definitely better I'm
finishing that with lightest shimmer
shade and I do definitely prefer how the
drugstore product worked on this instant
I felt it was a nicer color and gave a
better effect on the eyes let's move on
to eyeliner today I have the wire sell
shocking eyeliner this is the Maybelline
master precise now these two are
incredibly similar products the tip on
them is almost identical I did find that
the formula was slightly better in the
high-end product as it was slightly
easier to work with and I felt like it
wasn't dragging as much on my eyes but
the price on the Maybelline one makes it
a much better buy in my opinion they
each have good and bad points for
mascara today I had the Elizabeth Arden
grant and transverses the Maybelline
lash sensational I actually preferred
the Maybelline mascara on this I am a
huge fan of Elizabeth Arden but I just
wasn't feeling this product it just
didn't really work very well for me and
I felt like the Maybelline mascara gave
me so much more with our eyes done let's
go back to the base I'm taking my NYX
and my urban decay concealer and I'm
just going to conceal the under-eye area
my chin and also my foreheads to
highlight
next I'm just going to go ahead with my
finger and start to Pat and blend that
out before moving on to my Real
Techniques miracle complexion sponge to
just bounce it all out evenly
let's move on to blush I have the
Elizabeth Arden nectar blush versus the
anyway blush perfection in blossom I did
prefer the formula in the Elizabeth
Arden blusher but the MUA blush is two
pounds you can't beat that
moving on to powder we have the Givenchy
powder versus the Ben 9 neutral set I'm
just applying my neutral set to the
under eye area also my chin and any
areas where we applied that concealer
I'm also doing the same on the other
side there was quite a big price
difference on this I know Ben Nye isn't
a drugstore brand but it is incredibly
cheap for a high quality product to
contour today I have the NSL Zia powder
contour kit and the NYX HD contour and
highlight palette I'm just applying that
to the hollows of my cheeks my forehead
and along at the bottom of my jaw out of
the two I definitely prefer the NYX HD
palette I don't really use the anastacio
one that much anymore but love the NYX
palette back to that shadow to blend out
the under-eye area and bring the whole
look together finish off those eyes with
a coat of mascara next up highlighters
I've got the bombs mary lou manizer and
the anyway undress your skin highlight
both of these products are incredibly
pigmented and are both gold toned
highlighters they're really really easy
to use and I can't really decide between
the two which one I most love to be
honest I think they're both good and
depending on which budgets that you're
working with check them both out because
you might be pleasantly surprised let's
finish off with some lips I have the
Anastasio soft lilac and the Sephora
marvelous mouth I did get the color
match slightly wrong on this I'm sorry
it's not an exact G in terms of shades
but they are both similar products and
here's the finished look my cheap dupes
for expensive products let me know what
you've ordered this style of video in
the comments guys thank you so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe I'll
see you guys soon bye
