hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
bright multicolored makeup look so if
you want to find out how to get this
look just keep watching starting with
the 17 skin well 3y highlighter I'm just
going to prime my skin this gives us a
really luscious radiance underneath our
foundation and today I'm going to be
using the Revlon Colorstay in the shade
150 so I'm just using my Real Techniques
miracle complexion sponge to just apply
that all over my skin for brows today
I'm using the NYX sculpting the
highlights pencil first of all I'm going
to start using the brow and and just
fill in my brows then I like to take a
clean brush and this is a really great
way of sharpening up the brows without
introducing extra products next I'm
going to use the highlight end of that
product and use this to sharpen up and
brighten my brow bone I'm also going to
use this to prime my eyelids too because
it's just easier sometimes for eyeshadow
today i'm using the loreal paris
shocking seductive rose blusher first of
all I'm just going to find and smooth
out a transition before going in with
that intense berry color and I'm going
to use this to add a little bit more
depth
next up eyeliner and this is the main
attraction today I'm taking five shades
of the NYX vivid brights line and I'm
starting with the shade vivid violet and
just gently applying some dots in the
outline of where I want my wing to be
before moving on to the next shade this
is the color vivid rose and once again
I'm just going to fill in the dots and
carry on with the placement of where I
want my wing to be the best bit about
this look is you build it up slowly next
I'm taking vivid sapphire you can apply
your colors anywhere you like and you
can use as many or as few as you want
next up vivid petal which is a beautiful
pastel pink shade and once again I'm
just applying it in the same way just
starting that where I want my eyeliner
to be and the final shade is the NYX
vivid escape which is a really cute
Haskell green once you've applied all
your colors just fill in the gaps and
carry on layering until you've got it to
a place where you are happy for mascara
today and we're in the Maybelline lash
sensational luscious and for lashes the
rosy be hey de Ulua lashes
with our eyes done I'm going to move
back to the base so I'm going to take
the sleek cream contour palette and
first of all I'm going to contour the
hollows of my cheeks my forehead chin
adds the sides of my jaw
next I'm going to take the lightest
shade in the palette and I'm going to
try and use this to highlight now I did
actually use the wrong brush for this I
used quite a long a bristle brush when
really I should have used something a
bit closer but I've committed now so I'm
just going to go with it so I've applied
the highlight and then I'm going to take
my Real Techniques miracle complexion
sponge once again to blend that out
I love drugstore products but I was
slightly disappointed with this contour
palette I felt like it slightly missed
the mark and didn't quite offer enough
in terms of coverage and longevity
taking the LA girl Pro conceal in the
shade porcelain I'm just going to
conceal my under eye area and once again
just go over those highlight areas to
provide an extra little bit of coverage
so I'm just going to blend that
concealer out using my finger and then
moving on to the miracle complexion
sponge take your time on this and blend
it out slowly to set my concealer I'm
using the Vichy dermablend translucent
powder so I'm just going to gently tap
that onto the under eye area and I'm
also going to apply that powder to the
other areas where we concealed but I'm
going to leave the edges of my face
three from powder to deepen up my
contour and using the NYX highlight and
contour pro palette so I'm just going to
apply a touch at the contour powder
before moving on to the highlight shade
this is actually such an incredible
highlight and I think this palette is
worth it even if it's just for the
highlight shade it is so good and every
time I wear this everyone is always
asking me what highlighter I'm wearing
it's this one
when you got your highlight to a point
where you glow in the dark move on to
blush I'm going back to that L'Oreal
shocking blush and just gently tapping
that onto my cheeks and for lipstick I'm
using the Pink's Pro lip cream palette
from NYX I'm taking shade number two and
using a lip brush I'm just going to
apply that all over my lips next I'm
taking shade number two which is a
beautiful coral shade and I'm just going
to press that into the center of the
lips for a multi tonal look and here's
the finished look my drugstore bright
summer makeup look thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
video don't forget to subscribe and I'll
see you guys soon bye
and will grow in number whew
to see the whore
you
