hi guys and welcome back so today I'm
doing something a little bit different
for my channel and this has been so
freaking highly requested it I don't
know why but it's been so highly
requested so I thought I would give it a
shot and today I'm going to be reacting
to teens reacting to me perhaps freaking
weird
that's so weird today I'm going to be
reacting to the fine brothers video
called
teens react - you look disgusting last
year I made a film called you look
disgusting and I absolutely had no idea
you know what would happen after making
it I was really scared
to make this film and I was really
scared to post it I remember being on
the phone to one of my best friends
Lauren who is losing luck Noren on
YouTube go check her out and but I was
on the phone to Lauren saying Lauren and
it's the hottest day of the year I'm
wearing polyester I'm freakin sweatin
and I'm about to hit publish because I
was so scared to post it but I posted it
and it went insane I mean like I posted
it at 9 o'clock on a Wednesday night and
by 9 o'clock the next morning I was
getting emails from every kind of major
news outlet like the Western world it
was insane I cannot even begin to tell
you how crazy that is
but it was insane and I can't believe
that it's hit 20 million bees yeah
that's crazy I find it really
fascinating seeing how people react to
it because I understand that people can
go two ways some people can get it and
understands how I felt and how many
other people felt and other people who
like alright it's the internet love
chill out go get a life or something
anyway
I'm gonna shut up because nobody
actually likes people talking
before the bit that you actually want to
watch so that he knows he actually cares
um I'm just gonna shut up and and watch
it now yeah let's do this
I'm really scared
I began posting images of myself without
makeup on social media during that time
hundreds of people commented on my
feelings following hope contains real
comments that were left all those images
oh my god wait I really like this video
these are actual comments people feel
the need to leave about her this is so
much why do people take time out of
their own lives just to make other
people like feel bad about themselves it
doesn't make sense to me
I'm gonna cry
because I get it
oh thank you
this is just silence they're just not
saying she gets it she gets it
I never know if the guys are gonna get
it I never know the underside the big
problem social media oh my god they
gonna make me cry I feel like I'm
motivated I feel like I'm no prepared
for this you are beautiful inside and
out and that you should always be
yourself so yes a superior or even you
think there's such a standard in our
society where all these kids on social
media are too big there's always stuff
like that
I mean or some especially like my hands
I have scleroderma and it affects the
scar tissues and my fingers it closes
blood canals so that's why I've
experienced a lot of light stuff like
that at first you can just brush it off
those like the second time around then
you're thinking about that in the middle
of the night your opinion and you're
entitled to voice your opinion but that
doesn't mean that you always have to
remember face painting I don't like
anyone who's being bullied it's like you
want to say that they have no right
considered safe zones where people are
not allowed to express negative opinions
or they might face consequences such as
getting expelled from school what your
thoughts on parents teachers or the
government deciding which opinions are
okay I feel like it completely makes
sense why you would be so against this
if it were any other reason but bullying
people is so hurtful and it's not just
gonna hurt someone for a day or two it's
gonna hurt someone for the rest of their
life sometimes it only takes one moment
to change something a one young person
things about themselves you know
fascinating very different people's
opinions and then lots of her arguments
I find it's a fascinating it the ability
to express themselves however they want
positive because I definitely don't like
I have negative opinions on stuff
everyone has negative opinions on things
so I would never like tell anyone like
you don't deserve the right of free
speech everyone does but at the same
time everyone I could call the funny
ones
I really wish you know he's got nearly
20 million views what is it about this
to connect with people just because
everybody can relate to some bitch
everybody goes to your house I wish it
wasn't something that was so seen and
watched and related too because it's sad
it's awful Lisa that where it's like not
good enough but then doing too much and
it's like never really winning and
continues to be a big advocate against
negativity towards people's looks and
how social media sets unrealistic
expectations on beauty what would you
want to say to her for bringing this
issue to such a large audience
well props to you having the courage to
be crazy thank you so much finally
someone has said it like we've been
eating this for such a long time we need
to keep points farther I'm really happy
that someone's actually talking about
this in such a widespread such a
widespread way I'm sorry that this stuff
has happened to you and you're an
amazingly strong person for being the
voice for so many people who are unheard
and feels hurt every day you feel that
you should use the power of free speech
to express your voice more responsibly I
think I should be more responsible with
what I say but I'm probably still gonna
say negative comments
I feel like I'm such a mess right now
I feel like I'm like an emotional mess
right now oh my god thank you so much so
thank you for making me an emotional
wreck guys usually true and today
luckily I didn't put eyeliner on my
bottom lash line today
Oh makeup would be like damn here thank
you so much for watching and thank you
for understanding and for giving me hope
in the future generation gap but the
thing for me is you don't have to agree
with the message of the film it's just a
discussion start a discussion talk to
your friends about it to date whether
you think it's right or wrong you know
that's all I wanted to do all I wanted
to do is just start a conversation and I
guess I did it which is weird so thank
you I don't really know what to say I'll
see you guys soon don't forget to
subscribe and like this video all that
rubbish I'll see you soon bye
