I have seen so much hype for this
product all over Twitter all over the
beauty space there has been so much buzz
around this product you haven't worked
out what I'm talking about just yet it
is the brand-new conceal and define
concealer from makeup revolution there
were 18 shades available and I actually
have 17 to try for you guys today well I
did have 18 the bot boss but two of them
are the same yes I've actually seen a
couple of tweets online that say that
the makeup revolution concealer is
actually better than the Tarte shaped
ape concealer in terms of price
different they are quite far apart the
makeup Rev concealer retails for four
pounds I'm pretty sure the Tarte shaped
ape is around $20 20 plus dollars it's
the four pounds version is better than
the top version I am so totally okay
with saying by Tarte C like ah I will
use this one every day only say that we
do a full face of swatches so without
further ado let's get started
the difference between the lightest and
the deepest shade in this range is
incredible however I'm not qualified to
talk about if this is inclusive enough I
will leave a link down below a couple of
other creators who can talk more about
diversity and inclusivity when it comes
to skincare I've got the first four here
at shades see one two three and four and
I've also swatched them on the back of
my hand here I was going to use a shades
to try and cover up any pigmentation or
blemishes definitely go for shade number
two because shade three is a little bit
too pink for me and shade for is just
kind of like full boil and salmon dude
one is the perfect kind of shade or the
lighter patches of the skin and also for
trying to highlight - do you have acne
or break out - the best option is to
actually it decanter it's like a mixing
palette and then go in with a brush
rather than applying it straight onto
your skin so you're not transferring
bacteria from you know your skin into
the pot you're gonna have a bad touch
gently start tapping that over the areas
where I want to conceal and then I'm
just gonna use the concealed side of my
Luck's perfection brush just gently buff
that out okay so so far that is
Katherine
serious so I've changed tactics now I'm
just gonna dip my brush into the
concealer and just lay it on with the
concealed side of the brush and then
just switch over to the bigger side and
just very gently buff up I feel like
that's definitely a much better option
guys I'm actually blown away like I
don't know how to say I'm actually blown
away considering this is just concealer
I hope you put any foundation on I
literally got moisturizer and this is
just concealer going over the top
like the difference between these two
sides is insane and that is literally
just 1/4 pound concealer
holy God so it's cracking a little bit
in my smile lines from where I've just
laid it there but other words like I did
not think it would look that natural
just gonna give this a little bit of a
go on the shade c3 which is slightly
more pink tones then I usually go for
when you apply something's more pink in
the under eye area first and then you
can apply a little bit of a lighter on
the top that gives you more of a
flawless look rather than just applying
like a white over a dark circle which
then means you're gonna get great I'm
gonna use the shade c1 as a little bit
of a highlight in the under eye area I'm
also gonna take that shade c1 just into
the center of my forehead I know I keep
saying that but that looks so good
you're gonna take another shade now and
I'm gonna try it out as a little bit of
a contour c7 I'm gonna try c7 I'm gonna
use my NYX 32 brush to apply this today
it's just added a hint of natural
contour to your cheeks finally I'm gonna
take a small amount of dirt onto the top
of my forehead
and we've got this kind of level of
difference for the grand prize of
sixteen pound I am incredibly impressed
so I'm gonna move on to the other side
and let's see how it finishes up
coverage
that is literally the amount of product
from one scrape of a wand onto my hand
we need barely any product I'm gonna
take shape see one I'm gonna go ahead
again and use this as a highlight shave
I'm going back to the shade c72 contour
only criticism I have about it right now
is that I use two lights of cotton to
shade I feel like maybe I should have
gone for a scene 9 you know something I
just didn't want to go like too far and
then ruin it and then be sad do I want
to add a touch more on I feel like if I
do it maybe a terrible mistake
yeah that's what I needed but you need
to go a lot deeper than you think you're
gonna need when you're trying to use it
to contour and this is something I have
learned today
and there we go guys that is it this is
my finished concealed makeup look and I
do have to say that I am so impressed by
this conceal into fine concealer this is
done it's such a better job has given me
a flawless base than literally so many
high-end concealers and foundations puts
together I was not expecting it to be
that amazing went into it thinking oh
this could be a good one it would be the
one that we've been searching for I did
not expect to literally be like falling
off my chair at how amazing this is I do
have a little bit of a love-hate
relationship with makeup revolution like
how affordable their product up however
I do also dislike that so many of their
products are literally dupes like
manufactured dupes to be ripoffs of
another brand they haven't called it the
circle tape so it's far enough removed
for me to get behind it I'm just gonna
go out there and say that this has to be
the best affordable concealer I think I
have ever tried that's that's me like
done I feel like game over boom I don't
need to try any more concealers like oh
yeah we've we're done and it's like what
March now and makeup revolution of just
now with it let me know what you guys
think in the comment section down below
what did you think of this concealer
would you buy it and would you try it
let me know thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
video and for more Foundation and
concealer reviews you can click here or
here thanks for watching guys I'll see
you soon
