hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through my GG headed
inspired bronze makeup look using the 17
skin wow freeway highlighter I'm just
going to prep and prime my skin so I'm
just applying this highlighter using a
flat foundation brush you can use any
brush to do this or even your fingers
next up is the pixie h2o skin tint and
this is in the shade cream I'm applying
that once again using that same
foundation brush and this will give us a
light and glowy look that Gigi is known
for next up brows I'm using the
Elizabeth Arden beautiful color brow
Ansel and this is in the shade brown net
so I'm just gonna go ahead and start
filling in those brows using this add a
little bit more body to the brows
and to sharpen those brows and using a
clean angled liner brush to take off any
excess brow product and using the pixie
natural brow duo gel I'm just going to
brush the hairs into place and then
taking that same angled liner brush to
neaten them up once again for eyes
shadow today I'm using the pure minerals
eye polish in the shade suede and this
comes with this weird silicone
applicator that I'm using I've never
used the brush like this before I'm
giving it a shot and applying it using
the applicator and then I'm gonna take a
fluffy blending brush to just blend out
the edges let's move on to eyeliner I'm
using the zoeva graphic eyes eyeliner
pencil and this is in the shade glance
and I'm just applying this to my upper
waterline and then taking it slightly
onto the lashline if you feel like
you've messed it up slightly then just
take your binding brush and
blend it out for mascara I'm using the
Too Faced better than sex mascara and
I'm just applying a light coating just
to prep my lashes before we move
straight onto false lashes today I'm
wearing the rosy B i lure kitc lashes
these are so beautiful and if you
haven't seen Rosie's early on range you
should definitely check them out
with my lashes applied I'm now going to
add one more coat of mascara to blend
them all in together
moving on to bronzer I'm using L'Oreal
Christian du Soleil and I'm just
applying this onto basically the areas
where you'd usually contour but rather
than going for a contoured look I'm
gonna try and blend it out a little bit
more to have that beautiful bronzed skin
that Gigi always has and always look so
beautiful I want my skin to look bronzed
and glowy but I don't want there to be
any harsh lines so I'm just going back
and forth with my foundation brush and
the bronzer to create a smooth
transition for concealer I'm using the
Urban Decay Naked skin concealer and
this is one of my favorite concealers to
wear in the under eye area I feel like
it looks beautiful it looks glowy it
looks natural so I'm just gonna go ahead
and use that in the areas where I want
to add a touch of lightness to my face
which is usually the center of my face
and also my chin and forehead so I'm
just gonna go ahead and use that same
H&M foundation brush to blend this out
into the bronzer I'm trying to use as
many cream products here as possible to
keep it as natural looking and glowy
because I find that cream products
always look so much more natural on my
skin and I do tend to try and avoid
powders when I can especially if I want
to have a natural looking finish
well blush today I'm using the Daniel
Sandler watercolor cream blush and I
think this is in the shade Riviera I'll
leave all the links to all the products
I've used them below in the infobox so
if you want to check them out all the
info is right there and to highlight
today I'm using the collection speedy
highlighter in the color pearl machine I
love this highlighter I literally can't
stop using it I feel like it's such a
beautiful highlight for pale skin and
yeah love it love hand natural it looks
so I'm just going to go ahead and apply
that basically everywhere we're going
hard on the highlighter day so just go
with it apply it and then blend it out
using your finger and to correct a few
breakouts which are still showing
through I'm using my dear McCulloch
camouflage cream I do have a full
tutorial on how to cover acne so if you
would like to see that then I will leave
the link down below I'm just going to go
ahead and apply that camouflage cream
and lightly blend it out to set my under
eye concealer I'm using the Vichy
dermablend translucent powder and I'm
just going to go ahead and use a zoeva
powder brush to apply that I feel like
this powder is a really good dupe
actually for the Givenchy powder that
I've been using recently but I think
it's like a quarter of the price so if
you're looking to try a good strong
loose powder then this could be worth
checking out
okay so I'm going to go in with my NYX
highlight and contour pro palette and
take in the lightest highlight shade
because I didn't feel like I was glowy
enough for a Gigi Hadid look so I'm just
going to go ahead and add to touch more
highlight and apply a tiny bit of
contour just into the hollows of my
cheeks to try and give me her incredible
bone structure for lips today I'm using
the color riche palette and I'm taking
the lightest nudes shades first Gigi has
this kind of new
nearly there mixing going on so I'm
gonna go in with the lightest and then
take a slightly darker nude shade to add
a bit more depth and here's the finished
look
my GG headed inspired bronze makeup look
thank you so much for watching I really
really hope you enjoyed this video don't
forget to give it a big thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe I'll see you
guys soon bye hi guys and welcome back
today I'm talking you through how I
cover my acne scarring and redness this
is an easy way to make sure that you end
up with a natural-looking base
