hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how I cover my acne
scarring and redness this is an easy way
to make sure that you end up with a
natural-looking base I always prefer
using a tinted moisturizer such as the
pixie illuminating tint and conceal
because I feel like this gives a super
natural coverage when it comes to
covering acne and redness you want the
natural skin which doesn't have any
imperfections to look like skin and a
tinted moisturizer is a great way of
doing this the derma color camouflage
cream is a makeup artist staple and I
like to mix three different shades from
the dq1 palette together depending on
which part of my face I'm cover in after
applying some of the concealer onto the
back of my hand to warm it up I'll then
go in with a concealer brush and pin
point to conceal the areas which needs
an extra helping of coverage by applying
your concealer in this way you end up
with the most natural looking finish
next up is blendin i like to use the
warmth of my fingers to help blend this
product into my skin I feel like this is
one of the easier ways of working with
this product you can use a clean brush
or a makeup sponge it's completely up to
you and what you prefer
for a natural look
try using and illuminating concealer
this is the tree match from L'Oreal I'm
just applying that to the under eye area
and then once more I'm going to use my
finger to blend that out using the
smashbox ello lights cream blush stick
I'm going to add a touch of rosiness to
the cheeks for that natural rosy glow
and to hold the whole look together I'm
going to be using a translucent powder
this one is from Givenchy but you can
use any translucent powder that you like
to do this I'm just gently using a
powder puff and concentrating on the
under eye area and any areas where we
applied concealer and here's the
finished look I've just applied these
products to one half of my face so you
can really see the true difference thank
you so much for watching I really hope
you enjoyed this quick tutorial and if
you like this video don't forget to
subscribe for more bye hi guys and
welcome back so today I'm talking you
through my April favorite this drugstore
favorite is the 17 skin Wow
