hi guys and welcome back so today I'm
talking you through my April favorites I
feel like I haven't made one of these
videos in forever probably because I
haven't made one of these videos in
forever but I thought I'd mix things up
this week and film a favorites video for
you all I'm going to structure my April
favorites in a few different categories
so let's start off by talking about
beauty and makeup
my first drugstore favorite is 17 skin
Wow 3 Way highlighter and this says it's
for glow and prime I've been using this
product recently as a primer and I love
how it looks on my skin I used my skin
while primer by applying it with just a
flat foundation brush and I'll just
apply it straight on to the skin after
doing my skincare routine I find that
the finished effect of the skin wow it's
very very similar to the pixie glow ssin
de jus you won't get that added skincare
benefits in the 70 in the products that
you will in the pixie product but like
for like and how much it adds a
beautiful glow to your skin it's
incredibly similar at a fraction of the
price it doesn't make me look greasy or
sweaty also hasn't broken me out which
is always a good thing because I never
know who what will break me out
sometimes definitely recommend you patch
testing it in one area first just to
make sure you get on all right with it
before applying it all over your face
yeah the next product on my list is the
collection speedy highlighter and this
is in the shade pearl machine
I feel like this highlight is a very
easy way to get a natural looking glow
that you can just apply very quickly
blend out using your fingers and boom
run up the door off you go it doesn't
have tons of glitter that it leaves over
your skin which makes you feel like
you're emphasizing areas which you don't
want to emphasize I used this in my
everyday drugstore makeup look so if you
want to see this in action go check that
video out I will leave the link down
below you won't get that big instaglam
glow
using this product instead you're
getting natural tones down beautiful
glow that I think looks amazing
the next product on my list is the
Rimmel scandaleyes eyeliner in the shade
nude now I've always been disappointed
by nude eyeliner pencils I don't know
why but I must have tried every rubbish
eyeliner pen following the shade nude
out there I saw this one in Boots I had
no idea if it was gonna be any good
hadn't read a single review on it but
just bought it on a whim and it actually
works really well it stays in my
waterline and I love how it looks think
this was less than five pounds
yep that's really cheap if you have any
other recommendations for drugstore
eyeliners and please do let me know
because I want to try it some more
affordable eyeliners next up we have the
L'Oreal lipliner Couture by color riche
it makes me so happy now to be able to
find affordable lip liners because I do
not want to spend 20 pounds on a lip
liner every time I need to get a new
shade no not cool but this is the lip
liner that I picked up in the drugstore
I think I even got it in a 3-4 to deal
as well which made it even cheaper I
feel like it's the perfect my lips but
better shade and I am obsessed with this
I'm wearing it right now I'm wearing it
yesterday the day before I think I've
worn this every single day since I have
bought it doesn't drag on my lips Eva
which is always a big thing for me I
don't want something to be too dry and I
feel like I'm you know pollen at my lips
but this one it doesn't do that so yeah
definitely an affordable purchase that's
really easy to wear and looks great
during the day or whenever you know I
love it my final makeup products I have
for you guys today is a high-end product
and it is the giorgio armani luminous
silk foundation i hadn't used that much
about giorgio armani
Dacians before I picked one of these up
a couple of months ago and I fell in
love with it I know that is such a
cliche youtuber phrase but I love this
foundation it's very similar to the
Illamasqua skin based foundation but it
is slightly more of a lighter coverage
if you guys watched my videos for a
while and you know that I do prefer to
favor lighter coverage foundations and
pair them with a high coverage concealer
you get that more natural-looking skin
finish rather than foundation in terms
of longevity I do feel like it lasts all
day and I don't have to worry too much
calm five o'clock or six o'clock if I've
applied it in the morning that it is
kind of you know melted or slips or slid
off my face I do powder the central
areas of my face I leave the outer
corners to make sure that I do have some
natural jus eNOS Bay I do believe that
they have a vast variety of colors that
hopefully will cater to all skin tones
but do check it out in store give it a
swatch and see what you think let's talk
about body care in terms of shower gels
and that kind of thing I do love the
fruity scents of the original source
shower gels they are usually my go-to
ones I recently went to Poland for the
weekend and I took this with me and this
is the Korres guava shower gel and I
have no idea where this came from I
found it in one of my skincare drawers
and I thought oh that'll do that's
travel size it'll fit in my hand luggage
and I have no idea where it came from
but I am in love with this it smells
really tropical and fruity and fresh and
I just love everything about this
Squamish shower gel sounds a little bit
pretentious but is actually pretty good
and it smells incredible definite
must-have in body care for this month I
have one fashion and accessories item
today and that is from Stella McCartney
this is the second designer item I've
ever purchased in my life
I'm not into fashion I'm kind of like a
black skinny jeans white top leather
jacket type girl one thing that I did
need was a new purse because my purse
was like this big it was tiny I could
barely fit my credit cards in there and
I lost my credit card when I went to LA
earlier this year and it was the only
cards that I took out there with me so I
thought maybe I should invest in a new
purse to stop that from happening and
somewhere work and keep all my receipts
and everything safe I went to visit a
village which is a designer outlet store
so you get things a lot cheaper than
they should be so inside the bag when
you purchase it you do get a dust bag
with it which is always useful if you're
swapping your purses over and you want
to make sure you keep it safe the purse
that I purchased looks like this I think
it's very cute it's quite big you could
probably use that as a clutch as well I
guess it really can fit quite a lot
inside the purse I mean like inside it I
can fit my passport I can also fit my
cash down one side and my carts all in
this slots here then you've got space to
fit receipts in there you've got a
little coin section there where you can
fit your coins then the other side the
post I keep my business debit cards and
credit cards in there and some more
business receipts I love the fact that
it's got the two different side so I can
separate personal and business and keep
track of everything it's got the really
pretty gold hardware on there in terms
of price I paid 105 pounds for this
purse from Vista Village which was the
most money I've ever spent on an
accessory ever I think it should have
been around 230 250 which is what the
current season of selling cottony purses
are retailing at I just know I saw it
loved it it's not leather so I bought it
so that's my purse and that is my
fashion and accessories favourite for
this month the last item on my
favourites list is travel
fortunately I don't get to travel that
much I do get to occasionally travel for
work and I went to LA earlier this year
with YouTube and then I went to Paris
with LaRoche Jose one thing I haven't
really got to do recently was travel
with my boyfriend the last time I think
we went on holiday together was about
three and a half years ago so we started
really late Friday nights I think it's
about 3 a.m. and we decided to go to
Poland for the weekend and we've booked
flights and hotel at 3 a.m. Friday night
and we were on a plane taking off at 8
a.m. so like 5 hours to get everything
together and get onto the plane and take
off so it was pretty intense especially
because I do get like traveling xiety
and not about the actual flying but I
get anxious that we're gonna miss the
flight or we're gonna miss the train or
you know something is gonna break down
we went to dance can we went to Poland
for three days and it was amazing I
loved Poland I thought it was absolutely
incredible it was beautiful is so much
history there we went and visited one of
the Holocaust museums at start off one
of the clock tower museums and did so
many amazing walks around the old town
there we also managed to get to the
shooting range and do some target
shooting there and then even went to
Sopot and went to the beach I am a fan
of traveling to Eastern Europe we've
done Estonia and we've done Poland and I
think a lift away Nia is next on our
list of places that we would love to
visit so yeah that about wraps up my
April favorites thank you so much for
watching let me know in the comments
section which was your favorite things
that I spoke about today and yeah I'm
thinking about maybe doing favourites
with a twist in the future I thought it
might be nice to give back a couple of
my favorite products to you guys every
month and includes a little giveaway
maybe in a favorites video let me know
what you think if I should do that on
Twitter or snapchat or I don't know
Instagram where should I run
giveaway if I was to do one what do you
guys think don't forget to give this
video a huge thumbs up to let me know
that you liked it and don't forget to
subscribe to make sure you get notified
every time I post a new video thank you
so much for watching and I'll see you
guys soon bye hi guys and welcome back
today I'm talking you through how to do
this drug store everyday spring makeup
look don't forget to subscribe and let's
go
