hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this drug
store everyday spring makeup look don't
forget to subscribe and let's go
starting with the 17 skin while I'm
going to prime my skin this is the very
first time I've used this product and on
first impressions
I love the finished look on my skin it
has that perfect level of due√±os but it
doesn't look greasy when you follow it
up with foundation skew and full
foundation today I'm using the Revlon
Colorstay in the shade buff and this is
the normal to dry skin - oh my gosh yeah
don't do that do not do that that was
tragic
make sure you very carefully open the
lid and apply your foundation I'm using
a brush today because I want to make
sure that we see the radiance of the
prime map through the foundation spring
to me is all about dewy and
natural-looking skin and that's the look
I'm going for today so we don't want to
overpower it with lots of foundation for
brows today I'm using the sleek makeup
brow kit I'm starting with the left hand
darker shades just to map out the base
shape of my brows and then I'll go back
in with the powder just to touch up any
areas that may need it and to set those
brows and using a clean angled brush I'm
going to sharpen up those brows to prime
my lids the NYX wonder stick and I'm
taking the lightest edge applying that
onto my lid and just softly blend it out
using my fingers next up I shadow I'm
using the Maybelline blushed nudes
palette and I'm taking the champagne
color first and I'm going to apply that
all over the lid as our base next up
this beautiful berry shade and I'm once
again applying that all over the lid and
just patting that on with a brush and
then very softly blending it out in kind
of like a smooth transition and using
the brown eyeshadow I'm going to add
some depth to my upper lash line finally
I'm just going to use a clean brush to
blend out the outer edges to make sure
it's all perfectly smooth and for
mascara the Maybelline lash sensational
this is one of my favorite mascaras and
I'm applying a small coat for lashes
today the Ilia enchanted cherished
lashes these are a three-quarter length
sized lash and they are beautiful finish
with another coat of mascara for
concealer today I'm using the Maybelline
fit me concealer this is in the shade 15
and I'm applying this to my under eye
area my chin and center of my nose and
also my forehead now I did actually buy
shades 10
in the States but then when I got home
and did my whole video you guys said
that shade 15 is actually lighter and
that's what this is today I'm actually
quite impressed with how this performed
so if you want a dupe for the urban
decay or the NARS radiant creamy
concealer this could well be it's to add
a touch more luminosity i'm using the
l'oreal true match illuminating
concealer and i'm just going to apply
this the under eye area and then blend
it out using my finger this will add a
touch more brightness to the under eye
area
back to the NYX wonder stick and now
we're going to use the darker sides for
contouring I'm applying this into the
hollows of my cheeks my forehead the
bottom of my chin and also a long side
of my nose then I'm once again going to
use that same foundation brush to blend
this out
I find that by using a brush to blend it
out you do get a slightly stronger
contour than you would have if you'd
used a wet or damp Beauty Blender take
your time and build up the contour
slowly if you're not used to doing it I
do have a contour tutorial which I will
leave links down below if you'd want a
step-by-step more in-depth version of
this to set my base I'm using the
Maybelline mattes maker powder and I'm
just applying this on the concealed
areas
I don't want to mattify my face too much
so I'm just concentrating on the under
eye area my chin and also my forehead
next up blush I'm using the makeup
revolution vivid baked blush in the
shade all I think about is you and I'm
just applying this to the tops of my
cheeks
I wasn't feeling the eyes so I went back
in with the scandalised in the shade
nude to line my lower lash line and to
finish that off I'm taking the
collection extreme colors lengthening
lash mascara this is just the standard
black mascara and I want to use this to
elongate those lashes and to highlight
today I'm using the collection speedy
highlights in the shade pale Sheen this
is probably my favorite product of you
today it is such a beautiful natural
looking highlight that isn't too out
there but it just gives you enough glam
for an everyday look and I love this
highly recommend this and look forward
to using it much more let's finish off
with some lips I'm taking the L'Oreal
lipliner Couture in the shade 632 line
my lips and for lipstick I'm using the
Loreal color riche in the shade J Lo's
nudes this is such a beautiful shade and
I can't believe I've never tried it
before love it and here's the finished
look my drug store everyday spring
makeup look I really hope you enjoyed
this video and you like this look thank
you so much for watching don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you guys soon bye
hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this prom makeup
look don't forget to subscribe and if
you want to find out how to do this look
just keep watching
