hi guys and welcome back after my first
skincare video last year I know a few of
you guys were slightly disappointed that
I didn't have more drugstore or
affordable skincare brands in there so I
wrote up a big list of drugstore
skincare brands that I wanted to try and
test for you guys and on top of that
list was LA roche-posay and funnily
enough they actually got in touch with
me late last year to see if I wanted to
collaborate or try their skincare brand
so it kind of made sense to try them out
and see how that works
a couple of points to note is that I
tried LaRoche cozy over three different
periods
first of all over Christmas in a basic
skincare set secondly I tried the SPF
both in the UK and when I went to the
States because I thought what better way
to test an SPF than to take it to LA and
finally I've used nothing but LaRoche
cozy on my skin for the past three weeks
I think now yeah a cleanser for me is
probably the most important step in a
skincare routine and there's definitely
something satisfying about seeing your
makeup on the back of a washcloth when
you have a clean face the F apply H is
what I like to think of as one of those
souvenirs cleanser that you just put a
couple of pumps out and then put it on
and it does the job it's designed for
only sensitive acne prone skin has been
weakened or damaged by products that
tend to dry out the skin to use the
upper part H I'd first just pump a
couple of times into the palm of my hand
and then mix that with a small amount of
water before applying it straight onto
my skin I'll then cleanse my skin and
wipe off the cleanser and any excess of
a damp washcloth it cleanse my skin it
removes my makeup and it did definitely
feel soothing when I applied it I makeup
remover can always be tricky to get
right especially if you have sensitive
skin from the LA roche-posay range
I tried see LaRoche bruised a thali an
ultra doux McQuillan so in the box you
get 30 of these little 5 mil pods and I
think that's really cute each pod I mean
enough each pot has 5 milliliters of
products break the top off that part
then I take a cotton pad so these are
the rectangles from Muji and I'll just
apply that part all over there and that
is then enough to take your eye makeup
off from both eyes it's designed for
sensitive skin so if you feel like I
makeup remover can sometimes irritate
the skin around your eyes or your
eyelids so maybe it's worth trying this
one out however if you are a fan of
waterproof mascara glitter or like a gel
liner and you might struggle with this
one because it did not remove those
products from my eyes and it is not
designed to do that next up is one of my
favorite products from the rush pros a
and if you've been watching my videos
for a while then you might have seen it
popping up in quite a few videos and
that is the LA roche-posay thermal
spring water
I discovered this probably in the summer
last year and I've kind of been using it
during makeup application since then
really I'll initially dampen my Beauty
Blender under the tap before I start to
do my makeup and then I'll top it up
using the thermal spring water
throughout my makeup application I also
love the fact that it comes in a 50ml
size bottle because it's airplane safe
you can take it in your carry-on and you
can definitely freshen up when you need
it literally just run into the bathroom
spritz my face with it feel slightly
fresher so for long haul flights
definitely look into the 50 ml bottle
technically it is just canned water I
really like it I love how it feels on my
skin it makes me feel fresh it's full of
selenium which can help soothe any
irritated skin or blemishes or anything
like that and for ease of use love it
next up is the LA roche-posay effaclar
duo + cream and this is like an anti
blemish cream it's designed to help
unclog your pores and help to reduce the
appearance of redness or dark spots or
any kind of blemishes like that that you
have I first tried the ethic la duo plus
over the Christmas period and it just
wasn't working for me because I can't
stand that feeling of really dry skin
after speaking to my dermatologist about
it we worked up that it was really
drying because I was using it too much I
went ahead and started using it every
morning and every night and I didn't let
my skin build up to it one thing my
dermatologist explained to me is that
some skincare products need to be
counteracted to ensure that your
skincare routine is balanced I added the
effaclar duo plus into my evening
routine twice a week and always made
sure to use a hydrating moisturizer
alongside it by balancing the duo plus
of a moisturizer I kind of got the best
of both so my skin wasn't left feeling
super dry but I did feel like my oily
areas had disappeared almost it
definitely felt like my t-zone area was
less oily and visibly less shiny in
terms of SPF there were two which I
tried from the roster Jose the first
with the Anthelios ac30 SPF and the
second was the Anthelios XL 50 SPF very
high protection the first one I had
whiskey and a loose AC and I took this
one with me to LA earlier this year I
didn't have any issues with it didn't
break me out it didn't leave me feeling
greasy and worked incredibly well on my
skin what I did find out in a recent
dermatologists visit was that my skin is
actually highly UV damaged and I was
really surprised by that I didn't think
that would be the case and I in no way
had any idea that my skin would be 91
percent more UV damage than other women
my age and that really really shocked me
bearing all that sun damage and UV
damage in mind I went and tried there
Anthelios XL factor 50 very high
protection sunscreen and I actually got
on really well with this project because
it is a dry touch gel cream
it's incredibly easy to use you
literally just need a very small amount
and that does go a long way I do find
that the whiteness blends into my skin
and you can't really see much of a
difference between the hands with the
Sun cream and the hand without I was
really lacking a high SPF and I'm really
glad that I found this one now because
it doesn't break me out it doesn't make
me feel greasy and most importantly it
is protecting my skin and there we have
it those are my thoughts on some of the
LA roche-posay products that I've been
trying recently if you enjoyed this
video then please don't forget to give
it a huge thumbs up and let me know in
the comment section which product you
like the sound of the most thank you so
much for watching don't forget to
subscribe I'll see you guys soon bye
