hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
sultry brown smokey eyes and lips makeup
look so if you want to find out how to
get this look then just keep watching
I'm gonna start by pinning my hair back
just to keep that off my face then using
the YSL Touche Eclat primer this is a
great dewy looking primer and I love the
finished effect on my skin for
foundation I'm using the Armani luminous
silk foundation and this is in the shade
number two I really love the finished
effect of this foundation on the skin it
lasts all day and looks just so flawless
on my skin I'm following that with the
Armani
maestro glow this is a fusion makeup
product it's lighter than a foundation
but it is also buildable it does contain
a high percentage of oil so if you are
avoiding oil products then this might
not be the one for you
I adore how dewy and luminous this makes
my skin using the Anastasio clear brow
gel I'm just going to lock those brow
hairs into place before filling in my
brows using the chocolate brow definer
also from Anastasia Beverly Hills then
I'm going back to that anastacio clear
brow gel just to make sure that my brows
are locked in place and don't move
throughout the rest of the day to prime
my lids I'm using the Mac Pro Longwear
paint spot in the shade soft ochre and
mine the holes are slightly too long now
to do this using my fingers so I'm gonna
go ahead and use a brush but eyeshadow
I'm using the Smashbox full exposure
palette I'm starting with this cream
shade and I'm just going to use that to
set that Paint Pot next I'm going to
take this tan shade and first of all I'm
just going to lay that down in the
crease and blend the edges out then I'm
gonna take it onto the lid and starts
just blending that out so it's a really
nice smooth transition finally I'm going
to take this brown shade and I'm going
to start applying that onto the lid and
softly blending that into the other
shadows I'm also going to take this on
the lower lash area and just blend that
out
softly for eyeliner today I'm using the
Makeup Forever aqua excel I pencil and I
think this is in the shade m60 I'll
leave all the links to all the products
I've used in the description box below
so apologies if it's wrong but the links
blue and super mascara the Make Up For
Ever excessive lash mascara now I was
actually really surprised when I opened
this on snapchat and saw how slim that
brushes I really like this brush you can
really get in there and wiggle it
between your lashes and it does look
great next I'm taking the hoods of
Beauty lashes and these are the Lana
false lashes and I'm just gonna go ahead
and pop those on I love the hood of
beauty lashes and these are one of the
longest kind of lashes that I'll
personally wear anything longer than
this I feel swamped my eyes slightly too
much but these I get on with well back
to that make up forever mascara and I'm
gonna go ahead and coat my bottom lashes
with our eyes now done let's move on to
contour I'm using the Anastasi affair
contour kit I'm just going to apply that
into the hollows of my cheeks my
forehead my chin and let's not talk
about that brush hair that's in this
palette then I'm gonna take the dark
shade and also use that to emphasize the
hollows of my cheeks my forehead my chin
and then I'm also going to add a mixture
of the two down the sides of my nose to
using a damp Beauty Blender and going to
blend this contour out and the first
time I used this product my Beauty
Blender was slightly too dry which made
it a little bit more difficult to blend
out because my Beauty Blender is wet
today
this is blending out like a dream and I
really wish that I'd started using this
product sooner because I am loving this
cool toned contour palette the pale skin
it just blends out really easily
it doesn't look thick or heavy on the
skin and I'm convinced to balance out
that contour I'm using the Urban Decay
Naked skin in the shade
fair neutral and I'm gonna go ahead and
add this to the under eye area and the
usual spots you guys know the drill by
now and where I like to highlight down
the center of my nose above my lip my
forehead and also my chin using that
same damp Beauty Blender I'm just going
to blend out those highlights and
concealer into my foundation take your
time on this step be careful of the
eyeshadow not to go up too close there
and remember blending is key to getting
this look natural to cover any blemishes
that may still be showing through that
Foundation and contour I'm just going to
go ahead and spot correct using my derma
colic camouflage cream this is the dq1
quintet and I swear this stuff never
runs out it just goes and goes and lasts
forever
my favorite concealer of all time to set
my highlight and concealer today I'm
using the NYX highlight and contour
powder palette I'm taking the lightest
powder shade and using one of my silver
rose gold brushes I'm just applying that
to the under eye area I can't remember
this exact brush but I'll leave a link
to the set below I want to keep this
look quite earthy so I'm using this
terracotta colored contour shade as a
blusher today and because I'm obviously
feeling brave I'm also gonna run that
down the sides of my nose for lipstick
I'm using the Anastacio liquid lipstick
in the shade of Veronica and I'm
actually applying this with a concealer
brush because I couldn't find my lip
brush to be honest I couldn't find it so
I'm just decided to use my concealer
brush but you know multi-use products
and all of that so I'm just gonna go
ahead line my lips first using that
lipstick and then apply that liquid
lipstick all over kinda wasn't really
feeling in that shade so I took the Too
Faced melted chocolate liquefied
metallic lipstick oh my gosh so many
bloody words and I just applied that
over the top this is in the shade
metallic candy I think and to finish up
I'm using the anyway and dress your skin
shimmer highlight this is an amazing
dupe for the memory Luminizer and it
only
costs three pounds and here's the
finished look my sultry Brown smoky eyes
and lips look thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
video don't forget to subscribe and I'll
see you guys soon bye hi guys and
welcome back today I'm talking you
through how to do at this dramatic
graphic makeup look don't forget to
subscribe and if you want to find out
how to get this look then just keep
watching
