hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
dramatic graphic makeup look don't
forget to subscribe and if you want to
find out how to get this look then just
keep watching I'm just gonna pin my
fringe back and let's move straight on
to primer this is the wire cell Touche
Eclat primer ad I've just put a few
pumps on the back of my hand and then
I'm just going to apply that all over my
skin for foundation I'm using the pixie
h2o skin tint in the shade cream I find
that this foundation applies best with
my fingers so I like to start it using
my fingers and then I'll use a small
fluffy brush to just buff it out into my
skin to get a really natural look I'm
just going to pair that with the Kryolan
derma color camouflage cream this is the
dq1 palette one of my top tips the cover
in acne redness or scarring is to always
team a light foundation or tinted
moisturizer with a high coverage
concealer that way you get the coverage
on the areas that you need and areas
which don't need any extra care will
still look like skin and won't have that
thick full coverage look for brows today
I'm going altschool with the anastasia
dipbrow in the shade medium brown I feel
like I haven't used this in forever and
there's no real reason it's just I've
been trying new products and then I'll
fall in love with something and use that
to death I thought maybe I'll try this
one again because it used to be my Holy
Grail brow product so that's why I'm
using it today I'm just taking the left
over concealer from that concealer brush
just to neaten up those brows and carve
the mat slightly but not too much
because I still want them to look a
little bit natural to prime my lids I'm
using the Urban Decay Naked skin
concealer because I'm really lazy and I
didn't want to get my eyelid primer so
I'm just going to use this and just make
sure that's all blended out for
eyeshadow today I'm taking the Naked
basics palette and starting with the
shade foxy I'm just applying this
all over the lid before moving on to the
shades naked - this is going straight
into the crease and finally I'm going to
take the shade Venus and just use this
to highlight my brow wearing them moving
on to eyeliner I'm using the clinic
pretty easy liquid eyeliner in pen and
I'm going for quite a big wing today
quite an intense look so I'm just going
to line my eyes using the eyeliner pen I
do have an easy winged liner tutorial on
my channel if liner is something that
you struggle with so I will link that
video down below and using the
Maybelline lash sensational mascara I'm
just going to coat my lashes next up
we're going to add some lashes today I'm
wearing the Gallucci glam can lashes and
these are so beautiful and fluffy and
I'm slightly extending them out on the
outer corner to just really intensify
the eye look and then for the inner
corner I'm just going to add that
eyeliner again in a slight triangle the
Clinique liner
really struggled on this bit so I'd
suggest using a gel liner instead for
concealer today I'm going for the Urban
Decay Naked skin concealer this is in
the shade fear neutral I'm adding that
to my under eye area the center of my
nose my forehead and also my chin and
I'm blending that using the same fluffy
brush that I use from blending out my
foundation earlier when blending out my
under-eye area I'm going to use the
brush first to just beber that concealer
into the foundation and then I'm going
to switch to using my finger this is so
I can get a little bit more intense
coverage directly in the under eye area
to contour today I'm using the
illamasqua gel stick in the shade
silhouette this is such a great product
to use if you are pale or do have fairer
skin because it looks so natural on once
again I'm using the same fluffy brush
that I use on my foundation earlier and
for my nose I'm swapping to a mini
Beauty Blender because some of the
contour stick is caught in a dry area
I'm just going to cover that with some
of the concealer to get rid of that dark
pigment and using the NYX HD studio
powder I'm just going to set that
concealer for blush today I'm using the
pixie book of beauty touch a flush
palette starting with this light pink
I'm just going to add that to the apples
of my cheeks and slightly up towards my
temples next I'm going to intensify that
using this vibrant pink to highlight
today I'm using the bombs mary lou
manizer i'm applying this to the highest
points of my cheeks the tip of my nose
and my Cupid's bow next up is glitter
I'm using the NYX glitter in the shade
crystal and I'm just applying this using
a wet brush onto the lower lash area
I've saturated my brush in the lit
cosmetics glitter base and that really
helps the glitter stick to my skin I've
gone pretty hard on the glitter here
today if you want you can just do a slim
line or you could totally miss this step
off completely it's all up to you to
finish up the anastacio liquid lipstick
in the shade Rio I've gone straight in
without a lip liner today and I'm using
a lip brush to first line my lips and
then fill them in this is a great way of
lining your lips if you don't have a lip
liner in the color that you need
and here's the finished look my dramatic
graphic makeup thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
video I hope you liked this different
style of makeup thank you for watching
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you guys soon bye hi guys and welcome
back so I've been getting loads requests
recently I'll forget about skincare what
I'm currently using on my skin what I've
changed all of those questions so I
thought maybe it was about time that I
sat down and films an updated skincare
video for you all
