hi guys and welcome back the other day I
was kind of stuck here thinking things
have been too normal
there hasn't really been any weird
product so we've been like why the eff
does that exist I don't want to say I
fully miss the serious pain of the hair
removal device that still gives me that
mess but I am ready to kick-start season
2 weird a wonderful products tested I am
so freakin excited to try this product
out I've never tested a I haven't read a
single review today's weird and
wonderful product is the Too Faced
glitter pop peel off eyeliner there is
so much opportunity in these products
for it to go horribly wrong I've got a
whole range of them here so let's go
through them let's see what we've got
and let's see what we want to test out
yes way rose super fun night Kitty
glitter I'm half moon okay mister DJ
lucky bitch very clean and glitter
ghosts I don't really know what to do
today I feel like I should just go for
one color it's simple but then the other
half of me just kind of wants to make
some kind of crazy ombre multicolored
liner
maybe I'll do both I'm gonna try the
shade Kitty glitter on the side of the
box it says step one apply two to three
coats of glitter pop in short feathery
strokes to create a solid line up to
wait at least five minutes for the
formula to set step 3 to remove gently
peel off starting from the outer corner
of the eye I feel like I can do this and
let's try it out I'm gonna open the box
dude oh that is like such a pretty
product it's so adorable
oh my gosh let's open it and let's see
what the applicator is like oh okay so
it's just like a normal liquid liner tip
I'm okay with that slightly excited but
so freaking ready to get this on my eyes
you're actually coming out very well
did say two to three coats though mine
it feels fine it applied very similar to
like a normal or eyeliner work because
it's glitter you are aware that you have
to apply a lot more coats one thing that
I found difficult to use about it every
time I try and put a new layer on it we
definitely move the layer that I placed
underneath not sure if that means that I
have to wait for the layer to dry for
five minutes I'm pretty sure I've got
around three layers on this I can't
really be sure because I just kept
applying it just gonna be brave and move
on to the other eye I don't want to get
it all over the place and lose all my
eyelash
take that maybe if you run the first
third of my I try going up from there
that's awkward
I'm kind of feeling that gold right now
though that's amazing about as much as I
can fly next I'm gonna go blue this is
where everything is gonna go wrong it's
gonna take it all about the center all
over on my eyelashes and that makes me
so nervous oh my god I screwed it up
feel the glitter in my eyes I can leave
the blue there it's like a purple
glitter blue reflect it's not a feeling
that I was kind of feeling it more
before I put it on my eyeball
that looks so muddy where they mix I
mean I don't even know if this eyeliner
is either that looks so bad my pink
glitter liner has definitely dried now
it doesn't feel like it's gonna come off
in my head it was gonna look really
pretty in actuality I'm not feeling it I
just want to finish it off my eyes I'm
just gonna pop on a small amount of
mascara and I'm gonna use the Maybelline
the colossal Big Shot don't really got
one thing left to do he'll test I'm like
really scared that I'm gonna lose all my
eyelashes look I just knocked it off you
imagine if you had like something in
your eye or you hasn't it talked your
eye line how would come with it
literally feel I have to plug the tip
off but the pink side has definitely
worked a bit better because every time I
touch literally I just killed it off it
touched it slightly too hard and I
totally lost the end of my liner the
most important thing is cannot touch it
at all it will totally just peel off
Genesis already started to peel itself
both I might as well finish it let's go
for it
just managed to poll that little bit
there off my eyes it is not wanting to
come off in one bit
that's one eyelash down we have our
first casual the bits where I've applied
the liner where it's not directly
connected to my lashes they came off
fine the bits with that glitter liner is
actually on my lashes that bloody heck
if ever there was a tagline for my life
it would be I just want it to go right
I'm gonna give the other eye ago it's
already started because in itself I'm
just gonna try and pull this off so
close I'm just gonna try and tug it and
if it came off quite easily as well
final thoughts on the two-faced glitter
pop peel off liner the colors are
absolutely beautiful that I'm a half
mermaid with such a vibrant blue you're
going to like a festival and you want
loads of glitter patterns all over your
face these could be quite cool for that
however please that love of makeup do
not get it near your eyelashes I
definitely still have glitter in this
eye I think I'm just gonna leave it I'm
gonna get some cleansing oil some
cleansing balm and I'm gonna slowly try
and work that out from my lashes go for
it
have fun when I try it again I don't
know let me know what you guys think in
the comment section down below
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to subscribe I'll see you guys
soon bye
