hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this glowing
spring makeup look you want to find out
how to get this look then just keep
watching don't forget to subscribe and
let's get started
starting with the Giorgio Armani maestro
UV primer I'm just going to prime my
skin now this has a factor 50 SPF and if
you follow me on snapchat then you may
appeared about my UV damage to my skin
so big on this right now moving on to
foundation I'm using the Giorgio Armani
luminous silk foundation today because I
love how this foundation gives such a
beautiful subtle glow to the skin you
can really see when I go in for the
second layer how much it started to make
my skin shine but not in a wet kind of
greasy sort of wave in a luminous
natural way I really do love the effect
that this foundation gives on the skin
moving on to brows we have the Anastasia
brow definer and I thought I would live
dangerously and try a different shade
today so I'm actually gonna use the
shade caramel I'm not sure if that's a
good idea just yet but I'm just filling
in my brows using that brow definer and
then using the Urban Decay Naked skin in
the shade fair neutral to just carve
those brows out they're kind of more
like slugs right now but they do look
like brows just just go with it um yeah
so I'm gonna carve those brows out and
then I'm just gonna set those using the
pixie brow tamer clear mascara
for eyeshadow today I'm using the
Giorgio Armani gold ashes I tent a dupe
for that could be something like the MUA
champagne single shadow that I used in
my twenty pounds makeup look I'm going
straight in for the Armani today and
first of all I'm going to apply it
straight to my lid
I wasn't really feeling how the color
looks blending it out with my finger so
I went in for another layer and blended
this one out using a brush this time and
I felt like you get a better color
payoff when you use a brush with this
product this is the only eyeshadow we're
using in this look today we really want
to keep it quite light and bright and
perfect the spring for mascara today i'm
using the l'oreal false lash scoped
mascara i'm not 100% sure on this just
yeah i feel like it's slightly too
clumpy but i did like the fact that you
can line your upper waterline using it
back to the base and I'm using the
Daniel Sandler cream bronzer and I'm
just applying that using quite a large
eyeshadow brush and I'm gonna pop this
into the hollows of my cheeks my
forehead my chin but I do go to the gym
now but I'm still gonna put it on my
chin and also down the sides of my nose
and then using a damp Beauty Blender or
makeup sponge I'm just going to blend
this out and yeah just really work that
into my foundations it gives me a nice
warm below but then also does acts as a
contour where I want it to this product
I feel like it's quite natural even
though it does look quite orange when
you first put it on but blush I'm using
the Elizabeth Arden that cream blush and
a cot remember what shade this is but I
will leave it in a link in the
description box below along with all the
other products that I've used links are
below and I'm just going to blend that
out using the brush and then my sponge
for concealer I'm going back to that
urban decay and naked skin in the shade
fair and neutral somebody asked me
recently if I prefer this to the NARS
concealer I'm not sure if I prefer it
just yet but I do really like this for a
natural look do you like the look of the
NARS radiant creamy concealer but you
want something that's slightly more
natural then this could be a good option
can see
wise for you and I'm just going to blend
that out for the under eye area first of
all I'm going to go in with my fingers
just to make sure it's pressed into all
of those areas and then I'm going to
blend using that sponge again back to
the Elizabeth Arden blusher because I
got a little bit to blend in happy and
I'm just going to add a touch more
blusher on to the apples of my cheeks
and using the pixie quick fix
translucent powder
I'm just going to set my under eye area
now I don't actually like the puff that
comes with this product so I'm just
going to use my brush to apply it
instead using the zoeva myth graphic
eyes pencil I'm just going to line at my
lower lash line just to give a touch of
brightness and to really open and finish
that area off for lipstick today
let's go drugstore I'm using the sleek
VIP lipstick in the shade plumberry
orange shade sometimes bright colored
lipsticks can be quite intimidating so
if you're not used to wearing one then
my tip would always be to try and wear
one around the house first get used to
seeing how you look wearing it because
then when you go outside or we're in a
social situation then it might not be as
scary because you like it and you know
how it looks and to highlight today I'm
going to see how that Armani eyeshadow
acts as a highlight I've just applied a
very small amount onto the back of my
hand and then I'm going to use my finger
to blend that out I'm putting this on to
the highest points of my cheeks the tip
of my nose and also the bridge of my
nose and here's the finished look my
glow in the spring makeup look thank you
so much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this video don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you guys soon bye
hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this glam copper
makeup look don't forget to subscribe
and if you want to find out how to get
this look then just keep watching
