hi guys and welcome back today I'm in
Paris with dermatologist Philip Boyer
and we are answering your questions
about acne I asked you guys on Twitter
to send in some questions to me and
we're going to go through those today
start off by talking about skincare
myths what are some modern skincare
myths that you really wish people
wouldn't talk about on the internet a
few very important miss diet is not
responsible for acne if you heat
different nails you have no problem with
this if you eat only on burgers it's a
problem because it's very fat and it
induce a problem of acne prone skin so
and can improve imperfection but it's so
false afraid when you stop person you
are going to are got more perfection
really yeah if we go into the Sun our
skin will get better and then will come
out of the Sun it'll get worse yeah I
never knew that you know all coconut or
cadets it's not good because it's all
and his comedogenic say coconut oil
isn't as good as people think it is no
I'm bigger no or coconut and no Sun it's
a very fun we can eat some fast foods
but in moderation duration everything in
moderation and the Sun isn't as good to
be used people say it is you can use a
sun protection
oh yeah good SPF and you'll be alright
okay and coconut oil not a fan yeah no
all right I'll stay away from that work
the next question comes up all the time
I see it in my comments all the time
when you have blemishes is it best to
squeeze them or leave them
oh yeah usually I think my parents knew
not possible to do to squeeze DK so you
can
I used cars only moment you can do it if
you have got blemish with us so it's
possible to do it with clean hands and
with a committin extractor so if I've
got a nasty whitehead I will squeeze it
and get rid of it is that bad or is it
should I stop not a good thing it's not
that good fit okay thank you
I'm sorry if you're taking ro accutane
what are your tips for dealing with the
side effects and is there anything you
can recommend to help deal with it yes
when you use work done or is opportunity
for a mind side effect is dryness and if
you use it it's very uncomfortable for
patient it's the reason why it's
necessary to use moisturizer and for
instance you have got a lot of choice on
the market and you can use instant epic
ash H to reduce systems so get a good
moisturizer choose wisely and you should
be alright okay
I agree view if someone is suffering
from clogs pores or blackheads even what
would you recommend that they do yes in
this case we can use devil cosmetic
product with lha and with keratolytic
action what this keratolytic action main
are generating that the objective is to
get rid of themselves and to reduce
sever we in use comedians why is it so
important to get rid of those dead skin
cells if you reuse commitments you are
going to reduce inflammation and back to
your porridge okay so grab an LA jss and
you should be alright
yeah it's a good solution thank you
final question and this is a big one
I hope you're ready what the
dermatologists really think about makeup
wipes I know it's not possible not at
all because a lot of ingredients effect
on imgur gents know you can use it no
not at all never never
are they ever a good thing
sorry I never never never not even in an
emergency
never ever it's not I'm not even if I'm
candle in between or I'm at a festival
no I'm in a tent no got no running moon
does it sorry mm-hmm well there we go
then hello thank you so much for joining
me today I feel like I've learnt so much
I hope that you guys did as well so huge
thank you to you for joining me and a
huge thank you to the rush Jose for
introducing us I feel like it was fun we
had fun today
I hope you guys enjoyed watching this
you learned something new today then let
me know in the comments section below
thank you so much and don't forget to
give this video a huge thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe I'll see you
guys soon
hi hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this glam copper
makeup look don't forget to subscribe
and if you want to find out how to get
this look then just keep watching use
