hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do my go-to glam
makeup look don't forget to subscribe
and let's get started using the pixie
flawless and poreless primer I'm just
going to prep my skin before moving on
to foundation today I'm using the
Illamasqua skin base in shade 3 I'm just
going to apply that all over my skin
using my Real Techniques miracle
complexion sponge and I'm just gonna
make sure that I take my time and blend
this out and using the derma color dq1
camouflage cream palette I'm just going
to cover up any blemishes redness or
breakups that may still be showing I've
got a few going on today so I'm just
gonna cover those and then blend it out
using the same miracle complexion sponge
moving on to my brows and I'm applying
the NYX eyebrow gel in brunette using my
zoeva rose gold I think this is the
volume of three wings liner brush I made
a little bit of a mess so I'm just gonna
go back in with that derma color and
just clean those brows up
to prep my lips today I'm using the wire
cell eyelid primer I'm not a hundred
percent sure and what I think about this
just yet but so far so good
and to set that the Javan tree powder
premiere you can use any setting powder
or translucent powder or cream powder to
do this next I'm just applying my shadow
shield to make sure that I don't get any
fallout over my foundation next up I
shadow I'm applying the Anastacio fawn
single eye shadow into my crease and
buffing that out you can use any
terracotta or light brown shadow to do
this whichever you have and to add some
more depth the fudge single eyeshadow
again from anastasia i'm concentrating
this into the outer v and then blending
it slowly towards the inner corner of my
eye take your time and remember to blend
this out and following that with the
aubergine single shadow again you can
use any kind of dark purple or move
whichever you have in your collection
pop that into the outer V and then start
bringing that in towards the mid section
of your eye as you slightly use up the
products on the brush
and then take a clean blending brush
this is the crown see four for one brush
to just blend all of that shadow out
okay so I kind of went a little bit
wrong here I tried adding in an
affordable eyes shadow instead at the
one I usually use and this is the Kiko
eyeshadow stick but it just wasn't
working the way I wanted it to so I
blended that out and instead I went back
to my anastacio single shadows and I
took the shade Peach Smoothie and I just
applied this all over the inner corner
to the center of my lid and blended that
out next up eyeliner this is the clinic
easy liquid eyeliner and I'm just adding
a extended wing onto this look I'm
making my bottom line first and then my
top line joining those up and then a
filling in before dragging over to the
inner corner of the eye then I'm just
going to build up the tail and the flip
side of that wing
for mascara I'm using the Maybelline
lash sensational this is just a normal
one and I'm just applying a small coat
of that to my lashes before moving into
my false lashes these are the house of
lashes smokey mousse and I love these
lashes and they also have these pretty
cool lash cases now to keep them in love
those I'm just going to peel off those
shadows shields and then using that same
miracle complexion sponge I'm just gonna
give it a wipe in the area below just to
make sure there's no excess glue or
anything there before moving into my
concealer this is the NARS radiant
creamy concealer in the shade
Chantilly so I'm just applying this to
the under eye area the sides of my nose
and kind of lopsided down the middle of
my nose my chin Cupid's bow and forehead
and once again I'm just blending that
out with a miracle complexion sponge
this is my favorite sponge for
foundation concealer everything and I
always use it damp
when it comes to the under eye area I
first like to blend out using my finger
and then I go over that with the sponge
I find that this helps give such a
flawless look and it really does help
stop it looking patchy or looking cakey
to contour today I'm using the makeup
forever bro sculpt contour kit and I'm
actually applying this with the zoeva
rose gold contour brush this is from the
rose gold volume 3 set I got this set
recently in the mail and I am hooked I
do like it there's one or two brushes in
the set I wouldn't use but the majority
of them aren't really good so I've
applied my contour and now I'm just
blending that out using the same miracle
complexion sponge that I've been using
the whole video so take your time
blend out that contour and it's really
that simple
to set my under eye area and any
concealed areas I'm going back to that
Javon Street premier powder and I'm just
using the puff that this comes with and
then dusting away the excess next I'm
going back to that fudge single
eyeshadow and I'm just going to run this
along my lower lash line to really smoke
it out and give that sultry eye look
followed by a touch of black liner you
can use any black eyeliner for this I
use the pixie black gel liner a thick
and then yeah i'm just blending that out
and i'm just gonna finish off the look
with some mascara on the bottom lashes
going back to the face I'm using the Zoe
Burt nude spectrum blush palette to add
a touch of warmth to my skin and too
just to finish off my complexion and
finally the crushed pearl highlight from
the anastasia beverly hills gleam globe
coat I am so obsessed with this shade
from this kit it is my favorite shade
apply lighter right now and to line my
lips I'm using the Sephora lip pencil in
the shade light brown I'm just going to
outline my lips before slowly starting
to fill in the outer corners and
blending that out using my finger and to
finish off those lips I'm using the
Sephora lip cream stain in the shade
marvelous mo this is such a beautiful
shade and it's one of my go-to shades to
wear
and here's the finished look my go-to
glam makeup look thank you so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
I'll see you soon bye and I've just got
back from spending a week in Los Angeles
and I kind of accidentally on purpose
brought back a lot of makeup with me
there are quite a few bags let me see if
I can pick them all up there's more now
I don't know if I'm gonna have to do
this in two videos yeah basically that's
all new makeup yes without further ado
let's go through it all
