hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this super
easy 10 minute makeup so let's get
started first up the L'Oreal infallible
mattifying based primer to press our
skin before we move straight on as a
foundation and I'm using the giorgio
armani luminous silk foundation today
now if you follow me on snapchat then
you may have seen what happened to this
foundation last week I accidentally
smashed it all over my floor moving on
to contour and I'm using the make up
forevers
Pro sculpt in a palette now I'm actually
going to apply this with my finger today
because it's still a new product to me
and I want to test it in every shape and
form before I make my true verdict on it
so I'm just applying that everywhere and
then using my Real Techniques sponge
just to blend that into my foundation if
I'm in a rush or actually short on time
I find it so much easier to use cream
contour products especially when using a
damp Beauty Blender or makeup sponge for
me the products just blend so much
easier moving on to highlight and today
I'm using the NARS radiant creamy
concealer in the shade Chantilly this is
one of my tried and tested failsafe
concealers that I know will always work
for me so I'm just applying that to my
under eye area my chin just either side
of my Cupid's bow my nose and the center
of my forehead I'm also going to apply
this slightly under the cheekbones as
well to add a bit more brightness and
lift those cheekbones slightly and to
blend that out I'm using a combination
of my fingers and the Real Techniques
sponge
go
you always learn through the hallways
through shadow and it's like me you get
carried away with the highlights lightly
just go back in with a bit more of that
cream contour which you can blend out
and I'm also going to go for a touch of
the cream blush from that same makeup
forever palette
using the cryo Lander McCullough
camouflage cream palette I'm just going
to conceal any blemishes or redness that
may still be showing through the
foundation I'm applying that using my
Real Techniques concealer brush and then
very gently just blending that out using
my finger and my miracle complexion
sponge see the horizon
and will grow in to set my base I'm
using the Javan cheap premier powder and
I'm just applying that using the puff
that comes with the powder will go
with our bass phone let's move on to the
brows and I'm using the NYX eyebrow gel
in the shade brunette
first off I'm just going to brush
through them to make sure that hairs are
going in the right direction then I'm
going to take just an angled liner brush
and start filling them in using that gel
I'm currently in the process of trying
to grow back some of the areas of my
brows which are over plucked and oh my
gosh the temptation to pluck them is so
real so real
her lips so kissable poisonous I know
she and for eyeshadow today I'm using
the pure minerals secret crush palette -
starting with the nude skin color shade
I'm just going to use this to act as a
base for our eyeshadow then taking this
beautiful rose gold shade in the inner
and outer corners of the eyes next this
taupey brown to add a little bit more
depth and to add some brightness to the
center of the eye the bombs mary lou
manizer i'm just going to press this in
using my fingers and then slightly blend
that out using the same brush from
earlier repeat this step for the under
eye area
gaaah mil like and to finish the eyes
add a coat of mascara I'm using the
Maybelline lash sensational just to add
some volume and length to my lashes now
that our eyes are done let's move on to
final touches for blush I'm using the
Loreal parish blush sculpt in the shade
soft sands I'm just applying that all
over my cheeks and to highlight my
cheekbones that mary lou manizer i'm
just using the same brush again to apply
this I'm also applying this to the tip
of my nose my Cupid's bow and also
slightly above my brows I
and to finish I'm applying the NYX five
to nine lipstick all over and here's the
finished look my quick and easy
ten-minute makeup that's perfect for
when you want to look glam in a brush
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to subscribe and I'll see you
soon bye
hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this Lady Gaga
inspired red glitter smokey eye I've
already moisturized my skin so let's get
straight into the brows
