hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this hot
pink makeup look so let's get started
using the Marc Jacobs coconut primer I'm
just going to prep my skin it ready for
foundation application I'm loving this
for a dewy base for moving on to the
illamasqua skin base foundation in shade
3 with a tiny bit of shade for mixing
I'm just applying that using a damped
Real Techniques sponge using the Sephora
10 hour fix and correct concealer in
shade 6 I'm just going to cover my
blemishes now I pick this up in Sephora
Paris recently and I'm actually really
surprised at how good this is so far
moving on to brows this is the YSL
catcher brow in shade - I'm trying
something a little bit different today
and that's applying a tinted brow gel
and then using just a brown eyeshadow to
fill in the brows and then carve in
those outs using the small end of that
Sephora
ten hour correct concealer and just
blend it out
using the Sephora color format let it
snow shadow I'm going to highlight under
my brow bone you can use any white or
light colored shadow to do this and
shades
2:07 lazy afternoon is the perfect eye
shadow base using the zoeva
pink spectrum palette and taking this
light pink blush and this is going to be
our transition color so I'm just gently
smoking that out into the crease to get
it really blown out for that vibrance
that Urban Decay electric palette and
I'm taking the shade jilted I'm
concentrating this into the crease and
the inner and outer corner of my eye you
can use any brand of eyeshadows to
create this look just take your time and
blend it out and build it up slowly next
I'm taking the shade urban this is a
really vibrant purple color and this is
going into the crease and also in the
inner and outer corners to add some
richness and depth moving on to the wire
cell Couture variation palette I'm
taking this brown eyeshadow into the
crease and also into the inner and outer
corners of my eye you can use any brown
shadow to do this or we're trying to do
is just slightly tone down that purple
but keep that richness
finally the sugarpill grand tiara loose
eyeshadow this stuff is absolutely
incredible I love loose eyeshadows and
glitters and shimmer dust I'm just
patting that on using my brush blended
it with my finger and then just going
back to intensify it in the areas where
I need to taking a small amount of the
shade Urban I'm just going to buffer the
edges of that loose eyeshadow for liner
today I'm using the YSL shocking liner
now we're not going for a full wing at
all today we just want to add some
deepness to our lash line don't forget
to kill those lashes for mascara the
Maybelline lash sensational mascara as
you guys know this is one of my
favorites and I just keep going back to
it
followed by the Ilia exaggerate one five
six lashes I was also feeling super
brave today using black lash glue
someone remind me never to do that again
using the Rimmel scandaleyes in black
I'm just going to line my upper and
lower waterline and then taking a small
pencil brush I'm just going to blend
that out onto the lower lash line once
again we're going back to that purple
urban shadow and I'm just going to smoke
out that black eyeliner and add some
color to my lower lash line and some of
the shades gel tips to just bring the
whole look together using my damp Beauty
Blender I'm just going to clean up the
under-eye area and move straight on to
the highlight and under-eye concealer
this is the Sephora smoothing and
brightening concealer in shade one again
I picked this up in Sephora Paris a
couple of weeks ago and another product
that I'm actually quite impressed with
I'm just applying this in the same way I
would usually and blending it out using
my finger and my Real Techniques sponge
if you're really pale it's certainly
worth checking out these concealers and
to finish the YSL compact radiant powder
I'm not 100% sure
this just yet but so far so good with
our powder replied add some mascara to
the bottom lashes to bring a touch of
warmth to my face I'm using their H&M
bronzing powder you can use any bronzer
that you like to use to do this and for
blush I'm going back to that zoeva pink
spectrum palette for lipstick today the
Anastasia Beverly Hills catnip liquid
lipstick this is such a beautiful shade
and I don't know why I haven't worn it
before because I am really feeling it
100% convinced it goes from fat eye
shadow but live and learn gonna wear it
anyway and to bring the whole look
together
the bombs mary lou manizer i'm applying
this to the highest points of my cheeks
my Cupid's bow and also the tear duct in
the inner corner of my eyes for that
extra touch of brightness and here's the
finished look my hot pink makeup look I
really hope you enjoyed this video thank
you so much for watching don't forget to
give this video a huge thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe I'll see you
guys soon bye
hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this easy matte
makeup tutorial
