hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this green smokey
eye and glowing skin makeup look don't
forget to subscribe and let's get
started today I'm using the Elizabeth
Arden instant perfecting primer this is
the very first time I've ever used this
product it's an oil-free primer that's
supposed to give you that retouched look
so let's see how we go today I'm usually
darker eye shadow so I'm actually going
to start off by doing my eyes first and
my foundation last that way I don't have
to clean up my foundation if any of the
pigments falls onto the tops of my
cheeks using the NYX eyebrow gel in the
shade brunette I'm going to fill in my
brows apparently we're going for Slug
brows today so I'm just going to do the
same on the other side using the Laura
Mercier under-eye concealer I'm just
going to carve out my brows
using the Mac Paint Pot in the shade
soft ochre I'm just going to prime my
eyes
set that paint pot using this skin tones
showed here from the Zoe Burke cool
spectrum palette you can use any skin
tone beige whatever you have moving on
to eye shadow taking the shade born from
Anastasia Beverly Hills I'm just going
to apply this into the crease just dig
in my brush in slightly and gently
rolling it around the natural shape of
the eye next I'm taking the shade punch
to intensify that crease moving on to
the shade peacock this is a beautiful
metallic green shadow pressed this all
over the lids build up that shadow by
pressing it on using my finger then very
gently cut in and blend in that using a
flat shadow brush I'm going back to that
darker fudge so to intensify that crease
next I'm going to add some eyeliner this
is the soap & Glory smolder coal I
pencil
I'm also going to take that shade fudge
along my lower lash line
followed by the peacock eyeshadow
and I'm just blending those two shadows
out
except for mascara I'm using the
Maybelline lash sensational this is the
waterproof version
today I'm going to be wearing the head
of beauty Jade faux mink lashes
none that my eyes are done I'm going to
move on to foundation today and wearing
the Marc Jacobs remarkable foundation
I've never used this before so hopefully
it will look quite nice I'm going to mix
the shade ivory light with ivory
that's the ivory light and that is the
ivory which is a lot more yellow going
to mix those two together and apply that
okay I actually cannot believe that
level of coverage that is in stone I was
not expecting this to be that good I
seriously was not expecting it to be
that good to brighten my under-eye area
I'm using the l'oreal lumi magique I'm
going to touch up that eye shadow on the
under eye area and just blend it into my
foundation and to set that under eye
area I'm using the Vichy dermablend
setting powder and finish with a coat of
mascara on your bottom lashes or blush
today I'm using these a weber nude
spectrum palette i'm actually going to
take this bottom shade here and this is
md zero 4 zeros catchy name
two highlights today I'm using the
anastasiya glow kit and this is the that
glow palette for really beautiful shades
in it to start with I'm going to take
the shade a bubbly going to run that
just along the top of my blush going to
take the shade some boughs to layer that
over the top
I'm also taking that showed some bows
just slightly above my brows the tip of
my nose and down the bridge let me keep
it they're also going to apply this
underneath my brow basically I'm putting
it everywhere I've decided I'm just
going to put it all over my face and on
my brow I'm also going to run that in
the tear duct area finally I'm going to
finish off the look using a liquid
lipstick this is the shade serenity
which money anyway made for jars
cosmetics
so here is the finished look my green
smokey eye and glowing skin it's not a
very catchy name but who cares look at
the glow look at the glow so my first
impression on the foundation was that I
thought this was freaking amazing I'm
not just saying that because they sent
it to me I'm saying it because it was
freakin amazing love the glow kit it
looks phenomenal on and it is definitely
glowing and I actually really like
expense to perfecting primer as well I
felt like my skin was more smooth can
still see pores on my skin but first
impressions I thought it was alright um
foundation definitely try shout out to
my friend Amy for nudging me and telling
me you should do a look with the green
smokey eye because I had this dumb one
so now I have I did actually do a green
smokey eyed makeup look maybe about six
months ago but it looks like crap so I
didn't post it I was too embarrassed to
post it because I thought it looked
terrible so I didn't post it and I've
been there and I've done one now and so
if you do have any recommendations for
color combinations or colors that you
would like me to do then do let me know
thank you so much for watching as always
I also think this might have been the
very last video you will see with this
backdrop I don't think it's gonna be
used again because I am moving house
tomorrow we'll see what I come up with
in the new house and thank you so much
for watching thank you for all your
support you guys are the best I love you
and I'll see you soon bye hi guys and
welcome back today I'm talking you
through my highlight and contour routine
when contouring I like to concentrate on
the center of my face the sides of my
nose the hollows of my cheeks and also
my chin and the sides of my jaw
