hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through my highlight and
contour routine when contouring I like
to concentrate on the center of my face
the sides of my nose the hollows of my
cheeks and also my chin and the sides of
my jaw when highlighting I like to
follow this triangle shape in the center
of my face which is also where you'd get
the most lightness starting with the
Marc Jacobs coconut primer I'm just
going to prime my face ready for
foundation and the rest of my makeup for
foundation it's the Illamasqua skin base
this is in the shade zero 3 and I'm just
applying that with my Beauty Blender all
over my skin even though I've applied my
foundation some of my scarring is still
showing through so to cover that I'm
using the Kryolan derma color camouflage
cream and this is the shade D 1w mixed
with the shade D 4 I'm just lightly
applying that using my brush and then
patting it in using the warmth of my
finger let's move on to contouring I
like to concentrate my contour in a few
key areas my forehead the hollows of my
cheeks down the sides of my nose my chin
and lower jaw line this kind of works
for me
so let's give that a shot today my
favorite contour product right now is
the illamasqua gel sculpt stick in the
shade silhouette it's such a beautiful
natural shade if you're wondering where
to contour then just suck in your cheeks
and press your fingers onto your skin
you can feel where your cheekbone is you
want to contour just under it I'm just
going to roll the contour stick into the
hollows of my cheeks and slightly in an
upwards direction so rather than just
going straight across I'm going to bend
it up around to my cheek bone I'm also
bringing this across the top of my
forehead it looks a little bit crazy
right now but we will blend it out so
don't worry about that next I'm going to
take this contour stick down the sides
of my chin to give me more of a chiseled
chin because well I don't go to the gym
also down the sides of my jaw and
finally down the sides of my nose now I
don't go too hard on
in my nose I just do a light basic level
of contour in here if you want something
a little bit more extreme than I think
Krispy has a good nose contour tutorial
and here's how it looks you can
definitely see the areas where I want to
add shadow now and I've kept the center
of my face bright and light so let's
move on to highlight I'm using the NYX
HD concealer in the shade porcelain and
I'm applying that onto my chin my upper
lip on the bridge of my nose and in the
center of my forehead I'm also bringing
this down the sides of my nose just to
straighten it out a little and under my
eyes as well this will add some
brightness and lightness to the center
of my face
repeat on the other side and to
intensify my cheek contour I'm applying
some concealer below where we applied
the contour and here's the finished look
my tiger stripe tutorial or not
now let's blend this out using a brush a
Beauty Blender a mini Beauty Blender or
even a makeup sponge it's all up to you
I'm using the Beauty Blender today this
is the same one that I used for my
foundation now using the pointed edge
I'm going to just blend out the
highlight under my eyes and working down
my face this pointed bit works really
well to get in there on your top lip
around the edges of your nose and also
your chin it's really great for doing
these bits and I'm just going to repeat
on the other side moving on to the
forehead and I'm using the side of
Beauty Blender to just blend out this
highlight I want it to look soft and to
just blend smoothly into the foundation
for the contour I'm using the kind of
bulbous end of the Beauty Blender and
doing a very gentle bouncing technique
to just get that contour slowly blend it
out into my foundation take your time on
this it's not a rush we just wanted to
stay in the areas we've applied we don't
want it spread across our face so take
your time and blend and bounce
and carry on across the forehead too
now I do have a couple of dry patches
that the contour stick has clung to if
that's happened to you then just go over
those small areas using your concealer
and everything will be back to flawless
as it was before and here's how it looks
you can see that there's this triangle
of light in the center of my face from
the highlight and also on my forehead as
well this gives such a brightness to the
skin my cheeks especially have more of a
3d appearance and look less flat let's
add some blush this is the NYX blush
stick in the shade waterlily this is a
cream blush that I'm just going to make
myself look like a little elf and then
blend that out using the same Beauty
Blender once more when it comes to
setting your base you could use a fixing
spray or even a setting powder the
choice is all yours
whatever you like to use today I'm using
the Vichy dermablend powder for my under
eye and concealed areas and the
Anastasia contour kits to set the
contoured areas for the powder I'm just
going to apply it using a mini Beauty
Blender and this will slightly bake that
contoured area and just apply an excess
powder there that I will dust off
afterwards for my contour I'm taking the
shade thorn and I'm just running that
along those same areas where we
contoured especially concentrating in
the hollows of my cheeks and across the
top of my forehead I don't tend to use
this down the side of my nose because I
feel it's a little unnecessary and so
just these two main areas really next
dust off the excess translucent powder
and let's move on to blush today I'm
wearing the Milani
illuminating face powder this is shade
zero three and I'm applying this on to
the apples of my cheeks
finally some highlight you could use the
mirror Luminizer or something like the
Anastasia highlight I broke this one
today bad times I'm going to use it
anyway this is the star light to
highlight I'm just applying this to
the highest point of my cheekbones the
tip of my nose my Cupid's bow and then
the bridge of my nose and here's the
finished look you could keep this
completely natural with a touch of
mascara and lip balm or you could glam
it up ready for a night out thank you so
much for watching guys I really hope you
enjoyed and I'll see you soon bye hi
guys and welcome back today I'm talking
you through my top 15 beauty product of
2015 don't forget to hit subscribe and
I'll see you on the other side bye
