hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through my top 15 beauty
products of 2015 don't forget to hit
subscribe and I'll see you on the other
side bye in no particular order you're
on my top 15 makeup products of 2015 15
NYX eyebrow gel in the shade brunette so
you guys know that I love my dip brow
pomade from Anastacio this year I found
the NYX eyebrow gel and this is in the
shade brunette I have stopped using my
more expensive eyebrow products in favor
of this one this eyebrow gel has
replaced a brow gel and it's replaced a
dip brow pomade or an eyebrow pencil and
this is what I'm wearing right now on my
brows get 10 mils in the bottle for the
price it's incredibly good value so
definite favorite brow product of the
year 14 the mary lou manizer from the
balm the mary lou manizer for me is
probably the first highlighter that i
bought after discovering this one and
using it quite a lot I totally fell in
love with that Ubah highlighters
cheekbone I feel like the mary lou
manizer is the perfect starter
highlighter if you want to go from mid
range option that is good policy that
lasts all day and that generally suits
so many different skin tones and this
could well be the one for you
13 lit cosmetics glitter and face filler
glitter is an easy way to rescue a dodgy
smoky eye or a mistake that you may have
made in your eyeshadow because it draws
your attention to the sparkles and you
can hide a multitude of sins under
glitter the glitter base is so important
for glitter especially with this one it
stops the glitter from flying everywhere
it really does holds your glitter in
place all day and I mean like it does
not budge at all my go-to look now for a
night out or a party or anything really
is a glitter smokey eye because it just
looks so beautiful and it's so easy to
do to achieve and to wear 12 L'Oreal in
mattifying face primer this year I tried
many different drugstore primers but
there was one that really stood out to
me and one that I kept coming back to
that was the L'Oreal infallible
multiplying base primer this primer
might have been around 7 pounds or so
I'll put the links below so you can
check it out and I found that this one
works incredibly well for me in keeping
my oily areas under control it didn't
solve every issue that I have with
makeup on my skin but it did help the
longevity and the application of how
it's sat on my skin so if you're looking
for a great drugstore primer then
definitely check this one out 11
Illamasqua skin based foundation I
started using this a couple of months
ago and I found myself struggling to not
wear it on a daily basis when I wake up
and I'm like oh what a foundation should
I wear today it's always Illamasqua skin
based because I love the finished look
that it gives on my skin it's not going
to give you as much of a natural look as
a BB cream or a face gel but it is
definitely a great medium to full
coverage foundation that looks
incredible on the skin and as my skin
has improved I found that using this
foundation means I don't really have to
use that much or any concealer sometimes
on my breakouts or scars if you have an
Illamasqua near you try it out get a
swatch get a sample do what you think
because I love it and has definitely
stood out to me this year 10 Pro
Longwear paint put in the shade soft
ochre I think I started using it because
I saw Kris be using it in one of her
videos or maybe it was desi I definitely
saw somebody using it in one of their
videos and I was like okay I need to get
there I don't necessarily suffer with
oily lips but I do find that eyeshadow
can sometimes crease on me this one
holds it in place you can set it with a
powder but even more longevity and I
find it blends into my foundation like a
dream
it just looks amazing and it's very easy
to use nine Anastasio Beverly Hills
liquid lipstick I know that some people
find the Anastacio lipsticks a little
bit too drying I much prefer that dry
lip feeling to the glossy lip that
sticky that you think your hair's gonna
get stuck in or something that you think
is just gonna slide straight off your
lips and all the way down your chin
because that has happened to me before I
don't get that with these lipsticks they
last for an incredibly long time
and I find that I don't get that
horrible lipstick ring when I wear them
and what I mean by that is if I eat or
drink something then the inside kind of
wears off and I'm just left with a ring
around the outside that doesn't happen
with this I just love the finished
effect I'm wearing the shade lovely
today but I also really love pure
Hollywood I love milk shake there are so
many of these lipsticks that I adore
they thank you Anastacio and levena for
all your support that you have given to
me over the past year because I freaking
adore everything that you guys release
eight Brolin derma color camouflage
cream when it comes to concealers there
was only ever one that I could feature
in my favorite products of 2015 and that
is the camouflage cream this concealer
genuinely changed my life I know that
sounds really melodramatic and really
ridiculous
when my acne was at its worst and I felt
like nothing was covering it and I was
incredibly self-conscious and very
insecure about it the only thing I
wanted to do was hide and I wanted to
hide behind my makeup because I felt
like that gave me more confidence to
face the day that might sound ridiculous
because it's a concealer it's just
makeup as some people saying it was more
of a confidence booster to me then
any kind of self health book or anything
like that because it genuinely works and
I could see a difference when I looked
at myself in the mirror I love
everything about this concealer because
it changed my life it gave me my
confidence back it made me feel good
about myself again if you are struggling
with covering breakouts or you feel like
that is something you want to do but
haven't managed to find a product that
will work well enough for you definitely
definitely check this concealer out I
know a couple of people have difficulty
finding it I'll put some links in the
description box below so you can have a
little look on where you can find it in
your area 7 the Real Techniques miracle
complexion sponge I've tried so many
different foundation brushes over the
years and one thing I realized this year
was I didn't actually like any of them
what I love about the Real Techniques
sponge is that it has a beautiful
texture to it that makes foundation look
so much more natural I do find myself
reaching for this more frequently than
the Beauty Blender or a brush the only
negative on it is that I've totally
ruined the shape of this by putting it
in hot water and it's kind of gone a
weird shape now but otherwise I
absolutely love this product and it is
my favorite way of applying foundation
right now 6 Milani illuminating face
powder for me this is the perfect
blusher for my skintone my skin type I
think I got this on Amazon for around 6
or 7 pounds this is such a beautiful
elegant shade to use I love it on the
cheekbones for a night out and everyday
look sometimes I'll use just this and
I'm going to apply any highlighter at
all it just goes on so easily and I
adore the finished look that this gives
could be suitable for all skin tones if
you're pale or lighter then it could
work as a blusher if you're more medium
or darker skin tone then it could work
as a beautiful highlights for your skin
5 house of lashes eyelash adhesive I
always kind of struggled applying false
lashes I couldn't get them to stay
and they kind of just flopped about
everywhere and then with the wrong lens
and they look like crap and I just
couldn't get them to work and it drove
me freaking in space since I ditched my
last lash glue and switched to the house
of lashes lashes ESA's I feel like my
eyelash game just totally changed they
do not move I mean like these beauties
just stay there if you struggle with
applying false lashes it might not be
you well it could be you could be really
bad at applying lashes sorry but it
might be the actual glue rather than you
if you love wearing false lashes for the
love of makeup please ditch the lash
glue comes in the packet and invest in
one of these because it will make your
lash game so strong and they will not
come off for pixie nourishing cleansing
balm if there's just one skin care
product you want to try it from pixie
bTW then I feel like it should be the
nourishing cleansing balm because this
just melts off makeup like no other I
always worry about cleansing balms if
they're going to break me out or give me
a reaction because a couple of the ones
I've tried in the past have this one
however does what I feel like it's the
opposite it's oops my skin it feels
really good and it just melts the makeup
off my skin I love using this one as a
first cleanse to remove my makeup and
then I go in with the second product
just to cleanse my skin at 18 pounds
it's not the cheapest of skincare
products but I find that you don't
actually need that much to make a
difference to your skin 3 Antipodes
reincarnation pure facial exfoliator I
absolutely love Antipodes skincare
product and I only really discovered
them this year although I do love many
different products in their range
there's one that stands out to me
because it was the very first one that I
tried from them and that was the pure
facial exfoliator if you've had acne or
skin conditions or blemishes then you
know that it's difficult to trust new
products especially exfoliator
when you have very painful breakouts on
your skin this one is so gentle to use
and I found it quite soothing as well it
doesn't feel abrasive you don't feel
like you're rubbing plastic beads or
sand or anything brittle on your face it
just feels incredibly gentle as you're
using it and it really does give that
beautiful exfoliated skin finish -
Maybelline Color sensational lipsticks
what I love about the color sensational
range is it has that satin effect on the
lips you don't feel like it's gonna
slide off onto your chin but it does
have just the right level of shine to it
to make it look a little bit more than
just a matte lipstick but not quite that
full sticky glossy look there are so
many amazing colors in the range and
they're incredibly cheap to pick up I
think there are about six or seven
pounds so it is worth checking out that
line if you are near the drugstore I
think it's my favorite type of drugstore
lipstick that's out there so definitely
worth picking up one final product on my
list is the early hen mixin 3 little
wonders set now I discovered this brand
earlier this year I'm pretty sure I'm
saying it's wrong I say Olay Henriksen
but I think it's supposed to be all day
or only or alayhim mixin boule I don't
know I know I'm saying it wrong I'm
really sorry
I had the Three Little Wonders set this
year are those three products together
as part of my skin regime and my
lifestyle changes I feel we're
responsible for the biggest change in my
skin I'm not saying that that product
alone was what cured my acne I did feel
like those three products together made
a huge amount of difference to my skin I
love those three products and I feel
like that set is one thing that again
gave me confidence back this year and it
made me feel good about myself because I
felt like that was finally overcoming my
acne and there we have it my 15 top
product of 2015 I really hope you
enjoyed this video and I really hope
that I didn't Warfel on for way too long
and took absolute crap thank you so much
for watching guys I hope you enjoyed
this style of
video and let me know your thoughts on
if you want to see monthly favorites you
so much for watching don't forget to hit
that subscribe button to get notified
and keep up to date with every video
that I post and I'll see you guys soon
have an amazing New Year's and thank you
so much for watching bye hi guys and
welcome back today I'm talking you
through how to do this glitter winter
glam makeup look it's so easy to do so
let's get started I'm using the Marc
Jacobs coconut primer to prep for my
skin before
