hey guys welcome back today I'm talking
you through this drugstore Christmas
makeup look I'm using the NYX HD
photogenic primer to start my face
before moving on to the Revlon Colorstay
foundation this is in the shade buff I
bought this recently having not used it
in years so I'm not sure if it's gonna
work on me at all but I'm gonna give it
a go I'm just applying it all over my
skin using in Real Techniques brush it's
definitely more orange than I'm used to
mixed up the NYX brow gel I actually
hated this the first time I tried it but
then I gave it another go last week and
it grew on me and I'm definitely feeling
this brow gel right now and I find
myself reaching for it on a daily basis
which is always a good sign to conceal
I'm going through the NYX HD concealer
I'm really enjoying this one too
currently I'll use this to carve out my
brows on my chin also my nose and my
forehead this will give a slight
contouring effect because the foundation
is slightly darker than I'd usually go
for so rather than adding in a contour
I'm going to add in some lightness and
kind of almost do a weird reverse
contour thing it sounds weird but
strangely it seems to be working for
some extra brightness I'm using the hmmm
ivory concealer this may not be a
traditionally drugstore product but it
is $4.99 and it's available on the high
street so let me have it
please I'm using this in the similar
places just to brighten up the center of
my face I love this NYX waterlily blush
at the moment honestly this video is not
sponsored by NYX but I am feeling NYX
products right now feeling numb let's
move on to the eyes back to that nyx
concealer just to prime my eyes and get
it looking good on my skintone and then
i'm going to move on to the nyx jumbo
eye pencil in the shade milk i'm putting
this into the tear duct and then i'm
gonna drag it across onto the lid and
blend that out softly using my finger
for eyeshadow I'm using the Tanya burr
Hollywood palette I'm just taking nude
to light over the center and outer
corner of my eye shade gold coin
over the outer third and just softly
blending that out next the shade
bookworm just very lightly rolled into
the deepest part of my crease you don't
need to do this bit I just like it
because it gives my eye more of a deep
set look onto mascara I'm using the
Maybelline waterproof sensational
mascara and just a light coating of that
before moving straight on to the Ilia
texture lashes instead of using the full
lash I'm actually going to use the outer
edge lashes to give more of a flirty
flick kind of look back to that milk
pencil I'm just gonna run this in my
lower waterline to open up my eyes and
look a bit more festive followed by some
mascara the NYX HD concealer just
underneath my eyes just to brighten and
clear up those dark lines followed by
the L'Oreal Lumi magic I'm just gonna
blend this out but using my brush or you
could use your finger if you're kind of
fill in there or even a sponge whichever
works for you you do you just blend that
out I'm setting that using the NYX HD
studio powder I didn't realize how much
next products I used in this video I'm
really sorry it just set the concealed
areas using that powder taking some of
the love at first blush on my Real
Techniques blush up brush and just
applying that onto the apples of my
cheeks followed by the MUA red drama lip
liner I think this lip liner was one
pound it is such a bargain and so easy
to use even comes with a sharpener in
the lid and finish up with the makeup
revolution atomic ruby red lipstick you
can use any red lipstick that you like
and you think that looks good on you
and to highlight the MUA and dress your
skin and I think this is the iridescent
gold highlighter just add in all of that
all over my face as always and here's
the finished look thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
video and don't forget to hit that
subscribe button I'll see you guys soon
bye hi guys and welcome back today I'm
getting all Christmassy
a lot of Christmas things going on I am
showing you how to do this blue silver
Dewey party Lok that's perfect for the
holiday season now don't forget to hit
that subscribe button to get notified
