hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this dramatic black glitter smokey
eyed look make sure you hit that
subscribe button to keep up to date with
all the videos that I upload I hope you
enjoy bye today I'm going to challenge
myself and try a news product so that I
wouldn't necessarily use on a normal
everyday basis it's going to start by
filling in my brows using the NYX
eyebrow powder palette and this is in
the shade dark brown going to start
mapping out my brows using the lighter
color I'm just going to carve them out
using my concealer V Illamasqua skin
base lift light 1 I'm just going to use
this with my zoeva winged liner brush
and just sharpen those brows I'm going
to set my brows using the Maybelline
brow drama in the shade dark blonde I'm
going to move on to the eyes I'm using
the Mac Paint Pot in the shade painterly
using my finger I'm just going to apply
that onto my nose to set the Paint Pot
I'll be using the makeup revolution
touch me eyes shadow I'm going to be
doing a dark eye shadow look today and
usually when that happens you end up
with quite a lot of pigment on your
cheeks or the glitter goes everywhere so
to prevent that I'm going to be using my
shadow shield today I'm going to be
using the NYX love in Paris and this is
the merci beaucoup
this shade here this which is like a
medium tani brown color for the
transition shade I'm using soft circular
motions just to blend this shadow in and
out dark brown shade in the middle just
to deepen up that crease blend up those
two shadows this dark slate gray shade
here all over the lid
blend out the edges going to take the
Obsidian black eyeshadow from the H&M
beauty range Pat that shadow or onto the
lid to really give my eyes that wow
factor I'm going to apply some black
glitter this is a black glitter from
glitter Express topcoat at UK you can
use any black glitter for this to make
sure that my glitter is applied and
isn't going to go anywhere I'll be using
the lit cosmetics clearly liquid glitter
base then going to apply this glitter
directly to my eyes I'm just going to
apply some liquid eyeliner the H&M
dip liner in I just want to use the lash
line as my guide some mascara to my top
lashes today I'll be using the clinic
chubby lash for lashes today I'll be
using the salon system text your lashes
and these are number one three five
fight I'm just going to very gently peel
these shadow shields off
to prime my skin I'm using the Loreal
infallible primer and especially
concentrated in any areas where I get
the most oily whole foundation I'll be
using the Charlotte Tilbury magic
foundation in shade 2 which is fair I've
never used this product before but I
appeared so many amazing things about it
I'm really excited to try it now I only
use one pump of the foundation and it
hasn't covered the redness on my skin
but it has given a really nice luminous
glow to my face cover up any of the
redness or scarring that may still be
showing I'm going to go back to that
illamasqua skin facelift concealer in
the shade light one use this concealer
to cover up any scarring or any redness
that may still be showing to blend out
that concealer I'm going to be using a
mini Beauty Blender
I'm going to move on to my cream contour
the NYX wonder stick in the shade
light/medium so underneath my cheekbones
my forehead down the side of my chin and
along my temples we're going to run it
slightly down the side of my nose
usually at this point I would blend out
the contour first before going in with
the highlight but today I'm going to
apply them both at the same time so you
can see the position in the one justic
does have a cream highlighter but I find
that it's not bright enough to give a
really bright highlight that I
personally like going to mix together
that light one concealer that we used on
our breakouts with the white concealer
from Illamasqua
know that I have my highlight and my
contour applied and I look a little bit
crazy it's time to blend it out be using
my mini Beauty Blender
I'm just going to apply some concealer
under my eyes just to brighten and lift
that area hmm cover up concealer
going to set that used in my again
all-time favorites boom night neutral
set powder
I'm also going to apply this powder on
to the areas where we highlight it brush
away any excess powder to set my cream
contour I'm going to be using the
Illamasqua sculpting powder duo and I'm
just going to use the contour shade
which is Heliopolis using a blusher
brush I think this is for blush I'm
using the Milani illuminating touch
powder because I struggle to go a day
without reaching for this powder because
I freaking love it
to highlight I'm going back to that
illamasqua sculpting do the Lumos
highlighter
back to that Knicks merci beaucoup
palette I'm going to take this cranberry
shade underneath the lower lash line and
I'm just taking this cranberry shade
quite low to intensify the lower lash
area I'll be using the black shade from
the H&M beauty line on the outer edge of
the lower lash line to finish up the
chubby mascara from Clinique finally
let's do those lips to line my lips I'm
using the Charlotte Tilbury lip cheat in
the shade iconic nude
because unveiling the color of that
lipliner so much for my lips I'm
actually going to use the Maybelline
Baby Lips and this is the doctor rescue
one why that lip balm all over and here
is the finished look this is my dramatic
black glitter smokey eyes look it is a
really full-on dramatic sexy gothic glam
look I really hope you enjoyed this look
let me know your comments in the comment
section below and let me know if there
are any other colors that you would like
to see me experiment with because I
would love to hear from you thank you so
much for watching and supporting and
please don't forget to give this video a
huge thumbs up and don't forget to
subscribe so you never miss a video I'll
see you guys soon bye hi guys and
welcome back today I'm going to be
showing you how I remove my makeup after
a night out recently I got to say in an
amazing hotel and I thought what better
way to spend the evening then fill me in
a youtube video in the bathroom so this
is my makeup removal video I hope you
enjoy
