hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this easy
autumn or fall makeup look I hope you
enjoy and I'll see you guys soon bye
I've already moisturized and prepped my
skin so I'm going to go straight in with
my primer today I'll be using the NYX HD
studio photogenic primer going to apply
that using my fingers I'm actually going
to fill in my eyebrows before I apply my
foundation today I'll be using the
Anastasia dip brow in the shade soft
brown
with my brows buildin I'm just going to
go ahead and carve them out using my
Crayola derma color
to set my brows I'll be using the
Maybelline brow drama and this is the
dark brown sculpting mascara I'm going
to move on to foundation today I'll be
using the Illamasqua skin base in shade
0-3 I'm going to apply my foundation
using my Beauty Blender
I'm going to go back to my dear
McCulloch quintet and I'm just going to
do some pinpoint
butts correcting I've applied shades D 1
and D four onto the back of my hands I'm
just going to mix them together using my
concealer brush and found applied that
onto my skin
with our face applied now I'm going to
move on to my eye shadow I'm going to
start by priming my eyes using the soft
ochre Paint Pot by Mac and I'm just
going to apply that using my fingers all
over the lid two sets for Paint Pot I'm
just going to use the banana powder from
the Anastasia contour kit I'm just going
to apply that all over the lids for
eyeshadow today I'll be using the NYX
Cosmetics love in Paris eyes shadow
palette I'm going to start by taking
this warm tan that shade here and I'm
just going to apply that straight into
the crease
next I'm going to take this beautiful
cranberry shape here and I'm just going
to apply that all over the lid up to the
crease it just patting that on and using
a flat eyeshadow brush and I'm just
going to blend out that beautiful creme
brulee just rolling my brush back and
forth into the crease just to soften the
transition between those two shadows and
once again I'm just going to go back in
forward that cranberry shadow just to
intensify the lid color to highlight my
brow bone I'm going to be using this
light white eyeshadow here for eyeliner
today I'll be using the Avon true black
black kohl eyeliner
for mascara I'm going to be adding a
coat of the NYX voluptuous mascara and
this is mainly just to prep my lashes
before I add on some falsies for lashes
today I'll be using the House of masses
feline lashes with our lashes done I'm
just going to move on to conceal in my
under eye area today I'll be using the
NARS radiant creamy concealer and I'm
just going to apply that directly to the
under eye area
I'm just going to set my under eye
concealer using the Ben Nye neutral set
colorless powder go back to that
cranberry colored eyeshadow and just run
that along my lower lash line just going
to line the outer edge of my lower lash
line and just apply one coat of mascara
to contour my face I'm going to be using
the Anastasia powder contour kit this is
light palette I'm going to be taking
this medium set here which is called
thorne apply that on the hollows of my
cheeks and also along the top of my
forehead
well blush today I'll be using the Max
Factor cream puffs blush in the shade
lovely pink as the highlight I'll be
using the bombs mary lou manizer i'm
just going to apply this on to the tops
of my cheeks and the tip of my nose
let's finish up the look with our lips
I'll be using the NYX hot coco lip liner
I'm just going to entirely fill in my
lips for lipstick today I'm going to be
wearing the Anastasia Beverly Hills
liquid lipstick in the shade said girl
and here is the finished look this is my
easy autumn acne coverage makeup look
thank you so much for watching guys I
hope you enjoyed this little or two
makeup look if there's any other colors
or styles you'd love to see me try then
don't forget to let me know in the
comment section below if you enjoyed
this video then please don't forget to
give it a huge thumbs up and of course
don't forget to subscribe so you never
miss a video I'll see you guys soon bye
hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this drugstore blue smokey eyed
makeup look I hope you enjoy and I'll
see you guys soon bye I've already
moisturized and prepped my skin so to
start off with I'll be using the NYX
showing killer primer
