hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this drugstore blue smokey eyed
makeup look I hope you enjoy and I'll
see you guys soon bye I've already
moisturized and prepped my skin so to
start off with I'll be using the NYX
shine killer primer I'm just going to
apply a pea-sized amount all over my
skin especially concentrating in any
areas where I get the most oily full
foundation today I'm going to be using a
mixture of the Bourjois healthy mix
foundation and the L'Oreal True Match in
I agree Road I'm just going to apply
those using my Real Techniques miracle
complexion sponge to conceal my
breakouts I'm going to be using the
collection lasting perfection concealer
in shade number one then I'm just going
to apply that concealer onto the back of
my hand and I'm just going to apply that
using my zoeva 142 concealer buffer
brush I'm just applying this concealer
using the brush and then gently patting
it in using my finger to create a
flawless transition between the
concealer and the foundation
going to move on to fill in my brows and
we'll come back to finishing off the
face later to fill in my brows I'll be
using the NYX eyebrow powder in dark
brown rushing through my brows to make
sure all the hairs are going in
directions I want them and then I'm just
going to start filling them in I'm going
to go back to the collection concealer
and just carve out my brows I haven't
found a drugstore eyelid primer that I'm
loving just yet so I'm going to be using
my concealer this is the collection
lasting perfection concealer in shade 1
which is fair now if you can't get this
in your country then you could always
use something like the LA girl
concealers which are very very similar
products like a touch of this concealer
just directly onto the eyelid using my
finger I'm just going to blend that
concealer out just set my eyelid primer
or concealer I'm going to be using the
makeup revolution touch me eyes shadow
you can use any kinds of cream or light
beige or skin tone shadow into this I'm
just going to apply that eyes shadow all
over the lid and I'm going to take it up
to under my brow this book also acts as
a highlight for eyeshadow today I'll be
using the sleek nautical palette and
this is the calm before the storm color
I'm going to start by taking this topi
mozi shades here and just working this
directly into the socket and
into the crease and then blend it out
using a small circular and went to my
promotions I'm just going to go back in
and just intensify that crease this is
the crown c-44 1 deluxe crease brush and
I'm just going to really blend out all
of that topi gray shadow just diffuse
that next I'm going to take the NYX
jumbo eye pencil in the shade milk and
mainly concentrating this in the inner
corner and the center of the lid I'm
just going to blend that pencil out
using my finger this is just an easy way
of creating an eyeshadow base so we can
use a light color or a bright color
eyeshadow on top of it and it's really
really going to make it pop I'm going to
go back to the eye shadow brush we use
earlier and just roll that brush just
around the edges of that white pencil
going back to that sleek nautical
palette I'm going to take this lightest
shadow here and just apply that in the
inner corner
next I'm going to take this beautiful
kind of equity or shade I'm going to
apply this in the center of the list
finally I'm going to take this beautiful
blue shade here and just apply that onto
the outer edge of the loads I'm going to
go back to that big fluffy brush we used
earlier and I'm just going to blend
those out into each other to create a
flawless transition back to that dark
topi gray color and once again I'm just
going to work that into the crease blend
out that gray shadow to darken up my
lash line I'm going to be using the
Maybelline big eyes liner and I'm just
going to run the black end all along the
inner waterline and all over the lash
line
and I'm just going to take a small
fluffy pencil brush and just blend out
that black eyeliner my lower lash line
I'm going to be using the bourgeois
contour clubbing eyeliner and this is in
shade blue neon and I'm just going to
apply this all underneath my lower lash
line into the center of my people next
I'm going to go back to that big eyes
liner and just again apply on my outer
edge of my water
and my lower lashline and I'm going to
take that small pencil brush and just
blend out those two eyeliners I'm going
to add a coat of the Rimmel wonderful
mascara for lashes today I'll be wearing
the Vegas nay brand
glamour lashes I'm just going to apply
one more coat of the Rimmel wonderful
mascara conceal the under eye area I'll
be used in the L'Oreal Lumi magique and
I'm just going to blend that in using my
makeup sponge
I'm also going to apply a small amount
of the-- L'Oreal touch magic
it's assets that can see light using the
wool well I'm going to set my under eye
concealer using the Maybelline Matt's
makeup pressed powder
to contour I'm going to be using the NYX
wonder stick cream contour and I'm just
going to roll this in light hollows of
my cheeks and below my cooler to blend
the contour using might nerve complexion
sponge
to set to my contour I'll be using the
NYX taupe blusher
and to highlight I'll be using the
highlighting end of that wonder stick
and once again I'm just going to blend
that out using the makeup sponge
for blusher I'll be using the sleek face
form palette and I'm just going to apply
a small amount of that blusher using my
Real Techniques blush brush and for
highlight I'll be using the highlighting
powder from the same sleek compact is
going to rumba on the highest points of
my cheeks the tip of my nose finally I'm
going to finish up the look using some
lipstick today I'll be using the
Maybelline tantalizing taupe lipstick
and here is the finished look this is my
blue smokey eyed Trachsel makeup look so
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this video and I think
it's so much fun sometimes to try
playing with new colors and to do new
looks that you wouldn't normally wear I
wouldn't normally wear blue eyeshadow
but I've tried it out today and I think
I'm digging it you know I think I like
it what do you guys think do you like
blue eyeshadow let me know in the
comments thank you so much for watching
and of course if you enjoyed this video
then please don't forget to give it a
huge thumbs up and don't forget to
subscribe so you never miss a video I'll
see you guys soon bye hi guys and
welcome back so this is the third time I
have tried to film this video the first
time I had a lipstick on my teeth the
second time there was no audio and now
I'm gonna try again for the third time
and the hope that I can tell you guys
all about my September favorites the
first product I want to talk to you guys
about today is something that you might
have seen popping up in my videos over
the past month or so and that is
