hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this
bronze glitter smokey eyes makeup look I
hope you enjoy and I'll see you guys
soon bye to prime my face I'm going to
be using the NYX HD studio photogenic
primer I'm just going to apply that onto
the back of my hand I'm going to use my
fingers to work this primer into my skin
recently I found that I have been
preparing and filling in my brows first
I find that the color can look slightly
different when you apply dipbrow over
Foundation and concealer so today I'm
going to fill in my brows first and then
do my foundation last brush through my
brows to make sure all the hairs are
going in the right direction I'll be
using the anastasia beverly hills
dipbrow pomade in shade soft brown with
our brows now filled in to sharpen and
carve them out I'm going to be using my
Kryolan default concealer going to use
my finger to blend it out the Crowell
and Dee 406 under the arch to apply a
small highlight I'm going to be using
the Rimmel brow this way clear brow gel
to prime my eyes I'm going to be using
the Mac Paint Pot in shade soft ochre to
set my Mac Paint Pot I'm going to be
using the touch me cream eyeshadow from
makeup revolution
use an 8 large fluffy brush I'm going to
take the remnants of this shade for oak
badly hit pan on and I'm just going to
work that color into the crease next I'm
going to take this brown shade I'm going
to work that into the crease and buff it
out I'm also bringing this brown shade
onto my lid and using a windscreen wiper
motion I'm just going to ensure that
that's all blended out I'm going to be
using the lit cosmetics cowgirl glitter
in size 3 and to get the glitter in a
workable state I'm going to be mixing it
with the lit clearly liquid and this is
the glitter base going to apply that
onto the back of my hand
saturate a flat shader brush in that
glitter base then I'm going to dip the
brush straight into the glitter to pick
some up I'm going to tap off any excess
because I don't want that to fall off
onto my face before we apply our glitter
I'm just going to attach my shadow
shields quick so and just applying that
on to the lid not going higher than the
first crease
to blend out the edges of the glitter
I'm just going to turn my brush sideways
and do some small up-and-down Masons
all we're trying to do at this point is
to just diffuse the edges of the glitter
so we're not left with a really harsh
line with a glitter end and the shadow
starts I don't know if you can see but
the shadow gels have actually managed to
catch quite a lot of glitter that would
have fallen out onto my cheeks oh
eyeliner today I'm going to be using the
Maybelline lasting drama black shock
eyeliner and it doesn't really matter
which one that you use you just want
something that's easy to smudge work in
that eyeliner into the roots of the
lashes I'm also going to use this
eyeliner to line my upper waterline next
I'm just going to take a pencil brush
and smudge that eyeliner to really give
our eyes that wow look I'm going to
apply some false lashes today I'm going
to be using my favorites that I've used
so many times recently but I just can't
get enough of them right now and that is
the siren lashes from house of lashes
before I removed my shadow shields I'm
just going to take a small amount of the
touch me shadow on that fluffy blending
brush and I'm just going to apply this
under the arch emphasize that highlight
a little bit more I'm just going to
remove the shadow felt today I'm going
to try a foundation I've never used
before the Illamasqua skin based in
shade 0-3 good to apply my foundation
using my Real Techniques miracle
complexion sponge
so first impressions it hasn't covered
all of my scarring you can still see
some showing through here and again on
my forehead you can still see the
scarring showing through apart from that
I mean like it is given such a beautiful
dewy finish genuinely looks like skin
and it has a nice Sheen to it so I think
you might see this again in another
video to add some warmth to my face I'm
going to be using the Anastacio cream
contour kits is going to take this light
of contour shades here and just work
that into the hollows of my cheeks going
to move on to the darker shade cinnamon
and just really use that to work in my
contour and warm up my skin highlight
I'm going to be using the NARS radiant
creamy concealer in shade Chantilly and
I'm just going to apply this in the
under eye area center of my nose my
Cupid's bow
and my chin also above my eyebrows in
the center of my forehead next I'm just
going to blend out that concealer into
my foundation for the under eye area
first I'm going to use my fingers and
just push it up underneath my lower lash
line also going to drag it out sideways
to diffuse and blend the edges I'm going
to go back to my miracle complexion
sponge I'm going to set my under eye
concealer using my Ben Nye neutral set
colorless powder I'm just going to roll
the brush in the powder down
flatten it and just apply that under my
eyes now you could use another brush to
do this but I didn't have the one I
wanted clean so I'm gonna use this one
instead
let's fix any scarring that may still be
showing go back to my Kryolan derma
color and I'm going to mix together
shades d4 and shades d 1w on the back of
my hand
and using that same concealer brush I
think this is actually a lip brush that
we used for our eyebrows I'm just
going to cover up any blemishes that
might still be showing I'm just going to
apply the concealer camouflage cream and
then blend it out using the warmth of my
fingers I'm finding that I'm having to
use hardly any concealer today and a
that's because my scarring is fading and
I don't have many active breakouts today
I've got a couple around my eyes and
also I've got one right under my chin
but mainly it's scarring today and also
that Foundation has done such a good job
I don't actually need much concealer
today go back to that Ben Nye powder and
using the same spectrum kabuki I'm just
going to buff that powder into my skin
to contour I'm going to be used in the
anastacio powder contour kit take the
shade fawn on my crown ce 403 chisel
brush and just apply it along the
hollows of my cheeks
along my temples for blusher I'm going
to be using my favorite Milani
illuminating face powder dad this is
shape number 3 ply that blusher along
the apples of my cheeks to highlight I'm
going to be using the Anastasia Beverly
Hills star light illuminator I've
actually never used this highlighter
before and this is my first time using
it so I am so excited right now and I'm
just going to oh wow wow I'm just going
to apply that along the tops of my
cheeks that highlight also going to
apply this to the tip of my nose down
the bridge of my nose slightly above
from my eyebrows my Cupid's bow I'm just
going to go back to my eye shadow and
finish off those eyes take deep brown
eye shadow that we used earlier I'm just
going to run that along my lower lash
line small amount of this black eye
shadow and just run this in the outer
edge of the lower lash line for mascara
I'm going to be using the Rimmel
wonderful mascara go back to that little
cosmetic split apply a small amount
directly underneath the center of the
people to add a touch of highlight to
the tear duct area I'm going to be using
the anastacio starlight highlighter
pop a small amount just into the tear
duct for my lips today I'm going to be
using the Lord and berry nude lip liner
and I'm just going to start by outlining
my lips
to give my lips more of an ombre effect
I'm going to be applying a small amount
of the Maybelline delicate pearl
lipstick apply this in the center of the
lips
so here is the finished look this is my
bronze glitter smokey eyed look now I do
hope you enjoyed this video do you have
to say I used the Illamasqua skin base
for the very first time today kind of
digging it so far
wasn't expecting to have liked it as
much as I did I love how it's making my
skin look so yes to this hopefully won't
break me out we'll find out in a couple
of days now if you already follow me on
snapchat then you will already know that
I am currently daily vlogging on
snapchat so if you're interested to see
what I get up to brought my days for up
my wicks then make sure that you are
following me on snapchat just catch up
and keep up for with me throughout the
week if you enjoyed this video then
please don't forget to give it a huge
thumbs up so I know that you did and I
will keep making more um and make sure
that you hit that subscribe button so
you never miss another video thanks for
watching guys and I'll see you soon bye
hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how I
do my winged liner I'm going to be using
my favorite liner and that is the artist
of makeup extreme art liner pen the tip
is
