hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm talking you through how to
achieve this kendall Jenner acne
coverage Golden Globes inspired makeup
look so if you want to find out how to
get this look just keep watching
using the Make Up For Ever Ultra HD skin
booster I'm just going to prep my skin
and give it an extra boost of hydration
before moving on to my favorite
foundation of all-time
the RCM a foundation palette using the
back of a clean brush I've just taken a
small amount of a few different shades
onto the back of my hand and one little
trick that I like to do to cover any
areas of pigmentation or intense redness
or if you find that you have a big color
difference between your skin and your
problem areas I personally like to go in
first of all with a darker shade maybe
not that much that's a little bit too
much but I like to go in first of all
with a darker kind of sometimes grey or
almost kind of like a dull tone first of
all to try and neutralize I'm personally
not a fan of green concealers and I
personally don't ever use them instead I
find this tactic looks so much more
natural when you've applied to your
cover or conceal product to all of your
pigmented areas then you want to go in
with a nice fluffy brush use an
incredibly light hand for this stage to
start blending and buffing those
foundations out onto your skin now if
you don't have this palettes you can
just use a normal set kind of concealer
to do this as well and you can really
see how little product has made a big
difference after my initial round of
blending I like to then go in with a
slightly larger but still very small
fluffy brush and just again take my time
using an incredibly light hand
everything blended up together at this
stage all you're doing is covering and
filling in the good parts of skin around
the blemishes I'm also going to use that
same RC ma palette as a contour and also
a little bit of a highlight as well I
guess that's one of the benefits of
having so many different shades in one
product that it just totally minimizes
the amount of different products you
have to use the most important thing to
remember when applying your makeup is to
take your time go lightly you can always
add more but it's harder to take it away
to conceal my under eye area I'm using
the Tarte
shape tape and this is in the shade fair
neutral and once again I'm using a very
very small amount and I'm just gonna
blend that out using the same Real
Techniques brush to set that I'm using
my favorite powder and this is the Ben
Nye neutral set colorless powder to
contour my skin today I'm using the Kat
Von D shade and light palette and I'm
just trying to recreate that golden
bronze II kind of heavily contoured
Kardashian look that Kendall is wearing
so I'm just taking my time a building
the color up gradually and slowly and
use in two different shades to do that
I'm also going to take that same contour
shade onto my eyes and use it as an
eyeshadow palette today's look is all
about multifunctional products and if we
don't have to add in another product and
we can use something we're already using
then let's do it
next up brows and today I'm going to be
filling in my brows of course using the
benefits brow products so first of all
I'm just going to go in the benefit goof
proof brow pencil this is in shape
number three and I'm going to use this
to bulk out they can fluff out and
basically give me the brows I've always
wanted and to neaten up I'm just going
to go back in with a touch at the RCM a
foundation to set those brows I'm using
the benefit give me brow brow
Kjell and again this is in shade number
three let's move on to eyeliner and
today I'm using the Kat Von D tattoo ink
liner now this is a product that I'm
very very rarely used but I thought I
would give another product to try today
and step up my comfort zone and
Kendall's look at the Golden Globes was
kind of all about that winged liner and
bronze II need look so this was a little
bit scary probably not the best time to
try a new product but it worked out in
the end and some mascara today I'm using
the Maybelline colossal bigshots
followed by the House of lashes pixie
luxe lashes I think I really think
that's what these are I don't know I
threw out the box sorry guys only for
link below next I'm moving on to the
copper aspects a highlight palette and
this is a new products I think this was
my first time using it and yeah you can
definitely tell by the amount of that
bronze I put on my skin I definitely
blended it out to make it work a little
bit better but yeah trust me you do not
need that much of this product for my
lips today I'm using the buxom cosmetics
lip pencil and I think this is in the
shade stealth so first of all I'm just
going to outline and then fill in my
lips using that product before moving
straight on to the Rihanna Fenty beauty
lip gloss it just gives me that kind of
glossy luscious red carpet lip and this
is the finished look
it is my kendall Jenner Golden Globes
acne coverage makeup look so many words
and so little makeup thank you so much
for watching I really hope you enjoyed
this video and I hope you learned
something and I hope you like look let
me know what you think in the comment
section down below thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you guys soon bye
