hi guys and welcome back so today I'm
going to be showing you how to do this
deep and dark sexy smokey eyed makeup
look
enjoy this makeup flick and I'll see you
guys very soon bye because we're going
to be using quite a dark eyeshadow today
I'm going to be applying my shadow
shells just to catch any of the pigments
that's going to fall out onto my skin so
now that we look pretty freakin crazy
let's start our eyeshadow I'm going to
apply the Mac Paint Pot in shape
soft ochre to fill in my brows I'm going
to be using the Anastasia dip brow
pomade in shape taupe I'm just going to
take the dip brow in soft brown and just
emphasize the tails of the brows I'm
going to take some of my derma color and
I'm going to take the D 1w and the d4
and I'm just going to outline those
brows
going to set my brows using the
Anastasia clear brow gel to set the Mac
Paint Pot I'm going to be using the
makeup revolution touched me I shadowed
this is just a cream eyeshadow that's
similar shades to my skin tone for my
eyeshadow today I'm going to be using
the Anastasia Beverly Hills shadow
couture willed traveler palette now I
love this palette it has so many
gorgeous shades in it but you don't have
to use this palette you can get very
similar shades in something like the
crown 35 color neutrals palette again
you'll get very similar shades there are
so many out there that you can do this
look using I'm going to take this shape
here which is called Morocco and this is
going to be our transition but I'm just
going to apply that straight into the
crease then I'm just doing some
windscreen wiper motions to blend that
shadow next I'm going to take this warm
brown shade here called fudge and again
I'm just going to apply that in the
crease and just blend that out going to
take that jumbo shadow brush that we
used for the cream shadow earlier and
just blend out the edges in a sideways
windscreen wiper just to make sure that
those edges and the transitions are
seamless for our lid color today I'll be
using the shade noir which is a gorgeous
black now I'm not taking this shadow
higher than the crease at all I just
want to keep it quite low under the lids
then I'm just going to blend out that
black shadow going in windscreen wiper
motions and small circles to do this
take a little bit more of that noir
shadow and just again apply it onto the
lid back to the makeup revolution touch
me shadow and using that big jumbo brush
just apply that once again and let's go
through some eyeliner I'm going to be
using the Avon super shock liner which
is a gorgeous smoky gel liner pants
apply that along my upper lash line
using a small round pencil brush lend
that liner out full lashes today I'll be
wearing the
- for house of lashes siren lashes pixie
lash booster mascara and I'm just going
to apply that to my upper lashes now
that the majority of our eye makeup is
done I'm just going to peel off those
shadow shields to prime my skin today
I'm going to be using the NYX HD studio
primer for foundation today I'm going to
be using the pixie h2o skin tint so find
that this foundation applies better
using my fingers so that time going to
use it today to conceal my blemishes I'm
using the derma color range from Kryolan
and I have shaved D 1 W and shaved E 4
and these two I mixed together on the
back of my hands to create the perfect
concealer shade what my skin is going to
apply that product over any areas that
need concealer to blend out my concealer
I'm going to use the warmth of my
fingers because I find that that helps
get a really beautiful even coverage if
you don't want to use your fingers you
could use a Beauty Blender to do it
instead you can see how easy it is to
get a flawless coverage using nothing
more than a tinted moisturizer and a
high coverage concealer to contour today
I want to keep it quite subtle so I'm
going to be using the illamasqua cream
pigment in the shade hollow now that we
have our contour in all of the places
that we like I'm just going to use my
Beauty Blender to blend that out
to highlight today I'm going to be using
the Crowell and der McCullough in shady
4:06 no I don't use this project
directly under the eyes because I find
that it falls into any fine lines and
creases but everywhere else I love it
I'm just going to blend it out in
exactly the same way using my Beauty
Blender let's move on to concealing the
under eye area today I'm going to be
using the LA pro conceal and this is in
shade porcelain I'm going to apply this
just underneath my eyes
I'm just going to switch to my beauty
blender to add a touch of brightness and
just to lift my dark circles I'm going
to be using the l'oreal lumi magique I
kind of have a thing about my dark
circles using a light reflective product
such as this one or like a two Shack lat
can work really well I'm going to be
using the Ben Nye neutral set colorless
powder to set the rest of my face I'm
going to swap to my crown
duo face brush finish off the rest of
the eye shadow take the shade Morocco
run that along the under eye area brown
shade fudge concentrate this in the
outer edge of the lower lash line we
shade noir underneath the lower lash
line just to the center of the pupil to
brighten and open up the eyes I'm going
to add the shade pink champagne into the
tear duct area to add a touch of contour
to my cheeks I'll be using the crown tan
color powder contour kit basically has
every contour color that you might need
going to take this shape here I don't
know what it is I just know it's the
medium one work that into the hollows of
my cheeks I'm also going to apply that
contour along at the top of my forehead
to highlights today I'm going to be
using the Gerard cosmetics the powder in
shade audrey sweet black feather just
into the tops of my cheekbones also just
on the tip of my nose and my Cupid's bow
finally let's finish up the lip with our
lips George at after which is Walmart in
the States zero one natural beige so I'm
just going to line my lips using this
liner Jerrod Cosmetics lipstick 1995
so here is the finished look and this is
my sort of deep sexy smoky eye look I
genuinely have no idea what I'm gonna
call this look
so whatever the fancy title is is what
this look is calm my brain is not
working today this is my brand new hair
making an appearance just in case you
don't follow me on snapchat or Instagram
then this is what you have missed out on
Sid
over the past couple of days now if
today was actually the first time I've
done my makeup since I've had my new
hair and that was a little bit weird
because I wasn't used to you know the
colors and how they look differently on
my skin now that my hair has changed so
many things to think about thank you so
much for watching if you like this video
then please make sure you hit that
subscribe button so you can see all of
my other videos as they come out and of
course don't forget to give it a huge
thumbs up because that really helps my
channel thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you guys soon bye
