hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this quick and easy acne coverage
summer makeup look I hope you enjoy and
I'll see you guys soon bye to prime I'll
be using the pixie flawless and poreless
primer and this is great for the summer
because it has a natural shine control
it also contains salicylic acids to help
clear and unblock your pores used in
shades d7 from the Kryolan derma color
dq1 quintet I'm just going to dull down
any redness now I like using this one
first it's a yellow gray toned concealer
and this is great for creating that even
starting ground for foundation for a
base today I'll be using the Mac prep
and prime BB cream in extra light this
product has an SPF of 35 and really
lightweight dewy finish applying that
all over my face using my Beauty Blender
using shades d1 w and D for mix together
I'm just going to apply that using my
concealer brush all over any areas that
are affected with blemishes breakout so
any redness that might be still showing
through the BB cream and I'm just going
to Pat that through my finger or even
using the Beauty Blender where I need it
to prime my eyes I'll be using the Mac
Pro Longwear Paint Pot in shade soft
ochre and I'm just going to apply this
all over the lid ease of my fingers
using the soap and glory archery pencil
in shade hot chocolate I'm just going to
fill in my brows just to thicken them
and also to define the shape to make
them a little bit nicer D 1 and D 4 and
just sharpen and carve them out before
setting them using the rimmel clear brow
gel time for the main attraction this is
the tarte showstopper palette I'm going
to start off with shade
you're a natural which is a beautiful
peachy brown shade and I'm just going to
apply this into the crease and start
sweeping that onto the lid going to
blend this out so it's nice and diffuse
next I'm going to move on to steal the
scene this is a gorgeous warm brownie
burgundy shade apply this into the outer
corner and also into the crease as well
I just want to deepen it up and make
sure that's diffused before adding it go
for the gold which is a beautiful kind
of dirty gold type shade and this one
I'm just going to sweep over the lid and
especially concentrated in that inner
corner as well
using a clean the fluffy blending brush
I just want to make sure that all the
outer edges are diffused and that
there's no kind of harsh edges on the
eyeshadow really moving on to champagne
pink which is this beautiful highlight
from the palette and just applying that
in the tear ducts area using the NYX
super skinny eye marker I'm just going
to apply a winglet so first of all I
draw a tail line which is up from where
my lower lashes and and then I fall back
onto myself using the eyeliner and then
I just fill it in slowly if you make a
mistake don't worry you can just use
your concealer and sharpen and neaten up
any edges or a mistakes that may have
happened but let's not talk about those
it never happened I wanted to try out a
new mascara so I have the NYX
balumptuous' mascara I've never used
this before and considering it only
wants to coat the same four eyelashes
and mascara I probably won't use it
again but I'm trying new things and we
have to try things to know that we don't
like them using the retoucher from
Charlotte Tilbury I'll be concealing my
under eye area I'm applying this to the
under eye nose Cupid's bow and chin and
then I'm just going to softly blend that
out using my Beauty Blender so I'm just
bouncing it just to blend that concealer
into my foundation you may have seen me
talking about this concealer in my top 5
concealers video if you haven't go and
watch that video and I will leave the
link below for you to do so to add some
brightness and light to the center of my
face I'll be using the L'Oreal Paris
Lumiere magic and I'm just applying this
to my under eyes nose chin and also my
Cupid's bow area and again I'm just
going to bounce to blend this out so the
two products that I've used on these
areas today are both very very sheer and
offer minimal amounts of coverage but
when you use them together they create
such a beautiful dewy vibrant look back
to the Tarte palette and I'm taking Park
Avenue princess which is this medium
brown bronzer and I'm just going to
apply this into the hollows of my cheeks
I'm also going to bring this up onto my
forehead as well this is just to add
some warmth to our face and get that
kind of summer glow it's so easy to do
you can use any kind of matte or semi
matte bronzer to do this but try and
avoid one that's got a lot of shimmer in
it for blusher I'll be using the famed
blusher from this palette which is this
beautiful kind of coral blusher and I'm
just going to apply this on to the
apples of my cheeks and then I blend
that out before taking champagne pink
which is this kind of gorgeous frosted
pink highlighter and I'm just going to
apply there onto the tops of my cheeks
my nose and you guessed it my Cupid's
bow let's finish off the look with some
lips using the Anastasia retro coral
liquid lipstick I'm going to really
create a bright fun summer lip if you
can't get your hands on this one maybe
try the Maybelline Color sensational in
shocking coral that's a really great
dupe and I think that one's only $6.99
finished by setting your face you can
use a powder or a spray to do this I'm
using the NYX matte finish spray and
here's the finished look my acne
coverage easy summer makeup
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this tutorial and if you've
tried the tarte showstopper palette
before then let me know your thoughts in
the comments because this was my very
first time using it and I would love to
hear your thoughts on this look and on
palette and everything else so please do
let me know in the comments below
of course if you like this video then
please don't forget to give it a huge
thumbs up because it really helps my
channel out and of course don't forget
to subscribe so you never miss a video
I'll see you guys soon bye
