hi guys and welcome back so today I
thought I'd do something a little bit
different one of the questions I get
asked on an almost daily basis and
actually probably multiple times a day
on Instagram or Twitter or YouTube just
everywhere really is what are my
favorite concealers concealers are
always what I feel like a personal
decision when you're makeup shopping
because they could be a concealer that
you love but your best friend hates or
they could be something that you hate
but everyone else seems to rave about
that is down to your skin type how you
like your makeup to look on your face
and what your overall goal is when
putting it on now I know that seems a
little bit complicated because we're
just talking about a concealer here but
each of those decisions will affect
which concealer that you want to wear
I'm a firm believer in applying a BB
cream or a very light foundation and
then going for a super high strength
concealer so you only get coverage where
you need it and the rest of your skin
looks like skin there are five
concealers that I like tried and tested
numerous times and those I want to talk
to you about today the first concealer
I'm going to talk to you guys about
today is the collection lasting
perfection concealer in shade number one
affair the main bracket Isis can see
that haven't popped up in quite a lot of
my videos I like this concealer because
it has great coverage I don't tend to
expect a lot from drugstore concealers I
haven't had acne and acne scarring and
really dodgy skin for like the past year
I feel like there were so many
opportunities that the drugstore is
missing out on especially here in the UK
that aren't that many great high
coverage concealers out there but this
is one of them it's very easy to blend
you can use your finger or you can use a
Beauty Blender and it blends out
perfectly into your foundation the last
in power is quite good on the concealer
and it does cover any
readiness that I do have my negatives on
this concealer is the shades range is
incredibly limited so if you've got
super light skin or super dark skin then
chances are you may struggle to find one
with this range the collection lasting
perfection concealer I would use all
that breakout areas and also in the
under eye area do swatch it in store and
do check it in three different types of
lighting before you buy it
concealer number two is the NARS radiant
creamy concealer now this concealer is a
lot more expensive than the collection
concealer I believe this one retails for
around twenty two pounds or so which
makes it fairly pricey considering that
the collection one is only four pounds
what I love about the NARS concealer is
that the lightest concealer is actually
fairly light and you can get a really
nice highlight out of it I personally
use this concealer under my eyes and in
the center of my face for where I want
to add brightness and bring those areas
forward sometimes it does have a
tendency to crease slightly under the
eyes as long as you set it properly be
it with a powder or using a Beauty
Blender and a setting spray you
shouldn't have any issues with it the
NARS concealer does to have a fairly
full coverage that you can build that up
or take that back down if you'd like to
share out your NARS radiant creamy
concealer then maybe try using a very
damp Beauty Blender just to feather that
out into your foundation or
alternatively just apply a small amount
and blend it out very well using a
concealer brush or using your foundation
brush my real negative on this one is
the price you had said to me around to
two years ago that I would be spending
at 22 pounds on a concealer I would have
laughed and said no way in hell would I
spend that much on a concealer having
tried it and tested and seen what's out
there on the market this is one of my
favorite ones concealer on my list is
one of my latest purchases and that is
the Charlotte Tilbury the retoucher this
one is a pan concealer now I'm not
usually a
of these concealers because they quite
share and I have a lot of problem areas
I expect my concealer to you know
conceal redness and to give me that
flawless look I'm after this concealer I
wouldn't recommend for breakout areas
but what I would recommend it for is
again in the under eye area that this
concealer is quite sheer and it does
have a beautiful dewy look to it so if
that is what you like and you don't want
anything that's too heavy then this one
it could well be that concealer for you
it's not a cheap concealer but it does
the job and it does have that beautiful
dewy look and that natural kind of skin
finish if you don't have any problem
areas then chances are that this
concealer kids just do all of your face
for you but I wouldn't use this one on
breakout I again would just use it on my
under eye area the next concealer on my
list is the derma color quintet palette
this isn't actually one concealer it's
five concealers in one the derma color
quintet is quite a new purchase for me I
picked this up from Charles Fox a couple
of weeks ago I have to say that it is
amazing
if flawless skin is what you're looking
for then this concealer palette is just
the one this is like the holy grail of
concealers possibly the most pigmented
concealer or foundation or skin coverage
that I have ever seen the reason that
derma color covers breakouts or
blemishes so well is because it's not
concealer derma color is a camouflage
cream and what that means is that it's
used by makeup artists all around the
world as a ways to cover tattoos as a
way to cover birthmarks or any kind of
facial disfigurement do mccullough is
kind of like the go-to product for that
one of the cons is the fact that it's an
oil-based product if you are avoiding
oil-based products then this one likely
isn't the one for you however because it
is an oil-based product it is incredibly
long-lasting on the skin
McCullough you may think is super
expensive but it's so cheap and that's
what surprised me the most about it and
you can even buy individual pans they
were about four pounds here in the UK
which makes it so affordable and even
cheaper than a lot of drugstore products
out there you know we're closest kryolan
stories or pro makeup artists or then it
is definitely worth checking it out and
trying the derma color range because
they literally have changed my life and
I know that you're probably thinking oh
she's getting paid to talk about this
honestly I'm not I'm not makeup artist
I'm a normal girl and I just had a bad
skin and I have tried so many products
but this one works like no other
I wouldn't recommend a product to you I
didn't believe in it or if it hasn't
worked for me so the final concealer I'm
going to be talking to you guys about
today is the mac studio finish concealer
now I have this concealer in a shade
nc15 and I will say that this one
depending on what time of year is it's
not always the right shade for my skin a
lot of the times it can be working
perfectly depending on where I apply it
and then other times it's a little bit
too orange for me all depends on
placement technique and what foundation
I'm using underneath so if you don't
want to go for something like the derma
color camouflage cream or you want
something that's a little bit easier to
get hold of or you just know your color
in Mac and only want to go Mac then this
one could well be the one for you it's a
high strength concealer it pairs really
well with a light foundation such as a
tinted moisturizer or a BB cream or
something that's just a little bit more
sheer I do like this concealer I just
wish it came slightly paler because
sometimes it's just not the right color
for me and then other times it is try it
before you buy to make sure if it's the
right one for you those are my five top
concealers at the moment now
unfortunately only one of them is
drugstore and I know that you guys love
when I use drugstore product however I
haven't found the perfect concealer on
the drugstore High Street Market just
yet and as soon as I find one you know
that I will switch to it in a heartbeat
I'd love to hear from you guys what
products you'd like me to do my next top
five and please do let me know in the
comment section below if you'd like me
to collab with someone and bring to lots
of top fives to the table then again let
me know in the comments who would you
like me to collab with and maybe we can
make that happen
maybe thank you so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video then please don't
forget to give it a huge thumbs up
because it really helps my channel out
and of course don't forget to subscribe
so you never miss a video I'll see you
guys soon bye
