hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I thought I'd do something a
little bit different and that is to talk
all things okay you may have noticed
that I've got new hair it's grown a
couple of inches so I thought I'd talk
to you guys about that today and tell
you all about my hair extension
experience I have a full set of pre
bonded extensions in my hair and I went
to the real hair salon in Chelsea which
is in London England
I had them fitted by the gorgeously
talented Chanel not I was incredibly
lucky to have Chanel doing my hair and
we fitted the most amazing of Beauty
works hair extensions into my hair when
I had my hair extensions done I could
have chosen between two different types
we went with the pre bonded extensions
which were all individually glued into
my hair and I had around 150 put into my
hair I always assumed that extensions
would take around eight or nine hours or
at least a full day but instead I turned
up with the salon at one o'clock and I
left it around half of six one thing
that I was worried about with these is
that they would matter at all or that I
would have some big clumps of like a
bird's nest in my hair or they don't get
stuck together and that hasn't happened
to one negative side I would say to pre
bond extensions or micro loops or any
kind of permanent base or semi-permanent
hair extension is that pet takes so much
longer to dry so if you're used to
having like 20 minutes to wash dry and
style your hair before it's gonna take a
lot longer so my hair now takes around
45 minutes with our wash dry style I
actually loved having my extensions
videos and I loved how they feel and
having make me feel I feel a lot more
confident for the workout and that makes
me feel good so that is always a good
thing now I'm gonna show you how I got
this summer ready hair style hope you
enjoy and I'll see you guys soon bye the
first thing I'm going to do is use my
Kerastase resistance heat activated
reconstructs in milk and I'm just
applying this into my hair before
brushing it through using my tangle
teezer next I'm just going to secure the
top part of my hair up and out of the
way to curl my hair I'm going to be
using the GHC curve
carolien iron and I'm just going to grab
the random section of hair near the
front and just curl it backwards over
the curling iron so I'm curling this
away from my hair and then I'm just
going to clamp it for five to eight
seconds before carefully taking the
curlers away and then I'm going to move
the curl onto its side and using just a
bobby pin or a Kirby grip I'm just going
to pin that curl down so that it cools
in that position and make sure that the
curl is big and bouncy next I'm going to
carry on doing the exact same thing
curl in the hair away from my face and
pin in it for the other side of my head
I'm going to curl again away from my
face and pin it in the exact same way
what I love about this hairstyle is even
if you're not the best at hair you can
do this so easily for the front section
I'm just going to curl the ends away
from my face just to add a little bit of
movement
I'm going to slowly start removing the
cows and you can see how big and bouncy
that kale is and that's just from
leaving it scroll down for around five
to ten minutes I'm just going to carry
on removing all of those curls from my
hair before I start to brush through
them just to break up those curls I
don't want them to be too structured so
I'm just going to gently separate them
using my fingers and then the front
sections I'm just going to pin backward
so this is kind of my statement
hairstyle
I love having my fringe sections away
from my face and pinned back next I'm
going to take a beautiful flower crown I
think this one is from accessorized if
you've got long fringed sections and
don't want them pinned back what you can
do is just tuck them behind the crown
and secure that with a bobby pin to hide
it and here's the finished look my super
quick and easy summer floral hair
so thank you so much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed this review and
tutorial and I'd love to hear what
outfit you'd wear with this hairstyle so
please do let me know in a comment
section below
because I really look forward so it's in
your comments and we turn all your
replies thank you so much for watching
if you like this video then please don't
forget to give it a huge thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe never miss a
video I'll see you guys soon bye
