hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this quick and easy drugstore
makeup look to prime my skin I'm going
to be using the L'Oreal Paris infallible
mattifying primer bought this primer for
the first time last week and it actually
does mattify my skin and it hasn't
broken me out Ã©va full foundation today
I'm going to mix two drugstore
foundations together first is the
L'Oreal True Match in shade ivory rose
this is a pink toned foundation and the
second is the Bourjois healthy mix
foundation in shade 51 which is vanilla
I will say if you are super pale and
paler than me these two foundations
together will likely be too dark for you
I'm just going to apply a pump of each
onto my hand I'm going to mix them
together using my Real Techniques
buffing brush I'm just going to apply it
in downward strokes
for concealer I'm going to be using the
l'oreal paris anti fatigue illuminating
concealer i'm just applying this over
the areas where my scarring is most
prominent I'm just going to Pat that in
using my fingers to add some warmth to
my skin I'm going to be using the
bourgeois chocolate bronzer I'm just
going in to the hollows of my cheeks and
just add in some of that powder to the
temple and my jaw line a blush I'm going
to be using the sleek rose gold blusher
and I'm just going to apply a small
amount to the apples of my cheeks to set
my base instead of using powder I'm
actually going to be used in the NYX
matte finish setting spray and what I
find has been working for me massively
has been to take my setting spray and to
just spray it onto a Real Techniques
brush or a Beauty Blender or some type
of sponge and to just Pat that then into
my skin and I find that by doing it this
way I'm not adding lots of powder to my
skin and it is set in it and my makeup
is seriously lasting like all day to
fill in my brows I'm going to be using
the soap & Glory archery pencil
I'm just going to brush back through
them to soften them with our brows done
let's move on to our eyes shadow going
to be using the L'Oreal Paris color
riche eyeshadow in shade 205 and I'm
just going to take a generic flat
shading brush and I'm going to pack that
onto the lid I'm going to take a large
blending brush and just soften those
edges to add some depth to the outer
corners of my eyes I'm going to take
some of the bourgeois chocolate bronzer
and just blend that out I'm also going
to take that shimmering gold under the
eyes and I'm going to shade out the
outer corner using that bronzer again
for my eyeliner I'm going to be using
the bourgeois liner stylo in black going
to apply that just along my lower lash
line on the outer corner of my eye I'm
going to blend that out softly i'm going
to tightline my eyes using the bourgeois
eyeliner isn't that same small pencil
brush I'm just going to softly smudge
the eyeliner if you want you can smudge
it out slightly into a winged shape next
I'm going to curl my lashes for mascara
I'm going to be using the Maybelline
lash sensational mascara today and I'm
just going to apply that to my lower
lashes as well to add a little bit more
drama to my eyes I'm going to take a
pair of drugstore lashes these are the
Katy Perry eye lower lashes it's going
to cut 1/3 of them off from the front
section and I'm going to wear these just
on the outer edges of my eye I'm just
going to curl my lashes so make sure
they're fused together
I'm going to take the touch my cheek
concealer that we used earlier and I'm
just going to apply that under my eyes
using my fingers I'm just going to Pat
that in
to add some brightness to my face I'm
going to be using the l'oreal lumi magic
highlighting pen i'm just going to apply
that again under my eyes also going to
add this onto my nose and between my
eyebrows and again i'm just going to Pat
that in i'm also going to bring this in
towards my nose going to Pat that in
just above my forehead and feather that
out using my buffing brush to add a
little bit more depth I'm going to go
back in with the Bourjois eyeliner and
then I'm just going to smudge out a
little bit more of that bronzing powder
just to smooth the join between the
concealer and the eyeshadow for my lips
I'm going to be using the Maybelline
Color sensational lipstick in shades
tantalizing taupe and I'm just going to
apply this straight from the bullet
finally to add a shimmering highlight to
my cheekbones I'm going to be taking
shade platinum from the sleek
highlighting palette and I'm just going
to apply that using my fingers just
along the tops of my cheeks and here's
the finished look my quick and easy
drugstore glam makeup tutorial thank you
so much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this tutorial as always I love
to hear from you any suggestions on
future looks you'd like to see me try
so please do leave those in the comment
section below I will leave all the
project information in the description
box so if you did like something you can
go out and grab it if that's what you
know that's what you're feeling don't
forget to like this video and give it a
big thumbs up if it is working for you
and of course don't forget to subscribe
so you never miss a video I'll see you
guys soon bye
