hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this acne coverage no makeup
makeup look
I love the no makeup look I think it's
beautiful and honestly if I had flawless
skin I would just flaunt it and I would
go out with hardly any makeup on like
all day long unfortunately I don't and
like many of you guys out there we all
want to look like we have flawless skin
and we want to look like we have no
products on our skin so today I'm going
to be showing you how I achieved this
look and yeah I hope you enjoy it and
I'll see you guys soon bye I'm going to
apply my moisturizer today I'm going to
be using the DSM and moisturizing
character cream I'm just going to take a
pea-sized amount work it between my
fingertips and just rub that straight
onto my skin I'm going to prime my skin
using my pixi by petra Paulus and
flawless pore minimizing skin primer I
came in for a no makeup makeup look
today with the skin so I'm going to use
a product which has a very small amount
of coverage today I'm going to be using
the pixi by petra h2o skin tone this
pixie h2o skin tint is a tinted base gel
that's water-based it has a very sheer
coverage which means that you can apply
it where you need it or you can build it
up in layers where you want it a little
bit more I'm going to be using my pixie
full coverage foundation brush to apply
though you will still see the breakouts
and blemishes through this skin tint
face gel do not worry about that we will
fix those afterwards and now you can see
that it does give a natural glow to it
it makes my skin quite dewy which I love
the finished effect to conceal my
blemishes I'm going
to be using the Bourjois healthy mix
concealer I find that if I use a small
amount and I blend it out gradually and
slowly it doesn't look too dark on my
skin I'm just taking a small amount on a
concealer brush and now I'm going to go
in and spot correct those areas now that
I've applied my concealer I'm just going
to gently blend that out using my crown
at sea for for one deluxe blending brush
then I'm going to mix it up a little and
I'm going to try it the 17 state I'm
concealer and I'm just going to apply
that on the most prominent areas
I'm also going to use that same 17
concealer underneath my eyes and I'm
just going to Pat that in using my
fingers to add a touch of brightness
under my eyes I'm going to be using the
l'oreal lumi magic highlighting pen i'm
going to apply this just underneath
where we applied our concealer onto my
nose my forehead keep it on my chin
going to softly blend this out using my
crown c-44 one brush going to set that
using my Antipodes ship brightening
translucent mineral powder so I'm just
going to tap some out into the lid I
sniff it it doesn't make a sense buy
that under the eyes set that concealer
I'm going to swap to a bigger brush and
just apply it in areas where it's needed
to warm up my skin slightly I'm going to
be applying a matte bronzing powder
today I'm going to be using the benefit
hoola bronzer I'm just going to use the
brush that this comes with and just
sweep a very small amount onto the outer
three of my face so I'm just applying it
sideways using the brush and then to
blend it out and just turn in the brush
and running that back and forth just
going to apply a very small amount down
the sides of my nose and I'm going to
use my current absolute must-have
blusher which is the Max Factor cream
puff blush in shade lovely pink I'm
using my Real Techniques blush brush to
apply this I want to keep my brows as
natural as possible today so instead of
using my all-time favorite Anastasio dip
brow I'm going to be reaching for the
Anastasia brow kit and I'm actually
going to be using a powder today to make
sure that my brows are looking at
natural as possible I'm just going to
brush up through my brows to fill in my
brows I'm going to be using the medium
brown brow powder from Anastasia Beverly
Hills I'm going to set my brows using my
Anastasio clear brow gel you can use any
kind of clear mascara to do this I used
to use the collection Player mascara but
I have this one so I'm going to use this
one for my eyes I just want to even out
my lid so I'm going to be using the Mac
Paint Pot in soft ochre it's going to
apply this with my finger to just add a
little bit more depth I'm going to apply
the Mac Paint Pot in shade painterly
just in the crease area now this isn't
going to add a great deal of color or
depth because I want it to look natural
so I just want to mix it up and a
slightly more pink toned base product
there to brighten up my eyes I'm going
to be using the NYX pencil and I'm just
going to apply this in the waterline
next I'm going to curl my lashes for
mascara you can either add a brown
mascara and keep it really natural or
you can add a black mascara and just add
a little bit more depth to your eyes
whichever one you use is completely up
to you today I'm going to be using the
I'm going to use
I'm going to go for the brown mascara
today just to do something a little bit
different this is the collection of
color lash in brown now you can use any
brand mascara this is just the only one
I have so I'm going to use this today
I'm going to apply a very small amount
to my lower lashes two for the lips
there's two options you can go with
today you can apply a my lips but better
style lipstick or you can just apply a
tinted lip balm I'm just wiping any
foundation off my lips I'm going to
apply a my lips but better shaded
lipstick and that is the Bourjois Rouge
Edition lipstick for 12 hours variety in
shade number 31 beige shootin I'm just
going to apply this straight from the
bullet in the center of my lips I'm just
going to use my finger to blend that out
there's my lips feel quite dry today I'm
just going to apply a tinted lip balm
over the top today I'm going to be using
the body shops tinted lip balm and this
is the born lippy pink berry lip balm
and here's the finished look my acne
coverage snow makeup makeup
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this tutorial and you
know what I really liked the no makeup
makeup look it is one of my hands-down
one of my top 5 makeup looks of all time
I'm not talking about this one I'm
talking about you know on everyone as a
whole
it is one of my favorite makeup looks um
let me know what are your favorite
makeup looks in the comments and maybe I
can try and do one for you sometime and
if you like this video then please don't
forget to give it a huge thumbs up
because it really helps my channel out
and of course don't forget to subscribe
I'll see you guys soon bye
