hi guys and welcome back so today I am
going to be talking you through my March
favorites are a few things I fell in
love with this month and those I'm going
to talk to you about today let's start
off with makeup and there are a few
makeup favorites I have this month the
first one is an old favorite that I have
rediscovered and that is the Mac prep
and prime BB cream in extra light I used
to use this BB cream last year in the
summer and if you've seen my very first
youtube video you would see how much
clearer on my skin is back then what
I've been trying to do over the past two
months or so since my Anthony has got
really bad was to go back and revisit
all the products that I was using last
year and this is one of them I love how
do it is but also how you can build it
up to a medium coverage if you need to
and I also love that skin looks like
skin when you're wearing it which means
that if you do have breakouts like I
have or if you've got less breakouts or
more recaps for me you can still wear it
you just need to team it with a high
coverage concealer and what this means
is that you're not going to get cakey
looking skin they'll get skin where you
want it but then also get coverage where
you want it using the maestro concealer
so this is a definite must-have for me
at the moment the next favorite now I
shouldn't really be calling it a
favorite yet because I really use it a
lot of times but I have fallen rapidly
in love with the Mac Paint Pot in soft
ochre now I appears about Mac Paint Pots
for years I've never actually tried one
I've seen so many makeup gurus and
makeup artists and people on the
Internet so many people have been raving
about this Paint Pots but I've never
actually got around to buying one
and tell now I bought this Mac Paint Pot
last weekend and it we just dropped my
mother off at Paddington Station in
London and we're in a taxi back when we
pulled up outside Kings Cross and I
actually made the cab Paulo but because
I knew Mac was closing in Kings Cross
station in 15 minutes
and I really wanted to buy a couple of
things and this was one of them so I've
had it for a week and I have worn it
every single day since I've had it and I
am in love with it I think it's the
perfect shade if you've got a yellow
toned skin if your pink tones then try
Mac Paint Pot in painterly I've yet to
use that one so I'll let you know what I
think about that one but me I love it
prepping my eyes which it's definitely a
new favorite at home my next makeup
favorite is the Max Factor cream puff
blush in lovely pink I was in Boots a
couple of weeks ago and I needs to pick
up a few bits and I saw that they had
the three to one so I thought oh maybe
I'll try one of these so I picked this
one up and it really is a gorgeous kind
of soft natural pimp and if you've got
pale skin this one is definitely a
must-have because I love just how sheer
it goes on and how it looks incredibly
natural easy it is to apply and how easy
it is to wear and it just looks I love
this lush new favorite blush prepare to
see it in every video from now on
my next favorite makeup item is the Mac
Cinderella reflects pearl pigment
glitter unfortunately the day the max
and Arella
collection got released in the UK I
wasn't actually in front of my computer
I was at an advertising training course
for my job and I couldn't actually get
said computer to the internet purchase
in time
for me my ever patients boyfriend was
poised and ready at work he managed to
pick me up a couple of items in work and
this was one of them now I will say that
even though it's a glitter pigment it is
not a safe when I first got it I was
like what the hell am I gonna do with
this because it's not my safe and then I
thought about it and I thought I am an
adult I know the rules I do not have to
listen to them so for a minute on my
eyes I will say it says in the teasing
cities that it is not I safe to do there
that in mind I think it looks beautiful
I'm yet to try it as a lip gloss or as
any of a medium but how it looks on the
eye I just think it looks beautiful in
the center of a halo I see for me new
favorite and I cannot wait to experiment
with loads of this and other ways where
it is I've got one hair favorite this
month and that is the invisi bubble so I
bought these from Amazon and you get
three of them and they look like this
why I like the invisible walls is
because it doesn't leave a kink in your
hair there is absolutely nothing worse
than putting your hang it up and then
taking it out and having that horrendous
line in the back of your head it does
leave a slight kind of wave in your hair
when you take it out but it is nothing
near the kink that you get in your hair
when you tie it up with a normal elastic
but I really like this I'm hoping it's
gonna do some benefit to my hair and
three four five pounds quite pricy right
pricey I will probably lose them all by
this time next month but I'm gonna give
it a shot anyway our next favorite I'm
going to categorize as art birds I mean
like I'm not a stationery girl but I
have recently fallen in love with
notepad
and that as I have got older I have
appreciated a good notepad so I picked
these up from TK Maxx which is TJ Maxx
and mistake and these were $4.99 each so
they just be awesome notepad it has a
violence just be awesome on the front
it's got really nice blue polka dot I
know and it's got some really nice gold
it's just gold pages we've got white and
girls pages and then so this one is
awesome it
it was $4.99 absolutely no idea what I'm
going to write in this one yet and my
other one that I picked up was this one
and this one says today is my greatest
adventure now this is what I call my
youtube notebook so if I learn anything
new about YouTube or anything cool or
anything like that this is my kind of
youtube go to buy or I've been going to
the YouTube office and on down quite a
bit recently and anything that I've been
learning there I have been jotting down
in this notepad so this is just oh well
I say fall I've written about six pages
basically I've just about things about
YouTube and I absolutely love them so
what today is my greatest adventure and
just my final favorite thing I've been
loving this month is manuka honey now
I'm not really a big honey fan I don't
drink tea so I don't really have lemon
and honey tea and I don't have it on
toast because I don't really eat bread
so I don't really have that many
opportunities to eat honey
but manuka honey I have started using on
my skin
now I will say manuka honey is
thin expensive it is like ridiculously
expensive it does not need to be that
expensive so a jar this size I think
this job is about 25 pounds and this is
a 15 ta number now I will be honest I
don't exactly remember every single
thing about why 15 is better than five
but I know that the higher the number
the better um but this I will scoop a
small amount out and I'll put it in a
very on a very clean saucer than using a
cotton pad I will place it onto my
breakout areas and I do notice the
redness going down after a doctor you
notice the redness going down after a
couple of days now it's not obviously
scientifically proven that it helps but
manuka honey is essentially I'm pretty
sure the please feed on tea tree and
that's why it's so good for skin I could
be talking absolute right now
but I'm pretty sure that is why it's
good I love it have it in water have it
on my face love it firm favorite I just
wish it wasn't so I've been expensive so
that is it those are all the things that
I've been loving this March I hope any
of that was remotely interesting at all
for you yeah I'd love to hear what
things you've been loving this March and
if there's anything that you think I
should be trying please do let me know
in the comments below because I love
hearing what suggestions you think let
me know what you what other things you'd
like me to include in my favorites
categories if you're meeting new
restaurants or days out or anything just
let me know I'll make these videos for
you guys so I want to get your input and
your thoughts into them thank you so
much for watching and of course if you
like this video please don't forget to
give it a big thumbs up because it
really helps my channel out and don't
forget to subscribe so you never miss a
video
I'll see you guys soon I
