hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this graphic liner and dark nude
lip combo now I had absolutely no idea
what I was going to film for you until I
started wearing makeup on my face and we
kind of ended up here thank you so much
to everyone on Instagram and YouTube
over the past week for all the support
it's been so unbelievable I really hope
you enjoy this tutorial and I'll see you
guys soon bye full foundation I'm going
to be using the Mac prep and prime BB
cream in extra light I'm also going to
add in a drop of the Mac mineralized
foundation in MC 15 this foundation on
its own is too dark for me but I like
the finish that it gives so I just want
to take a tiny bit of that and mix it in
I'm just doing this in circular motions
just to carefully buff it into my skin
cover my breakouts I'm going to be using
the collection lasting perfection
concealer in shade one which is fair I'm
just going to dab that on to the areas
where I have redness or breakouts if you
have active breakouts or anything that's
weeping and you want to cover it then
don't use the brush use a cotton bud to
apply it onto the palm of your hand and
then use a cotton buds and apply it to
make sure that your brush stays clear
I'm just going to tap that concealer in
just to make sure all the concealer is
blended out I'm just going to go over
with my buffing brush to conceal under
my eyes and cover up any dark circles
and to add some brightness to the center
of my face I'm going to be using the
NARS radiant creamy concealer in shade
light one shortly
I'm just going to Pat that in using my
fingers
to make sure that's blended I'm just
going to use my buffing brush to set my
concealer I'm going to be using the
bourgeois silk edition powder in shade
51 porcelain I'm just gently using a
very tiny amount and it might look like
I'm applying Lots but there is barely
anything on this brush and this is a
clean brush to contour I'm going to be
using the NYX taupe blusher just going
to bring that down the side of my nose
moves across my forehead and then I'm
going to take my powder brush to blend
that out for my blusher I'm going to be
using a mineral blush from my makeup
revolution
sugar and spice palette to highlight I'm
going to be using the bomb's mary-lou
manizer I can't actually find my
highlight brush so I'm just going to use
this in ECAP blusher brush to just apply
it because just on the tops of my cheeks
down the bridge of my nose to prime my
eyes and to act as a base I'm going to
be using the Mac Paint Pot in shade soft
polka
next I'm going to be filling in my brows
using my all-time favorite Anastacio dip
brow pomade and this is in the shade
taupe in the crease I'm going to be
taking a very very small amount of the
illamasqua vulgar eyeshadow
using the same brush I'm going to take
the Knicks true taupe eyeshadow and I'm
going to concentrate this in directly in
the crease and on the outer V
to add a little bit more definition to
my lashline I'm going to be using the
bourgeois waterproof clubbin eyeliner
and this is in shade up and brown
I'm also going to tightline my lashes
using that same eyeliner using my
collection extreme at 24-hour felt liner
I'm just going to add a wing over the
top of that smoked out liner
now that our eyeliner is done I'm going
to take a small amount of the soft ochre
Paint Pot on a angled liner brush and
I'm just going to line my legs just on
top of that graphic liner just to make
sure that it is all perfectly sharp I'm
going to take a small amount of the balm
and mary loumanizer
just highlight under my brow bone next
I'm going to just apply my lashes these
are their ardell demi whispies lashes in
black I'm just gonna push back on this
just to make sure that they're fused I'm
going to add a single coat of the Urban
Decay perversion mascara
it's time for final touch-ups a small
amount of the NARS concealer under my
eyes I'm going to be using the crown
brush C four-for-one deluxe blending
crease which is very similar to a Mac
two one seven eyeshadow brush
if any of your breakouts are still
visible also you can just pop a small
amount of the collection concealer on
and also buff that out using the same
brush
I'm going to line my lips using the Mac
well lipliner
I'm going to take the Mac velvet teddy
lipstick and I'm going to apply it
straight from the bullet
to finish the lips I'm going to apply
the Maybelline a tantalizing taupe
lipstick
finally it does sack to my face I'm
going to be using the NYX matte finish
setting spray and here's the finished
look my balls graphic liner with a dark
nude lip so thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
tutorial I'll leave all the product info
in the description box below and if you
enjoyed this video please don't forget
to give it a huge thumbs up and of
course don't forget to subscribe and
I'll see you guys soon bye
