hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this acne coverage 5 minute makeup
routine this look is perfect if you're
in a rush or only have five minutes on
the train or on the bus to do your
makeup I hope you enjoy and I'll see you
guys soon bye for foundation I'm going
to be using the Mac prep and prime extra
light BB cream I'm going to apply my BB
cream using my Nancy buffing brush and
I'm just going to buff that into my skin
as my skin is clearing up I am moving on
to lighter foundations and Phoebe creams
and faces because I find that when my
skin is good
I obviously don't need as much coverage
so I wrap on my skin looked like skin
then look like foundation to cover my
breakouts I'm going to be using the last
imperfection consumer in shade fair I'm
just going to apply this on my breakouts
I'm going to move the under-eye area
clean
and I'm just gonna tap that in
I'm just going to finish that off using
my buffing brush just to make sure it's
all blended to brighten up my under eye
area and also conceal any dark circles
I'm going to be using the NARS radiant
creamy concealer in the shade Chantilly
I'm just going to top that there are my
nose oh my cute it's very much in burnt
also my forehead so we're just
concentrating the brightening concealer
just in the center of the face
once again I'm just going to blend that
out using my buffing brush just to make
sure it's all seamless to take the edge
of the shine I'm going to be using the
BEM 9 neutral set colorless powder I'm
going to start from the center of my
face and work outwards and I'm going to
switch to a smaller brush to just make
sure my under eye concealer is set now
that our base is done I'm going to be
adding a little bit of extra warmth to
my face to do that I'm going to be using
the bourgeois chocolate bronzer in shade
52 in an upward motion I'm just going to
apply that to the hollows of my cheeks
for a nice rosy glow I'm going to be
using the slick rose gold blusher to
highlight I'm going to be using the
bombs maybe lou manizer highlighter
you're also on tickle my nose bridge and
the Cupid's bow for my brows I'm going
to be using the understand singer
beverly hills dipbrow pomade in shade
taupe
monoamine and brush I don't have time
for lots of eyeshadow so for me the
crease color is the most important today
I'm going to be using that NYX true
taupe eyeshadow and I'm just going to
apply that in the crease and I'm just
going to go back and forth just to
soften it and blend it out I'm just
going to bring that on my lower lash
line as well if you feel like you've got
extra time then you can add a highlight
shade or you can add another shade onto
your lid so today I'm going to be using
the NYX cottage-cheese jumbo eye pencil
so this has like the worst name ever for
an eyeshadow but I really like the color
so I'm going to be using that just
applying it into the tear duct area just
as a little highlight I'm also going to
apply it into over the lids as well
concentrating on the center and I'm
going to blend that out with my finger
that's our eye shadow darkness so now
I'm going to apply a single coat of the
wire Sal shocking mascara I find this
mascara is really good when you're in a
rush because the brush picks up so many
lashes and you don't have to build it up
loads so for me this is really good rush
times I'm going to keep this look really
low five so for the lips I'm going to be
using the mimimi lightening up lip gloss
but this is in shade 13 lustral that me
me me light me up lipgloss is perfect if
you're in a rush because it even comes
with them they're out on the side so if
you're walking down the street get in
the bus get in the car whatever you are
sort is because it has a mirror to go
with it so you can even do it on your
way and here's the finished look my acne
coverage 5 minute makeup that's perfect
of
skin thank you so much for watching and
if you enjoyed this tutorial don't
forget to give it a big thumbs up and if
you've got any suggestions for future
looks you'd like to see me try it please
do let me know in the comment section
below because I do read your comment and
I do like to hear your suggestions
because I'll make these videos for you
um thank you so much and of course don't
forget to give it a big thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you guys soon hi
you
