hi guys and welcome back so I've
realized that i've never actually filmed
a favorites video before and I thought
that is just not good enough so today
I'm going to be talking you through my
februari favorites but this is also
going to be my january december november
blah blah blah it's just going to be my
februari and everything that I think I
liked long enough before that to put
into my very favorites so one of the
first things I'm going to talk about
today but it's a product that I used to
use all the time but I haven't used for
quite a while and that is Nivea cream
this stuff sells for about a pound I
think this one I paid one pound 97 for
or something ridiculously precise like
that and the reason that it's one of my
favorites at the moment is because this
does not break me out Nivea cream for me
is an absolute lifesaver although it
does make my skin slightly oily I find
that since I've switched to it from
higher end brands my skin has plastic
Lee improved and I don't know what it is
about Nivea cream that works well for me
it does you know is so thick and there
is nothing new about it but sometimes
the simplest things are the best and my
skin seems to be reacting quite well to
it which is always a good thing so I'm
going to keep on using bits so for me
Nivea cream is definite favorite at the
moment when the mostest of trying to
repair my skin I have acne is you guys
know and I'm trying to combat that I'm
trying to get rid of it I thought it
would be a really good exercise and a
really good idea to have a look back at
what products I was used in last year
and see if I can reintroduce those into
my daily life and see if they make any
difference at all to my skin
vitalii or unsurprisingly they have
actually made difference so this scrub
is the only essential smoothing face
scrub for normal to dry skin at the
moment my skin is reacting so much
better 25 pounds worth of drugstore
products then it dudes too when I was
used in a three and Japan skincare range
so for my skin the moment price is
irrelevant because it doesn't matter if
you have a really high-end skin product
because if it's not working for you and
a 2 pounds product is get the two pounds
product that is what I've lived that is
why olay is now also in my favorites as
well terms of makeup favorites I've
really been liking the knicks studio HD
photogenic foundation this one is in
shade nude which is 0-1 this is quite a
funny foundation because I found that
when I first started using it was quite
pale as I got more towards the bottom it
started getting darker but made me
realize that I probably should have
shaken it from the first time I bought
it and does it say shake well doesn't
say shake Bob and so I think that this
may be a little bit of pigment stuck at
the awesome I might be digging out and
so I'm gonna have to retire this one
soon the other thing i find this one is
although i do really really like it find
that you get through the bottle really
quickly I don't know why I seem to have
powered through this foundation I really
like it I really like the finish I've
used it in a couple of videos now and to
me it is a really nice foundation I just
don't get why it's getting darker
towards the bottom but whatever i'm
going to keep using it it's nice i'm
going to order another one and hopefully
it will arrive soon so that's my
foundation favorite currently my next
beauty favorite is the benefit roller
lash mascara I had no idea I would love
this mascara so much
thing about the wand on this it's kind
of curved um and it's just a really
great mascara you actually do feel it
pulling that your lashes you do feel it
lifting up and you do actually notice
different I find that my lashes do
looking very long they do have a little
bit of volume but not as much as you get
on the bourgeois volume luxe clubbing
mascara for example but they aren't
elongated and they are long and then do
hold a curl which is one of the most
important things that you can look for
in a mascara so this one is definitely a
favorite and it's really easy to take
off as well which is always a good thing
because i don't like tugging at my
lashes but this one works wonders for me
so the benefit roller lash is definitely
a favorite for me this month the next to
make up products that I've been loving
are the bourgeois color band I shadows i
received a bunch of these bourgeois
holoband I shadows from bushwa I think I
have a couple of weeks before they came
out and it might have just sat in my
drawers on board come on um I didn't
actually use them and then one day I
wanted to do my makeup I wanted to do
something new because I always seemed to
be using the same products all the time
so I go out to the move one at these
pencils and I was like oh my God why
have I not been touched these before and
I just really really like them I like
how smooth they apply I like how you can
blend them out with your finger or you
can blend them out with a brush and they
just look so seamless they have really
nice colors in the range and I just find
that they are perfect everyday looks and
every day if you just want to make
something up or try something new I
think they're so affordable so easy to
use and they are definitely one of my
new favorites I will say that the
lighter ones so something like this one
which is beige minimalist the color
isn't as strong and it doesn't show up
so much on your skin as if you had you
know the darker brown or the gray so do
be that in mind
maybe try a primer underneath it and you
might get better results but that's
probably due to how close it is to your
skin tone otherwise really really loving
them final makeup product that i've been
loving this month is the ben nye neutral
set colorless powder so i bought this
from the makeup guru Emporium or the
guru makers emporium me and i really
wanted to get the banana powder because
i don't really know apart from i've seen
it on everybody face on the internet and
i wanted to try it so far all go in
there and i'll get it but they didn't
have it then he had the neutral set and
i have been looking for a new power de
recently because the last one I tried
did break me out because my skin hates
everything and this one I haven't had
any issues with one thing that I would
say with this one is be careful on how
much you use because I find it it can
look a little bit cakey just under the
eyes and across the bridge of the nose
so do bear in mind that a little bit of
this powder does go a long way and do
try not to over powder because you will
see the layers building up and it will
start to look a little bit kinky but
otherwise at five pounds fifty for a
giant pot powder it is so cheap and
really good powder it's a really good
pro powder and it is definitely one of
my everyday ways right now that is it
for my very first favorites video and
that it's also it for my februari
favorites video I really hope I didn't
just ramble for about 20 minutes and
some of this was remotely useful at all
it probably wasn't but I really hope
that it was if you like this type of
video then please do let me know in the
comments let me know what you'd like to
see me include in my favourites videos
so i can make sure that I don't miss
anything out for you next time and thank
you so much for watching and of course
don't forget to give it a big thumbs up
and don't forget to subscribe bye guys
you
