a little bit of an accident with the
purple shampoo in case you're wondering
what the purple hair is all about hi
guys so I got caught up laughing at my
fear hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to show you how to do
this quick and easy everyday makeup look
for pale skin so it's so easy to do it's
mainly drugstore but you can use
higher-end products where you see fit I
find that I wear it almost every day at
the moment it's so suitable for work for
going out with your friends for shopping
on the weekend it is my go-to makeup
look right now and I just can't stop
wearing it at the moment
so I hope you enjoy I as you can see I
do have a bit of acne going on at the
moment I am working to try and combat
that I'll show you how I cover it and
how I cover it without looking too cakey
I'm going to be using the NARS sheer
glow foundation if you've at this point
if you've got too much product on your
face that's okay you can shift it around
next I'm going to apply my NARS radiant
creamy concealer and this is in shade
ch√¢telet I'm just going to bring this
under the eye
okay
my acne areas I don't want to use the
Tim so I'm just going to dispense a
small amount onto my hand and then I'm
going to use a cotton bud I'm just going
to tap that in gently
I'm tapping it and I'm making sure not
to drag it because I don't want to move
it around a lot to keep it in the area
that I placed it if you have unused a
Beautyblender then you can do this step
using a Beauty Blender but I just want
to use I think I like to make sure when
contouring I just concentrate on this
area here if I suck in my cheeks you
could say oh I'm going to use the brand
new Real Techniques contour brush and
and also the NYX
taupe
I'm just going to take a little bit of
the boys without chocolate bronzer and
then just blend that out to add a little
bit of water
the other kind of peachy pinky Worf to
my cheeks I'm going to be using a
mineral blush today this is the kanika
mineral blush in peachy-keen
and to get that kind of rosy Disney glow
I'm just going to dab a little bit onto
my nose but don't dab too much because
then our boys you look like fart
Christmas yeah that's not good highlight
I'm going to be using the mimimi beat
the Blues in pale pink I find that when
I use a brush to apply this iPhones are
getting more of an even application and
you can use your fingertips I'm probably
being really weird using a brush to do
this but I quite like to do it this way
so just go with me on this
so now that we've done our base let's
move on to our brow of course I'm going
to be using the anastasia beverly hills
dipbrow pomade and this one is in medium
brown a little bit of this product
really does go a long way I feel like
I'm so deep in concentration right now I
want to get to the inner corner of the
eyebrows I just like to just go
backwards and up and down
I'll never add more product to my brush
to do the inner corners because I find
that these bits can look really
unnatural so if you have two different
colors and you can feel free to go in
with the lighter one but I like to just
slowly drag it over and then just leave
it kind of half half done just
feathering it up so now we've done our
brows let's move on through our eyes for
the base eyeshadow I'm going to be using
the makeup revolution Redemption palette
and this is in essential matte - I guess
if you have the Naked basics or the
maked basics - then you could use either
of those talents I'm going to take the
lightest two shades I'm going to
alternate between them
let's go Tok we're going to use a tote
eyeshadow in the crease
I'm just going to go in with a little
bit more on the brush and I'm going to
pinpoint it into the crease on the outer
corner
I like to wear something with a little
bit of shimmer on for the eyes on this
look so I'm going to use the makeup
revolution Redemption palette iconic 3
I'm going to use a mixture of this gold
here and the lighter pink cap
I'm just going to take a little bit more
of that taupe and I'm just going to use
that to blend it out
I like to use the news end of the big
eyes liner in my bottom waterline and
then I'll use the black end in the top
waterline just so it opens up the eye on
the top and on the bottom but I'm doing
my top lashes I'm just trying to kind of
almost draw in between the lashes to
really keep it close to the lid our
eyeliner is done let's curl our lashes
and onto mascara for mascara I'm going
to use a mini wire cell shocking mascara
this too much perfume in this mascara
I'm not going to add lashes to this look
because it's an everyday look and I
would never usually wear lashes for an
everyday occasion even unless there was
some seriously good event I was going to
but it would need to be awesome for me
to wear lashes during the day I'm going
to clean up and just apply a little bit
extra concealer under my eyes and then
we'll move on to the lips
for the lips I'm going to use the sex
the soap and glory sexy mother pucker
gloss crayons so these ones are so easy
to hear as they just like the rest but
just get a roll that on the left oh it's
like a really nice baby pink sort of
color isn't it
and then I'm going to take Rapunzel just
in the inner area just to darken it up
slightly
so thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this video and um yeah if
you know how to get rid of purple from
your hair feel free to let me know in
the comment thank you so much for
watching please don't forget to give it
a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it and of
course don't forget to subscribe bye
guys
