hi everyone I'm back and I fought today
because I haven't done a video in like
two months
I would ease myself into it and I
thought I'd do attack video now I
haven't made a video in like two months
and I'm really sorry I never planned for
that to happen I films like three videos
in one day and then I started editing
them and I was like this is the worst
video ever and I just hated it and you
know when you just film a video and you
think oh this is gonna be a really good
one and then you get to edit it then
it's just terrible and I just hated
everything about it so I didn't upload
it and then I got really busy and work
and I just didn't have any chance I
wasn't meant to film videos over
Christmas and I really wanted to you
know have something a bit more on my
channel but that happened so I am back
it is 2015 and I am here and I am gonna
really try my hardest to put more effort
into YouTube this year because I like
making videos and I really feel like I
enjoy it you know I don't even have a
reason I enjoy it I think I enjoy it
anyway when they go right I enjoy it
otherwise I don't enjoy it but this is
my New Year's resolution is to make more
videos to have more fun and to just
spend more time enjoying myself I am
going to do Victoria from in the fros
tag and it is called a few of my
favourite things
the rules are 20 categories three
favorite things in under three minutes
you can cut and edit it to get under
three minutes you can talk at the
beginning and at the end the main vault
has to be in three minutes
well that was a mouthful now I haven't
actually faltered these things in
advance because so I have a fault of the
answers to the questions in advance
because that would just be stupid and
just ruin the whole frickin point of the
video so haven't done that well what
that does mean is because I haven't done
that you're gonna have like an F ton of
me going yeah because I don't know what
I'm gonna say so let's find out shall we
I'm excited products I Pro product
foundation laptop foods sweet potatoes
medjool dates black beans places bad
bara market video game are carriers
things you'd miss phone dog partner
things you do when you're bored Twitter
reddit Instagram feel as you do when
it's sunny Hyde Sun cream we're black
why do I wear black when it's me that
doesn't even make sense
films saving mr. banks an affair to
remember Schindler's List yes
songs I'm just going to say Taylor Swift
shake it off by Taylor Swift anything by
Carrie Underwood anything by Ed Sheeran
done I think that counts
brands Sony Canon bushwalk outdoor
things you like my tech carpet adventure
in skiing and go-kart him
yes events fire milk on a Saturday
anyway with friends and anything's there
with food cartoons Powerpuff Girls
recess and Hey Arnold buildings don't
know really uncultured Buckingham Palace
thought the room a sense and a random
flat that I saw on prime location the
other day that I really wanted to move
into but couldn't afford it cuz it's too
much money anything in everyday life
almond milk chia seeds male like
physical male traits in a person humor
cuddles
patience influences blocking community
Dinah doors diverse influences food
films films I'm just gonna say films I'm
sure this isn't the hell I meant to
answer this question but I'm just gonna
say it anyway
drinks oh this is recently changed
I like no longer live on Ribena apple
juice lemon water and cucumber and mint
water experiences skin shootin and
rollercoasters see us to watch secret
eaters catfish I actually really really
like border control youtubers free um
favorite youtubers I really like in the
makeup chair Tyler Oakley
velvet ghost dad those are my 20 times 3
so that's 60 those are my 60 favourite
things I hope you enjoyed this video
yeah I didn't know what was gonna come
out of my mouth before I said it and
then I said it and I don't remember what
I said let me know if you like these
types of videos I don't know if people
enjoy tag videos I don't know what
videos you like me to make so please do
let me know if you enjoyed this and give
it a big thumbs up I'm really bad at
remembering who I'm going to tag so I'm
just gonna real some off so I attack I
wait for all sugar fix Beauty the makeup
chair I'm just gonna I'm just gonna
attack people below yeah I'm just gonna
do that I think yeah so thanks for
watching don't forget to give it a big
thumbs up and of course don't forget to
subscribe bye guys
