hi guys and welcome to my this video
anyway I'm just wander down the high
street and I came across this shop okay
now I don't know if you've ever heared
of cargo before I don't really know that
much about cargo but I was attracted to
shiny things in the window
of course because I'm a magpie and I go
in there and have a look I haven't
actually looked in either of these two
bags since I bought them last Saturday
I'll go for the smaller bag first kind
of remember buying these I look like too
much because I was and this one was on
sale for one pound fifty so but this one
for one pound fifty it's really really
nice
I also got another one face let me say I
was so paranoid about dropping these in
the shop I am really really calm and say
and I will dropped or break anything so
if I've got a hold glass in a shop put
it down on the check out on the table
and let the sales assistant deal with it
because I chop it I do not trust myself
around glass I thought these would be
really nice for makeup brushes in and it
quite big and we have anything for scale
now originally these are meant to be
four pounds but I've got them on self
150 so for two of them three pounds I
think is amazing Nick and I look really
pretty on my dressing table I've got two
of them because I thought face brushes
in mine I brushes in the other hopefully
that will constantly have been and it's
not going to be constantly muddled up as
it usually is about Who am I kidding I
will never stick to that so yeah that's
the special I'm really happy about that
and I still like them the next bag we've
got is this massive I can't even fit
this so again I haven't actually looked
in this back since of water so again I'm
playing things I still like everything
for like two seconds I broke them
already
that's a new record two seconds and
they're broke cones how I don't even
know how I managed to break that so
quickly how is that even possible to
break something that quickly I'd
literally just took them out the bag
just took them out the bag and I've
broken them already I don't know how I
just fell off how is that breaking so
quickly got some leaves saying how much
they were
they're a little bit broken up so big
flower there this one this one was pound
pound
this one was pound that was two pounds
this is my kind of whitey pinky
hydrangea I don't know if you can see
that that was anyway this one was two
pounds as well three of these ones they
would but I think they were cheap and
sage I think they were two pounds each
but I've got three or three of those
I like leaves I think that was two
pounds as well never one of these big
pink flowers
that one was pound and never won it runs
I think was two pounds yeah that's all
my flowers
no I really am quite a crap girl I don't
actually know how to arrange flowers I
don't actually know how to make flowers
are pretty
it just kind of sucks because I spent
about half hour just in the shop like a
loony trying to get them all really neat
in a bunch and then I've got to the tail
and she just took them out of a bunch
one by one and now I can't actually
remember how I had them arranged in the
bunch in the first place which kind of
sucks but hopefully one bit about that I
might be able to get them to look half
decent how much just came - let's have a
look sure we've got to two pounds four
pounds six pounds 8 pounds 10 pounds
12 pounds 14 pounds 17 pounds I think I
think that's right I think that's right
but apparently that's a 16 or 17 30 and
the other thing that got a boss and I
also got a vas
because that's actually really grubby
this again is from Congo and this was 9
pounds so the plan is these flowers
go in this fast and they sit over there
when Nicola always so yeah I just
thought that you know that they brighten
the room up and make it look a bit half
decent in here because you guys don't
really have much to look at I'm not
really a big fresh flowers kind of girl
I know but at least with these I can't
kill them I can't ruin them and I sorry
if I bought that sized bunch of flowers
from a florist that would probably be
like 30 40 quid and and they've died
within about a week but getting them
baked means that they never die and I
just always have to look at them so
that's what I did and yeah I hope I
don't screw them up while I'm trying to
pop them and make them go in there but
if anybody has any blog posts on flower
arranging or you know how to make them
work I don't even know if these flowers
are meant to go together please do let
me know because I would like to hear
bargain of the day one pound fifty each
so that has kind of made my week because
they're really nice pots to put my
makeup brushes in and then I've got my
big bass hair this was nine pound
from cargo so I'm really excited about
that and I've got all my flowers here so
collectively everything comes 29 pounds
which i think is an absolute bargain and
I am really happy about that I didn't
really buy anything else I kind of had a
little Mitch back but I didn't actually
see anything that took my fancy that's
it for my home way haul I hope you
enjoyed it and like this type of or
video then please do let me know and
also please do not forget to subscribe
and give it a big thumbs up if you
enjoyed it thank you so much for
watching and I will see you guys soon
