hey I'm M and welcome to my very first
youtube video oh I did it I did it I did
it scary
do not swear do not swear do not swear
and do this so what you can expect to
see on my channel are makeup videos
holes tutorials general chitter-chatter
now I'll try not to talk too much
because I'm not very good for talking
even though I'm talking too much now
those of you that may or may not know I
write a blog called my pale skin you can
find it at my pale skin calm and I have
decided to venture why why I don't know
but I have decided to venture into the
world of YouTube and show you guys what
I kind of write about but in video form
I guess this video is what I am loving
summer makeup wise at the moment now
summer makeup is usually all about
bronzed and turn skin now if you are
like me and don't wear fake tan you
don't go out in the Sun that much you
don't actually go up side and socialise
with other people but
now if you like me and you don't wear
fake tan or bronzer or bottle tan or
goes sunbeds or you don't some larger
thing that people do then hopefully this
is the video for you I'd love to hear
your thoughts on this video obviously
it's my first video I don't know what
the hell I am doing so if you do like it
please do let me know in the comments
and please subscribe and do the other
stuff down there comes up etc that would
be lovely
now I've already prepped my skin with my
Eucerin
day cream and I've put my rnk makeup
base on why my Mac prep and prime BB
cream in extra light and I'm using an
elf cosmetics foundation brush to do so
really important to make sure that
you're definitely blending that
foundation so you don't get any orange
lines anyway that's not what we
using the same brush I'm applying my
Bourjois healthy mix concealer in shade
51 this is to make sure that I've got
extra coverage where I need it the most
because the Mac prep prime BB cream is
so super light this concealer is
slightly too yellow for my skin tone as
almost bourgeois concealers and
foundations but I'm gonna anyway because
I quite like at the moment
I like to cap my concealer in to make
sure that it's not gonna sit on top of
my face and then I'm just setting it
with my Rimmel stay matte translucent
pressed powder
on to the holy grail of a beauty
bloggers concealer cupboard this is the
collection lasting perfection concealer
in shade and one I'm absolutely loving
this concealer at the moment it's
totally replaced my mac studio finish
concealer it's just my new favorite
concealer mine up to love it
I'm patting that in to make sure that it
has set on my skin and is just going to
slide off
the lights dusting off the Rimmel stay
matte pressed powder in translucent
and I said I'm not a bronzer girl but
this is a new product for me this is the
bourgeois Moxie delight bronzer in shade
number two muezzin is both to add some
warmth and to contour on my cheeks so
I'm pulling it in the hollows of my
cheeks and I'm just bringing that up
onto the temples as well
as in a little bit maybe that's a bit
too much what am I thinking blend that
out using the powder brush and hopefully
that will fix that we don't really want
to be going out with an average four
heads so we'll pretend that the orange
ball had never happened just using it
contour down the size of my big old nose
next up is blush and I am using the elf
cosmetics baked blush in peachy cheeky
I'm actually using the naked basics
Venus eyeshadow as a highlight because I
absolutely love how this looks on my
skin it's just the perfect shade for me
so I'm pulling that across the tops of
my cheekbones and up onto my eyebrow
down in the center of my nose
I'm also pulling that onto the Cupid's
bow of my lips and a little dab onto our
chin blending that out with my Real
Techniques powder brush and going back
in with the collection concealer just to
cover any problem areas that may still
be showing back to the Wonder palate
that is the Naked basics I am using
naked 2 and faint I've tried so many
different brow products over the past
couple of months and these two together
I have to say are the perfect shade for
my eyebrows
once you've punched your light into
working again it's time to finish off
filling in those brows using a light
hand is key for this because it's better
to take your time then to go too far and
look like you've raided the Pyramid of
market or to make sure they're sharp I'm
going back in with a concealer brush
with a little bit of the collection
lasting perfection concealer on just to
make sure they're neat and sharp and
tidy once again back to the Naked basics
palette I'm using the shade foxy as a
base using a crown brush deluxe crease
brush I'm using shade naked to add some
depth and make my eyes stand out more
and seem less flat
onto the lids and I'm just patting in
shades too from there mua makeup academy
on breasts my shadow palette I
absolutely adore these palettes and are
only four pounds you just you just can't
go wrong using a crown brush pencil
brush and just taking that under my
lower lid I'm now using shade five from
the undressed palette as a transition
color just to ease the blend between the
shimmer and the matte eyeshadow
on to the eyeliner and this is the Aiko
skinny felt liner what I like about this
eyeliner is it's got quite a long tip on
it which makes it really good for
getting in there and using it for flicks
and just in case you're wondering my
little round out-of-focus mirror is a
cap Kidston mirror which I got with a
makeup back
this is my new favorite mascara and it's
the bourgeois Volume one second mascara
it just makes my eyelashes look amazing
even without curl in them it still makes
them look super long and super thick so
it's an absolute new Holy Grail product
for me
for the lips on using the bourgeois
Paris glossy finish lipstick in shade
number four peach on the beach
just rubbing that along with my finger
to make sure that score even before
going back in and using it again
because you can never have too much
blush I'm going back in with the elf
cosmetics baked blush in each cheeky
blending that out of my Real Techniques
powder brush and trying to disguise the
fact that I haven't had enough sleep
with my collection last infection
concealer and patting that in
the final little fluff of the hair and
here's the finished look
my dewy skin with a hint of peach
perfect for the summer thanks for
watching and don't forget to subscribe
you
