hi guys and welcome back the other day I
came to the realization that I have
never filmed a Q&A video on this channel
that is just not good enough so today's
the day and I wanted to sit down and
talk all things makeup all things no
makeup and most importantly let's talk
about how to feel good without it let's
get started
question number one Amy Galan's asks who
are some people in your life it'll keep
inspiring you or telling you to have
self-confidence that is a good question
now one of the most important things I
think I've learned over maybe the past
10 years is that it's not about the
quantity of friends that you have it's
all about the quality growing up I kind
of had this thought process that I
needed to have this insane phone book to
have a million different friends who
would always go shopping with me go to
the movies go and hang out like three
times a day you really don't need to
have like 50 friends who you're gonna
call upon and struggle to choose between
to be your bridesmaids when you grow up
I can count my true friends on one hand
and I know that those people will always
be there for me no matter what if I have
a good day if I have a bad day if I'm
stuck somewhere at 3:00 in the morning
and they will always be there for me and
I will always be there for them no
matter what Alex because lever six five
eight says when did you learn to accept
yourself and how long did it take I love
you so much
ah thank you so much that's so sweet I
really wish that I could say that I had
it all figured out when I was a teenager
but that definitely was not the case
self-confidence was always something
that I kind of struggled with throughout
my teenage years you know this kind of
hold self-confidence thing didn't really
kick in until I was in my early to mid
twenties the one thing that kind of
helped me get there was actually
developing acne and kind of going
through what I did with sharing my story
meeting a load of you guys developing
this kind of community online honestly
really shaped me into Who I am today I
owe a lot to you guys I am so thankful
to find you all and have you all in my
life I all like to you guys to answer
your question I think it took me about
24 years
cariann giggles asks is there one make a
product that can instantly
boost your confidence why one product
which I always say had a massive kind of
effect on my confidence or was almost
kind of life-changing well it wasn't
almost it kind of actually was that was
finding the right concealer now I am a
massive concealer junkie and I have
hundreds upset I am literally always
drawn to like the same kind of concealer
type because when you find the right
concealer you learn how to apply it in
the right way that can give you
confidence that like a year of therapy
sometimes can't it kind of gives you
that level of control back when my acne
was really bad I just couldn't stop it I
couldn't work out how to make it better
and I didn't know what to do it felt
like everything I tried didn't work the
moment I found the right concealer and I
found a product that actually worked for
me it literally gave me that kind of
almost power back where it was my
decision if I wanted to show my acne and
it was my decision if I didn't want to
show my acne emily l16 asks what did
someone say and/or do to build up your
self-esteem and fill in himself with
that is a good question
I always feel like one thing that really
helped me the most when my acne was at
its worst and I felt super insecure
people not saying or doing anything you
feel like when you have acne it is
literally the first thing that you look
at when you look in the mirror when you
walk past the store when you catch your
reflection there's nothing that can make
you feel more insecure or like
self-conscious than somebody pointing
out your acne or something that you
might not necessarily be able to control
one of the ways that people can help
somebody go in through acne or an
insecurity or a self-confidence issue is
literally not mentioning the thing that
they might have an insecurity about
beautified by Aubrey asks how do you
feel just as confident with no makeup on
as you do with makeup on asides from
asking about my skincare routine I feel
like how do I be confident without
makeup is probably my most frequently
asked question ever some people are very
naturally lucky to kind of not be
insecure about how they
that's something that some people are
born with and that's something that
other people have to learn I did feel
kind of worried about posting pictures
of myself without makeup but what my
colleagues would think of me or what my
friends would think of me if they knew
for me it kind of took years started
with me ditching fake tan which is kind
of where the my pale skin came from then
week by week I started gradually taking
one product out you know you can start
with for the full instaglam with your
tan your extensions your lashes week by
week gradually take out one product kind
of toned down maybe the amount of eye
shadow you use or maybe the amount of
contour maybe you slowly move down from
a full coverage foundation to a medium
to a light with a full coverage
concealer eventually I found that I
looked in the mirror and I just didn't
really care that I went out without
makeup on my friends came over and I
didn't have makeup on and my hair was in
a messy knot the truth is it is not
gonna be easy and it is not gonna be
something that happens like that because
there is so much more to it and so much
more work that goes into it than that
Sarah Michael Duncan asks how do you
deal with all this hate you get from
posting no makeup pictures and still
post them but the thing is when I first
started posting my no makeup pictures I
didn't really get loads of negative
comments most of the time they were from
my very small audience at the time it
wasn't until I started sharing my story
things started getting reposted
followers started growing it I start
getting hate it felt like when people
reposted me they could kind of guarantee
a ton of likes and a ton of comments
because there would be people literally
saying ill or gross what the f it did
affect me and I'm not afraid to admit
that it did I didn't know how to deal
with it the one kind of thing that
really kept me going throughout all of
this was the comments and the messages
that you guys would send me honestly
like one email from you guys could just
pick me up having your support to answer
the messages that you sent me
honestly kept me going you guys made me
feel less alone I'm always so thankful
for all of those messages all of those
emails everything that you guys continue
to send me it means the world mr. W asks
do you have a boyfriend
if yes
haven't you been afraid a film without
makeup for the first time in front of
him yes I do have a boyfriend we've been
together for about six years
no I didn't really feel bad about not
wearing makeup in front of him I'd
probably say that 90% of the time he
sees me I'm not wearing any makeup
my hair's usually in a messy bun on top
of my head and I've been sweating kind
of in my chair editing all day
definitely not a picture of radiance and
glamour and you I'm just being me trying
to get on with my life I guess I've had
kind of relationships where I've been
told to dress a certain way to look a
certain way to wear my hair a certain
way to say the right thing at the right
time that is not a relationship that you
want to be in I am very lucky that my
partner accepts me for who I am and kind
of appreciates what I have to say Karen
Albie asks what is your favorite makeup
look where you feel your most confident
okay so I actually have two and I'm not
sure if that's cheating or breaking the
rules but I'm just gonna go for it
anywhere almost no makeup makeup look
basically it's highly bit of like
mascara some nice thick fluffy brows a
little bit of highlight a little bit of
lip balm maybe a little bit of Rouge
from the center a nice rosy cheek so
that kind of girl next door almost no
makeup makeup look I frickin adore for
the daytime and for the evening the same
look but with a liquid matte lipstick or
with like a thick winged liner lots of
lashes and maybe some glitter and warm
toned eyeshadow smoked out too so those
are kind of my to go to safety makeup
looks
I really don't wear that much makeup in
the day it's literally a tiny forever CC
cream or foundation a bit of browse a
little bit of mascara and then I usually
run out the door so yeah not that much
Katie Davis asks what was the one thing
you struggle to have confidence on for
me I think it was the knowledge of
knowing that it's okay to not like the
same things as somebody else or it's
okay to not have the latest trendy
fashion that was the thing that I kind
of struggles with for the longest time
was that I felt like I kind of had to
fit the norm but I had to like the same
things as ever people and I had to go to
the same places as other people in dress
a certain way truth is I don't
necessarily enjoy those things so why
by doing them why am I putting myself
through those things the way of the
world that we have been brought up in as
a woman it's kind of ingrained in us to
never say no and he that we're something
I kind of struggled with for a long time
was being able to say no I don't want to
do that without making like a million
excuses and excessively apologizing for
something I really don't want to go I'm
gonna say you know
no thanks I'm gonna have a nice and
instead Lola Darren asks how is your
self-confidence changed over your time
as a youtuber oh that is a tough
question I actually did make my why I
made you look disgusting video in that
you can literally see my whole kind of
YouTube journey watching that stuff back
editing that kind of mini film was so
freaking weird
a lot of that footage I didn't even
remember filming like I didn't remember
film in the vlog where I was like I'm
gonna go to therapy and I'm gonna try
and work on my confidence I literally
don't even remember thumb in that it was
kind of where I am now seeing where I
was then is just so weird and crazy and
I guess it kind of reminds me how far
I've come
I'm just really proud of my past self
for deciding to document that guess that
kind of shows how bad a day I was having
totally different person and that's all
down to you guys I wouldn't have been
able to have this kind of crazy journey
and wouldn't have been able to grow kind
of how I have without you guys I am
forever gonna be thankful to you guys
and I'm forever gonna appreciate you
yeah you guys have changed my life more
than one way and the biggest kind of
part about that has been how I see
myself how I feel about myself so yeah
thank you for that I will always kind of
appreciate what you guys have done for
me and that is it's really from my first
ever Q&A I really hope you enjoyed this
video I hope it was helpful I hope maybe
you learned something thank you so so
much for watching I really really
appreciate everything that you guys have
done for me and I really appreciate all
of your support so thank you so much and
if you're not subscribed already please
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button and I will see you very soon for
another video bye
