hi guys and welcome back in today's
video things are gonna get a little bit
interesting I have a brand new
foundation that I personally have never
tried before I have done my best to kind
of avoid any tweets or instagrams about
it I basically have absolutely no idea
what to expect at its foundation of
choice is the hood of beauty faux filter
foundation if you are expecting this to
be an affordable kind of influence a
loss you're gonna have a bad time the
faux filter foundations were in fact
purchased from Harrods and they cost 32
pounds each we have the two different
shades to choose from today angel food
which is a neutral shade and milkshake
which is the lightest shade oh this is
the moisturizing makeup base sample that
we get I didn't know that no I do I
think that packaging is quite gorgeous
actually you've got a nice matte black
LEDs his hombre kind of black rising up
a little sticker on the bottom with the
shade range it is apparently a high
coverage cream a foundation effortless
application camouflages imperfections
and pigmentation we'll see about that
apply foundation evenly all over face
this foundation is telling you one pump
or less all over the face so we don't
like to cake it use a dense brush or a
makeup sponge so why don't we do both
today what would be a really bad idea
but I'm gonna give this primer base a go
okay angel food and milkshake I'm
definitely gonna go for this one here
which is the shade angel foods I'm gonna
go in for the complexion perfection
primer and just pop it on one side of my
skin to see if that makes any difference
oh that is thicker than I was expecting
and it's very much like a thick
moisturizer
oh my god that is thick that is like
thicker than a Nivea cream it's like
cedar cream consistency why do I get the
feeling like I'm gonna regret this I've
just given that primer a couple of
minutes to set and it's feeling a little
bit tacky time to apply our foundation
I'm gonna go for the shade angel food
and I'm just gonna take that on my
finger and I'm gonna apply it on the
primal side first okay wow that is thick
that is definitely full coverage we have
still got quite a bit of redness we've
got a nice of flawless kind of glow here
I think it looks really good so far
I'm gonna keep trying I'm going to keep
bouncing my sponge to just blend out
that foundation there is definitely
clear to see the difference between no
foundation and foundation now it hasn't
really managed to cover every single
breakout we are still seeing quite a bit
of redness around here and also a bit of
redness on the side of my chin it's done
quite a good job I do kind of want to go
back in and finish up this side properly
it's not really sure I'm gonna buy the
whole one pump is all you need
especially not with my skin any we're
gonna dot that foundation and try and
see what else we can cover up you can
definitely see the difference between
the side with Foundation and the side
without foundation I'm not offended by
how it looks
I've tried much much worse and I've also
tried much better it doesn't look cakey
like crack in my smile lines here the
redness and pigmentation is still
showing through it has not completely
covered it I'm gonna move on to a
foundation brush and I'm just gonna
apply that to the other size okay that
is six dots of foundation let's see what
we've got
the foundation that we apply to using
the brush has come out much more
natural-looking than the side which we
apply to using the sponge I have a
feeling that that primer being so tacky
is kind of lock in that foundation in
just take a touch more of that
foundation because that's what we did on
this side once again blend that out too
using my it's cosmetics brush the side
in which we apply to the complexion
perfection primer the foundation almost
seemed to get trapped and get stuck and
I think it maybe it's a little bit too
thick but one thing that I do see is
that this so it seems more kind of
radiant more kind of flawless so I'm
going to knock the lights off and let's
see if there is actually a difference
with the lights off as well the side
which we applied the foundation using
the brush and no primer looks much more
natural and radiant on the skin I'm
gonna leave that there for now I'm just
gonna pop on a small amount of concealer
this is the derma color camouflage cream
my favorite concealer ever I'm just
gonna take a couple of these shades from
ugly these two here and just cover up
any of those imperfections that are
still showing through I'm just gonna
take a small amount of the Tarte shape
tape to just conceal my dark circles and
my under eye area just place that in the
under eye area go ahead and blend that
out and I'm going to use the brush from
the back of my concealer and foundation
brush that my base today I'm using my
favorite Van Dyne neutral set colorless
powder I'm just gonna go ahead and add a
touch of that now that my base is done
all that's left to do is just finish up
the rest of my makeup I'll be right back
and this is now had the hood of beauty
fo filter foundation looks on my skin
after applying a full face of makeup so
I'm literally just gonna leave this
foundation there for now I'm just gonna
quickly show you what this looks like
with the lights on low and up closest so
you can have a look for yourselves
the time is now 4 o'clock and I'm gonna
leave that hooded beauty foundation on
my skin for as long as possible now I've
got an event to go to I've got errands
to run I'm gonna check back in with you
guys in a few hours and let's see does
this actually work it's now 1 a.m. and
my makeup is been on my face for over
nine hours I'm definitely looking a bit
tired in the under eye area and we do
have some of that foundation that has
worn off across my forehead as well
let's get in close and let's have a
better look in my lines we are having
some crack in it happen in there we've
also got a little bit of creasing I say
a little I mean a lot of creasing
happening in the under eye area my nose
is pretty much Boyd of all and any
foundation kind of got some fair wear
and tear around those breakout on the
lower half of my face I'm not seeing too
much difference between the two sides
however when we come up to the forehead
I feel like the primed sides has a
little bit more foundation left on it
than the unprimed size we are seeing a
little bit more redness come through
there we are seeing a little bit of
patchiness around the chin a little bit
of separation and just general cakiness
I guess would be a technical term on
that so here's the thing as far as the
two different sides of my face goes I
really don't see that much of a
difference between the two of them the
unprimed side it looks better on first
application and when it was fresher it
had more of a radiant and luminous look
to it now in terms of how the flow
filter foundation acted with the primer
I would probably say just use your
favorite liquid primer I don't really
see that much difference between the two
sides using this one it's still a little
bit cakey on both sides it's a little
bit patchy on both sides I want to say
that maybe this side has slightly more
coverage but maybe there's just no
breakouts in that area
I don't really rate the primer so I'm
not going to be using that again would I
recommend the hooded Beauty foundation
if you are wearing it for a short amount
of time I think it's probably worth
looking into but looking for something
that's gonna get you through a 9 plus
hour day I don't think this is the one I
really don't think it's the one so if
you have something that you're looking
for a foundation to maybe where just for
the evening or maybe you're not going to
wear it all day
and all night then maybe have a look
into this one I don't want to say run
out and buy this but I also don't want
to say it's terrible don't waste your
money if you are looking for a medium to
full coverage foundation that does look
quite dewy and radiant you might get on
better with it than I did thank you so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed
this video and I hope you liked the heat
kind of review let me know what you guys
think on the hood of beauty both falta
foundation have you bought it would you
buy it or would you try it let me know
your thoughts thank you so much for
watching don't forget to hit that
subscribe button and I'll see you guys
soon
bye
