hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I am testing out a whole range of
brand new drugstore products inside of
this incredibly beautiful rose gold
makeup case we have the whole Maybelline
and Gigi Hadid makeup collection I'm
it's super excited to try this out we've
got a bunch of new things in here so one
other giant palette that doesn't
actually fit in a box who needs a box
anyway I've got some really beautiful
Gigi Maybelline pyjama as if magic when
I put these on I will turn into a
supermodel how cute is that close we've
got a train case make her pajamas on
let's start we've got the Maybelline
Gigi Hadid tinted primer are probably
team this and this together we've also
got the me blue Gigi Hadid warm
eyeshadow palette Maybelline Gigi Hadid
eye contour palette oh wait this looks
exactly the same
oh so that's like matte shape there in
this one we've got some shimmers that's
really cute we also have the Maybelline
gg fiber mascara lash sensational and
this is like my dream having your name
on one of your favorite products ever oh
my god everything is so beautiful -
makeup brushes
I still say they look really good for
the drugstore but they look just really
good standard the Maybelline New York
liquid eyeliner
I swear GG has literally just put her
name on every single favorite products
from Maybelline that the Aran lipstick
which is a really pretty kind of like
Burgundy moved aid tore up and this one
is the shade MacColl we have three
matching and lip liners from the other
side I've got three lip liners and two
lipsticks I'm missing a lipstick we have
the shared care K here I don't know it's
a cave then the word hair care which is
a really gorgeous kind of red lipstick
the shade Austen matching lip liners
which are for the shade K hey Austin and
the shade Larney missing that one and
then this is really beautiful looking
product is the Gigi Hadid jetsetter
palette we've got quite a big mirror on
the top the colossal volume express
mascara we have a blush everyone's a
really shimmery highlight actually bunch
of eyeshadow products there and I would
say that these ones are still in the
palette
and like everything else we have a light
concealer a medium concealer and two lip
balms I think we no longer have a powder
brush I've lost the brush that's it game
over guys oh are you kidding me it was
literally in the case the whole time we
are gonna do this makeup before I lose
anything else or even my mind I'm going
to start with the tinted primer in the
shade light/medium gonna open that
primer Oh women OH
that is very tinted let's do this this
is gonna give me that LA kind of
Victoria's Secret skin oh wow it does
give me a tan okay so it looks pretty
scary when you first apply it you can
see when I blend it out it does just
give me that kind of runs I've just been
off the beach
maybe I've put the wrong shade of
foundation on I really hope I look like
a Victoria's Secret model by the end of
this I'm gonna be so disappointed if I
don't I'm just gonna make sure that off
ever done my neck definitely looking a
pretty sunkissed right now I'm gonna
move on to the gigi hadid strobing
liquid because I'm all about that kind
of highlights dewy radiant look this one
is in the shade iridescent pretty sure
that this is the same product as the
master strobe in liquid I'm gonna put a
piece host on hand on my hand I'm gonna
take that highlight gently apply it over
my cheeks to get me looking at radiant
through my foundation every way where we
would naturally want to highlight I'm
just gonna pop on a small amount of this
you can definitely see it kind of
shimmer in and glow in on top of that
primer and that is what we want guys
that's what we want to achieve I
actually want to keep my base pretty
simple pretty natural-looking I'm gonna
go for my wrap of bashed-up
it's cosmetics CC cream and to apply
that I'm using my it cosmetics heavenly
luxe complexion perfection brush and to
conceal my blemishes I'm using the make
up forevers by color camouflage palette
and just buff
home-like living for this product
combination I can't even hold them but
how good does that look on the skin I'm
actually like really feeling that yes
new goatee combination got this
supermodel skin going on now it's time
to get that supermodel brow I'm gonna
take my soap brows and using a clean
damp spoolie run that through my brows
all about this kind of not overgrown
brow but something that looks a less
structured but in a naturally beautiful
way and to fill in my brows I'm using
the benefit precisely my brow pencil
okay so we've got three different sets
of eyeshadow to choose from today I have
the duty Hadid jetsetter palette we also
have the warm eyeshadow palettes final
palette that I've got is the Gigi Hadid
eye contour palette and these are just
some really pretty matte shadows now I
am a little bit disappointed in how
small those eyeshadows are compared to
the size of my finger I think this is an
incredibly beautiful packaged palette I
think those shades a perfect for
everyday I just wish they would be girls
I'm gonna take this very first shade
here just like the light neutral flashy
tone shade and I'm gonna use my
Maybelline Gigi of course it's called
Gigi of course it's called Gigi this is
the eye contour brush it's like a light
kind of terracotta shows next I'm gonna
move on to this sandy shade and just
really intensify those outer corners I
think I'm going to take a little bit of
this lightest kind of white show you
take that underneath my brows to add a
touch of highlight you're looking for
something in your face that is not gonna
be just kind of in a corner tear duct
shade b8x I'm gonna move on to the
Maybelline Gigi Hadid eyeshadow palette
this is the warm shade I wanted to use a
shimmer feel in this really pretty
bronzy shade here but I am kind of
feeling this Goldy shimmer here I'm
gonna apply that word I think and just
apply that into the inner corner and
around the first kind of third of my I
feel like I'm gonna end up with like a
really big black smokey I hope I the end
of it if I keep going I just want to use
everything right now I'm getting
rebounds in this Cara next
this is the Gigi Hadid fiber mascara she
was obsessed with this mascara it was
sold in Japan do you wanted to bring it
to like the mainstream and bring it to
the Western world I love a good fiber
mascara but some of them can like kind
of poke you in the eye I'm gonna start
by just layering up that mascara I'm
only gonna take those fibers on to the
end there we go so that's one coat of
fire Bush like oh good I think I'm just
gonna apply a touch more hand fill one
slightly digging into my eye maybe
though I think I got it I'm kind of
really too in that I'm gonna do the same
on the upper I see my lashes before the
Fiber has been applied they don't like
us thick too much too much every time
that I use a fiber mascara I literally
feel like I'm gonna stab myself in the
eye but how good to those lashes look I
feel like there is a definite difference
without mascara with mascara and then
with mascara and fiber mascara fiber
mascara fiber mascara and then leave it
I'm gonna take the Maybelline master
camo color correcting pen and once again
using my it cosmetics brush I'm just
gonna very gently blend that up I love
when you apply a product and you can
instantly see the difference literally
it is night and day going on here on my
face I'm gonna take L'Oreal perfect
match concealer and this is in the shade
1n I'm gonna take that in the under eye
area
very gently gonna start blending that
out or add any powder I'm gonna go back
to that Gigi Hadid strobing laqueer this
time I'm gonna take some of it on top of
my foundation and I just really want to
emphasize that radiance through my skin
because Gigi I swear Gigi kind of glowed
like an angel I just kind of want to get
a bit of that on my life well I'm just
gonna dress that just
to the high points of my cheeks and
blend that using my finger you can go
for a brush this is the urban decay e 2
O 2 brush if you want to have that kind
of level of control I kind of prefer
using my fingers to do something like
this there like you get a better result
seeing how Gigi and her makeup artist
interacted with the lip balms and use
them almost as an eye shadow it looked
so nice on her skin I'm gonna take a
little bit of that lip balm like this
bottom pink shades here just apply that
as a cream blush across my cheeks Gigi
always said that she smiles so let's
kind of pretend to smile when we do it
as well a little bit of that bum on my
finger and just gently apply that onto
my teeth I'm gonna set the areas of my
face I'm gonna use my kind of favorite
neutral set powder from Ben Nye she's
gonna take a small amount of powder into
my under eye area and I'm also just
gonna take a little bit of that powder
down into my smile lines and under my
chin and the tiniest amount into the
center of my forehead back to the Gigi
jetsetter palette the contour shade some
of the that kind of bronze you shade and
I'm just gonna add a bit of depth and
definition to the after corners of my
face and I'm gonna finish up those
cheeks with a touch of this pink
iridescent kind of highlight highlight
using that same brush I'm just gonna
sweep it over the highest points of my
cheek I'm gonna take the brush that came
with and just sweep a little bit more of
that highlight over the tops of my cheek
nose under my brows into the inner
corners of my eyes I'm gonna go back to
that eye contour palette just take some
of those two eyes shadow shades there to
just blend out in that under-eye area
quick and finish up with a touch of
mascara on those lower lashes you can
finish up the whole look let's add some
lip liner and lipstick I'm gonna use the
shade MacColl so let's go for the liner
first and just apply that to line our
lips
I'm literally like living for that lip
shade I'm gonna take the lipstick and
I'm so freaking excited oh my god this
is a half backside and this is the
finished look this is my full face of
first impressions kind of makeup
tutorial kind of oh I really love that
product I am so freakin impressed with
so many products that I tried today now
as you guys know I am a little bit of a
Maybelline fangirl I am not being paid
for this in any way shape or form
I literally Maybelline don't even know
I'm making this video at least something
but I'm like that is a terrible idea why
would you ever make that product but I
literally don't have that on any of the
products today these full products is
like a base combination coupled with the
jetsetter palette I think if anything
you need to try this combination these
four products I literally I'm like
looking at my monitor like that it's
glowing from a mile off and it feel a
little bit like GG so I live in for
everything that I use my favorite
favorite favorite products have to be
that fiber mascara I really like how
that looks and it literally is almost
like I've got our doll whispies on so
loving those lashes the jet setter
palette is awesome especially for
trouble because you get the two lip
balms you get some eyeshadows you get
the contour the blush the highlight
powder and you also get a mini mascara
and two brushes feel like they aren't
enough nude lip liners out there
especially at an affordable price point
actually you can just go to boots or
superdrug and buy I'm super impressed
that they've launched some of these I
was also quite surprised to see
Maybelline launched those brushes
Maybelline please make more face because
I would love to have a whole collection
if it only had like a little bit of gold
on it that would make it hmm so much
better love that she has incredible
brows
they're super fluffy super full they
look amazing why don't she not release
any brow products I literally am just
like GG where's the damn brow product
where other brow products where is that
brow filler who I am I use in other
products when you have incredibly good
brows please release something that gets
me brows that look like yours I feel
like that's the only kind of
negative that I have is that have Gigi
brought out some brow products I
literally would have lost my shot and I
would have been so freaking happy and
that's about it
so if you are looking for that kind of
la girl next door flawless barely-there
makeup that has a hint of kind of shade
and shadow and a hint of texture and
glam and that kind of thing this is the
collection for you if you're not about
that life and are expecting these
palettes to have the same kind of level
of pigmentation as like I don't know
maybe like a makeup geek shadow or maybe
like something like a makeup forever
shadow you're gonna have a bad time I
loved everything that I tried and so I
don't want to say a buddy loved
everything but damn it thank you so much
for watching if you'd like to see more
videos like this then you can click here
or here um I love you guys thank you so
much for everything can I'll see you
soon bye
