hey guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm talking you through a full
face of drug so first impressions now I
felt pretty spendy the other day in the
drugstore and I've bought probably far
too many new product but I feel like I
haven't been to the drugstore in forever
so it was about time I'm really excited
because I have a whole face of new
products I've never used before
and I want to see how good they are so
if you want to find out what I bought
and what I thought just keep watching
but start with a primer today is the
maybelline superstay makeup extending
primer I've never used this before it
was super affordable I think it was
maybe like 7 pounds or something oh no
not the color I was expecting it to be
so we're going to go ahead and just
apply this all over my skin it feels
pretty nice actually it's quite liquid
it feels super silky super soft and it
really does feel a little bit more like
a moisturizer or a serum than a primer
I'm gonna move on to foundation I have
the sleek makeup life proof foundation
this is a medium to full coverage sweat
proof oil-free foundation i've never
swatched this so I don't even know if
it's in my shows fingers crossed I think
that might work it's quite yellow I
don't know I feel like that could work I
feel like it could be a good thing let's
try it out let's hope for the best
what's the worst that can happen we're
gonna take my deal foundation brush it's
actually a really good brush I'm just
gonna pop my finger into that foundation
and just dots that onto my skin and I'm
literally just gonna start blending that
out it's so far not really moving is it
covering maybe not if you haven't worked
out I literally am just doing one side
of my face there is definitely a clear
divide from the side with the foundation
to the side without the foundation I'd
say it was more medium coverage we can
still see a lot of that redness and
pigmentation through that foundation
hopefully by the time I'm finished it
will look amazing so far the sleek
lifeproof foundation has kind of done a
good job in the areas where we don't
have any redness or pigmentation but the
areas where we do have quite a few
breakouts scarring or redness it's not
really done
thing it's not really done much to a
tribe kind of expections and look a bit
better than it does I'm gonna carry on
and this time I'm gonna take the sleek
makeup lifeproof foundation on to the
other side of my face using that Beauty
Blender I'm just gonna bounce to blend
it out I think sure I actually think
it's doing a much better job with the
Beauty Blender I think it did an okay
job it is starting to crack around my
smile lines and also crease in the under
eye area here I'm not like completely I
hate everything about this it's fine
maybe if you've got oily skin you might
get on quite well with it I'm going to
move on to my brows I have the MUA
luxe power brow three-in-one brow
definer we have spoolie we have eyebrow
pencil and then we have eyebrow powder
it's a powder that's quite clever I'm
gonna start brushing through my brows
and then let's fill them in I'm going to
switch to that powder okay so it is way
quicker to fill them in using that
powder first impressions on the MUA luxe
power brow I feel like it did quite a
good job of filling them in they are
pretty big and they do look a little bit
like slugs and we're gonna chuck some of
the soap brows on usually I would use
this before literally just want to set
my brows I'm gonna move on to eyeshadow
and today I have the mua makeup academy
professional matte eyeshadow palette so
this really does remind me of the
eyeshadow palettes so you can get from
Mac you've got six different shades I'm
gonna start by taking the spectrum bo6
brush and using that lightest shade
we're gonna apply that all over the lids
to act as a base next I'm gonna move on
to this nude shade here and I'm just
gonna take that into the deepest part of
my crease and blend out I feel like I'm
packing that brush with quite a lot of
shadow it's just not really coming out
very strong I'm gonna move on to this
medium brown shade here into the deepest
part of my eyes if you've got one brown
eyeshadow you've kind of got them all
but that is actually quite a nice shade
it's not the most pigmented it does look
a little bit chalky when it applies
finally I'm just gonna finish up those
eyes with this deepest darkest purple
shade here and I'm just going to take
that concentrating
in the outer corners of my eyes I think
the eyeshadow palette was okay it was a
little bit of a struggle to get it to
not look chalky if you are used some mid
range or gun luxury eyeshadow palettes
you might struggle with this one I have
the sleek makeup eye art precision
liquid eye color I'm gonna go ahead and
just apply this onto my lid I've never
even swatch this but let's give it a
shot
very gently start to distress and finds
out that liquid eyeshadow we don't have
that much shimmer left but I'm kind of
feeling it I'm just gonna take a little
bit more the sugar is showing up see
when you first acquire and then when you
blend it out but shimmer just disappears
maybe the brush just feels it
well my eyeliner today I have the
Maybelline New York master precise curvy
eyeliner I have never ever heard of this
before okay wow that's confusing okay
I'm just gonna go with it I'm gonna be
brave I'm just gonna line my upper lash
line I have the Maybelline lash
sensational this pointed on Rhodes gold
packaging I'm just going to go ahead and
apply lashings of that mascara back to
the MUA luxe palette I'm just gonna take
that purple shade and just start to
blend that out in the under eye area I'm
gonna go back to the eye arts precision
eye color just take that into the inner
corner just gonna finish up with some
mascara on those lower lashes now that
our eyes are done I'm gonna move on to
concealer I have the Rimmel lasting
finish 25 hour grieve abort concealer
this is in the shade zero zero one light
ivory I'm gonna give that a go feels
quite dry as I'm applying it and just
very gently stop patting to blend that
out take a small brush to just blend out
in the under eye area I think it's the
foundation that's throwing everything
off it just feels so dry you know when
you just apply stuff and you instantly
regret everything
I'm literally struggling with this base
and these products I don't know what it
is I'm gonna move on to the Rimmel insta
contour duo stick on one side you have a
highlight and
on the other you've got a contour I'm
just gonna take that contour into the
hollows of my cheeks
oh that is very warm also around the top
of my forehead under my turn once again
using that same sponge I'm just gonna
balance the blender out get a move on to
the highlights part of that instead zero
contour stick and I'm just going to take
that onto the highest points of my
cheeks I'm gonna set that base using the
rimmel into the matte translucent powder
it's got hashtags built into it how cool
is that I'm not really sure how I feel
about this powder just yeah I'm gonna
move on to my lips and I have the
L'Oreal Paris
Cheryl's lip kit this is the matte
liquid lipstick and lip liner okay so
we've got one lip paint matte liquid
lipstick matching lip liner so this is
definitely L'Oreal's version of a Kylie
lip kit so let's go ahead and line those
lips and then I'm going to take that lip
paint matte and this is the shade two
one two
nudists by the way oh my god you guys I
literally nearly forgot I was so
freaking excited when I saw this in the
store Ardell faux mink lash collection
you get one thing of duo lash adhesive
this was from the drugstore and it still
costs sixty pounds one thing I don't
like about these lashes I would expect
more lash glue than that so this is the
finished look
it is my drugstore first impressions
that is perfect for for products that I
loved today I of course love the lash
sensational the Adele faux mink lashes
Charles lip kits from L'Oreal Paris love
the lip line I love how easy it was to
apply the lipstick however I feel like I
had to apply it so many freaking layers
it's so much dry were a bit almost just
for the liner I also really liked the
Maybelline master precise curvy liner
you'd probably struggle to get a really
fine winged liner using the curvy so if
that's kind of what you're going for
then go for the normal master precise
instead I really liked the sleek I arts
liquid eyeshadow color you do again need
to apply at least two to three coats to
get that kind of mature
shade buildup otherwise it can kind of
go flat products that I really struggled
with today
the sleek lifeproof foundation I really
wanted to like this one I just feel like
it was so dry when I apply it's cracked
in my fine lines here I'm just like mmm
not really feeling and we know what you
think in the comment section down below
which was your favorite and which was
your least favorite product I would love
to hear your thoughts thank you so much
for watching and for more makeup and
first impression videos you can click
here or here thanks for watching guys
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you soon bye
