hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this Blade
Runner futuristic look so let's get
started using soap brows I'm just going
to prep my brows I want them to look
quite thick and fall today so to fill
them in I'm using the NYX eyebrow gel in
the shade brunette this is one of my
favorites
taking the krail and derma color
camouflage cream I'm just going to
sharpen and carve out those brows to
prep my lips the Tarte shape tape
concealer in the shade light and I'm
just going to apply that all over my
lids and then blend it out using a large
flat shadow brush for my eyeshadow today
I have the Marc Jacobs iconic long we're
smart oriole pallets up by taking the
lightest shade all over my lids to set
that concealer then this really kind of
shimmery sat in a gray tone shade and
just apply that onto the lid taking the
twinkle pop stick eyes shadow in the
shade
Stardust I'm just going to really
intensify that base this is such a
stunning kind of graphite graphene
shimmer in silver shade I love it
I'm taking the beautiful stunning
midnight blue shade and just applying
that to the outer corners of my eyes
don't be afraid of blue eyeshadow this
one when it's blended out looks amazing
next take a black eyeliner this one is
from Marc Jacobs but you can use any one
you want to apply that to your upper and
lower lashes and smudge that out this
really doesn't have to be perfect it's
2049 nothing is perfect
so moving on to this deep greeny blue
shade and again just applying that into
the outer corners followed by the silver
shade for a pop of lightness on the lid
for mascara I'm using the Maybelline
colossal Big Shot mascara it's one of my
favorite and it never lets me down when
I want big fluffy lashes I'm following
that with the ardell demi wispies lashes
again some of my favorite lashes of all
time to prep my face I have the Marc
Jacobs coconut primer and I want to have
a really hydrating a dewy base to follow
up with a matte foundation this is the
maybre
matte and poreless foundation I talked
about this in my top seven foundation
videos last week I love this foundation
and to contour today I have the
Illamasqua gel sculpt contour stick
I freaking adore this contour stick it
is like the flawless perfect pale skin
contour of your dreams back to the Tarte
shape tape I'm just going to highlight
my skin and also carve out that contour
underneath I'm using my it cosmetics
luxe a face brush to apply this I
freaking love this brush it is my
favorite foundation brush right now I'm
also taking that concealer into the
under eye area and using my it cosmetics
heavenly luxe duo concealer brush just
said it right I'm just gonna blend that
out to get it looking flawless and even
and to set that and using the Ben Nye
neutral set colorless powder because
this stuff never lets me down it always
looks flawless and it always sets in the
pure contour diary's I'm just going to
deepen up that contour to go for a
really hard to strong a dystopian look
and using the bomb's mary-lou manizer
it's time to get your glow on fill the
lips I'm taking the Rimmel stay matte
liquid lip in the shade pitch-black yeah
so I kind of persevered to see how it
looked and I was kind of feeling it but
then kind of not and then I was just
like no I just nope doubted that one and
went for the Illamasqua bear lipstick
instead it's more basic but slightly
more realistic I think with a touch of
the models own prismatic glass in the
center to finish up I'm taking this
shimmering metallic golden shade from
the Marc Jacobs iconic eye palette and
this is the finished look
it is my Blade Runner 2049 futuristic
glam makeup look thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
video I'll leave all the makeup and
clothing information in the description
box below don't forget to subscribe and
I'll see you soon bye
