there's one type of beauty product that
I feel like I am obsessed with more than
any other beauty product out there it's
got to be foundations
I have tried hundreds of foundations
over the years some of them I loved some
of them were okay some of them were well
let's face it ready done
I hope don't forget about good
foundation I don't mean that in a
hurtful way or in my car I really like
them anymore kind of where it's more of
a oh yeah I really love that foundation
why don't I use that anymore kind of way
my skin is indeed acne prone combination
skin I get dry around my eyebrows oily
in my t-zone area and if I haven't
consumed enough water that wig and my
skin can get dehydrated too
I've divided my foundation into seven
different categories in no particular
order let's go through them first up we
have the bargain the Primark
my perfect color perfect finish
foundation a medium coverage semi matte
foundation 35 mils products and it
retails for the grand price of three
British pounds the first time I tried
this foundation I was could not believe
how flawless this foundation looks and
how affordable it is at the same time
got a really good buildable level of
coverage and the areas where you do have
that flawless kind of perfect skin going
on your lucky thing can get away with
using less foundation then if I could
change just one thing I would probably
make it less matte there's 16 different
shades in the range and at 3 pounds it's
something that every kind of beauty
lover should try even if it's this age
you know what I'm I didn't like it I
thought it was local number two the
must-haves there is one foundation that
I have used countless and I mean
countless times Make Up For Ever Ultra
HD foundation stick or coverage
foundation stick get 45 milliliters of
product it retails at the twenty nine
power
it is probably one of my favorite
foundations of all time I love how
natural this looks on the skin how quick
and downright easy it is to blend out
only issue I have ever had when you drop
them they land on the floor got to lose
a lot of foundation or scrape it off go
to sanitize it but from breaking and
damage in them and they are actually
quite easy to lose yeah let's move on
number three the drugstore do you
there's one thing I love even more than
a radiance foundation and that is an
affordable drugstore radiance foundation
the Maybelline Dream satin liquid is
everything and then some a satin finish
foundation medium coverage 30
milliliters at 799 if you find that
matte foundations look a little bit too
dull dewy foundations a little bit too
sweaty go for the in-between option
which is a satin foundation maybelline
recently expanded their dream sat in
liquid collection line from eight shades
to 22 which is a whopping big difference
I really like how affordable it is and I
like how buildable and I like how easy
it is to use too and if you find it it's
still a little bit too satin then you
can mattify slightly or you can even do
it up is that a real thing can you do
something up number four the color
correcting cream sometimes I literally
cannot be bothered to do my makeup there
are more important things sitting on the
sofa eating pizza editing answering
maybe a million emails I have an answer
but you do want a little bit more than
the it's cosmetics CC cream might just
be the one for you on a correcting full
coverage cream anti-aging hydrating
serum if t SPF 30 two milliliters 30
pounds I've kind of got the knack of
this right there's no sponge there's no
brush hump it on to your fingers give it
a bit of a rub just press that into your
skin oh god no it's all over my hands
another great use for the CC cream if
your boyfriend has a regular habit of
getting his face some but this is
basically a super easy way of fixing
their face it doesn't say foundation
where it says color correcting cream you
can literally get away with it and yeah
number five the high-end hero is
high-end based product your kind of
thing then this is a handbag essential
the wire cell fusion ink cushion
foundation compact is pretty damn
special this is a liquid foundation
cushion compact a satin coverage 14
grams of product and it retails for 40
pounds last year cushion foundations
really did hit the Beauty big-time what
was once a Korean beauty Spade bought
definitely took over the Western beauty
scene or the Western needs you seem kind
of stole it from Korea probably that way
around let's face it was definitely that
way around I definitely find it
impossible to talk about the fusion ink
pushing foundation without talking about
how absolutely stunning the packaging is
it's a little bit dirty just because
something has great packaging it does
not mean that is a great product inside
it however the fusion ink cushion
compact looks good both in the compact
and on the skin as well comes with a
little sponge applicator and just press
some bats
onto your skin 40 British pounds for 14
grams of product 40:14 yeah more of a
blowout purchase if your budget
stretches to it give it a go if you're
sat there thinking em I hate doing
foundations
I hate satin foundations I've got super
oily skin give me a matte foundation
number six the drugstore matte this is
the Maybelline fit me matte and poreless
foundation mattifies skin medium
coverage foundation 30 mils of product
it retails for $6.99 it might have a
small price tag but it definitely makes
a big difference if I ever find myself
going for like a glossy I look a really
glittery shimmery look and I want
something to just mattify my skin maybe
in matte and poreless is definitely one
that I always find myself reaching for
to achieve that look when I was in high
school and could barely kind of afford
drugstore foundations there was nothing
ever as good as this on the market I
love this foundation love how easy it is
to apply love how affordable it is and
on the skip number seven the newcomer a
relatively new foundation for me but one
that shouldn't be underestimated the
estee lauder double wear nude water
freshmaker
water fresh foundation such a long name
oh my god does this look amazing
on the Skip likes to medium coverage oil
3 its satin finish SPF 30 30 mils it's 2
pounds 50 here in the UK one of the
things that definitely caught my eye
how do E and radiance this foundation is
I have actually worn the original Double
Wear foundation for what feels like
forever I literally can't even remember
when I wore it laughs and I have this
memory but it's quite thick very matte
very heavy that's kind of how I
personally remember it I definitely did
not expect to love this didn't perform
very well in the long wear attacks I
just loved how it looked on the skin and
I could kind of see past that when
usually I definitely can't there is
something that is so silky so radiant so
kind of dewy this foundation gives you
it might be the new color but it
definitely deserves its place it was so
difficult to kind of Whittle this down
to just 7 foundations I'm sure there are
a million on one other foundation that
are probably raved about but I've
forgotten they exist my bad it happens
sometimes dodgy brain anybody thank you
so much for watching knows what my tops
are then which ones did you like which
ones do hey don't forget to subscribe
and click the bell to turn on
notifications and for more foundation
testing videos you can click here or
here thanks for watching guys I'll see
you soon bye
