I woke up this morning and I saw so many
three key messages from you guys saying
have you tried 20 Beauty yet have you
tried Rihanna's makeup have you tried
this have you tried this have you seen
that so I literally dragged my sorry ass
out of bed ran literally ran to my car
drove to the store I hauled so freakin
much might have got a little bit carried
away
like a little I mean a ton of product it
came to the grind price of 322 pounds do
feel really guilty I do feel a little
bit sick but it happened and this is
what I've got I pretty much just bought
one of everything they had that was
suitable for me and I'm pretty sure I
bought all of the tools and makeup
brushes as well I am so freaking excited
to get started and test out the fancy
beauty products I did my utmost best not
to swatch any of these in stores so with
that in mind let's get started it's got
the fancy Beauty by Rihanna Pro a filter
instant retouch primer I'm just gonna
take that out of the box and let's have
a little look packaging this is the
Fenty Beauty Pro a filter bottle and
this semi opaque kind of sleek bottle
but the lid is so stunning I love this
package in I'm just gonna open oh did is
just plastic it doesn't have any magnets
in it and it does feel quite lightweight
I'm gonna take some of that primer onto
the back of my hand using my fingers I'm
just gonna apply that primer over my
skin oh this smells really good reminds
me of a moisturizer that are used to use
actually which was a carrot cream
literally felt like I was applying a
really silky moisturizer
it didn't feel dry in my skin is just
pretty much just taking it in and it's
left a really nice almost slightly tacky
base it should be perfect for foundation
and talking of foundation I have the
fancy Beauty by Rihanna Pro filter soft
matte long wave foundation I have this
in the shade 120 this is the food from
the lightest we have that really sleek
beautiful packaging and to apply my
foundation I actually purchased two
different tools fancy Beauty by Rihanna
decision makeup sponge Leanna's version
of the Beautyblender or the miracle
complexion sponge the top is in fact
flat which could be good for getting
into those hard-to-reach places also one
side has kind of had a big wedge torn
off did also purchase a foundation brush
this is the fancy Beauty full bodies
foundation brush I think it is really
cute so far that is so sleek oh my gosh
that is stunning
I'm gonna run the precision sponge under
the taps now as soft and bouncy as a
beauty blender I'll use the sponge for
this side of my foundation and the brush
for this side I'm gonna start by just
taking some of that foundation on my
finger and then slightly pressing that
onto my skin trying to work out if I
actually like it because it's a
mattifying foundation and mattifying
primer on it just feels so dry found its
way into every single pore on this part
of my face and it's definitely
highlighting them and showing them for
the whole world to see I'm gonna move on
to the other side of my face and using
my precision sponge I'm just gonna
bounce the blend okay I feel like that's
much better
already I do prefer how that foundation
looks on the skin using the sponge than
the brush I really want to like this
foundation but I'm really not and I feel
really bad saying that the shade range
is incredible but how that finish looks
on my skin right now I'm not really
excited about it let's move on to
concealer contour and highlight this is
the fancy Beauty by Rihanna match sticks
trio I bought this in the shade light
100 and we have the shade linen amber
and star-struck
now I did actually in fact first pick up
the concealer by itself and then the
very kind sales associates pointed this
one out and said that the concealer in
this is exactly the same as the
concealer you buy by itself kind of made
more sense for me to get a cool thing
about these products is that they were
all actually magnetized
so you can just peel one off and then
pop it back on and I think that's quite
a cool feature to make sure they all
stay together and to complement my
matchsticks
I bought the fancy Beauty portable
contour and concealer brush pretty much
the same identical packaging except this
one is a gloss packaging again they're
magnetized so they all slots together
let's take a look at that brush the
bristles are again the same kind of
fluffy pink nudie shades let's go off
with the concealer we've got shared
linen paper onto the back of my hand
feels a little bit dry
I'm gonna use my finger and just press
that concealer over my blemishes and
pigmentation now I'm gonna move to the
fun TDT brush and just try and blend it
out anything let's just try and roll it
straight from the bullet okay that's a
little bit better
I'm also going to be a little bit brave
and take that concealer into the under
eye area stupidly I didn't actually buy
a lighter stick so I don't actually have
an even lighter shades
I would never usually use a concealer
stick or a hard concealer like this for
the under eye area I don't actually mind
it it's not the sleekest and smoothest
of concealers I've ever tried again it
does feel quite dry but it has applied
and it has definitely made a difference
slide much better taking it straight
from the bullet rather than applying it
on my hand and then using my finger it
was definitely too dry for that my
mistake and it's gonna carry on just
roll in that over those pigmented areas
and then using my brush to blend it out
once again I'm gonna take that concealer
in the under eye area
now that our concealer is applied let's
move on to contour I have the amber
contour stick from the light 100
matchstick set let's go for it oh this
is a nice shade take that on my forehead
and under my chin using the same contour
and concealer brush I'm just gonna blend
it out that is such a nice shade the
shade of this contour stick is stunning
it is that perfect kind of cool toned
contour where it just feels like a
natural shadow that you've applied to
your face and the highlight I have the
Fenty Beauty star-struck stick
highlighter this is such a stunning kind
of pinky pearlescent highlight I'm gonna
run this straight across the highest
point of my cheeks and let's take a look
oh that's pretty so pretty when the
light hits it it's not like one of those
blind in Instagram highlights instead
what it's giving us is that really
beautiful pearlescent shimmer that when
you turn your head then it's noticeable
I have another product for you guys to
see the Fenty beauty by Rihanna kilowatt
3 style highlighter duo lightning dust
and fire
still let's see what they look like
palette looks beautiful and when we open
it oh god am I gonna break my nail I
literally can't open it do we remember
where this is the fenty Beauty duo
highlight palette on one side we have
two shades fire crystal and the other is
lightning dust this is the 120 cheek
hugging highlight brush let's have a
look this brush has been specifically
carved fit the highest points of your
cheeks going to take the Shadle
lightning dust and just very gently run
that along the highest points of my
cheeks I think I'd go to say that I
preferred the lightning dust over the
star stick this one feels a tad more
glittery this one was slightly easier to
blend I'm gonna go ahead and apply the
other one which is the shade of fire
crystal gonna take that on top of that
star stick I was not expecting it to
kind of just burn as much as it did
holy-shit blends that out slightly that
it's not going anywhere that is so
shimmery oh my god that's amazing so
we've got natural to burn I cannot stop
staring at it
that is insane I'm gonna take what's
left on that brush and just run that
across the highest point of my cheeks
let's finish up that base with a touch
of powder I have the fancy Beauty by
Rihanna and visit matte blotting powder
it is in the shade Universal literally
the only shade comes in and this is the
power it's that kind of sleek glossy
white palette with the same fancy Beauty
logo on the top comes with just a little
tiny puff if you like to just use a
sponge to blot your skin incredibly it's
a fingerprint there's definite signs of
a fingerprint touching the powder in
this top corner here I also purchased
the portable topper brush and very
similar I think to the concealer and
contour and shimmer brush I think that
we saw an opened earlier could really be
a very similar if not the same product
oh it is not it's a very fluffy brush
I'm gonna take my really cute portable
top up brush and
go ahead and blot to any kind of shiny
areas that may be on my skin so here's
the thing as far as powder goes
especially a bottom powder I don't
really have any kind of oily areas I
also did in fact by the fancy beauty by
Rihanna in busy matte blotting paper but
again I don't really need to block
anything right now I will show these to
you obviously really cute kind of
chamber that's got a little mirror on it
when you open it pop your papers in
there pull one out and then that fits
through the grid system and then you can
just rip it off as and when you need it
that's genius that is bloody genius and
you can also buy refills with this that
really does make me happy and excitement
the final product that I have for you
guys today is the fancy Beauty by Briana
gloss balm this is the universal lip
Luminizer this has a bit of a mirror
finish on the cap but not sure I'm
feeling that cap to be honest I get the
fact that it could be used as a mirror
which would be super useful if you just
want to pop your lipstick on but it's on
the lid and you can't really look at the
lid if you're applying using the lid
let's see what the actual product is
like
that is such a nice color oh my god is
that nice just look so shimmery it's so
natural so radiant it literally looks
like my lips but better it does feel a
little bit tacky I would kind of worry
about wearing it on a windy day all of
this hair and a glossy lip but probably
wouldn't work out too well for me I
think this is my new handbag lip product
because that is I literally am I'm so
sure Briana doesn't actually have any
brows or eye product in her makeup range
yet so I'm just gonna fill those in and
I'll be right back finally this is the
finished look it is an almost full face
using funky Beauty by Rihanna there was
some product that I was super impressed
with and literally blown away by however
there were also products that I do feel
a little bit disappointed with and I was
just hoping that I would love them that
I would adore them and that they would
work really well and I'd be really happy
with them and I'd use them in like every
video sadly that didn't turn out to be
the case today overall I've had a super
positive experience trying these fancy
beauty products today the staff on the
concession stand in Harvey Nichols were
kind they were nice they were not rude
in any way it was super helpful and
helping me locate all of the products
that I needed I just feel like the
foundation and concealer they were just
too maps for me and that is the things
that hurts me the most because I really
really wanted to like these products I
think I'm just gonna hold out for the
dewy or radiant version that hopefully
fingers crossed I mean I don't even know
I'm just gonna hope that they release
one in the future let me know what you
guys think in the comments section down
below have you tried any of these
products and out of all of the ones that
I tried today which was your favorite do
let me know in that comment section
because I would love to hear your
thoughts thank you so much for watching
guys if you'd like to see more product
reviews and testing videos you can click
here or here thanks for watching don't
forget to subscribe and I'll see you
guys soon
bye
