hi guys and welcome back today we have a
back-to-school special and I'm bringing
you an acne coverage brush makeup look
here in the UK many schools don't
actually allow you to wear makeup mine
kind of started like that by the end of
it kind of went to school but pink hair
and black eyeliner all over my eyelid in
today's video I've given a budget and
blowout option for each product you are
on a tight budget then this video can
still work for you don't forget to give
it a big thumbs up hit that subscribe
button and let's get started let's start
with primer today's budget option is the
NYX photogenic primer and my blowout is
the Smashbox photo finish primer light
I'm actually going to start with the
Smashbox studio finish and using my
fingers I'm just gonna very gently apply
that all over my skin if you're looking
for something super natural to just even
out your skin tone or maybe you want to
cover your acne naturally great budget
option is something like the Rim or BB
cream great blowout option could be
something like the it's cosmetics CC
cream if you are looking for something
that is more of a traditional foundation
than an incredible budget option is the
Primark my perfect color perfect
finished foundation and your blowout
similar option is something like the
makeup forever
Ultra HD foundation I'm gonna take the
Primark my perfect color perfect finish
foundation and show you exactly how
great a budget product really can be
moving on to my favorite product of all
time concealer I have two different
palette options today the NYX conceal
and correct contour palette trowel and
derma color camouflage cream this is
actually my favorite concealer palette
of all time and to make things even
better it's really not even that
expensive now that my base is pretty
much nailed I'm going to move on to my
brows for a budget option I have the
Fleur to force an earlier brow pencil I
have the benefit precisely my brow a
brow pencil and very similar product
only this one has a spoolie on the end
gonna go for our budget option the Fleur
to force a lower pencil and I'm gonna go
ahead and fill in my brows to set my
brows we have the Maybelline brow a
filler brow gel or the wire Sal catcher
brow I'm actually gonna go for the
Maybelline brow filler brow gel because
this is literally one of my favorite
brow product but I'm gonna show you a
really basic simple eyeshadow looks it
may just get you through the rule or if
you want to just add that natural pace
down look will keep you looking fresh
all day budget option is the Maybelline
the blushed nudes eyeshadow palette
day's blow up option is if I can pick it
up that open Decay Naked 3 palette I'm
gonna start by taking the shade limit
and just apply that into the crease
and for the inner corner of my eye I'm
taking the shade strange if your school
does indeed have a no makeup policy then
I would certainly lead the eyeshadow
there today if your school does in fact
allow you to wear makeup these two
shades here trick and blitz are perfect
choices to go for I'm gonna go for the
shade blitz across the lid if you want
to live dangerously and go for some
hella thick lashes and these are two
mascaras that will do just that my
favorite budget option is the Maybelline
the colossal Big Shot mascara blowout
option the Clinique chubby lash mascara
I'm gonna take the budget option the
Maybelline colossal Big Shot because
this one is incredible value for money I
really do want to keep this look as
fresh and age-appropriate as possible
I'm not actually going to be applying
any contour products today I'm going to
go straight for a liquid blush the
budget is the bourgeois aqua blush
blowout is the Daniel Sandler watercolor
blush I'm going to go for the drugstore
budget option now that we have a flush
of color across our cheeks I'm going to
finish up the under eye area but your
option is the collection lasting
perfection concealer my blowout
option is the Tarte shape tape concealer
I'm going to keep it super affordable
and I'm gonna go for the collection
lasting perfection
to set my base today I've just got one
Universal product the Vichy dermablend
powder this is a great powder to use if
you're wearing a BB cream or even if you
have a full coverage foundation or maybe
you just want to set your concealer in
place to get you through the day finish
up with a coat of mascara on those under
eye lashes to add a touch of something
special to this look I'm going to apply
a very small amount of highlight once
your option is something like the makeup
revolution vivid baked highlighter is
something like the cover effects
moonlight highlight could be an
incredible choice he's in my Real
Techniques fan brush I'm going to take a
very small amount of that highlight
across the highest points of my cheeks
let's work on those lips one thing that
I think is super important is to go for
a natural looking shade anything that I
can eat and drink and not have to worry
about the color of my lips is the
perfect option for me my budget option
today is the sleek power pink crayon lo
at option is the makeup for other
artists lip blush in the shade oh my god
I actually have no idea at 91 today I'm
gonna go for that drugstore option which
is the sleek power plump I am just gonna
take that across my lips
and one final products every girl in my
school or maybe a micro root of
girlfriends everybody had like their
favorite perfume and they would only
ever wear that perfume I'll be back in
my day the impulse body spray I have two
really beautiful fragrances that I
wanted to give you as options today as
well the budget option would be the
zoella gelato really gorgeous body mist
it's in like it kind of like a ceramic
bottle which is really sweet and I
freaking loved Zoe's packaging it looks
so gorgeous
if you do feel like going for that big
blowout option or maybe you've got a
little birthday money or Christmas money
leftover favorite favorite fragrance
when I was in high school the Viktor and
Rolf flower bomb I will never get tired
of wearing flower bomb - everything
about the scent everything about the
bottle I oh my god I love this perfume
these are my two fragrance picked in and
they smell incredible - and this is the
finished look it's a really natural a
fresh looking barely-there
makeup look course if you are allowed to
wear as much makeup as you want go from
that smoky eye go for that cut crease go
for which other makeup look you want to
weigh I don't want to say like back in
my day I hated school but seriously back
in my day I freakin hated school now
that I'm out of school and have been for
a short I short I mean a long time all I
can think about is going to college or
going to school again learning something
new I am possessed with learning and I
hope you guys enjoy school if you don't
enjoy it I hope it goes by very quickly
for you thank you so much for watching
guys I hope you enjoyed this look I hope
you like this video please do remember
to give it a huge thumbs up and don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you guys soon bye
