hi guys and welcome back I have a treat
in store for you guys today I've got
another unusual skin care products
today's products as choice it's in maxi
Mass this is a French branded beauty
mask that works with your own skin care
preparation and enhances their effect
maxi mask is a temperature controlled
electrically heated of God this is going
to go horribly wrong it's in their face
mask to which a moistened sponge mass is
attached and then applied to the face
what the hell you put a sponge on your
face and then you put this on top after
the phone oh oh god this is the maxi
Bertha sorry so where do not use if the
person is helpless infant or insensitive
to heat won't put it on someone who's
helpless let's just give that we also
have these rather unusual looking
Spanish masks
I'd only have ever looked as much like a
thumb in my life we have some operating
instructions do not fall asleep during
the treatment whilst the appliance is
plugged in number one it's dangerous
number two can you imagine rolling over
and seeing this staring at you and the
face two in the morning an anti-wrinkle
treatment why the masks directly to
cleanse skin for 10 to 15 minutes remove
the mask to reveal a youthful radiant
skin up to six hours for moisturizing
apply your moisturizer as usual lie your
masking mask to your face for about 10
minutes this process can be repeated as
often as you wish so with that in mind
let's try it out I am just going to plug
up my mask ends going to switch the dial
on to hi oh the light is lit up we're
going to leave this on the side so I
kind of keep up wait five minutes it's
so warm it's like when you hold your
hands around a really hot mug of coffee
I'm going to run the sponge under a warm
tap for a couple of minutes and then we
will have a sponge allure ready to go
I've squeezed that pretty much always
feel lay the moist sponge on the mark
and that's sponge warm
up through about ten minutes flying a
moisturizer or other care products to
your face I'm just going to pop that on
my skin's I think it's now just time to
basically do it and apply that of god
this is so weird oh my god what am i
doing
Oh what am I doing with my life there's
still so weird a little bit issues but I
think that because of the texture of the
sponge underneath I'm gonna bring my
hair back down because I feel like it it
makes me look less like a 10-month and I
let stick I'm looking pretty freaking
attractive right now I'm getting good
sure what's going on with these knows I
am mouth holes they're not really in the
right place currently have this on a
high heat doesn't feel like my face is
burning it just feels like a radiator is
kind of stuck to my face I'm going to
leave this on for a couple of minutes if
I feel like it's too much so maybe I'll
knock it down
so the mask is now been on my face for
around 5 minutes and apart from the fact
that it's flipping that on my upper lip
it feels a little bit sweaty by a little
I mean a lot even my chin feels like
it's sweating I'm going to keep going
all in the name of beauty I'll check
back in with you guys did a few minutes
feel like I kissed face time my
boyfriend and asked him if he would
still love me if we came from to me
wearing this every day
let's um pick some stuff oh it's time
are you ready oh that's so much better
even my ears are sweaty fast when we are
back my face oh oh my face off so gross
and my cheeks have come out quite pink
and blot shoot oh and also by here is
what I've I just touched my face again I
know that my skin loves this it
cosmetics moisturizer that pink nose is
probably caused by a combination of the
heat from the mouth and the sponge when
I first took the mask off I kind of feel
that moisturizer like sitting on top of
my skin and then on top of the
moisturizer they felt like there is a
sweaty layer or is it was like a layer
of water moisture from you
from the mask it feels moisturized it
feels pretty plump as it makes any
difference to my wrinkles after a few
minutes
no it's basically be hard so you know
that post facial feeling you get where
your skin feels really hydrated and it
feels really luxurious
you can get a very similar sensation by
just putting a washcloth on your face
for like ten minutes
I paid eighty ninety five for the maxi
mask gift that it's not the worst eight
ninety five I've ever spent in terms of
the maxi masks claims to increase the
efficacy of skincare products get rid of
your wrinkles in like two minutes I'm
not really sure that I'm buying that
it's this one more of a cotton rather
than a really cheap scratchy foam it
might be slightly more enjoyable to use
but would I recommend it as a serious
beauty product definitely not
considering the heat in Alamance doesn't
actually heat up the mask evenly the
velcro is actually too big for my head I
didn't really see a difference I can't
really recommend it today guys but I had
a lot of fun using this but probably for
all the wrong reasons I feel like you
guys should kind of join the maxi mask
Club and we can look like sexy weirdos
together I'm glad to have you back thank
you so much for watching this video let
me know what you guys think of the maxi
mask in the comment section down below
have you tried it would you buy it let
me know thank you so much for watching
and if you'd like to see more with and
wonderful product reviews then you can
click here or here thanks for watching
guys don't forget to subscribe I'll see
you guys soon well
