hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm talking you through how to do
this super easy
Walmart diffused smokey eyes makeup
looks today's look with creative use in
the Urban Decay Naked keep palette this
launches in the UK tomorrow this is the
looks that I created using this palette
so if you want to find out how I did it
and what I thought just keep watching to
make sure that we've got an even I
shadow base to start off with I'm going
to take a small amount of the Make Up
For Ever Ultra HD concealer and just
lens that out across my eyelid and to
set that concealer I'm using the it
cosmetics bye bye poured powder this is
just a really pretty translucent pressed
powder for my eyeshadow today I have the
brand new Nikki heat palette a little
information in the description box down
below this is a really beautiful looking
palette it's full of so many amazing
warm tones shadows I'm going to start
off by taking the shade source and to
apply that all over the lid and that
will be our base color following on with
the shade key double I'm just going to
take that into the outer corner of my
eye moving on to the shade Cayenne take
that into the inner and outer corners of
my eye once again I'm going to move on
to the shade NC you go I think that's
how you say it I'm just going to take
that into the outer corners of those
eyes I'm going to leave my eyeshadow
base for now and just move on to my
brows today I have the benefit precisely
my brow brow pencil and this is in shade
number three and to set my brows I'm
using the Maybelline brow precise brow
filler and this is in the shade dark
blonde I'm going to go back to that
naked heat pallet take the shape key
double and just run that along the lower
lash line
I'm also going to follow on to shave can
and finish up with a small amount of
ends you go I'm going to curl my lashes
and other coat of mascara today I'm
using the it cosmetics superhero mascara
now I didn't really like this the first
time I use it I'm going to give it
another chance and another shot today
now that I feel like my eye shadow is
pretty much nailed it's time to move on
to base today I'm using the Maybelline
fit me matte and poreless foundation
this is in shade 1 and 5 I'm just going
to apply that all over my skin and get
rid of those pesky breakout and go along
with a good flawless finish going back
to the Make Up For Ever Ultra HD
concealer can feel any pesky dark
circles
and for any breakouts still showing
through and taking the Maybelline master
camo concealer palette if to set my base
I'm using the it cosmetics bye bye pores
pressed powder I'm going to move on to
warming up my skin slightly I'm using
the Kat Von D shade and light palette
I'm going to take a mixture at the
lightest contour shade and the darkest
powder to contour today and to highlight
I'm using the benefits and align twin
core powder to finish up the inner
corner of my eyes I'm going to take a
small amount of the shade Alps gently
apply about using a small pencil brush
to that inner tear duct area and to
finish up the eyes I'm using the Marc
Jacobs pink of me matte Highliner
bring the whole look together I'm using
the Urban Decay vice liquid lipstick and
this is a mistake amulet
this is the finished look we've got a
really soft warm diffused
smoky glam looks going on today I really
enjoy doing this I shadow look using the
naked heat palette but it did take me
three attempts to film this video today
maybe I was having a bad makeup day or
maybe I was just really struggling with
the naked heat palette whatever I was
doing with my eyeshadow just came out
muddy I don't know if I just lost the
ability to do eye makeup well today I
don't know it took me three attempts to
get here terms of the shades in the
naked heat palette I really really liked
the matte eyeshadows I struggled with
nearly every single shimmer shadow that
I tried as soon as I did this I makeup
look without the shimmers I was really
kind of feeling that it would be good
for work it could be good for parties it
could be good for date night could be
good for casual Sunday just going to the
supermarket I didn't really like that
eyeshadow look that that is using it
without well there's a little bit
of shimmer in the tear duct let me know
what you guys think in the comments
section down below did you like how the
palette looks on the eyes would you buy
it would you try it if you'd like to see
more makeup tutorials you can click here
and for weird and wonderful product
reviews click here thanks for watching
guys don't forget to subscribe I'll see
you guys soon bye
