Einstein once said that insanity is
constantly doing the same thing over and
over and expecting to see different
results what would you do if you were
stuck in one place and every day was
exactly the same okay some mornings
definitely aren't my thing but isn't it
funny how one little change can actually
make quite a big difference and as the
great Phil Conners once said I'm not
going to live by their rules anymore
so what's stopping you my makeup free
routine is actually pretty simple try to
make things as stress-free as product 3
and as complication 3 as possible first
of all I'll cleanse using the Olay Daly
facials sensitive skin of course
for the rest of my routine I just like
to keep it simple to moisturize using
the Olay whips this is the Regenerist
version but it does actually come in
three different types and styles this
Total Effects and luminous for those
days when you want that touch of extra
glow I love really intense moisturizers
but I hate that kind of greasy oil slick
look that you can often get from them
this one actually has a matte finish so
you wouldn't have to worry about running
out the door after applying it if you
are in fact running late but I mean
let's face it if you're skipping the
makeup but you definitely aren't gonna
be running out that door you've got more
time that 20 minutes of makeup stress
can easily switch to making a dent in
your emails or even making time for you
before you leave for the day now don't
get me wrong I still like to wear makeup
on
sometimes a daily basis sometimes not
but I don't let it define me I wear it
for me when I want to so when it comes
to beauty I'm not gonna live by their
rules anymore so what's stopping you
