the products that I have for you guys
today is quite possibly the most
requested foundation of all time on my
channel this foundation kind of has the
nickname of the world's most full
coverage foundation and if you have
worked out what I'm talking about just
yet it is the derma chol makeup cover
foundation I paid around 12 pounds which
is roughly 15 US dollars or each of the
derma core foundations it's meant to be
really great at covering your skin and
giving you a really flawless base
provides perfect coverage for all skin
imperfections perfect corrector for dark
under eye circles unpleasant spots and
skin blemishes lie in very small
quantity and spread evenly one thing
that I did read online is that the
binnacle foundation apparently contains
50% pigment which is why a lot of people
are calling it the world's most full
coverage foundation however the RCM a
foundation which we tried a couple of
weeks ago is one of the best foundations
I have ever tried also contains 50%
pigment I actually have three of these
foundations today because I wasn't sure
on which shades like me just going to
pop a small amount of that onto the back
of my hand
we have shades pure 7 shows 208 and
shades 210 I'm actually going to apply
my foundation in two different ways
today on this side of my face i'm going
to apply using a foundation brush on
this side i'm going to apply and blend
using my Real Techniques miracle
complexion sponge I'm just going to go
for a small like a fingernail or
pea-sized amount and just start to dot
it over my skin I'm just going to take
my foundation brush from the inside and
work outwards oh there's definitely sole
coverage there's no denying that I have
so much regret with the amount of
products that I have on my face right
now why did I put so much on my skin
just going to do my best to try and
blend that foundation out i don't
remember using a foundation that had
such an oil slick feeling on the skin it
definitely did move about quite a lot
when we look at the ingredients it's
very easy to see why ask the top three
ingredients one of them is paraffin um
liquid um so liquid paraffin and other
one is paraffin that's a lot of mineral
oil on the skin if it has done quite a
good job of covering that redness I look
a little bit like The Tin Man it's that
shiny even though it is a similar color
to my skin it does look a little bit too
light for me I'm going to move on to the
other side of my face going to try shade
207 and I'm going to apply that using my
Real Techniques miracle complexion
sponge it's going to start with three
dots
that's definitely a better color for my
skin I'm going to continue and carry on
dotting that Foundation and blending it
up now one thing that does bother me
about this foundation is how shiny it is
it's not the type of foundation that you
can just throw it on without putting a
powder on and run out the door you can
still see a few small areas of
pigmentation here and also on my temple
here otherwise most the pigmentation is
gone it is set my base using my Ben Nye
neutral set powder this powder never
lets me down it always works it never
looks cakey and I just love how this
looks on my skin as a foundation kind of
sucked in quite a lot of that powder not
the most natural-looking of foundation
I'm just going to apply some light
makeups to get me looking a little bit
more awake and a less beige and let's
see where we are at
now that my makeup is done I feel like
I'm ready to go on and take on the day
it's done an amazing job as covering up
my dark circles my breakouts and my
pigmentation you can definitely tell
that I am wearing foundation there's
kind of no denying that fantasy a little
bit of pigmentation around here that
could be because I applied it using the
sponge so maybe it's slightly too sheer
and that is heightened by the fact that
there's quite a lot of powder suspect
that because it was such a liquid
foundation it doesn't have that kind of
second skin quality that the RCM a has
where it looks super natural and it
really didn't look like I was wearing
anything other than those few problem
areas I don't really have any issues of
it right now so because what I'm going
to do I'm going to leave this foundation
on my face for as long as possible today
and I will check back in with you guys
in a couple of hours and let you know
how I'm getting on hey guys it's around
1:30 a.m. my foundation has now been on
my skin for over nine hours I'm
definitely feeling quite tired my face
is looking quite tired too we've got a
lot of cracking happening on my forehead
here I think that's from when I'm
frowning or from when I'm lifting my
brows my under-eye area is also looking
quite tired doesn't look cakey but it
has definitely sunken and fallen into
any fine lines that I do have we are
seeing quite a lot of that reactive skin
come in through the derma Col foundation
it is starting to wear in those areas
one thing about the derma Cole
foundation I have noticed is that my
face doesn't really look very oily it's
not looking excessively shiny and I
definitely don't have like a huge oil
slick on the tip of my nose I do have my
blotting papers see how much oil we can
pull off oh well started literally
hardly anything this is all the oils
that we've managed to pull off my skin
in nine hours usually I get at least one
sheet maybe one and a half sheets of oil
I haven't even filled a whole sheet the
derma Col and the Ben Nye did a
brilliant job I'm just not happy with
how that looked whenever you have
forehead crease
coupled with a lot of under-eye creasing
and patchiness
it definitely makes you look older than
you actually are
I feel quite blessed that I don't
actually have that many wrinkle however
the under eye area today would tell you
a different story
considering the derma Col has the same
level of pigmentation as the our CMA I
have to choose between the two of them I
would choose our CMA over derma call
every single time I'd love to hear what
you guys think let me know in the
comment section down below do you like
this foundation did you like how it
looks after 9 hours let me know what you
guys think thank you so much for
watching and to watch my soul foundation
testing series click here and for weird
and wonderful product reviews here don't
forget to subscribe and see you guys
soon alright
