hi guys hi guys we'd like to welcome you
to our very special youtubers the
Grenfell live fundraiser now the
residents and community of growth of the
Grenfell Tower in West London recently
suffered an unimaginable tragedy
following these events they've shown
such an amazing sense of community
solidarity support and strength tonight
is all about showing strength and
support from one community to another
and we wanted to find our way of not
only showing our support but also to
offer our help to those that need it
we're here to give you two hours of live
YouTube entertainment from the YouTube
space in London and if and if you guys
would like to get involved and make a
donation that would be incredible 100%
of the donations tonight go to the
Kensington and Chelsea foundation where
they are on the ground in the Grenfell
tower community helping those directly
affected by the fire every donation
helps and if you cannot donate today you
can still get involved by retweeting
using the youtubers for grenfell hashtag
and talking about it to your friends so
here are some ways that you can donate
and make a difference today
hi guys Jack may not hear what is our
people how's it going Olli weiter hello
it's Jack Howard hello Sammy here hi I'm
Lisa moon hi everyone its Suzy from
Hello October hello its me your
Mandeville and tonight is a night of
fund raising for those affected in the
Granville tell tragedy the YouTube
community is built on togetherness I
meani to extend further down the online
world we are so good at coming together
in a time of need and I'm sure we can do
it once in and so we want to offer all
the support we can to those who have
suffered so tragically in the fire
basically what we want to achieve
tonight is to raise as much money as
possible for the Granville tragedy
knowing that there are so many people
I'm willing them forward and it's going
to be hopefully really encouraging for
them because like I said we can't we
can't imagine what they've been through
so all we can do really is offer them
support what you personally can do to
help this is just give as much as you
can and that can be fifty pence a pound
upwards to hundreds and thousands of
pounds if you can afford that I mean why
not give it if you can it doesn't matter
how little or much you donate videos you
please please do give what you can
please donate using the link on screen
if you can donate whatever you can and
the link in the description box below or
that is on the screen now and even if
you can't donate please spread the word
because there might be others who can
donate thank you so much for giving
everything that you can that money is
going to go a long way and really affect
people who could really do with a hand
right now I'd like to say a massive
thank you in advance from myself and
from the rest of the YouTube community
every donation big or small really does
help so thank you so much for watching
thank you so much for donating and we'll
see you again soon okay
thank you so much and I'll see you all
very soon thanks guys
hi guys we're Niki and Sammy and we're
going to be here with you throughout the
livestream as well thank you to those
amazing youtubers contributed we've also
got some special collaborations
happening here in the studio as well and
you guys can get involved by using hash
tag hash tag youtubers for Grem fo and
we'll be reading out some of your tweets
later on yeah it's gonna be on the
screen throughout the night so you've
got no excuse not to get involved but
first we have an amazing performance
from the wonderful musical Bethan
you
you
good friend
Skiba night and special place
me
the way we bounce
your eyes
so I was close
smile with you as we gaze goodbyes
I
cuz I smell you now we brought that for
some time
I've been terrified I smell you
from say where my
tell strangers we are
ah
wait touch of feels I can't lose again
this guy could you stay
cuz I smell you now we wrote that for
some size
I've been so terrified us to say
as I as many
around let's keep a knight and a special
place
oh boy
I'll remember how yeah let's me
because sighs my
cuz its size
never boot that by size
I've been so terrified just sayin
I value
that was so good
brilliant thank you so much better that
song was amazing
we're now joined here with some amazing
creators let's introduce you we've got
rose and Rosie over here yeah I think we
like to keep it live energetic and happy
everyone so every time we say name on a
clap and a round of applause please
we'll just try it one more time so rose
and Rosie Rosie everyone we also have
mrs. Armstrong and I love you Michelle
okay Beauty in the vlog vlog I'm
laughing we just had a discussion about
what I was gonna say beauty in the blog
so thanks to Joanna's going here thanks
joy
we're surrounded by so many amazing
craters so we thought to take some time
just to chat you all find out if you're
enjoying being here what you're looking
forward to we've got some exciting
segments coming up haven't we we have
and we're gonna chance Doug about
something exciting as well in a second
let's just chat amongst ourselves what
are you most excited for tonight you
give us any clues to what you're doing
oh I'll tell you what I'm not excited
for my segment with Rosie video give
them a clue though cuz I've got a really
good kisser
Thank You Makena I just love a really
good clear though take on it's something
that our audience has been wanting us to
for a long time that's true we've never
done before and it's very physical on
edge I'm on edge is it like eg its
universe I can do this challenge yeah
yeah okay so stay tuned for something
spicy Internet spicy not like sauce ya
know so Doug hello
what kind of spit more but what you been
doing what you don't um I have been busy
the last few days working on a little
something oh I will be uploading in the
next hour - okay well so for me the way
I like to express my emotions is through
music a lot of time so I decided to
write song about the Grenfell and just a
sort of yeah
and inspire people to sort of be strong
like we're London we horrible things
happen but we've got to stick together
and like keep moving on my thing so that
is why I decided to write song and it
will be going up on my channel in about
an hour or two hopefully you check it
for I can't wait laughs Doug yeah just
finishing it you weren't on your
computer out there I was yeah some last
minute ads you guys we work until the
last moment and Michelle thank you so
much for being here are you excited for
the live stream what are your thoughts
sorry to interrupt but what your
thoughts on them the makeup situation to
be going on I'm excited to see what goes
on
yeah so excited to see what happened
I've been given him some some what
he should do good anything more extreme
then so why is this can you explain it
is it
lost what's gonna happen I'm not sure
what's gonna happen but I've just said
go over the top I think we should find
out what Michelle's talking about in a
second but first let's hear for some
more youtubers they want to get you to
donate
hi guys Jack may not hear what is our
people how's it going ollie whites here
hello its Jack Howard hello Sammy here
hi I'm Lisa moon I remind it's Suzie
from hello October hello it's me Amanda
Ville and tonight is a night of
fundraising for those affected in the
Grand Hotel tragedy the YouTube
community is built on togetherness I
mean to extend further than the online
world we are so good at coming together
in a time of need and I'm sure we can do
one sin and so we want to offer all the
support we can to those who have
suffered so tragically in the fire
basically what we want to achieve
tonight is to raise as much money as
possible for the Granville tragedy
knowing that there are so many people
behind them willing them forward and
it's going to be hopefully really
encouraging for them because like I said
we can't we can't imagine what they've
been through so all we can do really is
offer them support what you personally
can do to help this is just give as much
as you can and that can be 50 pence a
pound upwards to hundreds and thousands
of pounds if you can afford that I mean
why not give it if you can it doesn't
matter how little or much you donate
videos you please please do give what
you can please donate using the link on
screen if you can donate whatever you
can and the link in the description box
below or that is on the screen now and
even if you can't donate please spread
the word because there might be others
who can donate thank you so much for
giving everything that you can that
money is going to go a long way and
really affect people who could really do
with a hand right now I'd like to say a
massive thank you in advance from myself
and from the rest of the YouTube
community every donation big or small
really does help so thank you so much
for watching thank you so much for
donating and we'll see you again soon
right thank you so much and I'll see you
all very soon thanks guys hey guys so
I'm over here in our makeup challenge
area now you guys know that I love my
makeup and I love a good makeup
transformation now what better way to do
a transformation than to allow two guys
that know nothing about makeup to apply
makeup on to a beauty or fashion
youtuber so I'd like to introduce to you
guys to mark faris Luke couple and we
have Lexie from so
with luck and Zoey longer hello to these
two lovely non Beauty youtubers to apply
their makeup now guys how are you doing
today are you nervous are you ready to
apply some makeup firstly I'm really
annoyed that you say I know nothing
about makeup okay I have been revising
on my Zoe London YouTube channel what
date yeah really excited yeah okay how
about you mark how are you feeling
hmm gotta be honest I've done this
before but not on this fresh face I'm
gonna do my best
again and a you girls ready for the
challenge I mean yeah as ready as I can
be I feel I feel like I'm going to come
out a different person you hexie
confusing I'm very very ready
we aren't plan we've got a whole game
plans yeah do you know what kind of look
that you guys would like today I mean
I'd like a glamorous look really I don't
know how Luke feels about that but
you're good you know I want about you
mark what look do you feel like you're
going to create today we're also gonna
be going down the glamorous fruit today
okay so now you guys have some team
names for this today so I would like to
start by introducing team Yas yeah and
on the other side we have team Queen
so here's what we need you guys to do at
home if you'd like to get involved and
vote for your winner today how you can
vote is by heading over to our just
given page just giving calm /youtube is
for Granville and to vote you have to
make a donation to the charity doesn't
matter if it's a pounds doesn't matter
if it's ten pounds you make a donation
and in the comment section leave team
Yass or team Queen at the end of the
session we will count up the votes and
the person with the most comments wins
so if you'd like more information on how
to donate just watch these I'm so sorry
I can't be there to support in person
I'm actually out of the country when the
livestream is taking place but I wanted
to send you a little bit of a message
just to say I think you're amazing
I think this livestream is such a --nt
awesome idea last week I was absolutely
gutted horrified to see what would
happen at groennfell Tower on the news
and I think it's amazing what you're
doing to help support this community
especially so all of youtube coming
together because we're a community were
from all different walks of life all
different backgrounds but we have so
much in common and we always come
together to kind of support each other
and I think it's amazing to be able to
come together and help support such an
awful awful awful tragedy I think
anything that you guys can do to help
this community would be so so
appreciated there's going to be a link
below I know at on screen where you guys
can donate to the community and if you
can't donate if you don't have any cash
at the moment to donate make sure you
share the link for this livestream
spread it as far as you can so the more
people to see it the more money we can
raise thank you very much and for
organizing such an awesome livestream
I'm so sorry again I can't be there in
person to participate and help support
but I am thinking of you all and good
luck with the fundraising and yeah lots
of love see you soon guys
we're back in the studio and I think
Nikki I think it's time for our first
challenge I would agree yeah it's time
for the whisper challenge so our first
challenge is the renowned whisper
challenge and we've got two amazing
youtubers they're gonna take part
against each other I almost feel sorry
for them actually
yeah because we've written out there
actually we've got all youtubers in the
room to write out the phrases for the
whisper challenge but we'll get onto
that in a second so actually taking part
in this challenge we have wonderful Emma
blackery everyone Emma how are you I'm
fine thank you very much no not a
problem okay you trying to realize I
felt kind of nervous until you just said
my name I'm like oh no I can swear we'll
do anything back he's fine we get your
point over do you have a game plan um I
have played the whisper challenge quite
a few times with Luke over there
painting Zoey's face um so I might be
okay it core phrases are a little more
normal than what oh you're fine you're
fine
I mean youtubers wrote them so probably
not probably just like and subscribe
yeah that's real the competition the
competition is mr. Casey Barker Casey
tell you are you getting a bit nervous
now I know if I just played it a few
times a faith once I can't lip-read
don't worry I'm not gonna go well are we
gonna get some game game talk here um
any tactics I'm just applying to get me
tell my detector easy and I think yes
yes okay so shall we begin everyone is a
champion
okay so we've got a selection of music
here on my on my phone I was tempted to
go with kpop faces like know Emma's
saying yes so if you want anything I'll
take it
so for everyone that doesn't know how
the whisper challenge works basically
one of our lovely contestant is putting
a headphone on and they're not be able
to hear the other person the other
person is gonna take a card has a lovely
sentence we're on it and they'll be
saying it quietly to them
whispering technically and they will
have to guess what they said you can see
how this is gonna go
maybe it's best if we just play it who
would like to go first should we get
Emma going first
ladies first
a toast Emma if you'd like to take the
headphones I'm not gonna put kpop on I
downloaded the hits UK charts om
oh I'm fine with okay are you doing that
Casey here's your card which might be
very confusing change we do that
yesterday it was our choice of on so am
k-pop here we go super loud yes it's
gonna be quite loud it's just there okay
it's not loading it's not loading you've
got there is a minute limit yeah hang on
give me two seconds there is okay right
so let's press play on a song is it too
loud no it needs to be louder make it
all the way up so that's applies it'll
go
okay let's choose an out let's choose
another song there we go yeah me has
always had trouble with technology is
something I've had to do is help my mum
okay let's get ready for the first round
here we go when I meet on the clock
please incoming
okay KC for president fly me from London
and by KC for President 2018 dance with
your body doing one KC for president
2018 guys next one next one
drop it run drop it around cut your
losses subscribe to Mr Black aru did you
get subscribe like and subscribe to Emma
blackery yeah make sure you whisper I
consider butter a carb build me up
buttercup
I consider butter a carb I'm a youtuber
No okay not wrong so next one no I'd be
swearing at this point yeah you're doing
well really well okay
touch my bomb don't be shy I love the
Cheeky Girls
7:6 say that vibe clearly I touch my one
I'm on right I can reveal em I've got a
grand total of zero come on you've got
one I'm talking to you she got one
everyone that's good that's a good well
it's okay try it's a pretty good song
it's gonna be on
who was it there we go shiny yeah there
we go
you heard it here shines good it's now
KC's turn do you think he's gonna do all
right Lance yeah yeah okay right so this
to me
no no way which one well why not if I've
read it then I probably know it okay
that play can we have a minute on the
clock everyone yeah okay one minute on
the clock let's just get up on screen
we've got a minute on the clock
everything okay
two one begin talk to my iPad gently
tap-dancing chicken
no my iPad gently tap tap turns let's
skip that one
I'm ready for my cheesy closer but I
think you say chicken in everyone I'm
ready to get my chicken top on just go
slightly different decorate my cake
please I think it's weak slower decorate
my cake please this is so hard
uh pass 20 seconds left on the book
everyone I have really sweaty
I am i have really sweaty pits I need to
bathe I have a really sweaty I'm gonna
stop you there we can stick is another
sunny top three six one time ah okay I
can reveal that once I reveal that that
was Casey who absolutely zero whoa let
me never wins everyone
so what we doing now let's just get mo
to read this one a lot minute I have
really sweaty pits I need to bathe now
this advance load it's Twitter thank you
so much both for being involved in that
chatting thank you
it was terrible so what we're gonna do
now is go and check what you guys are
saying on Twitter in the social corner
hello I'm here with Dan and John how are
you guys doing yeah we're doing good
thank you really good really fun so what
you're looking forward to tonight I'm
looking forward to seeing ROS and Rosie
get their sweat on is going to be
incredible also looking forward to the
not my hands challenge what you think
how sweaty do you think rows and rows
you're gonna go might be quite sweaty to
be honest and I have not moved much so
and what what tweets have you seen so
far out on social just everyone's been
really positive really enjoying it and
everyone coming together for this great
cause yeah it's great
nice one thanks guys and over to over 2n
hey hey so I'm joined by Jamie Gary
Esther and Roly hi guys thanks Emily and
so how are you all and why was it so
important for you guys to get involved
it's like walking dead in here like the
zombie suggestion so how are you and why
was it so important for you guys to get
involved today well coming from an
old-school youtuber like myself from
back in the day it's nice to see
everyone from the community coming
together to help others and instead of
talking about clicking this and
subscribing to that to help other people
for a change and why is it so important
to support other communities I think
supporting every community is important
I mean we all live in London London's
our home and just the spirit and the
sense of togetherness and one it makes
you feel you know safe happy and really
comfortable and what about you really
well I think I like when you grow
following and stuff it's so easy to kind
of become a little bit encapsulated and
not do kind of things for yourself but
to be able to come out and help so many
people out here he'll need the support
from this isn't like great think use our
community is positive
like there so and what do you think at
the makeup challenge that's going on
behind us Jamie I'm excited to see the
results I'm personally gonna vote Queen
gasps so and who have you got your eye
on on the makeup challenge I have a got
my eye on it's been a long time since
someone's an outcall we just broke I
can't eat grinder clicking in the
background for you do what you got to do
on my age I say team y'all about us so
who's your favorite weed team Queen yet
in Queens
okay so we're gonna be here all evening
guys to make sure that you keep donating
and keep your messages coming in as we
might read them out on screen and now
we've got now we're going to move over
to another special musical performance
and we have the wonderful Talia ma who
has written a song called human all
about how she feels about the Granville
community and communities coming
together so over to you Talia MA
you
we spend the time by the hour doing
everything it takes wanna gain the power
and we want the truth and so fight til
we got it another one hearts we don't
run off and get it what do we do and
just begin uh the one thing the breakers
is the one thing maker so sinner we
don't care about the papers or the
headlines it'll take away from us cos
we're strong when we fight no one will
ever be left behind
one left behind one every heart combined
some no one left behind so long as we
have a say more left behind on every
heart combined some don't let behind so
long as with the walk away one thing
like a break us is the one thing that
will make us all stand up we don't care
about the papers or the hell as it'll
take away from us cos we're strong
when we fried no one will ever be left
behind we do it with two men cuz we're
gonna big that was amazing that was
incredible that was incredible thank you
so much so much it's Harley amar
everyone and you wrote this song
specifically for today can you tell us a
bit about the writing process and how
you got to where you got to em well I
mean obviously it was because you don't
plan these things like these like live
streams and stuff it was quite quick
yeah um but I feel like when you like
really strongly feel something and you
you definitely have a massive sense of
community like when you think about
what's happened and stuff I feel like it
just kind of came out in like blue
cheese it's very possible like you did
it so quickly as well literally two days
over there two days and it was just such
a hit and we love it here so where can
people find that afterwards oh I don't
know you vent your YouTube channel right
yeah yeah I mean I'm probably gonna
upload it but it's not yes okay I'll
keep an eye on ya but thank you ever so
much to Talia Mar amazing thank you oh
good I'm like hey guys so you guys have
been donating all evening and we really
can't thank you enough
and I've just been told that the grand
total so far is a little bit over two
thousand eight under
thank you thank you so much to everyone
who has already donated please do keep
your donations coming in because every
penny counts and 100% of proceeds go to
the Kensington and Chelsea foundation
who are on the ground and the Grenfell
community now the fund is so so
important and that's just one of the
ways that you can get involved now
tonight it's all about the YouTube
community coming together and if you
haven't already here's how you can get
involved hello hello this is Dan this is
Phil hopefully you're all tuned in and
supporting the youtubers for Grenfell
live Street yeah it's really important
that we all show our support by donating
we have that we want to see as many of
you - if you can yes but every person
that donates down will do 1,000 sit-ups
no I
why are you promising things because
it's are literally impossible okay you
don't need a reason you should just do
it because this is a good cause the
donate link is down below and make sure
that you are supporting this livestream
bye
okay it's time again the most
anticipated challenge of this evening
it's time for I'm gonna be honest this
is gonna be a huge letdown
please stop what we've been seeing a
12-time for another challenge this is
the yoga slash fitness challenge I don't
exercise before you know I don't don't
oh shoot
okay so we should we should let you know
that we are joined by mr. Leon Boston
from the lean machines everyone no I do
need to add straightaway you shady yoga
I liam doesn't bend doesn't end well
there's nothing much younger there's a
lot of lifting though a lot lifting
there's a lot of kamasutra kind of stuff
poking it on Twitter right now that is
not going down on that note that's the
Rose Room the audience
oh yeah on that note what are your
fitness levels give me like one stair
row like a - figure okay like like 20 -
50 who's got a hernia from sneezing
that's why she did it she's sneeze Wow
so the plan is the plan is we're you
know we get into livestream we need to
keep our energy levels up but we get a
rose and Rosie do that and Leon is gonna
be there drill sergeant and take them
through a fitness challenge and I after
that it's gonna be pink a lot more
challenging than we thought Liam yeah um
thanks guys they say I've been
rigorously planning this for hours upon
hours but I really haven't
so which thinking would do like a full
workout get really sweaty but yeah I
found out that you you had a hernia free
sneeze and I was like this could get
really messy really Christmas maybe now
after I've decided I'm gonna do I've
picked five exercises okay I'm gonna put
you as team one and Team two the
audience is gonna decide who wins each
exercise all right I'll show you how
it's done
okay and then you have to try and repeat
it and then the audience will tell you
or tell me who's the winner cuz jumping
around and go and crazy that's just
gonna be really restraint should we get
and voting with hashtag online oh you
can play online
yeah it goes all Rosie yeah you can -
Rose team Rosie you can do whatever you
like but in the in the audience because
obviously your names are very very close
to it together we're going to go team
Rose is team one okay I think Rosie is
team two good luck good luck right like
it I have to do after team I really make
my for in parking any injuries anything
new that I need to know about ladies
anything you can't do no I've been told
no jumping around because I want a flap
anywhere
right okay right so now we're like fine
right so first exercise if I said to you
yeah do don't push up okay what is one
of them would you do you want me to show
you yeah right so do don't push up
I'm not even I'm leaving to tell you
what John just gonna show you the
excited a man you can make your mind out
oh yeah we all do them that's the worm
let's have a fat dog crazy all right
you're up bed and if you just took me
through how you're feeling me doing it
we just get now let's get same
humiliation sexual no that was good I
think that was good
Rose can you improve upon that because
you can't have a competition and not
prove it you know pg-13 Rose okay I mess
it first exercise right so who thinks
Rose team-wide what they exercise and
Rosie yeah one point to Rosie right I'm
gonna make the next one a little bit
easier alright so this one is called a
walkthrough okay alright okay so you're
gonna start like this
yeah I saw be horrendous you thought
what great dancing didn't put anything
right okay so I definitely didn't
started that's 100 percent wrong event
god they're all right okay okay yeah and
then what we're gonna do yet hey yeah no
I rose telling the hashtag at the same
time
can I get some Huggies you choose
Roosevelt Petoskey you're up this is a
close competition so far I don't know
like on edge yeah this is riveting right
now yeah yeah yeah
masters getting cocky there's a lot of
swing going on that was something very
honk laughing right so screen for Team
Rose who think team Rose won this one
hey Rosie about the same answer all
right cool cool cool should we call this
one the decider then yes I've got a few
more in the bag but I'm not gonna go too
crazy okay why don't you buy the fitness
levels right Leon
oh okay no check prize for the last
exercise I'm gonna give you an option if
you want to Oh want to gain an extra
point okay I want to gain an extra point
this just got heated yeah think think
it's got real minute right so option
number one this is just for your normal
point down army well your brother than
legit right so if you want an extra
point down you were on your toes until
your knees guys this ain't happenin yeah
so I have my needle oh no like that what
is that yes with the knee the second
option so you get more points instead
you get two points if if you can do
anything have you got any I love that
you put your hands up okay cool yeah if
you wanna add in some freestyle moves
yes style style apps make your own make
it your own
okay silencing a provider by the way so
arrest something oh yeah yeah
right right zippy surf is good I just
said I my son okay he did it he did it
you did it yeah I Arana pause anyway the
challenge now Rosie's right are you
ready yeah
Rosie everyone's gonna see me yeah and
then clap then she burped my day namaha
that was good that was close to face
ball no just Lina and don't hurt
yourself I have I heard elbows are you
okay finally everybody who's watching
online
dee do you think one who do we think one
in the actual audience so team rose and
team Rosie it's pretty even so we're
going to put out for everyone who's
watching online you tell us and the
winner will win at the end something
probably is no sense it seems have
accomplished as you Saturday and
youtubers for grenfell and then hash tag
team Rosie or team rose and we'll have a
look at the end maybe yes yeah well come
on I have slightly excited to say though
we're gonna head over to em now and
check up on the makeup challenge awesome
hi guys so I'm over here in the makeup
corner where things are a little bit
different from the loud and sweaty
fitness section so team Yas and team
Queen how's it going team Yas
okay so twice so far I have missed Zoe's
eye socket with both eyeshadow and then
glitter so I'm kind of just turning in
like a festival look like it's sort of
raining glitter down her face it's gonna
be yes
yeah and how do you feel about you get
you go obviously can't see your look but
see No so I mean I trust Luke it keeps
every now and then turning around going
oh God
so we'll see how it goes it's definitely
something I'll say that much and and
Mark how is it how is it going over here
with Team Queen honestly I think we're
gonna win because I've I'm taking it
seriously I'm taking it seriously I
think she looks really good at the
minute we're going for a very glamorous
reality star look I'm actually really
impressed
no worries good eye Trevor eyes shut
would you I'll teach you off this how do
you feel do you feel like a pampered
like you've got a glam squad do you know
what I've been getting a lot of positive
feedback here so possible new career for
mark I think I think marks doing pretty
good I think he's smashing it actually
and so tonight maybe entertaining and
your favourites maybe here or be in the
beauty's but one thing that is important
is that you guys keep donating because
every penny counts and as much fun as
this is it is all for a good cause
so please do keep your donations coming
in you can head over to Just Giving calm
/youtube is for grenfell and for more
information check these out hi guys Jack
may not hear what is that people how's
it going Ollie weiter hello it's Jack
Howard hello Sammy here hi I'm Lee see
me hi everyone its Suzy from
October hello it's Amelia Manville and
tonight is a night of fundraising for
those affected in the Grand Hotel
tragedy the YouTube community is built
on togetherness and we need to extend
further than the online world we are so
good at coming together in a time of
need and I'm sure we can do 110 and so
we want to offer all the support we can
to those who have suffered so tragically
in the fire basically what we want to
achieve tonight is to raise as much
money as possible for the Granville
tragedy knowing that there are so many
people behind them willing them forward
and it's going to be hopefully really
encouraging for them because like I said
we can't we can't imagine what they've
been through
so all we can do really is offer them
support what you personally can do to
help this is just give as much as you
can and that can be 50 pence a pound
upwards to hundreds and thousands of
pounds if you can afford that I mean why
not give it if you can it doesn't matter
how little or much you donate videos you
please please do give what you can
please donate using the link on screen
if you can donate whatever you can and
the link in the description box below or
those on the screen now and even if you
can't donate please spread the word
because there might be others who can
donate thank you so much for giving
everything that you can that money is
going to go a long way and really affect
people who could really do with a hand
right now I'd like to say a massive
thank you in advance from myself and
from the rest of the YouTube community
every donation big or small really does
help so thank you so much for watching
thank you so much for donating and we'll
see you again soon hey thank you so much
and I'll see you all very soon thanks
guys everyone it's now time for another
challenge but before we get into that
you all just saw that VT is everyone in
the room please tweet the donation link
if you can't donate but if you can make
sure you click on it and anything helps
a pound 50 P do Gift Aid if you can and
that'll really help get that donation up
for the Kensington and Chelsea fund all
the information you need is down there
somewhere in the description anyway I
think it's time for another challenge
don't you
we've now got the knot my hands hallenge
okay so they're not my hands challenge
if you have been around YouTube for a
while you may have seen this once or
twice we're taking a spin on it we are
decorating cakes without our hands and
to join us doing that we have hobby
shirt you have Sam King we go
we have Lucy white give us this wait on
you and you this way just over there
okay so let's go to let me just explain
how this works we have the cake we have
the decorating items we have someone
that's not using her arms and the person
behind them to supplying the arms the
tables a bit you love ya been darlin
I thought we add to the challenge you
know I'm getting some complaints but
okay so I'm getting in Sam have you got
any ideas how you're doing this we're
just gonna go in mate we're just going
yeah I'm Sam I've been in this position
before
why are you so they're experienced cake
decorators Oh Lucy Vania
talk to me what's happening I mean we're
gonna win but y'all ready so the idea
that you have to win my make me better
kitchen anyway so we know this we're not
saying yeah yeah so that's the way to
win win is to make the best-looking cake
I believe we are having a time limit for
this challenge of two minutes and we can
have that two-minute time challenge and
the one at the end that decorates the
best cake as decided by the audience
ain't you at home using the hashtag
which is youtubers for grenfell will win
it sounds simple I don't know how this
is going to pay points if you donate and
type hash tag team hobby and Sam or team
Vania and Lucy in just giving comments
section there you go
okay can we have two minutes on the
clock please here we go we all ready are
you ready
Oh reach Nick yeah but yeah your hands
for my fellow I'm going round I'm dying
around okay so guys if you assume this
position please Oh barely okay this
makes sense this makes sense okay ready
on your marks yeah your comments here
Bobby Bobby
Oh a bit yeah on your marks
three get set go reach a bit forward in
starting Wow teacher be careful
I can't give a little bit there we go
okay we've got salmon hubby they're
going for a I think I'm gonna give you
hid nothing came out of the bag hi yeah
maximum punishment from the crowd please
so far Lucy get you banished some
directions derek manion Vanya's using
her nails to tear open the gate that's
good usual madness use your hands
salmon hobby if I can do it not gonna be
that bad that's disgusting
so dry man down to two men down oh hang
on hang on Vanya's like decorating me
this is going well this is picked up
yeah you have a minute left on the clock
oh one minute remaining I'm going over
here there is like I'm just we've got 50
seconds left
oh so to speak what we going from here
salmon hobby what we going for
is there any inspiration of Prince we
have 60 seconds remaining so Princess
Kate blue sea banner talk to me what my
baby bear down is t-money thumb okay oh
I see second we had five seconds any
finishing touches go are we done are we
done
Les Paul's ago prime time pause the
clock okay so where you can now stand up
hey don't touch me I'm going over here
this is gross I'm gonna
nice I'm coming around here I'm coming
around here
let's okay teams teams teams let's get
go let's keep this clean keep this fair
right Sammy if you could ask the teams
to narrate what their project
provocators let loose Bake Off style
Lucy talk to me III can see here you've
got a variety of items on top of your
cake what are you going for this is like
the princess just yet masterpiece really
mm-hmm
standing by yeah goes out and yeah
thanks that was really talented that
usually you make it up as like a career
goals and princesses or any something
I've used to describe this so just get
interactive Sam does seem to be cheating
it's just I didn't want all of this on
my hands it just it kind of happened
uh-huh
yeah we don't for like a more rustic
kind of look oh yeah I'm getting married
Airy early career vibes from this
sabotage by early I mean probably when
she was three um this I'm gonna just
take all I don't think that counts
I don't think that sounds there we go
best might get the pretty pink stuff so
holy why just remembered
oh because yours is a lot easier cuz
mine just fell off
so just for you at home you can vote
online we've hashtag youtubers for Grimm
Phil and if you put team Sam and hobby
or team Lucy and Vania and we'll kind of
come back later
I think and can we see in the studio who
we think is one can we have van Yuri
Lucy can we have a round of applause for
this thing
looks like there's a decider here I
think I think we've got to give it to
the girl
so where we going to next timing I think
we're trying to the social heart but
we're gonna hear what you guys are
saying on Twitter so send your tweets in
will we time out we're all back I'm here
with Ashley and Glenn from twisting
poles who are going to teach me some
dance moves that I'm hoping I can do but
probably won't be able to so we'll start
it off if everyone can start clapping in
the audience egging us on right guys
take it away go on so we're going to do
this arm up here first
yeah I'm telling edit I'm come this way
I swear then this one this we're just
gonna go there yeah when I stop with
this on you turn so we're gonna go kinda
six seven and chop a big shot yeah left
hand then right hand so go they're fine
try hands yeah shoulders shoulders
shoulders shoulders down down yeah ready
yes don't do this and affect their
church again so Chuck yeah and then I
won chopped shudders then yeah I won
thanks that's right let's read through
some tweets on the official hashtag so
everyone is saying just instead that
rose and Rosie hugging in the back clips
is what I live for
amazing I sure hope the floor they're
not my hand challenge is hilarious don't
forget to donate do not forget to donate
my thing these babes off their workout
challenge I mean everyone's just talking
about rose and Rosie sweating it out
come on team rose team Rosie and
and Adam posing for the camera yeah she
did Adam we saw come on team Queen yes
team Queen what else is going on
everyone getting together this is
amazing first of all please go and watch
amazing her then everyone's getting
involved basically so how you can get
involved is coming up next I'm so sorry
I can't be there to support in person
I'm actually out of the country when the
livestream is taking place but I wanted
to send you a little bit of a message
just to say I think you're amazing
I think this livestream is such an
brilliant awesome idea last week I was
absolutely gutted horrified to see what
happened at Grenfell Tower on the news
and I think it's amazing what you're
doing to help support this community
especially so all of YouTube coming
together because we're a community were
from all different walks of life all
different backgrounds but we have so
much in common and we always come
together to kind of support each other
and I think it's amazing to be able to
come together and help support such an
awful awful awful tragedy I think
anything that you guys can do to help
this community would be so so
appreciated there's going to be a link
below I know an on screen where you guys
can donate to the community and if you
can't donate if you don't have any cash
at the moment to donate make sure you
share the link for this livestream
spread it as far as you can so the more
people that see it the more money we can
raise thank you very much and for
organizing such an awesome livestream
I'm so sorry again I can't be there in
person
to participate and help support but I am
thinking of you all and good luck with
the fundraising and yeah lots of love
see you soon guys hi guys so it is the
moment that we have all been waiting for
are you ready for the beauty guru
transformations can we get can we get
some noise in the studio please
all right first up representing Team
Queen we have mark Faris and Lexi from
so totally blog and here is the finished
look we've got a warm smoky eye happenin
here a little bit of them mobile look at
that pull up that highlight is like on
fleek I notice you've had a hair
transformation I mean this man has so
many talents
thank you very much yeah I just found
this wig and I thought it it would give
a like a little bit of a Marilyn Monroe
feel so we just went for it I love it
what do we think guys yeah
and from Team yes we have Luke out forth
he's given himself a makeover it would
appear and Zoe London reveal yourself
Zoe how do you feel about your new look
I mean I feel like a piece of art I'm
not gonna lie like put me in the tape
this is art this is amazing yes now to
the casual onlooker I think that it
looked like I was pursuing without
direction but I think it's clear from
the final product that I knew what I was
doing all along so why don't we get a
little bit
I'm not no why don't we get a little bit
of an audience vote do you think Tim
Queen or do you think Tim yeah we got
Donna Phil whiskers you have to vote for
us
okay so on that note let's go back to
Niki and Sammy and let's just have
another little chat about what's
happening Oh let's go to Cory actually
first in the art section
hey so we've been working with the Jane
Fonda workout book to make a little gift
here for the for the event so this is
something I've been credited sticking
together well while everything's been
going on live that's pretty awesome how
did you manage to do that
well the workouts a you know pretty
pretty well detailed here with these
images and you stick them all together
and kind of animates herself that's
pretty awesome I don't know you could do
it so quickly well not everybody can I
think on that note we might better go
back to the sofa
I'm joining you from behind decision I'm
behind the sound of there's no room you
could jump in hi I would know you only
an urban wishful thinking style this out
don't worry
so how's me going guys how's the lights
for me going I think I'm up late they
say we're joined by first yeah let's do
it mister peach jam hi I'm Pete giving
that bullseye Thursday we have Stephanie
hi hi I'm Steph and we have hi I'm Dan
Daniel J okay hello I'm Luke wait okay
so highlight so far for each of you um
I'll go straight to your meeting sorry
that's my own point as much as I was a
fan of the cakes and now I'm really
wanting correct cake I'm craving it I
was a massive fan of Talia's song but
that was she wrote the whole thing in
two days and has got it memorized got it
down it's a beautiful song girls got a
beautiful voice and she would what she
was saying about when stop something
like this happens just the emotion pours
out and it's so genuine and organic and
yeah I think that yes sir can we get a
round of applause battalion reached out
to Talia because Talia wrote a song for
Mental Health Awareness Day and I loved
it so I reached out to her to see if she
be up for writing one for this and we're
all so blown away by that song what was
your favorite bit of this song or Effie
I've after evening Eva
it's very specifically the reveal of Zoe
they're cut up and down from Luke's face
as Ares was just astronomically great so
yeah that's my favorite part
alright he shouts our whole being Sam
for the cake see they do yeah they
didn't do well didn't we like I want to
take not they didn't do well but I
thought yeah they made a good effort so
factly I mean I would argue in some
place in the world that might have been
a masterpiece yeah in this place kill
God right now yeah those obviously
there's been a lot of stuff happening on
Twitter as well have you guys been
seeing some tweets that you've liked you
have you mean tweeting you guys should
get on hashtag steal even after the live
streams finish to see all the action all
the best bits as well and of course all
the information you need to donate is
down below give what you can and if you
can't share the live stream and hash
tagging and information with someone
that might be able to we just get them
to share it dude
and I think I just like to say thank you
from all of us here in the studio and
for everybody watching on at home
everybody that's donated everybody that
commented everybody that's retweeted and
used the hashtag I here with a number
one trend which is amazing but most
importantly most importantly I'd like to
take a moment to say a big thank you to
the YouTube space to everybody for
getting involved I had this idea of on
Friday that I wanted to do something for
the Granville community and Niki and
Sammy well I couldn't have done it
without you boy don't about you thank
you so much you guys have been amazing
and anybody you'd like to think I'd like
to say a massive thank you to the people
that you haven't seen here tonight that
made it happen
particular thanks to Chris Charlie who
helped make this happen and massive
thank you to Alfie from creative nerds
he's been running around and creative
knows himself the production team behind
this have been amazing and all the
ground people here on cameras in the
sound room and doing everything they're
doing is that brilliant so thank you
very much like I say a big thank you to
Lucy Rowell and Sophie and everybody at
James grant for helping with my crazy
idea to have four days to turn this
around and on that note I think we
should go back to another musical
performance and I'd like to once again
introduce you to the beautiful and
talented Talia MA
what is happening around us I see faces
but don't call names we've been here
before
you send a smile to a stranger cuz we
don't need a no-name we need to feel
secure and we want fine so fight so we
got it no one higher so hard to get it
what do we do just being human but one
thing that could break us is the one
thing that will make us all stand up we
don't ever do it up we're just being you
man
one thing that you break us is the one
thing will make us awesome
we don't care about the papers or the
hell eyes it'll take away from us cause
we're strong when we find no one will
ever be left behind we do it were - Oh
could it be Oh could it be inhuman
what is this all around us see your face
is a sea of change a push to move it
forward we spend the time on stranger
cuz we do need a known name need a feel
the power we want the chosen so fight
till we get it no one hurts so we hard
to read it what do we do when just being
human
ha ha one thing the breakers is the one
thing makers Austin we don't care about
the papers or the headlines it'll take
away from us cos we're strong when we
fight no one will ever be happy huh we
do a way to ah
could it be ah I'm good it'd be inhuman
one every our combined some the one left
behind so long as we have a say no one
happy no one every law combine some no
one left behind as we don't walk away
the one thing like a break us is the one
thing make us all stand up we don't care
about the papers
well the headlines it'll take away from
us cos we're strong when we fight no one
will ever be left behind we do overdoing
oh I gotta begin
you
thank you so much - yeah that was
amazing
um oh my gosh I don't know what to say
so good I think we do it all totalizer
right now I think we should yeah should
I just I do need to check actually let's
have a check I mean you don't have
already drama paid after the
professional whatever we've raised is
all thanks to you guys at home and you
can still keep donating after
livestreams finished at just giving calm
/e youtubers for Grandville and the
grand total that we have raised this
evening in a short amount of time
actually drumroll please guys
we embrace 3267 very much to everybody
that's donated every penny counts and it
doesn't just stop here so please please
do keep those donations coming in it is
such an important and incredible cause
and we really need your help on this
definitely I'm just still going away
that we've managed to get that amount
and it's going to keep going up I'm just
keep donating and we will find out who
the winners are some of the challenges
right I think so I think keep your eye
on the hashtag and we'll announce them
on there yeah so thanks for watching
guys we've had a great time and I hope
you have too and we'll see you guys or
very soon definitely we're all tuned in
and supporting the YouTube is for
Grenfell livestream yeah it's really
important that we all show our support
by donating we have that we want to see
as many of you - if you can yes but
every person that donates down will do
1,000 sit-ups no I
why are you promising things because
it's are literally impossible okay you
don't need a reason you should just do
it because this is a good cause the
donate link is down below and make sure
that you are supporting this livestream
bye
you
