hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm talking you through how to do
this easy summer makeup look today's
look is all about a bright orange
eyeshadow and the vivid summer ready
tangerine lipstick this one is from
Antipodes if you want to find out how to
get this look at skip Watson using the
Marc Jacobs invisible undercover coconut
primer I'm just going to prep my skin my
lips are a little bit dry at the moment
so to make sure we're prepped and ready
some lipstick application and using the
Antipodes Savior skin balm I'm just
going to take a very small amount of
that skin balm on to the back of my hand
and then go ahead and apply it onto my
lips to make sure my skin is looking
flawless and using the Make Up For Ever
Ultra HD foundation stick
next up brows using the benefits
precisely my brow in shade number three
I'm just going to fill in my brows it's
time to move on to eyeshadow I'm using
the Anastasia Beverly Hills waterproof
cream color and this is in the shade
coral reef this acts as a really bright
and vivid eyeshadow base for my
eyeshadow I'm using the violet sauce
ride-or-die palette pick the shade
Reilly and just blend that out across my
lid and using the Clinique pretty easy
in liner pan I'm just going to add some
winged liner
next up mascara I'm using the YSL
babydoll mascara today and for my lashes
and using the our doll baby wispy I'm
going to move on to concealing the under
eye area and today I'm using the NARS
radiant creamy concealer and this is in
the shade Chantelle ooh I'm also going
to take that concealer onto my chin at
the center of my forehead and to set my
base I'm using the Ben Nye neutral set
colorless powder taking a small pencil
brush and that Riley eyeshadow I'm just
going to blend out some color on my
under eye area and finally I'm going to
take a touch of the shows Courtney in
the outer corner to add a touch of glitz
for my under eye area I'm using the lips
cosmetics rich and famous glitter I'm
just going to apply this directly
underneath the pupil on the lower lash
line and finish up with a coat of
mascara using the Tarte Amazonian clay
blush in the shade capture both in I'm
just going to add a flush of color to my
cheeks and to highlight the Topshop in
some warrior highlights I'm also going
to take that into the inner corners of
my eyes and finally to bring the whole
look together I'm going to use a really
bright and vivid orange lipstick today I
have the Antipodes moisture boost
lipstick and this is in the
says P heartbeat tangerine to make sure
that I get a flawless sharp lipstick
application I'm going to dispense
Antipodes lipstick onto the back of my
hand and just use a simple lip brush to
apply it
I find that applying lipstick in this
way can really help its longevity and
really make sure that you get that sharp
perfect application and do sniff brushes
aren't for you you can just go ahead and
apply it straight out of the bullets and
this is the finished look
my easy summer makeup tutorial and you
feel in the bylaws I shadow and
Antipodes lipstick let me know what you
guys think in the comments section down
below if you'd like to see more makeup
tutorials you can put here or for weird
and wonderful product reviews here
thanks for watching don't forget to
subscribe I'll see you guys soon right
