hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be doing a little bit
of a testing video a little bit of a
soul face first impression today all of
our products are from its cosmetics in
the States
if cosmetics has been an altar for like
the longest time but this is all so new
to us here in the UK I'm excited to try
them out let me know what you guys think
about it cause no fix in the comments
section down below if there are any
products that you love any drugs you
hate and with that in mind let's get
started let's start with the base and
today I have the it cosmetics your skin
but better CC cream this is a color
correcting for coverage cream anti-aging
hydrating serum with a factor 50 SPF I
have two shades today there and light
pink I'm going to go in for the fair
shade I'm just going to pop a pump of
that on the back of my hand rest that
onto my skin and start blending it out
using my Beauty Blender all that is full
coverage I wasn't expecting it to be
that full coverage and also really nice
and you can definitely see a clear
difference it's not a hundred percent
perfect we can still see some blemishes
through that CC cream looks pretty even
it actually looks really natural and you
can see skin texture through it and yeah
it's just like a really beautiful satin
finish I'm going to go ahead and apply
onto this side of my skin and this time
I'm going to use the is cosmetics
heavenly luxe complexion perfection
brush and see if that makes any
difference to the CC cream how it
applies and the coverage that it gives
that is a lot more full coverage when we
go in with the brush I'm just applying
that in a stippling motion to really
push that into my skin I don't want it
to sit on the top I want to get a nicer
flawless coverage out of the to
application methods I think I definitely
prefer how the brush applied the CC
cream today to the Beauty Blender seemed
to absorb quite a lot of product and it
didn't give me as much of a full
coverage look as the brush side stares
I'm going to move on to my brows and
today I have the it cosmetics brow
our Universal brow pencil I'm curious
how one brow pencil can work for
everyone this is the shade Universal
taupe I'm going to go ahead and fill in
my brows and let's see how natural and
how universal it really is okay I think
about that pencil is a really nice color
I wasn't sure how it was going to work
and that's working that looks incredibly
natural actually such a good shape to my
brows I feel really bad now result in it
I really like how that looks it doesn't
look like it's really harsh I just find
it incredibly easy to blend out but
impressed so far guys this could be my
new favorite brand
we're going to move on to eyeshadow next
and I have the it cosmetics naturally
pretty palette and this packaging is so
freakin adorable I do really like those
little bows that are around it I'm just
going to rip that off oh so this is the
palette it's got this really cute kind
of cushioned cover got a really big
selection of natural-looking
tones and there's also a transform in
pearl as well that I shadow powders
themselves do look quite small I'm not
going to hold that against the pallets
just yet we're going to give it a go I'm
going to start off with this shade here
which is called warmth I'm just going to
apply that all over my lid and up over
the crease all that's come out quite
bright that has definitely come out more
pigmented than I was expecting it to for
my lid color I think I'm going to take
this greeny brown shade called maca
and I'm just going to apply that all
over the lid up until the crew so I'm
going to take the shade sunset which is
this really pretty warm peachy orange
shade I'm just going to roll that into
the crease I have the it cosmetics no
tug waterproof anti-aging a gel liner
don't think I've ever seen an anti-aging
eye liner before I think I'm just going
to go for a really smudgy smoky sultry
eye look today
so take that along my upper lash line
and give it a bit of a smudge out I'm
going to go in with the it cosmetics
superhero elastic stretch volumizing
miss Cara nearly drops it then it has
that kind of hourglass bigger kind of
looks to it let's do it
now that the majority of my eye makeup
is done I'm going to move on to
concealer this is the it cosmetics bye
bye under-eye concealer a full coverage
antiaging waterproof concealer I do
actually own one of these already but I
haven't used it in such a long time goes
on quite tacky that's what I remember it
being anyways feeling quite tacky and
quite sticky I'm just going to booze
that out onto my hands it's probably way
too much I'm going to apply that to the
under eye area and to blend it out and
using the concealed side from my
heavenly luxe complexion perfection that
brush
that's pretty brightening so far it
looks pretty good and I'm just going to
very gently sniffle and blend it out and
for the other side of my face that I'm
going to blend it out to use in at my
Beauty Blender the concealer has done
quite a good job brightening up the
under eye area I can still see my dark
circles through it think they definitely
need some color correction to truly give
that flawless look to set I'm using the
S cosmetics bye bye pawpaw let's finish
airbrush powder this is in the shade
translucent come to the little tiny
powder puff which is quite cute I'm
going to take my zoeva one 1/4 luxe
focus face brush to set that today it's
very slow see very light weight that is
not coming out with any force at all
going to take a small amount of that
powder and just set the concealer using
a slightly bigger fluffy brush I'm just
going to take that powder onto the rest
of my skin it's going back to the
naturally pretty palette I'm going to
take the shade warmth and just blend
that out along my lower lash line
following up with the shade sunset and
finally the shade marker I'm going to
take the eyeliner once again and just
blend it up
and finally I'm just going to add
another coat of mascara with my eye
shadow done I'm going to move back to
the base and I have see if cosmetics
your most beautiful use matte bronzer
radiant aluminized there and a
brightening brush palette all-in-one
it's nearly as big as my face it has a
huge bronzer a blush and highlight I'm
going to start with the contour shade
and take my Real Techniques I think this
is the contour brush into the hollows of
my cheeks and my forehead I'm going to
move on to the blush from that palette
and to apply it today I have the
heavenly luxe 1/2 ball powder brush and
a very gently sweep that flash across my
cheeks and get a finish up with the
highlight oh that's really bright I
wasn't expecting it to be that bright
I'm also going to take that highlight
into the inner corner of my eyes I
really love how big that mirror is in
terms of the actual shades I'm not the
biggest fan of them if I try it another
few times and I might warm up to it but
so far I'm about 50/50 on this one let's
move on to lips and finish up the look
today I'm using for your lips but better
all day waterproof lip liner stain and
this is in the shade plus nude
and the lipstick I'm taking the F
cosmetics vitality lips flush Spain this
is a four in one hydrating lipstick farm
gloss and a stain and finally this is
the finished look here's where we're at
I like the couple of the products I also
dislike a few of them too I really like
the brow power eyebrow pencil that has
come out so natural looking it looks
really fluffy it's easy to blend out as
the safe matched really well I also
liked the CC cream now it hasn't covered
every single breakout on my skin I can
still see some pigmentation coming
through but I love how natural it looks
and how easy it is to wear it's the
perfect kind of grab and go product
where if you only have like five minutes
to do your makeup throw this on you
don't need to powder it you don't need
to set it and it definitely doesn't look
sweaty
it looks stuff in really really like for
your lips but better pencil this is in
the shade bus news that is such a really
pretty nude color lip liner it was
incredibly easy to use it didn't drag
across my lips and it's a pretty natural
looking color so love that I also really
liked the it cosmetics complexion
perfection brush that's stippling brush
there is so nice to apply foundation
wear but I'm personally not a fan of
fewer lended brushes I would much rather
have two brushes over one I'd rather not
put a brush in the bottom of a pot let's
talk about the products that I didn't
like so one product that I wasn't overly
keen on with the it cosmetics bye bye
pause powder is a translucent setting
powder but I just found that it got
stuck in my under eye area and it took a
very long time to blend it out another
products I didn't really like was the it
cosmetics superhero mascara I really
wanted to like it but I just feel like I
have to put so much mascara on to get it
to do anything and my lashes do look a
little bit clumpy so I don't think that
I'll be using the mascara again I think
out of everything you could only try one
for
try the CC cream I think it's worth
checking out especially if you like that
natural look I really hope that made
sense it's quite late in the evening and
I'm quite sick today so I hope you can
understand what I was trying to say I
don't know I really try my best thank
you so much for watching if you enjoyed
this video then please make sure you hit
that subscribe button and give this
video a huge thumbs up I'll see you guys
soon bye
