hey guys so today I'm gonna be talking
you through how to create this Raven
makeup look first up I'm using the bare
minerals bare Pro glow highlighter drops
and just add a little bit of brightness
to my face pick in the Maybelline fit me
foundation and I'm just gonna apply that
using my Beauty Blender this is the
sapphire edition and I just want to get
a nice even coat over my face so I'm
just gonna carry on applying that and
working back into my skin but my
concealer today of course I'm using the
krey√≤l and demo color camouflage cream
this is the dq1 quintet and I'm just
gonna take that over my face where I
need that little bit of extra coverage
before moving on to my brows today I'm
using soap brows this will just add a
little bit of texture and will enable me
to get that really beautiful brushed up
Prowler fill them in I'm using the make
up forevers brow liner in the shade
brown and I love this brow product and
I'm just gonna use the make up forevers
brow gel and clear to lock them in place
my eyeshadow today I'm using the Urban
Decay Born to Run palette now I did
actually struggle with this eyeshadow
palette a little bit I found that when I
added in the next shade on top of this
one it went so muddy and it felt like
the matter how many times I tried to
blend out it went incredibly muddy so I
would recommend to use a different green
eyeshadow and a different brown
eyeshadow instead of these because I had
a really bad time basically you just go
in for a really diffused blown out green
dark grungy smoky eye just maybe not
with this palette
and I think at this point I'd hit that
ah just grab anything and try and fix it
points so I put a little bit of this NYX
lip gloss on the inner side of my eyes
and then just kind of diffuse it
slightly and I think that kind of pulled
it together with a lot of black winged
liner and some big chunky lashes and
today I used the Shiseido Imperial lash
mascara and I was so so impressed with
this mascara for my lashes I just threw
on some House of lashes ikonics
annoyingly my camera cut out but I
applied some black lipstick from the a
BH lip palette I made my crown from
black hot glue and my wick is from the
hair shop in LA and there we go guys
this is the finished look thank you so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed
this look I hope you enjoyed this
tutorial
it is the Raven it is dark edgy glam and
mysterious I hope you enjoyed this look
I had so much fun filming it thank you
so much for watching don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you guys soon bye
