hi guys and welcome back in today's
video we are continuing on our
foundation test in series 4 episode
number 9 I have a brand new foundation
that I personally have never used before
I don't actually know anything about it
either today's product is the rodeo
airbrush makeup heavy duty foundation
paste full coverage multi-use matte
paste camouflages imperfections and dark
circles whilst delivering a satin
luminous airbrush finish this product
can be used as a concealer contour
highlight or as a face and body
foundation to cover scarring I'm quite
interested to see how well this will
cover bust into the skin using the
airbrush foundation brush I have one
year mix airbrush makeup would sleep
through the oil to create desired
thickness to make it I guess more liquid
or a slightly thinner share-out coverage
if it's to happy that's quite
interesting long wearing and suitable
for all skin types these retail for 35
pounds here in the UK with all of that
in mind I feel like we should open the
box go through it and see what we have
that's quite a big brush it's quite
dense you're going to get quite a lot of
coverage with that brush I think that's
quite cool this is the rodeo airbrush
foundation page Oh inside you get 15
mils of foundation I do think it looks
quite thick
hopefully it's manageable the rodeo
snake booster oil concentrated facial
oil for expression lines and wrinkles
feel like I could do with this so you
have a little pipette a little drop it
hasn't left my fingers or my hands
feeling greasy think we should swatch
the foundations to really truly see what
they look like on the skin so I'd say
that that has the consistency of a
mousse I'm just going to take a normal
triangle foundation wedge straight
across the side of my cheek that is so
full coverage it didn't even move
I think there's no denying this is a
full-coverage foundation I'm just going
to pop a small amount of the hourglass
mineral veil primer onto half of my skin
so we can truly see the difference in
longevity throughout the day I'm going
to go for a shade zero one we have a
very small amount of foundation on my
hand here probably around the same
amount as my little finger nail it's
going to dab that foundation I'm going
to stop there let's just give that a go
I'm definitely running into some
difficulty trying to blend that out it's
so thick I'm going to take a single drop
as the snake booster oil and add that
it's going to mix that using the back of
my finger oh wow okay now that I've
started to move you can definitely see
that it's now a lot more liquid and now
it's much easier to work with so I do
think that you need at least one drop to
make it work we can still see some
pigmentation through that foundation in
these areas Hollow has kind of blended
really beautifully I'm going to move on
to the other side of my face definitely
think a stippling action is the way to
go rather than trying to drag it you do
get a really natural looking finish by
sniffling I am really liking how that
look I'm going to go in now with that
foundation and try and pinpoint conceal
any of the redness blemishes and
breakouts that may still be showing
through I'm just going to blend it up
I'm also going to apply the foundation
into the under eye area and let's see
how it can work on those pesky dark
circles I'm pleasantly surprised so far
clearly see a difference in the under
eye area I'm going to go back in with a
touch more of that foundation as a
concealer on this side of my face
now that my foundation is applied I'm
going to set that today and using the
Maybelline master fix setting and
perfecting loose powder this is the NYX
Cosmetics 24 brush and I'm just going to
go ahead and set my under eye area and
any areas where I feel could do with a
little bit of powder now that my base is
set I'm just going to finish off with
some light makeup then we're good to go
this is the finished makeup look I've
applied my rodeo airbrush makeup heavy
duty foundation paste as both a
foundation and a concealer today the
only kind of negative I have right now
is in the under eye area
I'm not sure if that's down to use the
error because I didn't dilute the
foundation in that area or if the
foundation kicks in the under eye area
I'm going to monitor this foundation
throughout the day and I'm going to
check in with you guys in a couple of
hours and let's see how our face is
getting on hey guys it's around 4:30
p.m. now and it's been eight hours since
I first applied for the makeup onto my
skin I think I've walked around two
miles today I went to Starbucks nothing
too exciting I've mostly been sat on my
desk doing some editing this afternoon
now in terms of makeup we have some good
things happening and we also have some
bad things happening I am quite
impressed with the level of coverage how
it looks on the skin is pretty good we
can see some pigmentation coming through
onto my chin and also the size of my jaw
in terms of how my forehead looks there
are a few other patches of pigmentation
coming through I can't see that much
difference to be honest between the
prime side and the unprimed side one
area where we have had a little bit of a
disaster and that is the under eye area
I did have a sneaky suspicion when I
first applied it that it would go
horribly wrong in this area because it
did start to cake quite quickly my
mascara has definitely transferred we
have got creasing going on it is
separating and it is also incredibly
- most of the time I don't actually use
the same concealer for the under-eye
area as I do for the skin if it works in
one area the maps cool if it doesn't
work in all then I'll kind of give it a
little bit of a break I think I'm going
to do an oil test as well so I have my
touch up blotting papers these are
amazing and I freaking love space let's
see how much oil has really come through
I'm actually surprised that is not that
much we haven't even fully filled up a
whole sheet of oil the eight hours where
I'm quite impressed I'm going to leave
it on my skin for another few hours and
I will come back and give you guys
another update hey guys so it's 9:30
p.m. and this makeup has now been on my
face for 13 hours let's take a look at
where we are and I'm going to give you
my final thought we definitely have a
lot of creasing happening in the under
eye area we also have a lot of
separation happening it just at the
edges of my eyes as well I think between
8 hours and 10 hours is probably the max
amount of time I would say this would
work safely I personally wouldn't feel
comfortable going to a meeting or report
an event with my foundation looking as
it is right now when I switch to low
lighting you can definitely see my skin
in a whole new way can see that
patchiness and the blotchiness
a lot more I'm going to take one of my
blotting papers and once again I'm just
going to give that an oil test and see
how much more oil is secreted through my
foundation the Sun has come out but not
very much at all
during the course of a 13-hour day this
is the total amount of oil that I
managed to pull off my skin on first
impressions would I recommend this
foundation for long periods of time
probably not I wasn't too much of a fan
of it as a foundation slash concealer I
personally would use a completely
different concealer to pinpoint correct
and a completely different concealer to
hide my dark circles under my eyes
we do have patchiness we do have
blotchiness and a little bit of
separation if you have oily or
combination skin I say give it a try if
you have dry skin I think you're going
to need to mix it with quite a lot of
oil to get it to work for you I'm quite
happy before my skin looks after 38
hours I just think we've got some
serious cake issues happening in the
under eye area that is it - this week's
foundation testing video if you'd like
to see me test more foundations you can
click here for a drugstore option or
here for a high-end option thank you so
much for watching don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you guys soon
bye
