hi guys and welcome back today I've got
some huge news and I am so excited to
share it with you all the social media
industry can kind of be a tough nut to
crack and over the past couple of years
it's really snowballed into this huge
crazy industry that we have today Isis
SAS is my pal skin I literally had no
idea that I could do this as a job and
that I get to travel the world and meet
new people and try new brands and my
whole life would be consumed by makeup
I'm so so thankful for all the support
you guys have literally changed my life
and I still can't believe that I get to
call with my job and how much my life
has changed so here's the thing my turn
to give back to you guys I've seen that
with Bill you need to have change one of
your life
I'm super super excited to introduce you
guys - I feel like this kind of needs a
drumroll the feel unique tomorrow's top
vlogger competition in the nationwide
search taking place from May to July
2017 feel unique and an expert panel of
judges will be searching high and low to
find the best undiscovered Beauty talent
to become tomorrow's top blogger I'm so
pleased to announce that I will be on
the judging panel traveling my inner
RuPaul looking for some uniqueness
charisma nerve and Palace become
tomorrow's top vlogger the winner of
tomorrow's top vlogger
will receive a brand ambassador contract
with feel unique where you'll get to
create all sorts of content including
tutorial videos editorial articles
roving reporting at Fashion Week and so
many more incredible things you'll also
receive a makeup masterclass with makeup
artists and judge Daniel Sandler you'll
get to design and launch your very own
beauty box with still unique receive
pounds suspend online at feel unique and
win 1000 pounds worth of camera
equipment the prizes are insane and
literally everything you could need to
kick start your career in BC you may be
wondering how to enter so let's go
through it together there are three
stages to the competition stage one
upload a 1-minute max review on your
favorite beauty products to Instagram
Facebook or Twitter
huginn feel unique and using the hashtag
top blogger you can literally talk about
anything from your favorite foundation
to moisturizer to brushes anything that
you want to talk about the choice is
your stage to the top 20 entrance will
be set a secret video challenge it's so
secret I don't even know what the
challenge is just yet stage 3 the four
jokes and finalists will be invited to a
top London studio to film professionally
with Bill unique and for the grand
finale the four finalists will be
invited to a glitzy live event where the
four films will be shown as one winner
will be crowned and literally would have
given my left arm to get a kick start
like this when I started vlogging
obviously the left arm not the right arm
because I'm right-handed and otherwise
that would be a disaster when I first
started my beauty blog I was in this 9
to 6 job that I hated any kind of spare
cash and time usually went into trying
to recreate pictures from my Pinterest
board only buying dresses from eBay that
were like 2 pounds or 5 dollars because
that's all I can afford
well I thought like I've got my outfits
nails I take whatever miniscule spare
cash that I had leftover and I go to the
drugstore I learn and practice and
improve my makeup beauty and makeup with
my escape and for the longest time it
really just feel like the only thing
that would put a smile on my face was no
little smoky eye having someone say I
really like your makeup today that was
my passion
and that's what made me feel good that's
what made me happy that kind of what I
want to help give back though if beauty
and makeup is also your passion and it
makes you happy then this could be a
huge thing and this could really have to
change someone's life and to help make
dreams become a reality also the small
prints because while that's opposed it's
not really a competition if there is
many small print you don't need to be a
professional makeup artist or youtuber
to enter it's open to everybody
number two you must be age 18 or over
number three you must live in the United
Kingdom there we go guys that is it I
will lose further information in the
description box down below so if you do
want to go ahead check it out and yeah
let's go for it
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this video I hope some of
you guys enter and yeah I'm looking
forward to seeing all your videos seeing
all of your mini reviews and everything
that you create thank you so much for
watching I'll see you guys soon bye
