hi guys and welcome back today we are
going to be doing an epic PR mail
blogger male beauty male opening news -
you name it it's probably gonna happen
today in this video every single item
that I'm opening today was kindly sent
to me by the PR companies or the
cosmetics brand themselves three product
or a product being sent to me does not
necessarily mean that I'm going to love
it doesn't mean it's going to get a good
review if it's a crap product it's a
crap product and I'm going to tell you
guys if it's good product and I think
you need to buy it again I will tell you
guys if I open a bunch of stuff today
that you absolutely love then let me
know in the comment section down below
if you like a lipstick or with eyeshadow
palette or a foundation anything that
you would like to be seen used together
or separately let me know let's get
started
oh it's from our glass and it says
elevates your foundation super a really
cute little hourglass bear we have the
veil mineral primer got a 60 ml tube a
30ml tube and then also an eight point
nine ml tube a one of a kind primer with
the texture that defies gravity
weightless complexion perfection pretty
sure this used to be in a pump-action I
see there's now changed it to a squeezy
tube so it just comes out white when you
first have it or that feels so soft
Fabrice term molecular cosmetics and
Monica blunder anti-aging primer Monica
blunder is a celebrity makeup artist and
she's on YouTube as well this fire not
only perhaps the skin given a perfect
canvas for makeup it is also amazing
hydrating and anti-inflammatory
properties anything that's super
hydrating I'm always interested in that
one definitely feels a lot more rich and
a lot more hydrating than the hourglass
one I will
a shot think I'm going to go for this
one now this is from Maybelline and with
a little cute back to new pallets we
have three different blushes as a
highlighter and this one is the
Maybelline master bronze and we've got
three different bronzes and one
highlighter there they look really good
I'm not going to use these just yet
because I think I might do that in a
drugstore first impressions video I
think that might be quite fun also have
the colossal Big Shot now this is the
ones that I think Manny and Shayla were
in the advert for quite a big brush on
that that looks quite a satisfying brush
the Maybelline master fix setting and
perfecting loose powder as the
Maybelline brow precise perfecting
highlighter vivid hot lacquer in the
shade royal - cute classic and this one
looks like a really Kim Kardashian show
ooh that actually looks very similar to
the lipstick that Kim Kardashian is
wearing in the new Kylie cosmetics Kim
Kardashian lines this is the Dolce and
Gabanna tropical spring I'm not a luxury
blogger so I'm quite surprised adopting
Gabbana even knew that is Suzy I'm
genuinely quite pleased I've never
actually used anything from chop suey in
Gabbana before the peach and a coral
eyeshadow in here comes in its own
little dust baggie does anybody actually
keeps these on their compact and lose
them I try to but they just Dolce
Gabanna the blush luminous cheeks color
that is so bright I think I might have
to do a task in video
all this top guys dolce gabbana the nail
lacquer we also have the Saltine Gabbana
passion nice I'm not really a fan of
that kind of silicone bristle brush I
usually end up stabbing myself in the
eyeball with it the dolce gabbana
passion duo gloss fusion lipstick oh so
it's pink around the outside and then
inside there's like a center core that's
purple these are available at Harrods
thanks Dolce and Gabanna from Urban
Decay the perfect makeup application
starts with rehab and to end the day a
perfect meltdown Urban Decay meltdown
makeup remover dissolve in spray you
can't get enough of our long-lasting
products but how the hell'd you take
them off I quite like the language on
this powerful yet gentle spray mist some
weightlessly and starts working on
contact to instantly dissolve even the
most stubborn waterproof makeup in one
swipe that sounds pretty awesome
I want to use this in a video so I'm not
going to use that and ruin things today
we also have the rehab makeup prep lip
love oh it's a little lip balm oh oh my
god that smells so good it smells really
coconutty I'm really good the upper item
we have is the urban decay rehab makeup
prep pore refining peel you put on your
t-zone or other problem areas leave it
for 10 minutes and then peel it off I'm
very very interested in trying this
makeup spray from Viktor & Rolf
Flowerbomb Blum the new au de toilette
bring in bloom this turn and pretty
pretty little flower feel like it goes
with my backdrop I'll just know
oh that smells really floral I kind of
stretched the bottle out more it smells
sweet it smells fresh and it smells
floral I really like that one
thank you so much from Yves
saint-laurent we have to shake lat the
icon of light is reborn 25 years after
the first two she clap was born the
iconic gold pen returns so the first
time it takes the form of a
game-changing cushion compact we also
have the foundation brush how pretty is
that brush guys so silky the two shellac
color corrector neutralizer in peach
violet and green these are so colorful
come through like literally come through
the green one which is super green and
we also have the violet the peach one
you can use an under eye area to try and
color correct any dark circles the green
one can help color correct against
redness but the violet one can help
color correct against any yellow or
sallow areas I let Voss matte about you
color 20 highly pigmented eyeshadows in
a variety of must-have finishes in size
we basically have every kind of neutral
matte warm smoky eye color you could
kind of ever want these are all gonna
get used and a vegan it's not just show
you mesmerize my finger on that and it's
come out quite strong my finger and on
my arm
you have the Holy Grail and the
ride-or-die palette I really don't think
you need this one as well but I really
like the shades and how easy they go
together what I was going to lose a
finger there the arborio black cleansing
oil purifying cleansing oil with
charcoal that's quite interesting it's
actually black that's weird I haven't
really tried that many Korean products I
might give this one a go as potentially
is like a first cleanse I'll let you
guys know if you've tried it let me know
down below it's a lipstick biscuit it's
a little Charlotte Tilbury lipstick this
says matte revolution luminous modern
maps long-lasting lipstick this is from
Charlotte Tilbury and it's in the shade
very Victoria it's like a dark kind of
nude shoot
we are excited to announce that the
iconic makeup brand Charlotte Tilbury is
now available on feel unique next I'm
going to open this little gray box that
I've got right here we're so excited to
introduce you to our new gold digger and
dream chaser vanity palettes each
palette includes four eyeshadows
highlighter bronzer blush and a hidden
feature I'd say that's slightly bigger
than the jeffree star palettes
a half so you can have it sound like
that or you can do that pretty
impressive can't so that's impressive
I'm not usually a fan of these two
shapes in one shadow thing I feel like
they can get quite messy coral blush
there is really really pretty I feel
like that's quite a natural looking
shade that's the dream chaser palette a
bag from Charlotte Tilbury I feel like I
don't use enough shallots every makeup
hurt
packaging and hip products and even just
Charlotte herself are amazing the
Charlotte Tilbury overnight bronze &
Glow mask overnight hydrating flawless
tan mask okay so probably not for me and
we also have the inserts look in a
palette five-minute face on the dirt
this sounds a little bit more up my
street it looks like something they all
saw on mummies to have three different
eyes
chicks wish cheeks pop facial bronze our
special highlight this is like the type
of palette that if you want to stay a
boyfriend or girlfriend's house and you
don't want to take a lot of stuff with
you this color has everything in it I'm
quite liking this so far I have no idea
what's in this and why it's so happy oh
my god and inside Wow please oh so
spoilt right now and so very lucky cute
is that ultra glossy deliciously smooth
absolutely long wearing and brilliant
house in a new black lacquer case with
pink neon reflections if you look in the
corners of the packaging you'll see the
pink reflecting back how pretty is that
and when you open it that's so
satisfying oh that's a really pretty
summer shirt let's try that one here on
the back of my hair we are look how
pigmented
oh my god I was not expecting it to look
back
so knowing that it's such a beautiful
movie shades this one is the shade five
seven seven lazy you can literally just
cut that one on and run out the door
from Giorgio Armani the lights are
coming close our limited-edition life is
a cruise collection the Sun rolls
Bronson and highlights in facebook do
you love the Armani packaging whoa this
is a really pretty gold gilded highlight
comes with a flat brush in the bottom
this is the sunset this is an eyeshadow
palette a really deep emerald green and
then a lighter highlight in today's take
the animals clean
that has come out pretty strong in terms
of shadows the sunset palette retail 455
pounds each they are quite pricey I
would say if you're going to get one to
get the one kind of doubled up as an
eyeshadow as well because that goals
look fairly similar to the goals in here
the ice to kill Pro liner and I have
this in navy lights and Armani cruise oh
that's like a bronze it's like a
metallic bronze shade wow this one is
the shade Navy lights that is such a
stunning deep metallic blue of the next
one this is the Aurora out-of-this-world
go okay now this is definitely not for
the faint-hearted and you do have some
really beautiful shapes that you want
necessarily finds with many other brands
for highlighters we have Eclipse lunar
spectra Helia Orion and lower or Lyra
they are all really bright when you
swatch the Straits spectra I don't know
if you can see that so that is a really
pretty shimmery purple lilac shade there
are so so many really pretty unusual
shaitaan' yeah I don't
the camera is picking up how great some
of these shades are we are delighted to
introduce some new shades of cover FX
custom and hats a drop so cute box that
is received for but one two three four
five six different custom and cancer
drops and these all look really pretty
so this is the shade for awesome I've
got here I'm going to guess that it's
going to be pink
Wow you guys see how bright that
highlight is that looks so nice and this
is the shapes less steel this looks like
is my shape now this one is definitely
really cool essence let's take an over
my fall hands with one drop imagine if
you mix like a quarter of that into your
foundation that would give you such a
really pretty dewy glow I really like
that I see definitely will not miss them
being on your skin oh my god that's so
cute
introducing the Porefessional pore
minimizing makeup step one rat step 2
prime step 3 makeup that for on-the-go
shine control oh all right
I'm a little bit worried about how this
makeup is garlic oh so that may
potentially work reminds me of like the
Mac face and body it's that kind of
consistency I don't think I've ever worn
a benefit foundation do let me know if
you'd like to see a test of it here are
some is the new editions my classic
beauty collection hope you like some
love Zoe oh and this is the new zoella
beauty products
I think Zoe is awesome everything that
she's built is so incredible in the book
we've got UT vanity case as well little
E as embroidered into it that is so huge
thank you so much that so I love uts-15
comes in threes a body mist at the the
wallet Beauty bag no filter needed
that's really I feel like this is going
to be an bag essential to keep
everything in one place because I'm
trouble losing makeup in my handbag lock
the size on this and we also have the
zoella good listener bath and shower oil
it literally smells like a holiday in a
bottle this is going straight in my
handbag with little essentials in there
we have a little box from mac cosmetics
and inside we have gold confetti
literally go in everywhere we've got the
Mac and Laura Lee lipstick and I am so
excited to see what this shade looks
like this product is only available in
the u.s. so I feel very honored and
lucky to have it so thank you so much
for sending it out to me I'm just going
to whip up my current lipstick and try
this one
I mean our guys I don't know what to say
she's cracked it I'm a huge nude
lipstick fan and yeah laughs this shade
you nailed it well done orally there we
go guys that is it those are all of our
products in today's video and I have
literally just been sat here for three
hours
opening makeup and talking about makeup
I have no idea how long this video is
gonna be and it's now gone midnight Wow
you know in the comment section down
below which products caught your eye if
you've made it today in this video then
thank you so much for watching I know
this is a long video and I don't usually
do videos like this so it really means a
lot to you stick around and watch the
whole thing don't forget to subscribe we
are so close to 1 million subscribers
I'll see you guys soon bye
