hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I wanted to sit down and talk all
things skincare and most importantly
drugstore skincare in January skincare
video I mentioned that there were a
range of products that I've been used in
but I wasn't actually allowed to tell
you guys about them just yet but now
other day is finally here I can talk you
through all the products that I've been
using and loving all of the products I'm
going to be talking to you guys about
today are from one brand and that brand
is Neutrogena I'll lose links in the
description box down below if you do
want to get any more information or
check out the product honesty is the
only policy that I have on my channel
and this video is sponsored by
Neutrogena and always all thoughts are
completely my own and you guys know if I
like something I will tell you and if I
don't like something I want
equally telling you now in terms of
skincare and my skin I have combination
skin and I usually get oily in my t-zone
area and I'll often get dry patches
above my brows with that in mind let's
get started first up we've got a little
bit of an unusual product and that is
the Neutrogena visibly clear light
therapy at the mass club such a long
name this mask is pretty out there I
definitely think that it makes you look
like the long last member of staff stuff
but really don't let the appearance cut
you off the mask is basically a wearable
LED device that turns blue and red
lights do you think your skin it to help
fight acne the blue light helps to kill
the bacteria and the red light helps to
reduce the skin inflammation caused by
the acne I know it like therapy sounds a
little bit crazy but it's something
that's used by dermatologists all the
time in clinics to help treat acne
I personally was always kind of put off
from trying due to the high price point
I feel like anything that costs hundreds
of pounds per session and you need
multiple sessions to make it work
doesn't really do it for me I just it's
just it's really unrealistic to be able
to
spend that kind of money on
dermatologist sessions the Neutrogena
light therapy at remark could basically
take in the fundamentals of that in
clinic dermatologist treatment and is
making it available to use in your own
home and anything that means that I
don't have to leave my house and spend
time in the real world
it's on to a winner I'm going to put
this on and give you guys a little bit
of a demo you're going to want to make
sure that your skin is freshly washed
clean and make it free basically not
this top the mask on both the button
down on the activator for a full seconds
and away you go
you are now ready to audition for a
passing Tron or take to the stage at the
duct contribute back after 10 minutes
the mask will automatically switch
itself off and then you're good to go
for the rest of your skincare regime I
usually wear it to 10 minutes each night
while I'm either stalking Twitter or
regional on some awful conspiracy
theories that's kind of what I like to
do and it keeps the mask works for 30
sessions but you don't actually have to
keep track of how many times you've used
it which is definitely a boner because I
am so frickin forgetful the activator
has a little window and a countdown
screen on there so you can tell how many
sessions you've got left I feel like
it's become as much of a habit as
rememberence put my phone on charge
before I go to sleep and it was super
easy to add into my regime positives on
the mask are that I feel like my acne is
a little bit more under control now and
I feel like my skin is definitely a lot
clearer with less breakouts and I know
that you guys have noticed a difference
in my skin since I switched up my regime
to negatives on the masks are that it
only works for 30 sessions before you
need to purchase a new activator that at
$14.99 hopefully they won't break the
bank they are also on sale for less than
10 pounds in Boots until the month of
May I'll leave the link in the
description box down below alongside the
visibly clear light therapy acne mask
I've also been testing out the visibly
clear box proof in range - there are
five products in total in the range the
daily wash
purifying toner daily moisturizer and
the two-in-one wash smart I think out of
all the products my favorite is the
Neutrogena visibly clear spot proof in
daily wash now you guys know that I love
a good double cleanse and I feel like
this one was so easy to incorporate into
my skincare regime as my second cleanse
first of all I'll use my pixie
nourishing cleansing balm to remove my
makeup and then I'll go in with the
spots proof in daily wash to cleanse my
skin it's super affordable smells good
and it really doesn't leave my skin
feeling dry and flaky as some other kind
of skin care products can you do have
dry skin I would recommend using them
intensive moisturizer alongside it if
you're not into double cleansing and
kind of prefer to follow a more
traditional skin care routine and a
great products with Tryon is the visibly
clear spot spruce in purifying toner
this product is alcohol-free so it's not
going to leave you with that kind of
horrible dry stripped feeling a small
amount on one cotton pad is enough to
generally tone your whole face and in
terms of cotton pads I usually buy mine
from Muji these are the cuts cotton
multi pack and they're amazing I love
them so yeah super easy to use can make
a difference and yeah you're basically
good to go and follow it up with your
favorite moisturizer as always do make
sure that you patch test each new
products before you go ahead and just
wipe it all over your whole face I'm a
big fan of the one in one out method
when it comes to skincare and
introducing new products that way you
can kind of identify it changes and
monitor how your skin look and there we
go guys three new products worth picking
up and trying from the drugstore and
from Neutrogena and if you are from the
UK then Neutrogena will be hosting a
little bit of a pop-up skincare boutique
I'll be there one day as well and
hopefully I can meet some of you there
too I'll leave all the information in
the description box down below
know your thoughts on visibly clear
lights perky acne mask and the spot
sprucing range in the comments section
down below thank you so much for
watching and don't forget to subscribe
because we are so close to 1 million
subscribers and the excitement the
excitement is so real I just dropped
them off thank you so much for watching
I'll see you guys soon
hi
