hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be continuing on our
foundation a test in series and today
we're on episode number 8 today I've got
a brand new foundation that hasn't even
been released yet
now this foundation is coming out in a
few days and by the time you're watching
this it might have already been up for a
couple of days I'm not sure when this
video is going to go up we have a brand
new foundation from YSL foundation if I
can grab it is here in this really
pretty gold box this is sushi clasp
licorice in so this is the cushion
foundation version of sushi class now I
haven't opened the box just yet of this
foundation I'm super excited to try it
the sushi clad location has a
recommended retail price of 40 pounds
which i think is maybe $50 $60 and it's
available in 8 different shade 25 years
after the first two chocolate was born
the iconic gold pen returns and for the
first time it takes the form of a
game-changing cushion compact offering a
versus unique luminosity tailor-made to
the unique needs of women across the
globe I'm already like super excited
about this because you guys know that I
love a radiant series finish an advanced
delivery system requires a super massive
applicator the smooth side of the sponge
two swipes across the skin for a natural
finish lock side of the sponge for a
more seamless finish I think this sounds
amazing
let's open the box and see what we've
got oh it is square moment of truth
mmm that is a perfect mirrored square
that's incredibly slick it looks like it
will go really beautifully in a clutch
bag in a handbag I really like that it's
very very similar to the Rouge pur
Couture lipstick now add a little button
here on the front and it's going to
press that and then it opens and we have
a mirror and we also have the sponge ah
so that's where you can see the two
sides which is weird
top is almost velvety smooth it's a
little bit more fluffy and the bottom
part of the sponge is more of a
traditional
kind of like a foam sponge texture to
get to the foundation we've got this
little window here you just pop that
open there's a little poll top and there
we go
there is the foundation it has a really
intricate lace design on it and you can
even see the wire style logo running
through that cushion pad it smells a
little bit like cucumber and maybe it's
maybe like a watermelon cucumber so I
think it's time to just prime our skin
and get started really I'm using the
wire cells you should clap blur primer
this is an amazing primer I'm just going
to pop that all over my skin today and
to apply my foundation in two different
ways I'm going to tap it onto this side
of my face I'm also going to swipe it
onto this side of my face that way we
can get a better understanding as the
two different ways to apply the
foundation and how they look on the skin
first of all I'm going to go in and just
swipe it along this side of my face I'm
just going to pop that foundation on to
half of that sponge which is quite
difficult actually to do I have made of
good old mess in yes now that the
foundation is on the sponge I'm just
going to go ahead and slice it
on the areas where we have redness or
breakouts showing through it hasn't
covered them in the slightest however
and this is a big however it looks so
natural and so flawless and radiant and
it literally does look like a second
skin if you're looking for a full
coverage foundation so far doing a
swiping technique it's not going to get
you that look but if you want something
really easy to apply you can literally
just swipe on run out the door
then this potentially could be the one
we're going to move on to the other side
of my skin now and I'm going to use the
fluffier side of the sponge and try it
in a packing technique to see what
difference that makes has cooled along
the top of the sponge so slightly I'm
going to try and clean that up
while I've made such a mess I'm just
going to go ahead and tap that
foundation you can instantly see a
different level of coverage altogether
just by using a tap in and a scruffy of
sponge this has a lot more coverage and
this side of my face and isn't really
surprising I didn't think there would be
that much difference
I'm actually really surprised at how
noticeable the difference is in that
foundation it definitely does look more
flawless on this side of my skin it has
covered up a lot of that redness not a
hundred percent covers but it has
covered up a large majority of the
redness we do definitely have that
radiant glow but it's more of a
foundation radiant glow if that makes
sense I'm just a blur the lines a little
bit more between the two sides I do have
to go out and run some errands and I
don't want to go out with a big line
between my face so I'm just going to tap
very gently just below those lines and
hopefully that's now not too noticeable
on the different sides of my skin gonna
go ahead and finish the rest of my
makeup spot on a little bit of under-eye
concealer and to set my base today I'm
using the NARS translucent crystal
powder I'm going to use my zoeva
rose golden one 1/4 luxe base focus
brush this is one of my favorite
favorite brushes that's in the under eye
area and the contour today I'm using the
wire cell Couture contouring palette and
this is in the series really console
room
I have actually applied some concealer
to the underwrite however I haven't
actually applied any for the rest of my
skin including the areas where we do
have pigmentation and redness showing
through it's not a 3 p.m. so I'm just
going to leave this on my skin for as
long as I can and I will check back in
with you guys a couple of hours let you
know how I'm getting on it's been around
five hours now since I first applied
vertical application foundation onto my
skin went out to run some errands in the
car and did a little bit of shopping
have some lunch strokes my ski and this
is now where we're at I did apply the
foundation in two different ways across
my skin's this side was more natural and
this side was definitely more full
coverage by the way that we applied it
slide has more creasing in the under eye
area around here you can definitely see
more creases and this side looks a lot
more natural that is a little bit of
grease in but not too much my smile
lines here are starting to come through
and you can see visible pores on my
forehead here which does look a little
bit shiny as well I have some blotting
papers from patcher so I will use those
and we'll having it and look at how much
soil has been secreted I'm very gently
just going to block
you can see quite a lot has come off
this basically fills an entire loss in
paper we have it lost and is the
foundation by using the blossom paper
and we also haven't kicked on any more
powder we're back now to where we
started and I will check back in with
you guys in a few more hours hey guys so
it's around 2:30 a.m. and it's been 11
and a half hours since I first applied
Patricia clout and the cushion
foundation onto my skin now when I
previously checked in we managed to fill
an entire patch of blossom paper with
the oils and secreted Freda foundation
and has come through my skin when I look
in the mirror and look at my skin now we
grab my mirror and my face is definitely
looking oily in certain areas especially
at the center of my cheeks my forehead
and the crook of my nose these all looks
particularly oily
under everything I do have more creases
happening on this side than this one my
pores are visibly still showing through
on my forehead but they don't look cakey
they kind of just look like shiny pores
I don't think the oil is happened
because that kind of draws attention to
them all of my red patches are basically
showing through we've got some
patchiness on the side of my face from
the contour and the foundation has
basically gone to the state now with
both sides look the same so the full
coverage side definitely looks very much
like the natural side it's kind of just
sunk in and disappeared okay which ones
think straight to do and it's really
late we're just going to grab one of
those capture papers that once again and
let's see how much and soil will now
come off my forehead when I try again
Oh quite a lot actually that but quite a
big amount that's busy oily
my final thought from the wire itself to
supplant the kitchen foundation if you
have oily skin I wouldn't recommend this
foundation because someone with
combination skin I sells to Boston she
leave a quite large hit with oil
throughout and eleven and a half hour
period I'm not the most oily of people
but I feel like that was a lot of oil
that I gathered from my forehead using
this product you have normal dry or even
a little bit of combination skin give
this one a shot but yeah for oily skin I
probably wouldn't recommend I like the
packaging I think it looks really
glamorous really luxurious
I love the intricate lace details
although I did find it quite difficult
to get my cushion in there at the right
angle to pick the foundation up one
thing I wish why ourselves is with this
sponge whereas instead of making it a
50/50 sponge just give you one of these
and let you decide which one you want to
use they like it's a little bit clunky
to try and only use half the sponge when
you're applying your foundation because
if you're tapping just the sponge you're
going to have a different effect do with
your tap in the fluffy valois guide I
would say use a different sponge other
than that one because it's going to get
annoying real quick you are blessed with
natural flawless looking skin this
foundation may become your best friend
the foundation works best on skin where
there are no imperfections I do love how
natural the fuchsia cloud the cushion
looks on the skin however it doesn't
really do anything for redness
pigmentation or breakouts so I'm really
torn as to recommend it or not I would
have to split it and say if you have
normal but you don't have much scarring
or pigmentation that I would say go for
it and try it you do have hyper
pigmentation redness scarring or acne
blemishes that are really strong then I
would say this one is probably not one
for you it didn't really do much for
those areas I think it's worth pausing
on the suit
another go so here we go guys my first
impressions and thoughts on the web
selfish your clout and excellent
foundation thank you so much for
watching I really enjoyed this video let
me know your thoughts in the comment
section down below let me know what you
think did you like it is hateful it
which size do you think looks better let
me know down below thank you so much for
watching don't forget to hit that
subscribe button because we are so close
1 million subscribers I'll see you guys
soon
