why do you wear makeup a super simple
question but are not so simple answer
let's go back to where it all began as a
teenager make it became this huge part
of my self-image alongside movies
MySpace and MSN Messenger tragic I lived
for art but I was always so frustrated
that I couldn't actually draw and then I
found makeup I literally became obsessed
with finding the blackest eyeshadow ever
and also the fact in my winged liner
fast forward 15 years I still searching
for that perfect eyes shadow palette I'm
still actually getting together with my
friends so we can take photos of each
other to post online not much has really
changed except well everything makeup is
both lifted and taken over my entire
existence it's helped me connect with
people all over the world from India to
Island and Malaysia to Manchester I
never would have imagined makeup helping
me form friendships for life or given me
opportunities I could only have dreamed
about because where there are highs
there are also lows and when the lows
leave you feeling like you're slowly
sinking I found myself drifting in the
sea of insecurity makeup became a
distant beacon and it got me back on
track to where I was meant to be but
it's only a lipstick how can that even
make a difference when my skin was at
its worst I found myself in a dark place
struggling with insecurities and feeling
not good enough but where there's a will
there's a way
makeup brought that light back
into my life definitely sparked a new
sense of confidence that I never even
knew is learning how to apply my makeup
change the way I not only saw myself but
how I fought um hurt myself to that help
me show the world who I was on the
inside
on the outside because when you feel
good you're more likely to do good so
remember that life is short and
perfection isn't real so be fearless and
be you channel your creativity and do
all where what makes you happy
the makeup made me feel like a warrior
and help me find the courage and
confidence to stand up for myself the
single most important thing I found and
even learnt through makeup was the
confidence I needed to completely go
without this so why do I wear makeup
because it's not how it makes me look
how it makes me feel
