hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be continuing on our
tradition of try and weird and wonderful
skincare items I've got another unusual
product and one that I personally have
never used or really feared about before
date product is the rather unusual rosio
bee venom micro Sting's patches and the
aging masks of pure hyaluronic acid and
bee venom to reduce the appearance of
fine lines and wrinkles the side of the
Box also have suggested application
under the eyes crow's feet around here
smile lines and vertical lip line Brown
lines and forehead creases here on the
back of the box we've got some more
information and also our instructions so
you guys know the drill
Latveria exclusive patches self
dissolves to reveal a younger looking
skin expertly designed from pure
hyaluronic acid and infuse receive venom
militant pepcid bee venom
plumps and firms wrinkled appearance and
350 micro sting
structure self resolved to correctly
target specific areas a couple of
important questions number one I'm
actually going to fill three engine 50
micro stings because if I do this she's
been rebranded as a torture device and
number two if it's loves resolving it is
just going to disappear or die so let's
peel it off but also be instructions and
it says remove each patch from its
protective film and position carefully
apply directly to the desired area on
cleansed skin without repositioning or
gliding and firmly press leave on to 30
minutes for a quick fix or 60 minutes
the better results and peel off gently
discard patches after you that's really
quite a long time 60 minutes
o portions do not use if you have an
allergy to bee stings as far as I'm
aware I do not have an allergy to bee
stings and please guys make sure that we
do patch test this if you are going to
you
see I have not I am an idiot patch test
it first
inside the box we get four of these
little the venom micro sting patches
sachets and put them on this area here
because that is definitely an area where
I do notice my fine lines and wrinkles
I'm going to zoom in and to show you my
skin because I feel like that would be
helpful
I'm quite happy with how my skin looks I
have a couple of a fine lines in my
forehead and I am going to develop some
last lines around here zoom in to see if
you guys can see these lines usually
when I smile you can see where they form
otherwise I'm pretty happy with ramekin
look I'm just going to open the packet
and try them out I'm excited but as I've
had guys please do and oh oh that's
really interesting
I don't even but some not one of the
questions that's a free vellum on there
that you can see a little bit skin
regard I really don't think I've ever
bigger so scared
put a face mask on Oh God so I'm just
going to take that bottom one off feel
like maybe I'm doing this all wrong you
can do it
maybe that one's a bit close to my lip
okay so I'm just going to put it in my
under eye area as well because them one
off this pick go horribly wrong on my
face me pops up oh that's it alright
done it the right way and then to the
right way you can definitely see that
I've got a little bit of a dark circle
thing going on here see if this can do
anything about that
well maybe that was a little bit too
close to my eyes feel like that's going
to be quite uncomfortable but it says
that I shouldn't remove it and then we
apply it I'm just going to have to live
with it oh god what am i doing the other
bucket so far how good feels on my skin
is like somebody cut a section of my
q-tip bot and have just put a plaster
over said plastic that's kind of what it
feels like so here's what I'm going to
do I've just set a timer on my phone for
30 minutes I'm going to take for one
side of my face off after 30 minutes and
the second side of my face off after 60
minutes then we can compare and contrast
to see if it is worthwhile for a quick
fix or if you do need to go on to the
longer treatment of 60 minutes I feel
like 60 minutes is quite a long time
could be something that maybe you can
wear while you're doing your emails or
while you're watching TV or anything
like that really I'm just going to leave
this where it is I'll see you guys in a
bit
okay guys so it's now been around 30
minutes since the be valiant patches
were applied to my skin and I'm now
going to take off the ones from this
side of my space my face still feels
fine I don't really feel much different
it just feels like there's something
quite firm Sall escaped or plastered to
my face so yeah I'm just going to remove
them and let's hope for the best
and next I'm going to remove it from the
under eye area on first impressions I
can definitely see the bridges that are
left behind from the patches now in
terms of my smile lines I actually think
it's tons something I'm pretty sure that
it has actually made different I can
still see a faint line in the top part
but this area here I definitely do feel
like it makes a little bit of a
difference for the under eye area after
30 minutes I'm not really seeing that
much difference I can just kind of see
the mark from where the the patch was
I'm going to carry on monitoring this
side of my skin and after another 30
minutes we shall remove the episode okay
guys so it's now the moment of truth
and the bee venom patches has been on
this side of my face it for 60 minutes
time to remove them and let's see what
we're left with I'm going to start with
the one on my smile line sir let me peel
it off
I can still see some raised squares on
my face
from the patch but I honestly feel like
I can see a difference and it kind of
disappeared I do feel like after 30
minutes I definitely thought a little
bit after 60 minutes there is a
noticeable difference if I leave around
a centimeter of space here above where
the patch with position this area here
which is where some of the deepest parts
of that smile line was it's a lot less
noticeable and unpleasantly surprised
I'm going to move on to the under eye
area and let's see if there's any
difference between 30 minutes and 60
minutes after 30 minutes I couldn't
really see any difference and after 60
minutes I do feel like maybe this area
around here is a little bit slum part
I'm really unsure knowledge up to you
guys to decide on that do you think
there was any difference in the under
eye area let me know in the comment
section down below the final thoughts on
the rodeo bee venom micro sting patches
this product retails for 90 pounds here
in the UK which i think is equivalent to
around 120 US dollars it's really not a
cheap product and today I use the half
of the product in one go by using it on
my under eye area and my smile lines at
the same time if you are slightly
younger or don't really have any deep
wrinkles or creases then this probably
isn't the best product for you
I feel like this product is going to be
great for 30 plus I think you need more
good piece of wrinkle to really get the
most out of this product because for my
under eye areas I don't feel like it
works but for my smile line I feel like
it definitely did something I would love
to see some reviews from women and men
who are older than me trying this
product and seeing as how it works on
their skin too and yeah I'm quite liking
how it works and with my lines I think
that's about it really that's all I kind
of got from there
what you guys think in the comment
section down below would you buy it when
you try it you like it you hate it let
me know and we are so close to 1 million
subscribers so make sure you hit that
subscribe button give this video a huge
thumbs up and see you guys soon 5
