hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be doing a full face
of makeup using products that I bought
from the pound shop every single items I
am using to do my makeup today cost one
pound each and for those of you guys in
the States one valve is equivalent to
one dollar and 25 cents I'm excited to
see what happens because I love a good
bargain when we tried the two pounds 50
foundation from Primark it was amazing
and I was really excited about that
foundation and so it works really well
fingers crossed we get the same today
with our one pan makeup and let's get
started as prepped and moisturize my
skin ready for makeup application I
don't actually have a primer from the
pan shop today though I'm going to have
to go without the foundation today we
have the makeup gallery gorgeous a
flawless long lasting foundation with
UVA and UVB filters and I actually have
a choice of two different shades today
I've got the ivory one and C warmer
ivory - I have to go to five different
pound stores to try and get the shade
five everyone
so I'm hoping one of these two will be
the right shade and let's open it and
get started to apply my foundation today
actually have a couple of different
options we've got two different makeup
sponges and also a foundation brush I
think I'm going to go for the
traditional Beauty Blender shape one
because if this is a pound and works I
feel like it to change everything I will
be straight for buying ten more of them
Topsham set onto the back of my hand
let's just go for it with our makeup
sponge
I've just applied the foundation onto
the one side of my skin and we can
definitely see a bit of a division
between with the foundation end and
where my skin starts that has come out a
little bit orange and by a little I
definitely mean a lot it is coming out
quite warm it's a little bit patchy in
this area here but I'm going to
persevere for this time I'm going to use
the makeup foundation brush and see how
I get on with this product instead I
definitely found that the foundation was
easier to apply with the foundation
brush and I feel like that's given quite
a natural looking finish it hasn't
actually managed to cover any of my
redness but fear not because I do
actually have a concealer this is the
makeup gallery hide and cheek concealer
with a natural covering this is just a
normal bullet style concealer what I'm
going to do is just take off the top
layer of that product I'm just going to
pop that onto the back of my hands warm
it up a little bit and then go ahead and
try and conceal those breakout I'm just
going to pass that over those problem
areas
oh so far that's covering
I'm just going to keep tapping that
foundation with my brush blend it up I'm
also going to take that concealer in the
under eye area and try and cover up my
dark circles once again I'm just going
to warm that up on the back of my hand
to make it easier to work with - a
little bit looser you can definitely
move it more and it looks more flawless
I'm going to take it using my finger and
just pop that in the under eye area I'm
going to use that makeup sponge that we
used earlier to try and blend it out
that looks so flawless and so natural
from where I'm sat that is very very
similar to the finished effect that I
would get from an Armani foundation
literally so sugar right now in real
life this looks so natural next I'm
going to move on to highlight and
contour the first contour kit has a
cream highlighter with super soft
contour powder with vitamin E and the
second is a cream blush with super soft
contour powder with vitamin E very
similar contour product in both of these
cream highlight in this one and a cream
blush in this one I'm going to give that
light highlight there we go because I
have a feeling but maybe to almost not
so bad actually and I'm going to try it
on my chin and my forehead and then I'm
just going to use my foundation brush
from earlier to blend it out that is now
caked on to my foreheads it was going so
well I'm not going to go for it on the
under eye area because I'm a little bit
scared that I may ruin my face instead
I'm going to go straight the cream blush
in contour kit number two and let's try
this one pink though so pink
to set my base today I'm using the
makeup gallery smoothly does it press
how that I'm just going to take my brush
across that I did get quite a lot of
Fallout then maybe best not to do this
wearing black or outfits that you want
to wear up I'm going to take the zoeva
luxe grande powder brush and then just
continue on by setting the rest of my
skin to contour today and going back to
the design and concert contour kit
because it's such a small powder I'm
actually going to use my anastacio a two
three highlights brush to just get that
product out of the palette it's not
blending too easily I'm going to
persevere I'm also going to take that
contour product down the sides of my
nose considering where we started and
we've got two here I only have five
pounds worth of makeup on my face I'm
pretty pretty impressed so I'm going to
move on to my brows and today I have to
make up gallery all about the brow
eyebrow kit I'm just going to go through
it and I'm using a crown slanted liner
brush to apply that today I am actually
really liking that brow color a lot
better than many products which are pen
the 15 times the price going to move on
to my eye shadow next and I actually
have a little selection here of
different single shadows to choose from
I'm going to start by taking the shade
cappuccino which is a really nice toasty
brow and just going to take that into
the hollows of my eye I'm going to
follow on with the shade deep plum that
first of all I'm just going to test it
in the deepest part of my eye take it
all the way down onto the lid
I'm also going to take the shade deep
plum along my lower lash line and to the
inner corner of my eye I'm taking the
shade gold stuff which is a really
pretty shimmery gold shadow I'm just
going to pop that on before my mascara
today I have to plump up the volume
volumizing mascara is going to go ahead
and apply a generous coating over both
my top and bottom lashes the plump up
the volume mascara not so keen on I feel
like I put a shedload of it on I still
can't really see my lashes so this
mascara compared to some other ones from
the drugstore maybe not the best I don't
actually have a highlighter today I
couldn't actually find one in the pound
store I'm going to be brave and I'm
going to try that gold dust shadow very
very lightly emphasis on the word
lightly I'm going to use my rose gold
fan brush from zoeva to just sweep a
small amounts across the highest points
of my cheeks for my lipstick today I
have the makeup gallery pout matters
matte lips color I got this in the shade
latte - I generally have no idea what
the formula is like on these I didn't
swatch them in store I'm going to give
it a go and yeah hope for the best
okay guys so and this is the finished
look and I do have to say I am so
freakin impressed my entire face of
makeup including a makeup sponge and a
brush came to the grand prize of 13
pounds which is equivalent to a little
bit over $16 and I think to get an
entire face of makeup including brows
highlight mascara and a couple of tools
for that price is incredible my favorite
favorite favorite product out of
everything I used today has to be the
color story eye shadows I picked up the
shade deep plum and the shades gold
first which also works as a multi-use
product because how nice is that as a
highlight these two are definitely
definitely 100% works picking up another
product that I really liked it would be
all about the brows I broke it only one
pound or $1.25 in the folks his shady
air works perfectly for my brows and I
literally can't really tell the
difference between how my brows look now
to how they usually look after using the
benefit brow products
it's totally worth it even if it's just
for that shade now let's talk about the
products I didn't like because there
were some today one of those is the
smoothly does it pressed powder I feel
like it gave quite a lot of fall up it
felt a little bit chalky and I
definitely do have some cake is
underneath my eyes and slightly above my
nose coupled with that I would then have
to add in the concealer to it because I
did use the concealer alongside the
powder because those are two new
products I'm not sure which one is the
culprit so I kind of have to lump those
two together Foundation is another
product that I'm slightly on the fence
about although I think it did give a
really natural second skin look I feel
like it may exercise slightly throughout
the day when I first applied it there
were that pretty bright orange divide
between the two sides of my face and for
quite a while it felt like
it took a while to get it to work just
because something is in the pound shop
or the dollar store or the drugstore it
doesn't mean it's going to be a bad
product and don't let the price point
dictate how much you like or hate a
product let me know what you think which
products did you like which products did
you hey thank you so much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed this video I'll
see you guys soon bye
