hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm actually going to be testing
out some branding makeup products from a
makeup company that I personally have
never used before now in this box here
I've got a selection of makeup products
I purchased all of these products using
my own money
and today's brand is jeffree star
cosmetics I'm purely just going to based
in my thoughts in this video on his
cosmetics how I feel about them today I
like them I will tell you I like them if
I don't like them believe me you will
know I don't know if everything has made
it in one piece we're in this entire
order came to the ground price of 125
pounds and 50 pence I believe that's
probably about 150 160 dollars so this
is our order and we have I chose the
androgyny palette I think the shades
looks pretty nice there's a couple in
there that I definitely would not use so
I'm going to give it a shot
feels quite big in your hand especially
when you compare it to the size of the
modern Renee salt for example it's
definitely a lot slimmer got a mirror
inside so it has this kind of cardboards
kind of frame on it I'm not a fan of
this frame but otherwise the shadows
look quite nice they look sleek I've no
complaints they're also ordered the
jeffree star cosmetics skin frost this
is in the shape ice cold I know
everybody keeps saying online that the
packaging is so big but I didn't expect
it to be that big there's nothing
cracked there's nothing broken that
seems that seems fine we also have the
Java star cosmetics velour lip scrub I
ordered this in mojito Oh
in terms of liquid lipsticks I ordered
two shades one is in a yellow and pink
packaging and one is in a pink and
silver packaging I'm not going to I have
no idea what the difference is between
them in the pink packaging I got the
shade Rose mater and the yellow
packaging is the shade watermelon soda
and finally the last item on my list
is the lip ammunition lipstick and this
is in the shade celebrity skin I feel
like this is like a Barbie's Dreamhouse
product like don't mess with Barbie so
I'm just going to move all the packaging
off my desk and let's get started I've
just taken my hair off my face and first
up I think I'm going to start with the
jeffree star and drogyny palette I feel
like I'm going to do my eyes first and
let's put this palette to the cat I
don't know what I want to go for
actually today I haven't really decided
I'm going to go first of all for the
shows space worth which is a really in
light topi beige shade I'm just going to
take a flat shadow brush and just start
packing that onto the lid as a base
color but it's actually blending out
incredibly easily and I wasn't expecting
that to move so freely I'm going to move
on to the shade charm next and just warm
up those lips a bit I'm just going to
pop that into the crease next I'm going
to take the shade dominatrix and you can
easily bet 2 to 4 luxe defined crease
and you're going to take that into the
deepest part of my eye
for my lips shows I can't decide if I
want to go for deja vu or if I want to
go for frosting I think it's going to be
deja vu
first of all I'm going to try it on the
blanks cosmetics e to full brush and see
how that goes and if it struggles then
I'll move on to my fingers okay we have
no issue always apply in that shadow
from the brush it's literally going on
like a dream
for my under eye area
I'm just going to smoke out my lower
lashline so first of all I'm going to
take the shades charm followed by the
shade dominatrix I'm just going to
finish off those eyes with a touch of
mascara and today I'm using the Bobbi
Brown eye opening and SCARA my eye
makeup is now done and the androgyny
palette I did actually find incredibly
easy to use I feel like the colors
blended up easily the shimmer shade for
a lot more pigmented than I was
expecting I didn't even feel the need to
go in with that DejaVu shade on my
finger it works on a flat shadow brush
straight away I really don't want to use
the word buttery but they blend it out
incredibly easily I will say that now
that my eyes are done I'm going to move
on to the skin frost highlighter I can
actually see your entire face in this
mirror which never really happens and
such a large circumference I'm not
really sure what to expect
I'm guessing it's going to be blind in
because it's just like Darwin's that's
what she kind of does I guess so I
bought the shade ice cold because from
the Beauty Bay website it looks like it
would be the best suited shade for my
skin so I'm going to go ahead and just
use it blind I've never watched this so
I'm really hoping this isn't going to go
horribly wrong it's going to run my
brush over that once twice three times
I feel like it's showing up a lot more
in real life and it is on camera that is
pretty Chloe we did get a fair bit of
fallout from the brush when I ran it
across but that I'm quite proud of that
so far okay that is now a really intense
highlight maybe a little bit too intense
I think for the evening time it would
work really well for daytime I
personally probably wouldn't wear it I
mean like I can't stop staring at it
right now because that flow is is real
I'm going to take that onto my nose and
keep it spoke also take that into the
inner corners of my eyes I feel like if
you're going for that kind of Instagram
highlights and that one is the perfect
kind of one for it so you can't really
miss it it is right there now that we've
got the eye shadow and highlight out of
the way I'm going to move on to the the
lower lip scrub it smells really good
and it does smell like mojito but I
don't know why it does also kind of
smell a little bit like bubblegum and
Semiramis
so I'm just going to take a small amount
of this lip scrub onto my finger and
just go ahead and scrub my lip I guess
what we should've done this before
everything out
my lips are scruff and I've just taken
the excess off so far my lips do still
pretty smooth I feel like 12 pounds for
what is essentially a pot of sugar and
glycerin and flavoring is probably a
little bit too expensive for my liking
feel like my lips approach I just feel
like it's quite pricey for the products
that it is I'm going to move on to a lip
product now and I have the jeffree star
lips ammunition which looks like you
don't want to mess with Barbie with this
product I'm going to go ahead and give
it a go
so I just applied to shade celebrity
skin and it definitely does look true to
shade the color in the bullet is the
exact same color that has applied to my
lips did notice it direct in a couple of
places
otherwise it was fairly straightforward
to apply to my lip feels like quite a
lot of that lipstick did actually wear
off and I don't know how if I'm just
imagining it but I feel like it went
down a lot it just felt like quite a lot
of products came out onto my lips and it
also felt like it applies quite quickly
I'm going to whip that up and let's move
on to the velour liquid lipstick we have
two liquid lipsticks to choose from
today I have watermelon soda which has
this really bright fun yellow cat and I
also have Rose masa I think I'm going to
go for Rose mass at first I feel like
that's very much any kind of shape ask
youth great things about in Formula I've
never tried it myself
let's go through it
every product that I've tried to do is
definitely more vibrant than I was
expected and goes really well with the
highlight I feel like you definitely get
that kind of really girly Barbie vibe
with that feels like it doesn't feel
like I need to neck like ten gallons of
water one thing that was unusual about
these liquid lipsticks it was reduce
foot applicator is that have that little
step and that just helps get you a sharp
line around the outer lip line but it
did kind of take me by surprise a little
bit especially for the outer corners I
found it a little bit more tricky but
for the under area of my lips it nailed
it and did it incredibly easily I think
I'm going to take this shade off and
let's try the shade watermelon soda once
first put this shade on I was like oh my
god I hate it I really really didn't
like it but I feel like it has grown on
me slightly now it could be a really
nice vacation shade to wear on the beach
or on a night out once again it felt
very easy to apply it feels light on my
lips and this is just one coat of liquid
lipstick the Jeffrey star and liquid lip
formula is definitely wetter than
something like the NYX lip lingerie or
even the anasazi liquid lip especially
the beginning of first Formula on those
and these ones go on quite wet and they
do dry fairly quickly they don't dry to
the points where you're like oh my gosh
my lips feel like they're about to crack
and fall off they just feel fat overall
I think out of the two shades Rose
Monster is definitely one that I'll
probably get more wear out of for an
everyday lipstick and the waterline soda
as much as it is a very beautiful lip
show like it's probably a bit much for
me personally my final thought on the
jeffree star cosmetics range the
androgyny palette with 40 pounds
in the UK and I really liked the
eyeshadows I feel like they blend about
incredibly easily there are some great
warm eyes shadows in here for an
everyday makeup look and then they are
sum up the box shades like the blues and
the Greens if you do want to add a
little bit more vibrant color to your
eyes in terms of the highlight I do like
the fact the mirror is so big you can
literally see your whole face I
personally tend to wear more natural
look during the day and that's me is
more a kind of like an in-your-face
highlight it definitely does give you
that really BAM Instagram glow in terms
of the lower lip scrub it smells amazing
it smells so freakin good I just think
it's quite expensive so personally I
probably would not repurchase that I
feel like I'd rather go to lush and get
one at more affordable price points from
them and in terms of the lipsticks I
think out of the three of them the lip
ammunition is probably my least favorite
the liquid lips on the other hand I
really like that formula it applied
incredibly easily it dries really
quickly and the colors are really true
to life the color on the lips looks
slightly and as you drop them break it
it was going so well it was really going
so well I've literally now just taken
out two chunks of the lid and two chunks
at the bottom so yeah that's broken so
we just move on if I had to recommend
one product from everything I've tried
today I'd say try the androgyny palette
try those shadows and yeah don't drop
your lipsticks on the floor or you'll
take out about five trucks from
packaging like I just did those were my
first impressions on the jeffree star
cosmetics let me know what you guys
think do you like terms you just like
them which products with your favorite
and let me know in the comment section
down below thank you very much for
watching I'll see you guys soon bye
