hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm talking you through how to do
this Taylor Swift inspired makeup look
so if you want to find out how to get
this look just keep watching
first up primer and today I'm using the
YSL Touche Clark glow shot and I'm just
gonna apply that mainly to three areas
which on my cheeks chin and forehead and
using clean fingers I'm just gonna blend
it out today I have the Laura Mercier
flawless fusion foundation and I'm gonna
be using my cute little sapphire Beauty
blender to blend it out I definitely say
that this foundation is more like a
medium to full coverage satin finish and
I just like to make sure that my Beauty
Blender is extra damp when using a
product like this to really get a
natural look you can definitely see a
difference in the before and after so
I'm just gonna keep going applying that
slowly building it up little by little
with our foundation figured out let's
move on to brows today I'm using the
make up forevers brow gel in the shade
clear I really love the formula with
this product it's got some small fibers
in there which definitely helps give you
that kind of natural fluffy brow look
and to take them to the next level the
benefits precisely my brow pencil for my
eyeshadow today I have the Urban Decay
Born to Run palette this is their brand
new palette and I'm going to start by
taking the shade Weekender followed by
the shade riff in the crease to add some
depth and finally the shade Holroyd's
to add a touch of richness and a little
bit of sass ok so I admit I've slightly
fallen out of love with winged liner a
little bit but today I'm gonna use the
claudia schiffer liquid eyeliner pilot
to go ahead and add a nice big wing and
some of the reputation images that I saw
her eyeliner is definitely bigger than
normal so I kind of went hard today of
one thing I
we'd like to do with winged liner is
just a fly a nice generous coating of
pencil liner when it doesn't fall off
too tight line using the charlotte
tilbury legendary lashes mascara i'm
going to generously coat my lashes
before moving on to my false lashes and
today i have the house of lashes allure
light lashes for concealer today i'm
using the laura mercier flawless fusion
concealer and i think this is in the
shade 1 and which is the lightest
neutral shade so i'm just gonna apply
that and the under eyes forehead and a
chin and just once again using my damp
beauty blender to blend it out and to
set my base I'm using the hourglass
mineral veil powder and I really like
this powder at the moment I definitely
think it's one to try and to add a touch
of that Tennessee glow I'm going for the
Too Faced milk chocolate matte and using
a large fluffy brush I'm just going to
take that onto my forehead cheeks and
below my chin for a hint of rosy glow
I'm using the bare minerals pink me up
blush and to add a touch of highlight
the Primark PS insta girl iridescent
highlighter I will need to bring the
whole look together and using the buxom
plump line pencil in the shade espionage
I just love how easy these are to apply
and oh my god it just makes life so much
easier and there we go guys this is the
finished look I hope you enjoyed this
video and if you have any other
suggestions for celebrity inspired looks
you'd love to see me do them please do
let me know in the comment section down
below thank you so much for watching
don't forget to subscribe I'll see you
guys soon bye
