hi guys and welcome back to another
foundation testing video in today's
video we are talking through and trying
a drugstore foundation one that I
haven't actually used before because the
shade range just didn't work for me they
have just released and extended the
entire range to be more inclusive
Efrain and if you haven't worked that
what I'm talking about just yet it is
the brand new selection of foundation
from Maybelline we actually have two
different types of foundations choose
from today along the clock we have to
dream protein liquid best suited for
normal and dry skin coverages medium and
cause a dewy and radiant finish which I
am I'm like all about that dewy radiant
lip so that one is like singing to me
right now along the bottom we have the
fit me matte and poreless foundation
that says cover imperfections such
beauties for normal to oily skin but
rich is medium for all and finish is
natural and Matt I'm actually good go
for the dream satin liquid foundation
because I am all about the dewy and
radiant skin look I have no idea which
shade I am in these foundations so I
thought it might be really fun to try
and color match myself on camera so we
can see how every single shade look
recently saw that Kristin Lee Anne did
an awesome swatch video on Instagram and
I thought I'd give that a shot and pay
homage to Kristin Lee Anne and give my
version ago with the Maybelline Dream
satin liquid foundation so without any
further ado roll the swatches
so as all the shades that are available
in the dream satin liquid foundation
going to go for the shade natural ivory
to apply it today I'm going to use a
Beauty Blender and just bounce it out to
get a really natural looking coverage so
first of all I'm just going to apply it
onto the one side of my face so we can't
really see the difference
so far I am so impressed that one has
literally covered so much of that
redness like really easily
it definitely has that second skin look
to it I'm going to go ahead and apply
that onto the second side of my skin I'm
just going to go in with the pointed
sides of the beauty blender to get right
into the under-eye area using that
foundation I was definitely saved that
has given me a medium to fall look I've
got some intense pigmentation here still
showing through the foundation but on
the under eye area and the section in
between my brows it just definitely made
a big big difference so I'm going to
move on to concealer and you may have
seen the master camo concealer palette
in one of my previous video we're going
to take the medium shade just onto those
breakouts that are still showing through
and then I'm going to take the lightest
shade underneath my eyes I'm also going
to take that likely carried onto my chin
and the center of my forehead and then
once again use my beauty blender to
blend it out for my brows today I'm
using the Maybelline brow precise
fibrous filler and this is in the shade
dark blonde for my eyeshadow today I'm
taking the Maybelline 24-karat nudes
palette I think I'm going to take this
really pretty rosy pink shape here and
just run that all over the lid for the
inner corner of my eye I'm going to take
this light shade here and just run that
in the inner corner I'm also going to
take that shows just underneath the
highest point of my brow for mascara
today I'm using the Maybelline the
falsies push-up angel mascara
to highlight today I'm using the
Maybelline master strobe in liquid and
this is in the shade light iridescent
going to take some of that highlighter
onto the back of my hands just a very
small amount and then using my finger
I'm just going to press that lightly on
to the highest points of my cheekbones
that's very likely to blend that up and
finally to finish up the whole look I'm
going for the Maybelline Color
sensational matte and this is in the
shade peach buff and if you want to add
a little bit of a flush to the cheeks
you can just press that same lipstick
onto the cheeks as a cream blush and
then just have gently using your beauty
blender to blend it up this is the
finished no makeup makeup look I am
really really impressed on first
impressions that looks so beautiful on
the skin that has definitely done a good
job of even in at my skin tone and I
think the best part of all is it's only
$7.99 the other projects that I am super
impressed with as well with the
Maybelline brow precise brows file I've
never really used like a brow color like
that file
quite like in that color let me know
what you think what were your first
impressions you liked it do you not like
it let me know in the comment section
down below thank you so much for
watching thank you for Maybelline for
sponsoring and working with me on this
video don't forget to give this video a
big thumbs up hit the subscribe button
and I'll see you guys soon bye
