hi guys and welcome back today I thought
I would do a little bit of a skincare
review for you guys one of the questions
that I get asked all the time is what is
my favorite favorite skincare had so
many good experiences and also so many
bad experiences one product or should I
say three products should have
definitely worked for me
and but if I do actually still get quite
emotional talking about the illah hand
mix then three little wonders that this
is the brand new relaunched set I
honestly feel like I owe how my face
looks now to these products when my skin
was at its worst nothing was working for
me for like the longest time without
like I was at a rut friend and I found
the three little ones are set by Allah
hammocks Ben I introduced these products
into my skincare routine and literally
within two weeks it felt like everything
had changed
if you followed my skin journey then
you'll know that I've used these
products for absolute years without
further ado I'm going to get it together
try and keep my emotions in check and
it's going to talk to you about these
products is where I start cry inside the
box we've got the three products that I
have explained at truth serums the sheer
transformations effect in moisturizer
and also the invigorating night's
transformation
gel these three products are all
designed to work in perfect harmony with
each other and there's so many amazing
properties and ingredients in these
products let's start off with the first
one
the illah Henriksen truth serum collagen
boosters with Triple A vitamin C complex
this comes with a pump action nozzle
that would be enough to do like your
whole face really in this serum this
product
smells so citrusy it smells like a
mandarin jelly which is yellow to you
guys in the state that kind of it smells
like in terms of texture it's super
super silky and it just glides onto your
skin I like to use this in the morning
times one or two pumps to set all over
my skin and let that sink in and then
I'll move straight on to step number two
get to in the
a mixin three little wonders that is the
shear transformation perfecting
moisturizer now this is again one of my
all-time favorite moisturizers one of
the questions that I get asked all the
time is how do you even out your skin
tone this really does help me with
reducing the appearance of red marks or
pigmentation on my skin in terms of
scent it doesn't really have one it kind
of smells pretty much almost fragrance
free it definitely smells light and it
doesn't have any kind of floral or
overbearing scent to it it's really
lightweight and it's really silky almost
kind of like melts in and just
disappears
traditionally I get oily in my t-zone
area and everywhere else I can kind of
get quite dry and dehydrated when I use
this moisturizer I find that I don't
necessarily get the dry patches that I
may experience with other brands it just
works really well for me by keeping my
oils at bay but then also giving
moisture and nourishment where it may be
dry in the morning I apply my truth
serum and then I'll follow it up with
the shear transformation moisturizer I
find that these two products just work
together perfectly if I could change
anything about this product I think I'd
actually have it come with the spatula
that way you can let the products come
up a lot more cleanly and you don't have
to worry about any cross-contamination
about getting reduce or germs in there
really so yeah that's all I would change
about this product and I oh I probably
make it smell fruity it's hot and the
Uni reason I say that is because the
vitamin C truth serum just smells so
good I think that's all I get
it was the evening time I'll go back to
the final product and this is the Alicia
mixer invigorating night's
transformation gel when I use this
product consistently as part of my
skincare routine I see such a huge
improvement in my skin I like to use the
early Henriksen invigorating night
transformation gel in the night because
that's adventurous I'll just take a
single pump of that gel work it between
my fingertips like so and then I'll just
go and apply that all over my skin and
being careful to avoid the eye area
after the invigorating night treatment
gel has fully absorbed into my skin are
going and apply with the sheer
transformation perfecting moisturizer
this is another product that will really
help reduce the appearance of redness
and pigmentation and any kind of
scarring that may be on my skin if
there's one skin care specs that I could
recommend to you it would be this one so
yeah if you couldn't tell I had so much
love for these products
I have don'ts loves of this brand and
it's not often you hold a brand in such
high esteem and that you actually meet
the founder and they're genuinely like
the nicest person ever let me know what
you guys think in the comments have you
tried these products would you try them
thank you so much for watching and thank
you so much doing economic zone for
working with me on this video if you
liked this video and please don't forget
to give it a huge thumbs up and don't
forget to subscribe I'll see you soon
bye
