hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through a full face of first
impression the majority of the products
I'm using today are brand new and have
literally just been released a few will
have been product so let's go starting
my drawer for quite a while but I
haven't got around to use in so I
thought I'd give it a go today and talk
you through how I feel about them prep
my skin I'm going through the pixie girl
ocean days you this is the product that
I've used many times I kind of have a
one in one out policy that way if
something breaks me out I kind of know
what it's going to run this along my
fingers and then just go ahead apply it
all over my skin for foundation today
and going forward this and in this book
we have secured your money dressed close
the face I start to take the power I am
quite a big fan of the luminous silk and
the maestro mix together this one here
is the new power of fabric foundations
your money power fabric long way at
height cover foundation and this is in
shade number two and haven't watched any
videos of this foundation in just yet I
don't really know what to expect but I'm
going to give it a go and hope for the
best
a while that is full coverage
you can definitely see a huge difference
between applying the foundation unknown
foundation we can still see some
pigmentation and some bright red patches
through that foundation but otherwise
it's done a pretty good job of covering
it's going to move on to finishing the
other side next up we have concealer and
today I'm giving the Maybelline master
camo
palette a shot it comes with a little
brush am I good for that middle shape
there first of all and I'm just going to
take that on the brush oh that's quite
creamy I'm going to give it a shot on my
skin this patch here you can still see
through but otherwise it's covered
pretty well I'm not sure on its
longevity just yet but on first
impressions that's pretty good so far I
like it the next new products I'm trying
today is the Diego Jolla Palmer palette
I've never used anything from this brand
before I don't know what to expect
there's a highlight or contour and
guessing this is an illuminator a
bronzer and a blush I think this is a
bronzer it might just be another brush
it also came with an opal brush as well
I'm going to give it a go I'm going to
start with the contour shade first for
her always look cute on Bellomo turn I'm
going to try and pick the excess product
off and then it gives it a blend out
using this brush
I thought I've been just putting more
products on my face going back to that
foundation brush that's I'm just going
to gently try and blend that up feel
like I'm struggling to make it not look
patchy and look at the face on my hand I
was going to try the highlight shade but
after watching it that is too dark for
my skin I can see it sitting on top I'm
going to take the like this yellow shade
from the Maybelline master camera
palette and I'm going to give that one a
go instead I'm going to use that same
Diego della Palma brush and try and
blend it out
now that my highlight and contour is
mainly done I'm going to move on to the
under eye area and this is like a little
bit of a glitter bomb it's also the 25
year anniversary of the two o'clock I'm
going to go ahead and highlight my under
eye area using this and pray but I don't
get these little stars everywhere how
cute is that and to set all of that and
using the Rimmel stay matte Rita Ora
powder and this is in the shade zero
zero one transparent and I'm pretty sure
this is the exact same transparent
powder this one has a really pretty
silver package rather than the
traditional news package going to go
ahead and set my BAE to use in that
powder I'm going to move on to my brows
and today I have the benefit goose brow
brow pencil again I've never used this
product it is in the shade number three
I'm guessing that's going to be the
right shade I'm going to start by
brushing through my brows and then I'm
just going to go through it I filled in
one brows you can see the difference it
does look pretty natural it looks pretty
full but the difference between my
natural brow and my filled in brow is
just insane so far to set my brows and
keep them in place and using the benefit
gimme brow I'm hoping that it's going to
be the right shape but as always I
haven't got a clue
Oh won't even come out and I'm special
at the box I am going to get fit okay so
anything I think this is too dark I'm
gonna keep going of
six that was a bit of consumer aside
from the fact that my brows are a little
bit too dark
I was quite feeling the goof-proof brow
pencil I thought it was really easy to
use but what do you think the deepest to
dark are they okay look at the state on
my hand oh my god I'm Orange I'm going
to move on to this which arrived the
other day and in here we have oh that
looks broken like crazy this eyeshadow
everywhere we've got a bunch of their
real lipstick and a bunch of their real
eyeshadows with a duo shadow blender I'm
going to go for Oh what sorrowful
provocative plum I think isn't I so
you've got this quite bulky plastic
packages we have the eyeshadow duo we've
got a light color on the top and a
darker color on the bottom payments to
like use both at the same time
mmm cross fans
okay so put the lighter shade this and
the darker shade today I'm going to try
and lighter on the lid and darker in the
crease
those times fixed up like I'm just
making it we're just going to blend that
up okay it's going to try batteries work
what like what am I going to do with
that
that looks terrific I'm just gonna a
mallet we blend that out I'm going to
take some of the L'Oreal Paris micellar
water I'm just going to need a nap that
under eye area I'm going to take a small
pencil brush and just run that darker
shade on the lower lash line as well I
don't know what is going on with this
benefit palette but it is not working
for me I'm going to put some mascara on
this is the Bobbi Brown i opening
mascara that massage has definitely made
a big difference
bear in mind I'm not wearing any lashes
it is super volume eyes I am missing a
couple of glasses here in the center you
can kind of tell for my blush today and
picking the Primark PS blast this one
with one pound fifty I'm just going to
go ahead and apply that using a Primark
PS angles powder brush for highlighter
today I'm using the iconic London
illuminator it says shake well before
you spray so I'm just going to shake
that I'm going to drop that onto the
bucket oh god that's too much I'm going
to take them on my finger and just press
that onto the highest point of my cheek
tap that out using a brush okay so from
the front you can't really see it but as
soon as I turn to the side that's pretty
glowing okay I'm just going to take that
onto my Cupid's bow it does a pretty
good job of glowing on the cheekbones I
just don't necessarily like how it looks
on my Cupid's bow I feel like it kind of
just looks a little bit like smudged
lipstick again I don't know if that's
because of my skin tone or because of
the tones the eliminators but yeah not
feeling it on the Cupid's bow but liking
how it looks on the cheek anyway I'm
going to move on to lipstick I have the
VIP collection I think this is caused
from Anastasio there are 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
unmade
in shape in there I think I'm going to
take this shake here called poets I feel
like that one's probably going to go the
best alright guys so this is the
finished look I am digging that lip
color that is the poet liquid lipstick
and I just love how it looks on the skin
foundation I will definitely be trying
again concealer definitely will be
trying again and definitely the mascara
again everything else at the moment I'm
kind of on the fence about that is it
for my first impressions video let me
know what you guys think which products
stood out the most to you thank you so
much for watching if you enjoyed this
style of video let me know your thoughts
in the comment section down below and as
always thanks so much for watching I'll
see you guys soon bye
