hi guys and welcome back today I'm going
to be testing and giving you my first
impressions on the mana Cosmetics silly
sponge now I actually ordered this
product a couple of weeks before
Christmas and I'm still waiting for my
order to arrive but randomly out of the
blue
somebody should send me one this week
that never happened so I'm waiting for
something for like a long time anyways
this is the Monica domestics totally
sponge it was going viral on Twitter and
in the newspapers and magazines recently
for being this kind of like online
sensation the next big thing in beauty
apparently apparently got a little press
release here so I'm going to read you
what it says let's get the spill out the
way the immediate internet sensation is
being tested as the next big thing in
beauty sending Beauty aficionados in a
frenzy to get their hands on the seller
spam previously only available directly
from Monica's message based in Hong Kong
with a wait time of up to 21 days the UK
delivery
yeah no I'm still waiting the series
sponge allows the seamless application
of liquid or cream foundations and
flushes without wasting any product as
it doesn't soak up a thing needs and
only half of what you would use with a
normal brush or sponge this efficient
tool blends perfectly onto the skin
providing smooth even coverage let's
open it and see what it's like
there we go we're in we're in and this
is what it looks like it looks a little
bit weird
we're going to open it up mmm it doesn't
feel like any beauty product I've ever
tried before so here's how we use it
because I I don't really know right now
it's a little bit weird dab a small
amount of cream or liquid products on
your face and apply in circular motion
or back and forth to spread evenly tap
repeatedly to blend and settle all the
sizin Sproles
to create the points the detail and
point application repeats and build
coverage as needed Boldin it makes me
feel like I'm gonna rip it
mmm yy-you need to cold it oh so I
caught it okay first of all I'm going to
pop on some primer and I'm just going to
use the teacher clap so they're primers
because it's one of my favorite primers
so I've popped a hair band on and now
I'm just going to apply my primer all
over my skin using my fingers just going
to go for it this primer smells so good
and we are ready to go it is the moment
of truth I feel like if I hold this too
hard my nails will just go straight
through it as long as that would be it
clearly so it will be oddly satisfying
for foundation I'm going to use the
Revlon Colorstay this is a great
affordable foundation everyone really
kind of knows what this foundation is
like you know what to expect I'm not
sure which side of the sponge I'm meant
to you it doesn't really say so I guess
I'm going to go for the the back side
back side of it this not sure that's the
right thing let's go for it
I have those products on my face I'm
going to zoom in and let's just hope for
the best
whoa I think we used too much foundation
you know let's just slice it it feels
like a little bit of a slip and slide
going on my face right now
you know sometimes when you use like a
Beauty Blender you have to really bounce
it this is just flying for my skin it's
really weird
fold break you don't very super break oh
god the sauces for the brick around my
eye I'm gonna go it works and usually it
takes me a lot longer than that to apply
my foundation yeah you want to tap it to
blend aren't you feel like they're
having me on with that I'm like quite
impressed by how quick that was to use
I'm going to try it the same on the
other side and I'm going to try and
actually follow the instructions this
time and try circular motions and then
it's half in motion because I'm not sure
that I did that on this side I think I
just went for it and didn't even think
about what I was doing
new circular motions doesn't work
because the foundation is not cooling in
this little seam here whereas if you
apply it in up and down strokes it's
much easier to blend this foundation
that was stuck in the seam is now
putting lines on my face let me just try
and blend that out
yeah you just really do have to tap to
blend
and I'm gonna fold it I'm just going to
do that and then get it into my iron for
this so my foundation is now applied and
I definitely do feel like this with
super quick to apply foundation using
this top of my face I just flew through
and avoid it so quickly without even
realizing I don't even know how I used
it I can
did it and then was like what if I
actually think okay all those things
happen so quickly I'm going to go in
surrounds to and testing I'm just going
to pop on some under-eye concealer i'm
going to use the Bobbi Brown creamy
concealer because that is literally on
my desk in front of me and I fold it in
half like so and try and get to the
under eye area to blend out that
concealer I'm using the inside edge of
the sponge this time for my chin and
forehead I'm just going to use the back
and it's happy motion to test number
three and taking the Rimmel royal flush
cream blush and this is in the shade
majestic pink I'm going to see how it
can blend out the cream blush I'm going
to Pat that onto my cheeks and then give
it a shot that you can really sponge to
blend it out so it's actually pretty
good
I'm just going to finish up the rest of
my makeup and then I'm going to come
back and give you my final thoughts all
right guys so my makeup is now applied
and this is my finished kind of thing
okay this was really fun so I get
definitely made applying my foundation
really really easy it literally glided
across my skin definitely made blending
out concealer really easy and even more
so on the cream blush let's look at the
downsides of the silly sponge is it is
gimmicky as I don't like that it has
this great edge around the outside that
it does definitely hold on to quite a
lot of product energy store when I was
trying to apply it here it was given me
like lines from where the products had
pulled in that area when I fold it like
that I feel like it's going to snap
probably won't snow but it definitely
feels like it will oh it kind of just
like freaks me out I can't hit objects
really feeling why but it does
also finds it a little bit difficult
when folding it and getting it right
into the corner of my eye when you fold
it it goes really hard you need that
kind of elasticity as a Beautyblender
or like the softness of a brush to
really help blend out the product do I
think we're all going to ditch our
beauty blenders and everyone's going to
use silly sponges probably not maybe if
you just get on with Beauty blenders
then you may get on well with this but
yeah I don't think this time next year
we'll all be using silicon jizz let me
know what you think of it in the comment
section down below and if there are any
other products you'd like to see me try
thank you for watching don't forget to
subscribe I'll see you guys soon fine
