hi guys and welcome back today we're
doing another foundation testing video
in my last foundation video we tested
the Primark PS 2 pounds 50 liquid
foundation today I thought I'd go to the
complete other side at the foundation
spectrum inside this bright obnoxiously
yellow bag we have the most expensive
beauty products I have ever bought in my
life part of me did feel a little bit
sick paying for it and the foundation
that I'm putting to the test is the lip
rarey skin caviar concealer and
foundation this product cost the grand
price of one hundred and forty six packs
about a hundred and eighty US dollars I
think I did also ask the sales assistant
if they had any primers that I could try
with the foundation and I received a
sample of the cellular radiance
perfecting fluid pure gold
I literally googled this product and
nearly fell off my chair 30 mils of this
product costs 372 pounds around 450
dollars I'm going to apply this as a
primer over half of my face to give the
foundation a fair shot at working I'm
just gonna pop a small amount on the
back of my hand that sound poor it's
probably worth about 25 quid in an
instant your beauty is bathed in a
golden light and visibly perfected is
this exquisite fluid guide gly built
glam dyke back exquisite fluid glides
over your skin overtime a skin is deeply
revitalized and radiance is enhanced
your skin looks sublime and irresistible
as if lit from within that instantly
provides a soft focus effect for a
flawless appearance
perhaps promotes collagen production for
smoother looking skin and reflecting
light at its best contributes to fading
spots for an even looking complexion
using fingertips gently smooth over face
avoid getting into eyes allow to absorb
completely I still don't know what this
does I'm just going to apply it onto
half my face and we're going
see if it makes any difference so let's
give it a go the sense doesn't strike me
as the type of scent that a younger
person would wear it does strike me as a
little bit of an older son smells a
little bit floral and I take home it
just smells a bit like my nan it
definitely feels soft and it glided over
fairly easily so far so good
now usually I'll test the foundation is
three different types of lighting but I
didn't actually do that with this one so
that could be a terrible mistake I
really really hope it wasn't I actually
bought this in the shade tender ivory
now let's just talk about the packaging
for a minute that is some of the
slickest packaging I think I've ever
seen
you get the brush you get the stand that
looks pretty impressive compared with
the cheap one that we tried last time
and you can definitely tell which one
has had more money spent on the
packaging and thought process behind it
you also get this rather epic
instruction book these are all obviously
in different languages the English
language I will read out because that's
all I'm capable of reading instant
perfection slips onto your face with
this dewy natural looking foundation and
exquisitely matched concealer compaq
this is the foundation of perfection
apparently apparently that's what that's
what they claim better be the head of B
446 pounds I'll tell you that well
before applying with spatula remove a
small amount of the foundation from the
jar oh that's the spatula just apply
that onto the back of my hand I would
say that's equivalent to about two pumps
use fingertips dot on forehead nose
cheeks and chin to start with I'm going
to apply it onto the side of my face
without any primer on my forehead to my
cheeks side of my face on my chin and to
apply I'm going to use the foundation
sponge that comes with it
so the color thankfully right now seems
to be matching okay which I'm quite
pleased about because I can't take it
back and you can see straight away how
much coverage that's given and just Pat
in there onto my skin so I've just
applied that foundation on the one side
of my face and as you can see so far it
has done an incredible job of evening at
my skin tone I can definitely see a
difference in the under eye area around
here from where the foundation starts
and the foundation ends now on the sides
where we don't have the foundation you
can definitely see discoloration from my
dark under-eye circles around here and
also see my pigmentation from my acne
scars definitely feel like this side is
a lot more even it just has that natural
radiant glow I'm going to move on to the
side which we applied the primer to
we're going to have to go back in for
another scoop of that foundation because
I used it all on this side of my face
in terms of coverage I'd say it's about
a light to medium coverage you can
definitely still see some of my
pigmentation on my cheek here and a few
little bits on my forehead around here
they'll have pores and I still have
natural human skin view areas where
pigmentation is still showing through
I'm going to use the la Prairie
concealer that comes with the foundation
and I'm just going to go ahead and try
and conceal those areas use your finger
to tap or Pat concealer onto the
specific area over the foundation do you
have to say it does feel incredibly
creamy let's zoom in
I felt like it really struggled over
some of the pigmentation if you do have
acne scarring or you do have really
vivid pigmentation this concealer will
probably struggle to cover it
I haven't actually applied it on to the
under eye area just yet so I'm going to
go ahead and give that a shot on this
side of my face first in terms of my
dark circles the la Prairie concealer
has managed to cover it and I feel like
this does again look incredibly natural
so I'm quite impressed with that so far
and I'm going to go ahead and apply it
onto the a fry
that is now the foundation and concealer
fully applied onto my face to set that
I'm going to use a powder that I use on
a daily basis and that is the pixie
color correcting powder foundation the
perfect one to use to set these products
because I know what I get when I use it
now that my base is set I'm just going
to finish off the rest of my face with
some light everyday makeup and then
let's come back and see how it looks
okay so my makeup is now applied and I
feel like that looks really natural I
feel like it looks like I've got barely
anything on my skin it is now 5:37 p.m.
I'm gonna check back in in a couple of
hours I might go to Ikea actually or
just generally go and do some errands
I'll actually leave my house and see how
it performs will it come up with lasts
in a while bye
it's been around four hours and in the
time that I've applied this foundation
I've been outside I went to Starbucks I
bought some iced tea there was like a
little tiny bit of rain it doesn't look
as fresh as it did when I first applied
it but it doesn't necessarily look bad
either
Dean wise it's still looking fresh it's
still looking radiant we haven't really
got cakey areas and it hasn't
necessarily separated anywhere either
oh it has slightly come off from my nose
by here we've got one little patch here
where it's come off maybe one little
patch there that's probably from blowing
my nose otherwise I haven't reapplied
any of my makeup except a touch of the
lip balm because my lips were dry
annoyingly it seems to be doing quite
well I'm gonna check back in a couple
more hours and give you guys my final
thoughts hey guys so it's around 1:30 in
the morning and my foundation has now
been on my face for almost seven hours
so I thought it'd be a good time to talk
you through how my face looks pretty
much at the end of the day before I take
my makeup off there is some creasing in
the under eye area here and I am
starting to notice the foundation where
enough around these parts of my face I
in terms of my pigmentation and scarring
they are definitely showing through a
lot more than they were when I first
applied it and in my last update
starting to get a little bit cakey
around the sides of my nose here I could
go out and meet my friends with my face
looking like this I wouldn't be worried
I wouldn't feel like I'd have to quickly
go to the bathroom and reapply my makeup
first let's just look at the positives
at the lip ireri found a
it looks so incredibly natural when you
apply it it looks like skin it goes on
flawlessly and effortlessly the color
tender ivory was a perfect match for my
skin tone and I just really like how it
looks incredibly natural and it looks
like a second skin the negatives on this
foundation it is ridiculously expensive
I do believe it has actually gone up in
price so it's now around one hundred and
fifty pounds I think which makes it one
of the world's most expensive
foundations if not the most expensive
foundation in the world the concealer
although it works incredibly well for
the under eye area and lifted and it
brightened it it didn't actually work
very well on my breakouts definitely did
struggle in those areas big question
with this foundation is is it with the
money and is it actually worth buying I
guess for me unfortunately the answer is
no unless you're like a millionaire or
gazillionaire that's a real thing I'm
just going to say that's a real thing I
don't think that it's worth splashing
out or saving up all of your money to go
out and buy this because I do feel like
there are much better
affordable options out there that can
offer the same if not better coverage
it's definitely been fun trying it out
ad it's good to try new things
a little bit heartbroken it wasn't worth
the money I paid for it
but you live in then and sometimes you
have to try these things to know if you
do or don't like them thank you so much
for watching guys and if there are any
other beauty products or foundations
that you would like to see me try it
then do let me know in the comment
section down below thanks so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe I'll
see you guys soon bye
