hi guys and welcome back could be every
day I was browsed in Amazon and I was
looking at like the beauty tools and the
beauty gift and I came across this item
I was like who on earth would buy that
that looks terrible that looks awful I
just didn't understand why anyone would
buy it so I bought it to test how it it
is the brand's silky smooth comfy
perfection limited-edition for body and
face this is a facial and body epilator
if you've ever got your eyebrows ready
then you'll know that they do it with
these a cotton and they get the sharpest
straightest lines across your brows this
I guess works in the same principle
because instead of having any reduced
kind of pull the hairs up you have this
bit of cotton that's threaded across the
front and I think that's what works to
pull out all your hair let's open it and
let's see how it works we have a special
charger it is a reel of fret it's a fuck
oh my god is that above I think it's
just a bit of fluff traditional a three
point AC adapter plug this is what we've
all been waiting for do you use it there
with you use it then it says facial
thread in is a traditional Beauty
technique from ancient China
this model hair remover follows the
concept of facial thread in to remove
the unwanted hair to avoid malfunction
don't get it close to head hair
eyelashes Electric why would you really
close to an electric line please do a
test on arms this clean your skin first
check apply moisturizer or facial lotion
check insert the adapter plug into the
bottom of the device and plug your
adapter into an electrical outlet loose
the cotton thread that is under the
spring tightly to your skin is that this
bit
I was not expecting back no I wasn't
expected in to do that it will cause
slight discomfort oh my god
I don't know if I'm brave enough to put
this thing straight on like this is what
my arm looks like let me zoom in even
more so you can get a proper look there
are hairs on my arm I'm really not sure
if I'm ready for this let's do it
I actually feel a bit sick I'm guessing
ah I don't know if you can see that my
arm is going a little bit red and there
are definitely a couple of balls patches
and I'm now actually petrified to use
this thing on my face um I'm so scared I
don't if I can do it let's do it I'm
going to start on this part of my face
oh okay go here it's not too bad but
here I can live with that
it's a bit of an awkward angle ah oh
that bread is quite warm so it feels a
bit weird haha I got to my forehead I do
not touch your brows Oh No
oh my god that could have ended badly
oh don't think I lost any brow hairs
burn or maybe just a couple I literally
just nearly lost half my eyebrow I've
never been so scared to use a beauty
product in my life ah
to be fair guys my face feels pretty
smooth right now there is no hair left
there it just feels incredibly numb I
guess you could say it does work gonna
zoom in and see if you guys can see the
difference I'm not sure if the camera
will pick up the peach fuzz on my face
though there is quite a bit of peach
fuzz in this area of my face and in this
side where we've just used the torture
device
there's no peach fuzz laughs a little
bit sick after that to be fair that was
not fun I'm really doing fucking face
doing the other part of my face but if I
don't do it I'll have peach fuzz on one
side and though peach fuzz on the other
side and I feel like that just gonna
look weird we know that it works because
of the sheer pain that it's induced oh
my god I have so much regret oh this is
torture
that's a a heart hugging well I'll give
up I don't know if it's just the pain if
I'm a weakling or if this thing is just
that painful I have never ever you
stopping this painful before in my life
have my brows breaded many times that
has been fine I've never had any issues
some of my brows credit it doesn't
really bother me but this this is like
next-level torture device pain remember
how much I paid for it let me check hang
on twenty quid I spent $19.99 on that
would I buy it again never in a million
years I think I do think I got a
literally car even sick I wouldn't
recommend it unless you fancy torturing
yourself I would love to see some other
Beauty youtubers testing this product
and seeing how they got on with it on
that note this is going to go
in the bin never to be used or seen
again that basically no no if you have
any suggestions for weird beauty
products you'd like to see me try then
let me know in the comment section down
below don't forget to hit the subscribe
button and click the bell to turn on
notifications on my channel thanks for
watching guys happy Christmas Happy
Holidays
bye
