Oh
hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
drugstore Christmas holiday glam makeup
look every single product I'd use to
create this look is from the drugstore
so it's all super affordable don't
forget to hit the subscribe button and
click the bell to turn on notifications
for my channel and let's get started to
prime my skin today I'm using the NYX HD
studio primer and I'm just going to go
ahead and apply that all over my skin
for my foundation today I'm using the
Revlon Colorstay foundation and this is
in the shade 150 buff if you are super
pale then chances are this one may be
too dark for you but give it a swatch
and try it out in school and to apply my
foundation today I'm using the Real
Techniques miracle complexion sponge for
my brows today I'm using the NYX brow
gel in the shade brunette this is one of
my favorite brow products and I actually
prefer this to the Anastasio dip brow
pomade I feel like this one is easier to
use it's more affordable and it lasts
just as long and I dropped it
chatter today and usin the MUA burning
embers eyeshadow palette and to start
with I'm going to take the shades match
and just apply that all over my lids
next up is the shade Wharf and I'm going
to run that into the crease and
concentrate it on the outer half my eye
and to deepen up the crease I'm taking
the shade kindlin
to add some drama to my list I'm taking
the shade shower and using a small Zoe
but two to four Lux defined crease brush
I'm just going to buff that into the
outer corner
and taking the shade flash which is a
gold shimmer shade I'm just going to
apply that to my lids and to really make
my eyes sparkle and add in some NYX gold
glitter to my lids
and I'm going to go back to the small
brush that we use to shade out the outer
corners of our eye and to just blend out
join between the glitter and the shadow
for my eyeliner today I'm using the NYX
vinyl liquid liner you can use any
liquid liner to do this this is just the
drugstore one that I had to hand for
mascara today I'm using the Maybelline
lash sensational in intense black and
for my lashes today I'm using the girls
with attitude glamour lashes and this
for only 3 pounds from Primark now that
the majority of my eye makeup is done
it's time to move on to the under eye
area and to conceal the dark circles
under my eyes I'm using the 17th war
paint and to apply my concealer and
using the morphe e 2 2 brush and I'm
just going to buff that out
I'm also going to take that concealer
onto my chin
and the center of my forehead to set my
concealer today I'm using the Maybelline
matte liquor pressed powder
and username large fluffy brush I'm just
going to lightly powder the rest of my
face to contour today I'm using the NYX
pro highlight and contour palette and
I'm going to start by taking this shape
here to just warm up my skin and I'm
using a more FIFA brush to do that today
and to highlight I'm just going to take
the lightest highlight shade and using
my zoeva fan brush I'm just going to run
that on to the highest points of my
cheeks and anywhere that I want to bring
forwards now that my highlight and
contour is complete and going back to
the MUA burning embers palette and I'm
just going to finish up the lower lash
line
merge the shades warf and kinslin on the
lower lash line and I'm just going to
touch up that eyeliner
to finish up an ad in a coat of mascara
on my lower lashes and finally to bring
the whole look together I'm applying
some lipstick today I'm using the Rimmel
the only one matte lipstick and this is
in the shade take the stage
and this is the finished look it is my
drugstore classic Christmas makeup I
really hope you enjoyed this look and
happy Christmas and Happy Holidays
everyone I hope you have an amazing
Christmas and thank you so much for
watching if you'd like to get me a
present you can subscribe by clicking
the button below and let's give enough
for me thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you guys soon bye
