hi guys and welcome back today I'm
bringing you episode 2 of my foundation
testing series you guys have been asking
for this for such a long time so it felt
only right to bring you guys whole
series dedicated to testing foundations
and concealers and brushes and makeup
tools just all of those kind of
foundation and base related products in
episode 1 we put a vibrating foundation
applicator to the test
and today I'm putting one of the most
affordable foundations I have ever seen
to the test and that foundation is the
Primark PS liquid foundation this cost
the grand price of 2 pounds 50 it has a
medium coverage semi matte finish and an
oil of 3 formula let's stay optimistic
let's hope for great things and let's
put it to the test actually bought 2
shades of the PS liquid foundation we
have porcelain and cool sand so let's
try them both swatch them both and kind
of go from there really the PS liquid
foundation is specially formulated to
give a natural finish with a semi matte
appearance and medium coverage it's
lightweight non oily texture provides an
easy and flawless application formula
contains moisturizing agents and
antioxidants vitamin E to hydrate the
skin the primer that I'm using today is
the PS perfect glow primer to illuminate
and smooth helps to blur the appearance
of skin imperfections and this was three
pounds I'm going to apply this primer
onto half of my face and we're going to
see what difference that makes if it
ever wants to what what what is wrong
with this
yeah thanks um I'm just going to attend
apply that on top of my face okay so
straight up without even applying the
foundation we have a problem where I've
actually been blending out that primer
with my fingers it's actually formed
little rolls and little balls of crimer
which are just sitting on top of my skin
I'm just going to take a clean brush and
just try and sweep those off my skin
after swatching both shades of the
foundation I've decided to go for the
shade cool sand to apply that foundation
today I'm using the PS pro liquid
foundation brush and this was three
pounds fifty and I'm just going to go
straight for it
I mean like sofa that's actually quite
good that coverage is pretty nice it
looks it actually looks like skin
I'm actually lost with hay that
foundation looks amazing so far you can
see the redness and pigmentation that's
on my cheeks here is totally being
covered on this side of my face
you can still see small areas of
scarring and a couple of active breakout
when you compare the difference you can
see it and it actually looks super
natural so far I'm going to continue on
and finish off my foundation on the
other side of my face because this side
does not have any primer so that will
kind of be the true test of what the
finish looks like we do have an
illuminating primer under this side of
my face and this side is just
moisturized skin with foundation over
the top I'm going to zoom in so you can
get a closer look of how that is on my
face I'm going to move on to conceal in
the under eye area and today I'm just
going to use one of my standard everyday
no-nonsense concealers and that is the
Urban Decay Naked skin concealer and I'm
going to blend that out using the same
PS Pro liquid foundation brush
and to set my under eye area I'm using
the pixie beauty powder foundation and
this is in the shade cream I'm also
going to take that powder onto my chin
and forehead I'm just going to add some
brows and some light airy makeup and
let's come back
my first impressions on the PS liquid
foundation is leave your house and get
to the nearest Primark and buy this
immediately I don't really have anything
bad to say about it which is brave
because I'm so cynical that I'm usually
just like hmm about everything I don't
like the bottle that it comes in there
we go
I found a negative if it had a glass
bottle or any other kind of bottle I
feel like it would look a little bit
more Lux but the true test is to see how
it looks in a couple of hours time so
I'm going to disappear for a couple of
hours it is oh it's 10:00 to 10:00 at
night it's quite late um so I'm going to
disappear for a couple of hours try and
find a life somewhere and then I'm going
to come back and let you though how I've
got on with it how it still looks do I
still like it does it look like crap
I'll let you know see in a couple of
hours bye hey guys
so it's been about three hours now since
I last showed you how my makeup looked
I'm just going to give you a little bit
of an update on how it looks I am only
going to do the one updates today
because I have to be awake in five hours
and I do get to sleep I am NOT sleeping
in my makeup now gonna have fun from a
distance I can see that the center of my
forehead is getting quite oily and also
the crook of my nose I did actually
apply highlighter day but that is
definitely what I call more of like a
t-zone only crook rather than a
highlighted crook if that makes sense I
don't even know if everything but that's
what I'm going to call it the foundation
has also settled into my laugh lines I
have also got a little bit of a cold
moment and have been blowing my nose and
you can see the pinkness around four
nostril area from that I would say that
this one has worn off slightly sooner
especially around the pigmentation
around here I feel like this one has a
little bit more coverage if I had to
rate the PS liquid foundation out of
five I think I would probably give it
three and a half I'll take off some
points for the tube because I don't
really like tube foundations that much I
did struggle a little bit on the
pigmentation on first impressions it's
worked really well for me I really hope
you enjoyed this video and let me know
in the comments section down below which
other foundations you would like to see
me put to the test and give you guys my
first impressions and thoughts on thank
you so much for watching it don't forget
to hit subscribe and click the bell to
turn on notifications because YouTube is
a frickin broken right now I'll see you
guys soon bye
