hey guys and welcome back today I am
doing the full face of makeup using the
opposite hand challenge I'm right-handed
and today I'm going to attempt to apply
an entire face of makeup using my left
hand this is a good challenge if you
ever break your wrist you have a break
your hands you break all of your fingers
um yeah that kind of thing I do a cheap
something I'll be happy
first up primer and today I'm using the
NYX illuminating base primer I'm going
to go ahead and apply it on the wrong
hand already feels so wrong for
foundation today I'm going for the
hourglass vanish finish foundations
thick and just going to take that
foundation stick and just start dotting
that across my face and to blend out my
foundation today I'm using the zoeva
defined buffer brush I feel like maybe I
should have used a Beauty Blender and a
really wet foundation like a really
really liquidy one because then I could
have just bounce that everywhere to
contour today I'm using the pixi by
petra multi balm in the shade sheer
sculpt I kind of want to nail the
contour and skin today before I move on
to brows and eyes and lips and
everything else using the same as a
weber 103 brush i'm just going to try
and blend that out to fill in my brows
today i'm using the anastasia brow
definer in the shade chocolate rush
through them and then attempt to fill
them in
I'm quite happy with that I just got a
hope that I can pull it off on the other
brow because so far that's actually
alright I feel like going for my kind of
everyday go to makeup look and today I'm
using the NYX ultimate to warm neutrals
palette first of all I'm going to take
this one and just apply it onto the lid
and into the crease next I'm going to
take this brown shade and soon as I
accidentally put it on the outer edge of
my eye I'm just gonna put that on the
outer edge of my eye it's going to come
up at a slight angle lens that in what
next I'm taking this warmth Burgundy
showed and I'm just going to apply that
into the outer edge of the eye for my
lid I'm taking this beautiful metallic
gold shade and I'm just going to press
that onto the lid using my finger
we have got to the bit where it could
all go horribly wrong I'm going to try
winged liner it is could go horribly
wrong I feel so nervous now
you're what that's actually better than
sometimes what I do it with my right huh
I don't even know who did that
if I keep adding to that I'm gonna make
it really bad and at the moment it
doesn't look bad it just looks like I
was a little bit drunk I'm gonna try and
curl my eyelashes I'm just gonna squeeze
my nose for my mascara today I'm using
the Maybelline the falsies push-up drama
mascara and this is the limited edition
boots packaging one gonna attempt it to
pop on some lush hit prey coffee I'm
going to move back to the under-eye area
and apply a little bit more of the
hourglass vanish finish foundation stick
I'm just going to run that along that
lower lash line and then blend it out
to set my under eye area I'm using the
pixie color correcting powder foundation
and this is in the shade number one
cream gonna take an iconic London brush
basically apply and try not to screw up
taking this brown shade here and mixing
it with a small amount at the red shade
along the lower lash line going back to
the Maybelline the falsies push-up drama
mascara to highlight and contour today
I'm using the Charlotte Tilbury
film-star bronze & Glow palette first of
all I'm gonna take the sculpting shade
I'm just gonna start applying that into
the hollows of my cheeks no mascara
smudged
something that was it okay all right I'm
taking the highlight shade from the same
Charlotte Tilbury palette gonna sweep
that it's Morris I am dab in action I'm
also gonna run that along my Cupid's bow
underneath my brows for my blush today
I'm using a small amount of the soap &
Glory rosy cheek blush using just the
NYX duo fiber brush let's move on to the
lips and today I'm using the Elemis get
bit lipstick just gonna go for it and
apply it straight out of the bullet we
did it we got to the end I wasn't sure
it was gonna be possible but we finally
achieved it not gonna lie this lash is
like half hanging off it does not feel
very secure in the slightest but let's
not talk about that we did it this is
the finished look thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video I
hope you enjoyed watching me struggle
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to subscribe and turn
notifications on I'll see you guys soon
bye
