if you think that I'm gonna whisk this
and not expect it to blow up in my face
you asked weekend crazy
says the girl dusters it pickin
scientist holding a worse than a beaker
fella Foundation's my entire existence
has been building up to this moment so
scared
right kiss me worse it could always get
on maybe the risk is a bad idea I'm just
gonna do it I'm just gonna do it I'm
still doing guys don't worry about this
is so nerve-racking
I had no idea what's going on I can't
see this is literally the worst idea I
think I've ever had
today I'm gonna be mixing all of my
foundations together so if you want to
know how this many foundations look when
they're walnuts just keep watching
like I need to apologize to every woman
in stem right now for train an absolute
cliche of a scientist 100% sure I'm
gonna include stick foundations in
today's video just in case I've got my
little bachelor and a mix in catering
for all eventualities today I'm like yes
that's a turkey baster okay isn't it
better to take your baster then there's
also your kind of mini that does say
shops on it science thing yeah it's not
and some spoons beautiful five hundred
mils beaker and then we got a lead to
have just in case I wasn't sure how I
was gonna get all the foundations at the
bottle this I basically bought a bunch
of syringes I have no idea what I'm
gonna do with the rest of these one
thing that's been really bugging me
about this video is how we're gonna do
the mixing bits in glass rod slightly
pot six measuring things not my strong
point and I think I figured out the best
way to do it through the kind of spatula
is about to get real so also cuz I sleep
and let's do it everywhere on the first
oh my god this is gonna be a long night
this one is literally empty so that
doesn't count that's not going in
that
I'm totally gonna have to introduce a
new rule if it is not my shade it's not
going in the pot I just think 75
it is like 100 is going in the job
wait
best foundation of the year
like pains flashing it might be hard to
believe
get some sleep
wake up
I'm expected to blow up in my face you
are looking crazy it could always make
it always maybe the whisk is a bad idea
so scared guys so like my entire
existence has been building up to this
moment this is so freakin fake this is
they're literally everything is covered
in foundation we touch every time I'm on
the whiskey in the foundation
reason why I feel like I can fly
I love it when you kiss me love it when
we touch every time you make me smile
you're the solution I'm calling it I'm
calling it I basically have trashed my
entire apartment I'm covered in
foundation it is everywhere it's higher
existence is literally covered in
foundation but it was made with love so
it's got that going for it anyway is the
thing I'm gonna go to my appointment
shower and have a nap I'm gonna come
back I am gonna put this on my face
let's do it
it's time to put on our foundation and I
am so freaking excited very slightly
nervous but so freaking excited to get
this on my face I've done the hard work
and I'd give it a name for you guys and
I've gone with the very simple quite
catchy the greatest foundation ever AKA
it is in shade let's just say beige I
have no idea what the finish is I don't
even want to work out what the cost
would be they're just gonna whip my hair
back in let's get started I managed to
make like three bottles a foundation I
know that's a jar but it kind of counts
as a bottle in this context and I'm
gonna go for the one in actual
foundation bottle because then I don't
feel like as much of a weirdo to
different application option my holy
grail its cosmetics complexion
perfection brush and I've also got a
little Beauty Blender just in case I
need a bit of backup or I need to add a
little bit of extra moisture chances of
this run in my face about seven out of
ten chances of this looking amazing
about three returned and better odds
than play in the lottery and how many
people actually played lottery I think
I'm just gonna do it
I think I'm starting to take that back
oh oh we've got cracking we have
cracking and there we go
look how frickin flawless my face look
how is that even possible reason why I
feel like I can fly
and everything and I spend a long time
high literally all freaking night
putting foundations in granted it will
probably fall - in a matter of minute we
don't even have any under-eye concealer
on we don't have any skin concealer on
there is literally just Foundation and a
couple of bits of powder on my face so I
don't know what you guys were expecting
but I was not expecting this look this
good I was kind of expecting it to look
a little bit well you guys know what I
mean the color matches it looks okay I
feel like it's gonna get very texturized
and split and start cracking and
terrible in a couple of hours but I am
really interested to see how it looks
over an extended period of time maybe a
week or something like that let me know
what you guys think in the comments
section down below what do you think
about the greatest foundation ever
akh with you thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video I
hope you liked what you saw today and I
hope you like I hope you liked the
finish if there's any other makeup
experiments that you would like to see
me try then please do let me know his
locks I had so much fun film in there
thank you so much for watching please
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button and give this video a big thumbs
up share with your friends and then I
will see you very soon bye
I feel like
yes
