hi guys and welcome back today I'm going
to be talking you through a full face of
drugstore first impressions so let's get
started I went to the drugstore last
week and picked up a load of new
products and also repurchase products
that I haven't used in like forever
let's start with a primer and today I'm
using the Loreal infallible mattifying
face primer and this is a product that I
used to use all the time and I haven't
actually used it in quite a while
because I ran out and then didn't
repurchase it I don't know why but I
didn't hopefully I will love it as much
as I used to
it feels like how I remember it feeling
it feels soft it's silky and it's
definitely gliding across my skin so so
far so good for my foundation today I'm
giving the Rimmel freshest skin
foundation ago now I haven't really
heared at this foundation before I don't
really know anything about it you don't
know what the finish is like I don't
know what the coverage is like so this
could be like a hidden gem or it could
go horribly wrong I am gonna give it a
go
this is in the shade 100 ivory and yeah
I'm not really um that's not really how
I was expecting to look it's not a
mousse it's kind of like a really thick
wet foundation um here's what I'm gonna
do I'm going to take a clean foundation
brush and dispense that onto the back of
my hand that and probably a bit much to
apply that I'm just going to use a wet
Beauty Blender it smells almost like
water man but not watermelon it smells
really fresh it feels very wet and not
like in a liquid foundation wet more
like like a water wet I don't actually
have a mirror in front of me so I have
no idea what this looks like right now
I'm trying to look in the viewfinder all
sorta matter to say that's actually
alright so far it's going to keep going
and apply this all over
skin and for concealer today I'm taking
the NYX conceal and correcting palette
and I'm just gonna mix maybe these these
shades I'm basically just gonna mix a
shake I've got two brow products to try
the soap & Glory archery pencil two in
one in one side we have the brow pencil
which looks very very much like the
anastacio brow pencil in the other side
we have a little brow mascara gel I'm
going to give this a shot and see how it
goes
okay now that my brows are filled in I'm
just gonna take that gel and set them in
place in terms of the brow pen so I am
loving it I love the color I love how
easy it was to use and my brows do
actually feel set in place now for eye
shadow I'm going to be used in the Max
Factor masterpiece nude palette this is
a project that I've never used before
this is brand new and this is the
eyeshadow palette thing I'm going to go
for this shade first and just apply this
all over the lid
next I'm going to go for this darker
purple into the inner corner and the
outer corner of my eye next I'm gonna
take this really beautiful glittery
shade at the end it's not really
transferring from the palette to my eye
I'm definitely struggling with this one
I'm going to go ahead and try this one
here which is like a metallic pinky
shimmer shadow and then I'm going to
take the lightest shimmer shadow and
once again just press that into the
center oh that is chalky that it's so
chalky I'm going to take that into the
tear ducts as well
it's just gone - nothing for mascara
today I'm going for the bourgeois volume
one second mascara in the shade ultra
black I feel like I haven't used this
mascara in like a year so hopefully it's
as good as I remember for my under eye
concealer today I'm using seventeen for
pink suit the did fit a heavy duty
underwrite concealer I think I'm just
going to apply it with my finger
that's actually pretty good
I'm really surprised by that I'm quite
impressed Warpaint out of five I would
probably give it about a 4 right now
about a 4 I'm hoping that it will stay
that good and it's not just going to
disappear it's not going to get really
cakey so far loving it
it's not officially a drugstore item but
it is only 2 pounds so I'm gonna include
it today's the Primark
PS I love face powder
Sam's of powders go it's not the most
fine of powders but it's pretty harmless
going back to the Max Factor eyeshadow
palette I'm just going to finish my
under-eye area
I'm also going to put a touch of mascara
on those lower lashes as well for blush
today I'm going to use the NYX sweet
cheeks palette and this is just a shade
did you see that this is just a palette
full of eight beautiful shimmers and
blushes so I'm going to take this movie
shades here and just go ahead and apply
that to the apples of my cheeks so I
like today I'm gonna give the bourgeois
sculpt light a go so I'm just going to
take a pump of that onto the back of my
fans
there we go I'm just going to take that
on to the highest point of my cheeks I
felt like the borescope light definitely
has potential to be really good I feel
like you need to use it with a really
dewy foundation and apply it while your
foundation is still quite quite wet I
guess to get the full effect develops
today I have the Max Factor refined rose
and this is I don't know what this is I
think it's like a color bomb
she came up brighter than I was
expecting for a bomb I feel like it
looks quite sweet it looks like a rose
color it feels comfortable on my lips in
terms of taste it doesn't taste
this is the finished look my favorite
product out of everything that we use
today was the soap & Glory two-in-one
sculpting crayon and satin gel I really
like this product I can't remember how
much I paid for it but I'll leave the
link in the description box down below
the one I was the most disappointed with
was the Max Factor masterpiece palette I
don't know if it's because I've been
using a higher-end shadows recently or
what but this one it kind of just
disappeared - nothing it didn't give a
good color payoff I feel like you
definitely do get a stronger color
payoff with Nick's or morphe obviously
brands like anastasiya because they cost
more but I was just really disappointed
with this one and I'm really sad because
I was just looking forward to wearing
these shades all the time I was at the
base product I was kind of feeling the
foundation when I first put it on I
thought yes this is really good this is
really good but now that it's had time
to set and I've looked at my skin with
the foundation and the concealer on it
is really caked on some of the acne
areas so you can definitely see on my
chin here where the foundation has caked
doesn't look good
another product that I was really quite
impressed with mister 17 Warpaint
now this is in the shade fair it's just
a little Brown to concealer part it's
very similar to the ones that benefit
some like this I really liked it but a
be careful of oxidization thank you so
much for watching don't forget to
subscribe I'll see you guys soon bye
