Oh
hi guys let's get started
first up primer I'm using the 17 skin
while freeway highlighter to add a
youthful glow to my skin
and then I'm just going to follow that
by using the wire cell cushion
foundation now this is the fusion ink
cushion foundation and it gives such a
dewy natural-looking base and then going
to follow that with the Kryolan derma
color camouflage cream and I'm just
going to apply that using a small brush
this one is from as a weeper and I'm
just applying that all over the areas
where any of my breakouts are still
showing next I'm going to move on to
color correcting and I'm taking the
Smashbox light color correcting stick
and I'm going to apply this in the under
eye area
I know 11 does have some really heavy
bags under her eyes but I kind of want
to add those in afterwards and try and
look like I've got some sleep for at
least 5 minutes
to conceal my under eye area I'm using
the Urban Decay Naked skin concealer and
this is in the shade for neutral so I'm
just applying that and then blending it
out using my NYX makeup sponge next I'm
moving on to blush and I'm using the
pixi by petra multi balm and this is in
the shade watermelon veil and this is
just a really beautiful light bright
pink cream blush so I'm just applying
that and then blending it out before
setting it using my Ben Nye neutral set
colorless powder and I'm just going to
take this powder under the eyes using
again another Zoe the brush and then I'm
just going to slowly start powdering the
rest of my face
for my brows I'm using the me cosmetics
brow pencil I'm just going to go ahead
and start lightly filling in those brows
now remember guys 11 is a child so no
Instagram brows in this look for
eyeshadow today I'm using the morphe 35c
palette and I'm just taking that first
topi shade and I'm just going to apply
that using a large fluffy brush into the
crease of my eye
now again I'm just going to go lightly
here because I don't want it to look
like I'm wearing lots of eyeshadow I
just want that sullen look so I'm also
going to take this along the lower lash
line too
for mascara today I'm using L'Oreal miss
hippy mega Volume Mascara and I'm just
going to apply a light coat to my upper
lashes only
going back to that morphe 35c palette
and taking the same shade that we used
on our eyes to contour today this is
actually a really lovely movi taupey
contour shade so just go ahead and apply
that into the hollows of your cheeks I'm
also taking that down the sides of my
nose in my smile line and under my chin
and my temples too
going back to that eyeshadow brush I'm
taking the same shade at once again
under my eyes and again into the hollows
of my cheeks for my lips today I'm
taking the Maybelline Baby Lips in the
shade blueberry bloom and I'm just going
to apply a light coat all over my lips
and then use my finger to make sure it's
applied evenly like so now it's time to
move on to hair so I'm going to go ahead
and wear a wig for this look so I'm just
going to try and flatten my hair down as
much as possible so I did kind of
struggle with this bit because I just
had a full head of 200 hair extensions
applied earlier that week which was
still a little bit painful so yeah don't
do this the same week as having hair
extensions once you've got your hair
pretty flat go ahead and pop on a wig
cap because we're going for a blonde wig
we want to have a blonde wig cap make
sure all your hair is tucked into it for
the wig I picked up this lace front
blonde wig on eBay I think it was around
30 pounds and I cut off about two or
three inches from the bottom and that
seemed to work for me now that the wig
is applied I'm gonna go ahead with the
fake blood this is the Ben Nye fresh
scab and I'm just using a very small
face painting brush to apply this so you
want to apply a small droplet of blood
and also make sure to Rim the inside of
the nostril as well to have more of a
realistic look there's one thing that
really ties the whole ik together and
that is the eggo handbag so I
custom-made this bag I ordered the clear
acrylic handbag from ebay and persuaded
my very talented boyfriend to make me a
template that I could cut out and then
place inside the bag I'll leave the link
to how to create the eggo handbag in the
description box below and also the links
to everything that i'm wearing to create
this costume
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this video don't forget
to subscribe I'll see you guys soon bye
