hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do these
three easy makeup looks that just take
ten minutes to achieve I've partnered
with Smashbox on this video and also to
help launch their new be legendary 120
lipstick collection they are launching
120 lipsticks which i think is pretty
impressive and I'm using three of them
in today's video but it gets better
because I'm also giving away all 120
lipsticks so if you would like to win
this pretty impressive
case of lipsticks then just keep
watching and I will let you know all the
details in this video okay guys to
contain your excitement it's makeup time
I'm starting on a clean moisturized face
and to prime today I'm using the
Smashbox photo finish primer and this
will just help and act as an even base
before we add our foundation today I'm
using the Smashbox Studios Skin
Foundation and this is in the shade 1.1
I used this for the first time a couple
of weeks ago and really loved how
natural it looks on the skin next up its
brow time and I'm using the Smashbox
lash primer to just prep and make sure
all the hairs are in the same direction
then using the full exposure palette I'm
taking a mixture of the taupey brown and
then the mid Brown and just filling in
those brows softly using that powder to
get a natural-looking full brow and
using the studio skin a fair concealer
I'm just going to help neaten up for
those brows
next up its color correct in time and
I'm using the light color correcting
stick and I'm slightly tilting my head
forward and applying it into the deepest
darkest part of the under eye area then
I'm just gonna blend that out softly
using my finger
let's go back to that studio skin
24-hour concealer and I'm just applying
this again to the under eye area and
just blending that out too using my
finger before going back in with my
foundation brush just to even out any
transitions and to set my concealer
today I'm using the halo hydrating
perfecting powder
such a long name but such a good powder
so I'm just applying this using a small
brush onto the under eye area and also
to act as a little bit of a base on our
eyes to using the step-by-step contoured
set I'm just going to contour into the
hollows of my cheeks with that slightly
ashy shade using the brush that comes
with the set so when contouring I like
to concentrate into the hollows of the
cheeks the top of my forehead and also
sometimes down the side of my nose I
don't always contour my nose but I
thought what the hell I'm just gonna go
with it today and give it a shot and
apparently I decided to contour my neck
too next I'm taking the bronze in shade
and I'm going to use this as a blush
today and that will really help to warm
up the skin
next I'm going to take the highlight
shade from that palette and it's
actually quite a subtle and natural
looking highlight so it won't look like
you're shining like a disco ball but it
will look like a natural okay it's down
a highlight that's perfect for every day
that's the base nailed let's move on to
lick number one first up I'm going back
to the bronze shade from that contour
trio and I'm just going to apply that
into the crease and this will just give
a little bit of definition in the eyes I
want this first look to be quite natural
so I'm not going to add anything too
major here for mascara today I'm taking
the full exposure and I'm just applying
a light coats to both my upper and lower
lashes okay game on guys it took me
forever to decide which shades to wear
but I'm gonna go for this really
beautiful nude shade and this is called
backtalk it's a really sweet peachy
pinky nude shade and it's perfect for
like an everyday look and here is look
number one it's a really easy to do nude
natural-looking and almost no makeup
makeup look and it's so simple to wear
let's intensify this look and move on to
number two back to the full exposure
palette I'm taking the brown shade and
really deepening that crease and the
outer corner of my eye take your time
and just roll that brush backwards and
forwards you'll find it so much easier
because we already have the transition
shade from the bronzer already there and
they all kind of just blend into each
other pretty seamlessly
look number two is kind of like that
perfect I have five minutes in a
bathroom it took do my makeup and soap
my face up before I have a date or I'm
going out to a party and it's really
really easy to switch from A to B so I'm
just steepening up that outer corners of
my eye using that brown shadow when I'm
happy with how I've got that I'm moving
on to the gold shimmer shadow and I'm
just going to apply that into the inner
corner of my eye to act as a highlight
and this is such a beautiful shade I do
like this shade then I'm taking the
lightest shimmer shade and I'm going to
use that just to highlight underneath my
brows and just to really add some
lightness to the brow bone I feel like
going for something really punchy on the
lips today so I'm going to just remove
that Factor clip stick and today we are
going for the shade fireball which is a
matte lipstick this is a really
beautiful orange toned red lipstick and
I really love how easy this is to wear
it doesn't feel dry in on your lips and
it just applies effortlessly back to the
highlighting shade from the step by step
palette I'm just going to amplify that
highlight and add a little bit more of a
glam edge to this look and Cheers lick
number two which is perfect for dinner
with friends girls night out or even a
cheeky little midweek date night so
let's move on to lick number three and
let's really up at the ante and go for
something really a vampire to do this
I'm just gonna take off that fireball
red and then I'm going back to that full
exposure palette taking that brown shade
once again and this time I'm really
gonna work that Brown into the crease
and darken it up as much as I can take
your time and go for it on this again
you'll find it so much easier to do
because the shadows are already there
moving on to that black shadow I'm
really gonna emphasize the outer corner
and the deepest part of the crease so
once again I'm using that same brush and
just really working that right into the
deepest part of the eye when you're
happy where
how you've got that and you're blending
then move on to the brown shimmer shadow
and taking a flat shading brush I'm just
gonna go ahead and pack that onto the
lid take your time on this as as much or
as little as you want it's completely up
to you when you're happy with that just
make sure it's all blended out together
evenly next I'm going back to that
lightest shimmer shade and I'm really
going to intensify that inner corner
highlight add much more of a glam look
and then I'm going back to that black
shadow and using a wet angled liner
brush I'm just going to use this eye
shadow as an eyeliner across the upper
lash line and for the lower lash line
I'm just going to apply that very gently
and then taking that same shadow brush
we used earlier it just blends that out
into more of a smoky look to add more of
an intense cheek highlight I'm using the
LA and lights Hollywood and highlights
thick and I'm just going to apply this
to the highest points of my cheeks and
then blend that out and using my finger
I'm also going to run this down the
center of my nose and to finish up this
look I'm using the vinyl be legendary
lipstick and this is a really beautiful
kind of glossy intense purple lipstick
it is so pretty on the lips it gives you
that kind of grungy glam look and I
really like this shade
and here is lick number three my glam
grunge makeup look we have that uber
vibrant purple glossy lip and a really
grungy smoky eye so here's the fit
though I'm sure you've all been waiting
for how to get your hands on the entire
120 lipstick collection to be in with a
chance of winning the whole 120 lipstick
collection there are so many lipsticks I
literally can't hold them all then all
you need to do is to post a picture of
your best pout on instagram using the
hashtag pout Scout I'm going to be
looking through that hashtag and picking
one of you to win it's really that
simple I'll leave all the information in
the description box down below but in
the meantime thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoy this video
good luck in my giveaway ad I'll see you
guys soon bye
