so there are six topics I'm going to
talk about in the first half in the next
ten minutes and the top three are much
more detailed than the bottom three
these are different parts of
establishment that I've worked with
through YouTube so charity mainstream
media health care government education
activism I can read round of applause
please thank each the base that needed
so charity five years ago I used a
website called stickam comm which is a
live streaming web site and I decided it
would be good to do a charity event
which because it's called stickam I
called it stickam 24-hour chat very
original I know and I decided from my
university bedroom to set my laptop and
just try and get as much funding as I
could for UNICEF and five years on I've
done every year just building on it and
looking back I can't believe it because
five years on it's in a TV studio people
like Jonathan Ross and Stephen Fry watch
it one and a half million people tuned
in to watch me and my friends and we've
raised last year alone $35,000 for
UNICEF
so if with this model I want to explain
what I think the charity model that I've
proposed is successful and all these
elements I'm talking about will relate
to the end goal that we all want as
human beings and actually this is why I
love this this this day actually is
because it's such a warm feeling to be
in a room of people who just give a
about the world and it just means a lot
so the first point is it global cause
now if I said to the people I wanted to
support me it's gonna raise money for a
local hospital where a lot of my friends
in America wouldn't bother because it's
out of sight out of mind and it's not
something that relates them directly so
by choosing UNICEF
there's not many charitable people that
would disagree UNICEF was a good cause
and for me it's about raising money for
children in the world that don't have
necessities of life don't have internet
which is what I'm about and therefore
don't have a voice they're just born
into a world they have no perceptions of
what's happening elsewhere and they ask
themselves the question is this what it
is to live is this what it is to suffer
so the next point point which is about
the people taking part I've got people
like the band's the dirty youth from
Wales sorted food who were some chefs
had some who design stuff of Robot Wars
vu which is a question/answer video
website which I'm currently working on a
Jacque fresco hologram so for for years
to come
even after he passes his vision he'll
still be able to answer people's
questions so I'm going out there soon to
deal with that stick aid had some
pillows made from frou boy and Charlie
MacDonald the most subscribed in the UK
now all these people on the charity
event did what they normally do for fun
except they were doing it for charity so
they were doing just what they normally
did they've benefited from it and also
they were saving people's lives from
people around the world you know they
didn't have to be compromised and saying
I'm gonna do a video on which came to
mind when doing this tour is the notion
of being selfish or selfless it seems
like it's an either/or thing and I've
been criticised for sometimes being
selfish and applauded for being selfless
but for me I don't know what the word
would be but together I think they can
exist I feel good when I do charity work
and I see good things happen there
nothing wrong with that because there's
two choices you can either feel good
about something and doing st. charitable
or you can feel good like punching
someone in the face which isn't as good
time and money because it was a 24-hour
event it meant that no matter where you
were in the world the global community
could get involved our people in New
Jersey who said I can't tune in you're
in England and I said in 24 hours I'm
sure there's at least two minutes that
you can tune in for and in terms of
money if someone had early a dollar or a
pound to spare because they saw a global
community from all over the world acting
at once they could actually see their
contribution had a significant effect
for everything else and the most
important part which is the thing I go
on again and again which is geographical
isolation is irrelevant and I'll give
you a case study now which was I don't
need sound you may remember in March
last year the tsunami disaster in Japan
happened about ten years ago Yuki number
one they were trying to diet down
actually now weather control the
situation but because of the internet
within minutes people that were just
living everyday lives were left with
nothing more than clothes in their body
this was strange the world and as a
result Twitter Facebook YouTube stickam
which is the live streaming web site I
did present in poor life of Japan we
were able to raise money for people we
didn't even know and there's a great
case study in the states of when the
ipad2 came out people who were going to
go and buy it that day saw this footage
and they didn't buy the iPad - and they
actually gave the money to the charities
people they didn't even know people they
wouldn't have cared about before that
day but they saw it and they thought
that could have been me and it comes
back to that thing I said about
selfishness and selflessness you know
they related empathy you think if that
happens to me and you look at across all
religions treat others you'd like to be
treated there is a selfish or
self-conscious element to it there's
nothing bad about that so geographical
isolation is irrelevant and the Internet
is a great celebration of that and
finally completing the story people want
to know where their money goes so you
think of foreign aid and where the
government
other governments with our stories now
we're able to show you where the money
goes and the children and people it
helps and that's a great thing about the
internet completing the story mainstream
media the next thing I've been at
battles with in the past once two years
I can't stand mainstream media I've been
on Sky News talking about online
identity in which they were claiming
that um I get drunk at parties which I
don't know how they came up with it and
I challenged him they said oh yeah I'm
just saying as an example you know any
chance to put a spin you've got to be
prepared this was about asked the Prime
Minister saying he'll get to in a moment
and then I feel an LBC sport in the
Occupy movements and stuff for just
YouTube gatherings etc but the example I
want to come up with his BBC up stage in
2009 I got a phone call from Endemol to
do Big Brother and they saw that I'd
done stick ade the 24 hour thing and
they said how would you like to spend
six hours in a box a glass box and I was
like okay go on who wish for he wasn't
the best thing to say at first but the
plan was in Bristol Town Centre they
were going to have two boxes one orange
one purple you entertain for six hours
on a big clock and you compete against
someone in the other glass box and they
wanted me on it and the prize money was
ten thousand pounds and the internet
internet community could vote but they
were also asked in all my other youtube
friends to get involved and I knew what
they were doing the mainstream media
television wanted to get Internet
viewership onto their websites and for
us to knock each other out
you know the us and them mentality that
we talked about quite often so we all
said we were going to do it but what
they didn't realize was I spoke to the
others and said let's work together we
beat every act on national television by
eight times the votes
Endemol did smear campaigns they got
people to come and boo us when we came
to win the next round and it never got
commissioned again and it even got to
the point that as soon as the the show
ended they closed it down and I didn't
even get our taxis back they just were
pissed off
and being mindful of time health care
probably the most important part for me
because I'm someone who's just always
cared about people as long as other
people happy I'm happy can't explain it
it's just who I am and I studied
psychology for university actually saw
me spoke earlier today and then if she's
still here was actually a lecturer for
one of my years uh-huh which was cool
and for health care what really sparked
for me I did psychology and I I didn't
continue after the three years because I
realized I was able to help more people
through the internet than just getting
in more debts and spending another four
or five years in education down a road
that you don't know where it's going to
lead because jobs are always changing
etc and I just want to bring attention
to this comment on a video I made about
three years ago called you are not alone
when I was very depressed but when in
therapy and it's this second last line
here which is I've done this week
without my depressants medication for
the first time ever wait thank you let's
put that in perspective so on I don't
even know I've never met in my life has
been given depressant medication from a
doctor because obviously that's the best
cure and from seeing a video where some
stranger has expressed just the pain
he's had that it's okay to do what you
do and just been an open human being
they were able to get off medication and
I think that says something very
significant about the medical system of
today and so this was the video over a
hundred thousand views I've received
hundreds of letters of people some
people who no longer take in their lives
and it's not because I'm extra nor
extraordinary I'm just a human being and
you know the Internet allows us to share
our experiences more because we all have
common experience and so this made me
came up with a theory which I wasn't
able to do for my third year because it
was too ambitious they told me to do st.
more simple and I was never able to run
with it because I needed investment to
get empirical research to have
credentials against my name and I've
never shared it because I was worried so
some business was going to run off with
it and it's just cuz I want the
integrity of the project to still lay
there I'm gonna share it with you today
because I feel I'm not gonna be able to
run with this let's make it public
domain if anyone runs with it and it's
not good you've seen it here first
so the first step is if you're ever
depressed is to record yourself on video
there's plenty of times I'll just set up
a camera talk for 20 minutes
externalizing your faults the inner
frustrations externalize you may feel
better but of course that doesn't always
work I'm doing this very quickly the
second is to import the footage and then
to watch it back I could only find a
picture of a cat I've never tried
applicat I don't know if they would get
much benefit but by uploading it and
watching the footage you're seeing
yourself as a third person entity
because you may have had it before where
you would depress you knew someone who
was depressed and you gave them advice
but then when you go through that same
problem you can't take your own advice
because your heads in a cloud you know
your judgments clouded and the metaphor
I'd use it's like you have a tennis ball
and you threw it against the wall it's
only when you catch it again that you
realize the power that you were dealing
with in the first place and so with this
by watching yourself in third person
you're seeing yourself as another human
being if you just talked in the mirror
you just look crazy and so by doing that
you may actually realize oh I understand
this and I can I can understand why I
was sad and you may come to some
resolution but of course that doesn't
work this is me pretending to edit video
I wasn't I was watching porn I wasn't I
wasn't it was sexist against women it's
gay porn
by editing the video and focusing on
specific areas you know cutting out the
bits in between and making it more viral
you're analyzing things and you think
all that parts not relevant of what I
was trying to say but that part is and
then you may come to a better conclusion
but if that doesn't work the final stage
it's broadcast yourself that was when I
was on holiday family holiday spike for
20 minutes uploaded it was me sit in the
bathroom and people gave me nice
comforting words and I realized I wasn't
alone
the can't even think of a problem with
doing this someone can shout out trolls
is the key word
that's the troll alarm yeah trolls so
you sometimes get comments like go kill
yourself and I think this is a real
challenge with having a global empathic
society with the internet is people
haven't involved with it yeah YouTube's
already been around six years the only
reason that I empathize with people
online is because I've met tens of
thousands around the world so when I
talk to people online they go I go join
a meet-up and they're like we really
just sort of started speaking I'm like
but yeah I have a good judgement now of
what you must be like in person and
personally online talking so on on a
chatroom in the day you get to know them
up much better than speaking over loud
music in the nightclub oh then if you
agree to that so I think you get to know
people a lot better and so there are
plenty of examples like this that I
could give but I've got a hasty move on
and I had a solution and I wanted to
create a website where if you were
depressed you would sign up you would do
a psychiatric test and you'd find out
you were a severe case and if you were a
severe case Farra piss would jump in and
help out but if not you could use it and
it'd be a forum you'd upload your video
it would be monitored sensual there were
no trolls and hopefully you would come
to solutions because I believe that you
don't need a counsellor to get you out
of depression in serious cases yes what
you need is just people that are open
who can share common experiences because
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger
the whole point of empathy is sharing
experiences that you yourself has not
had yet so we all know you're gonna die
if you jump off a tall building we
haven't done it but we know and that's a
part of empathy
and my theory is this which I'd love to
test one day if there's anyone else who
can make this happen I know there was a
documentary gonna be done on Current TV
for this but unfortunately the plug got
pulled is once they've got through their
depression and they're better with what
they do
I think they'll actually stay in the
community and then share their
experiences with newcomers and it would
grow more and more and hopefully people
would then realize there's a community
where people aren't alone and that's my
hope for the theory of expressive
insight so there's that the final three
sections are very quick before
explaining the actual project so I want
sir pitched he'll today government
Gordon Brown did asked the PM where he
put himself on the pedestal online and
said I'm gonna answer any questions so
he was exposed online complete
transparency I asked a question about
freedom of speech people all saw my
question they voted for it they wanted
him to answer it
they had perceptions of how he may
respond to it and did he answer the
question no of course not he put spin
but he's exposed and there's a great
example with Barack Obama recently on a
Google hangout where the top-rated
comment was about I think it's Richard
Dwyer who was he's been extradited to
the US the Pirate Bay for saying that
Obama supported but he said oh I just
don't know and it goes on but people are
losing more faith in the government
system because on a level playing field
which is this is meant to be it's not
the case but afterwards I was invited to
the Foreign Office to talk about digital
diplomacy I was asked to support against
the arms trade for the Arms Trade
Agreement and that was my interest in
government in education for my
university I talked about blended
learning I I think it's outrageous that
you can expect someone to study for 12
weeks a semester and then you expect
them to regurgitate that in a two-hour
exam you could be a genius who has so
much to contribute to the world but
because you can't write it on a piece of
paper you are condemned to not share
that knowledge with the world and I
think that's disgusting
so I advocated a patchwork scheme in
which if you were good at coursework you
did coursework if you are good at
speaking or doing video blogging you can
do that if you're good at exams do exams
but we should live in a society where
people are allowed to be the best they
can be
with the tools we've got not I'm sorry
you can't write on paper F because you
know the grade boundaries and all that
can affect you for the rest of your life
in the current system and a lot of the
stuff that's happened to me is not
because of my education it's helped me a
lot and I'm not condemning it completely
but it's the experiences from online and
finally activism I don't need to talk
about this we all know what the
zeitgeist movement is if not there might
be problems but for me it's a gateway to
find people that give a damn about the
world and it led to something called the
universal solutions project which I've
now got 10 minutes to explain meeting
Jacque fresco in the summer last year
was a hugely inspiring thing for me I'm
anyone who I'm sure you all know about
him he's things turning 95 now his works
pretty much every day of his life
and what was so inspiring about him was
the fact that he's not bitter he had a
goal in life and he's worked towards it
for throughout and it made me have
patience and I think that even though
stick aid is a really good thing and
there's some really exciting things for
this year and I hope you'll do tune in
in October when it is that this is what
I want to work with for the rest of my
life and for the last 10 minutes I hope
you will take something positive from my
journey so far but something from this
because I think if we can do this this
is how we get the word out this is how
if there is going to be a global
collapse we have people at the ready so
bear with me the universal solutions
project the objective is to create an
online database that empowers people to
discover solutions to any problems that
currently exists on the planet today it
sounds a bit obvious I guess
so the questions I've been asking
especially at schools and primary
schools and secondary schools which have
had interesting answers is what is
education it's one of those things we
never really question you know you never
question why does someone say have a
nice day when it should be have a nice
life or why we clap like that it's
slapping two hands together and I know
that you're gonna be worried at the end
of when you clap and awareness as well
because I think they go hand in hand so
with education I think
education is not about just the
transferal of information it's about
inspiring people to ask the questions
why you know to ask more not just be an
empty vessel that is filled up with
information just to regurgitate it on a
on a page
it's about your experiences and the
experiences I've had for YouTube has
just been through open source online
communities and these are experiences
you can all have as well
and the promise of Education
it's your geographical location which
can be defeated by the Internet money
which can be defeated by the Internet I
know I can't remember the name he was in
moving forward at Stanford University
Sapolsky thank you
12 weeks of lectures up for free you
know when you think people get in
hundred thousands of dollars in debt and
league tables you know the reason
teachers you know might be asked
questions about or curiosity and they'll
go I'd love to answer that right now but
I can't because we need to get the grade
so we get the funding and I keep my job
the other part is also to be disciplined
and a broad range of subjects so you
don't get manipulated in society you
know you could be a chemist or a
cameraman or something like this it's
good to have a wide discipline because
then you can become more humanitarian
and just to inspire you and to open your
mind and I know this has made a lot of
people's jaws drop it's saying called
reading genius has anyone heard of this
reading genius if not I'm glad I was
showing this by my driving instructor
and if that doesn't prove anything
a man who's supposed to teach me how to
drive has now showed me at all and how
he can read up to a hundred pages a
minute with Total Recall so the question
the inspiration you should be getting
now is why is this not known why don't
we know about it why is this not in
society
those that is true education because it
inspires awareness you want to start
questioning things more and to explain
the science very quickly when you learn
to read as a kid you learn to read with
an inner monologue you know by how you
read the words and it means you read
quite slowly but your brain would rather
go much faster and so the music that
they provide slows down your brainwaves
which is similar to that of a child
where they absorb much more information
and I didn't finish the course but I
read up to thirty pages and
now the average person is one page a
minute it was what I was before and just
to put that in perspective I was before
an English class and I was all for
English in secondary school I read a 300
page novel in ten minutes
and when we went through the class
together they were talking about a
certain issue and I said yeah but wasn't
that mentioned halfway down page 53 and
it was a moment of silence they opened
the book and there it was
and I was scared everyone looked at me
as a freak and the nature is that the
more you read because you're excited by
it the more you practice that technique
I was lazy in heaven and I'm yet to pick
it up again so bad bad me and I came up
with this at the beginning of the week
this theory so it could be
forgive me we can test it but if the
middle is empathy I think it's to do
with education awareness as a cycle so
you can be educated about something and
if we become aware or you're aware of
saying like the tsunami disaster so you
want to find out the solution so you
educate yourself which then makes you
ask more questions and the cycle
continues because the only reason some
people in line like trolls aren't
empathetic is because they don't know
every you know no one's evil no one's
bad but everyone has a turning point
where there's that Eureka moment they
understand and it's just about education
if everyone was educated enough everyone
would love people unconditionally around
the world and so the question is is
ignorant bliss and I have a conversation
with my mum quite a lot because she's
very scared about me she thinks I'm
gonna be sad all the time and she said
she'd much rather live in a bubble when
I say to my mum but if if the bubble is
going to burst wouldn't you rather know
what's going to burst it and so the the
metaphor I'm going to use is this which
has anyone seen the movie the village
okay it's just the principal if you
haven't it's about a village in a forest
very good marketing there and people who
live in a village in the middle of a
forest now imagine there was a forest
fire and it was coming towards the
village would you rather get on with
your life and not worry about it or
build a watchtower so you can have a
look at the time scale we've got and
make assessments on how you prepare
yourself based on the amount of time you
have left I think people would want the
latter and I think that is the challenge
we have in society today we are running
out of time resources have been depleted
the
he's collapsing we need to start
equipped in people with the information
so we are ready and how important it's
truth we can think of WikiLeaks and
stuff like that you know there's
different things about 9/11 was it an
inside job or not you know Dick Cheney
and Bush didn't swear an oath and they
didn't have their minutes recorded by
having this hidden secrecy it causes
people to have conspiracy theories and
to worry and same a religion it doesn't
matter what religion you are you think
it's a truth so surely want stuff to
enforce that truth with information and
actually going back to WikiLeaks so I'm
only a few days ago there was a cable
released about summer bin Laden because
we all know his body was buried at sea
except the cables say it wasn't it was
taken back to the us some more
conspiracies come out just by having
transparency and truth you eradicate the
pointless discussion of conspiracy
theories and we can get to the real
issues so with five minutes to go I'm
gonna explain the three stages of my
project the first I used to create an
information database an able audience
acquisition and create tools for
spreading awareness so the first stage
is to create like a wiki site and on
each page of the wiki site there will be
a question about a problem why is
unemployment going up why are people
dying of a particular disease why do
people die in car crashes all these sort
of things and underneath it you have a
simple paragraph which explains what the
root cause is because the root causes
what's important you know as Jacque
fresco says you know if the the road is
slippery don't just say warning the road
is slippery because we told you so we
put a warning you know put abrasive in
the road to absorb it and I thought I'd
want to leave you with is actually laws
whenever you look at a law that the
government passes what is it actually
saying it's saying that they failed to
deal with the problem every law is if
they've put in place because they
couldn't deal with the problem in the
first place
and then underneath the root cause and
actually one more thing on the root
cause and the metaphor that are used and
the primary school I spoke to of very
young kids that they understood it was
working at a toy factory if toys are
coming off the production line you put
them in boxes and then they're coming
off broken it can be fixed and then put
them in the box fixing them put them in
box but until you go to the Machine and
you fix the Machine you're going to save
a lot more any
in time and that's what we need to do
with most problems in the world and then
finally on the site after the root cause
you have the solutions laid out cited by
sources based on research and not
political opinion and it would be quite
easily written out and in certain parts
will be clickable if people want to find
out more information and it allows
people to go on their own journey
curiosity awareness education awareness
and so on but one of the questions I get
asked quite a lot is what about moral
dilemmas does morality get in the way
and the example I want to give you is
abortion now people are pro-choice or
pro-life it's something we're never
gonna have an agreement on but what if
we look at the root cause what's the
root cause of abortion it's unwanted
pregnancy so education is not good
enough contraceptions not good enough or
they don't want to bring up children
because they're not financially secure
now I am by no means saying there is an
absolution for eradicating the need for
abortion but by dealing with the root
cause the moral discussion no longer
needs to exist does that make sense the
second stage is audience acquisition
very simple create databases lots of
charities working for the same thing
they want to solve poverty animal
welfare all this sort of stuff why don't
they work on the same team why are they
doing their own brandings and stuff like
this they should be working together so
by creating a database we approach him
we say have a look at the problem pages
and the solutions is there anything you
have to add and we accumulate all their
information and in third we create tools
for spreading awareness now I'm sure
you've all been approached by people on
the street excuse me are you interested
in a certain cause and we may cross the
road because we don't know if it's going
to relate to us and we will have her in
a hierarchy of what charities matter you
may have lost on to a certain disease in
which case you would be likely to give
it to a cancer charity for example if
you had animals more lightness to do
that that's not good enough it's
inefficient just to put posters
everywhere about certain causes and the
seeming so when we designed this website
every one of us in the room could go out
with iPads and we go out to people in
the street and we say excuse me
what matters to you and it goes back to
that thing
you know selfishness and selflessness it
doesn't matter if it's what bothers them
because when they look at the root
causes and when you're going through
what matters to them you learn more
about things for yourself and we all
become educated and I think that's the
best way we can do it we can take to the
streets worldwide they were saying I did
for a band six years ago with Bluetooth
where I was able to stream to an entire
room a video of the band that was
performing for more info so we could go
to protest rallies about a single issue
and stream to them all the solutions
that we have and the research they need
and I think that's really important and
places where they don't have internet
each page will be printed off as a flyer
so going back in summary I can't leave
I'll donate this quick
the six issues I said about my personal
experience of different establishments
I've worked with relates with my project
so we got charity it's about bringing
them all together because we all want
the same thing it's human problems not
individual mainstream media mainstream
media is trying to hang on it's going
out and I can't wait
and a great zombies WikiLeaks the New
York Times was publishing WikiLeaks data
and so was the Guardian newspaper but
they stopped after a while and why do we
think that was maybe government
intervention etc but what I think is is
they were shooting themselves in the
foot because why on earth would people
want to pay for a newspaper to read
about someone's opinions about facts
which are available online for free so
if we can have a website where all the
information is there for the problems
and solutions I think that we will be
put in news and mainstream media out of
business
health care very quickly and it's
possible to self diagnose yourself
although if you want like heart surgery
probably see a doctor my dad gave me a
great example cuz he works in health
care about an experiment with a robot
where they got a robot to diagnose
patients and they that they were only
right fifty percent at the time the only
difference was that the doctor was right
less so that's something worth keeping
in mind government accountability as Ben
McLeish had already said it'd be good to
get on question time and stuff like that
and have a very aware and well informed
public I can't watch question time
anymore because all it is is people
angry shouting slogans going why aren't
you doing it it's this frustration and
anger but if they're educated they'll
say you're not doing it this is why
you're not doing it and this is what you
should be doing and in educated
populations how we turn around the
government today
education I've said enough about it
should be available for everyone we
should just get all the information to
all corners of the earth regardless of
how much you can afford
and finally activism Egypt's a great
example because people took to the
streets quite peacefully because they
have a solution in mind and it's why I
think we need to engage in people which
is my final point the system is going to
collapse we are running out of time
people are going to start waking up as
they get laid off and they lose their
jobs but with frustration and anger they
take to the streets they shout slogans
they vandalize stuff but if we can give
them information so they can actually
understand why it's happening they can
rationalize and they can say this is why
it's not working this is what we need to
do and that is why it's important we
educate everyone because if we don't do
it in time
it's going to be too late and I guess a
great metaphor is the Titanic as the
Titanic was sinking there were people
drinking at the bar because they thought
it was unsinkable
and then I've spoken to a lot of people
now a lot of my friends with a lot of
influence online saying you know the
system is going to collapse and they go
yeah but I'm enjoying it for the
meantime but if you if you wait until
the Titanic is just under the water and
you all go for the life rafts at once
it's gonna sink it's not going to cater
for everyone if we run out for free Peak
Oil and then we need renewable energy
it's just one place in the world
territorial dispute there's going to be
mass civil unrest globally so we need to
start planning now and with Egypt
Mubarak didn't step down they cut off
the internet and that is when violence
broke out they overthrew the government
and then everyone was sweeping the
streets the next day and I think that's
a good point for what I'm trying to say
there so we've all that in mind I'd want
to leave a final for which I know has
been mentioned already which Jacque
fresco said when an astronaut goes into
space and he looks back he doesn't see
borders he doesn't see you know
individual countries or cultures he sees
just a world in which we're destroying
each other where you know we're just not
working together and I guess this was
actually a frame for this program called
Prezi which is really good for powerful
in-person stations instead but I guess
that represents empathy we should have
the whole world as an empathic society
through education and so on that point
I'm going to leave you with this last
slide which you saw already which is me
getting contact I'll be out there next
let's make this happen
the other thing is I need people who can
design wiki sites because last year for
every 200 people that wanted to help
there was only one programmer so
everyone's like miles what can I do and
I said it's not ready yet and of course
they got bored and I understand a lot of
people who have been bored over the
years of not having saint's to do now so
as soon as we get the infrastructure up
we can get this running we can challenge
the government we can challenge all
establishments and we can have power to
the people once more thank you for your
time
yeah
