back in mid December last year I was
walking through Oxford Street in central
London at night and I came across a man
who was a walking advertisement he was
wearing a bright yellow jacket and on
the back it said golf sale twice which
to some people may seem like a cliche I
took a picture of the back of his jacket
and I uploaded it to facebook with the
phrase what's a waste of human potential
dot dot and it sparked a lot of
discussion which is what I was hoping
for and I was meaning to bring this
discussion to my youtube channel I just
haven't had a chance until now and there
was quite a lot of frustration from
people with me for daring to post such a
statement and I've actually written down
some of the comments I've got here
comments like at least he's making an
attempt to make an honest living I also
find it a bit condescending to judge
what someone does and say it's a waste
someone else put I think you need to
consider who has the right to judge
whether this man is wasting his
potential or not I never said without
knowing anything about the guy you
cannot say anything about him stop
judging books by their jackets and for
me I was quite fascinated by it because
it reminds me a lot of when Occupy Wall
Street first started because there seems
to be a weird way in which people defend
principles and I just find it a bit
deluded in some ways so there's not a
direct correlation between the two
examples but I'm sure you understand why
I'm bringing this up but we've Occupy
Wall Street um there were a lot of
people who were heavily against the
protesters they were saying stuff like I
work two jobs I have hardly any free
time I'm barely able to pay the bills
listing a lot of genuine concerns about
why they are struggling in life but then
concluding how dare these people protest
when I'm putting up with it so
should they when for me it's like wait a
minute no surely you should be on the
side of the protesters because fair
enough you're working hard and they've
currently not got jobs but you're on the
same team and the the aspect of pride
and standing up for principal has made
you side with the system which is
obviously failing the masses so how does
that relate to this well the fact I said
it's a waste of human potential was not
saying he was a waste of human life I
wasn't saying that at all human
potential is obviously about what an
individual could potentially be in their
life and I could go through the
education system the many forms of the
establishment which I think it turns its
back on getting the best out of people
but can you honestly tell me for a
second that that man who is on the
street just walking around wearing a
jacket being a walking advert um are you
telling me that that is the most he can
be in his potential and some people go
well we all have to start with bad jobs
and work our way up I understand that
but at the same time everyone in society
surely can contribute a lot more to
society than that and that is why the
system is flawed just walking around um
I guess another example and again when i
give this example some people will
criticize me saying how dare i say this
person's jobs job is a waste when i'm
saying it's obsolete but that's why i'm
saying the system needs to change and
it's when i'm on the London Underground
um I've been told I can't confirm this
so if song can confirm it that'd be
brilliant that like the tracking system
on the London Underground is over 40
years old and the reason they haven't
updated it with computers is because
people would lose jobs because machines
technology replaces human beings but
there are people who stand on the
platform edge who I have conversations
with every day lovely lovely people who
are just trying to make ends meet and
they are making announcements saying you
know please mind the gap stay clear of
the close
does all these sort of things does a
human being actually need to do that
when a machine can and I know already am
I saying that everyone should be
unemployed no I'm saying the system
could actually be reconfigured so that
people can be liberated by technology
and then go out and do the things they
want to there were loads of people in
the Occupy protest who had studied for
over five years to become doctors and
scientists and then the jobs weren't
there when surely that there should be
vacancies for people to contribute to
society so the way that is constructed
and i hope i'm not getting sidetracked
from this issue the point I'm making is
the potential of that man is I'm sure he
has the potential and the intelligence
if he was given the tools and the
nurturing by an educator a true
education system or with the right
facilities to contribute something much
better to society so I'm just looking at
the comments again who do I have a right
to judge this man I have a right to
judge his situation because um I think
someone like me who has a problem with
what he's doing I don't have a problem
with him because obviously he's doing it
to support family and it saddens me that
the system has created these pockets
where people are having to do stuff as
minuscule as that I've seen people hand
out fliers where the heads down they're
just holding him up like that just
brain-dead brain-dead and as I say these
things more and more and give these
examples I am not criticizing the
individual what I'm saying is these
people have the potential to be so much
more and the frustration I think um it
is with with society as opposed to the
person and actually something I will do
a video on again sometime because I like
doing these more talkative videos I hope
you enjoy them as I end this ism it is
just World theory if you've heard of the
just world theory and it's that when
human beings look at problems in
Society in the world you will assess it
based on your you're not your original
original notion that it's a just world
so you wouldn't want to criticize it
because subconsciously you believe the
world is just which it isn't and yeah I
just want to throw it out there for
discussion when you see that photo of
the man and I say what a waste of human
potential do you agree with me because I
think most of you do but you somehow
don't want to admit it because you feel
that you're condemning a man for a
choice that he he had no choice he had
no choice he had to work that job to
support his family on whatever
background he has in his life that's not
me criticizing him I understand I'm
actually taking his side and saying he
could be so much more and therefore
society needs to evolve and allow better
opportunities for people becoming better
and at what their potentials could allow
them to do thank you and a ds2 next time
