hey everyone I was just about to go get
an early night's sleep having just
finished my UK lecture tour realizing
empathize which went very well by the
way if you missed out on it don't worry
because I'll be adding many more dates
in the not-too-distant future and I was
made aware of an article about saying
that recently happened in Afghanistan a
US soldier killed 16 Afghan civilians
including nine children and three women
although for me is just human life and
regardless of what their age maybe um
and therefore I have a question I wanted
to post the US government now I
appreciate they're not likely to see
this and even if they did they probably
aren't going to respond to me because
I'm not a journalist I'm not in the
Pentagon or wherever they're going to be
holding their conferences but my
question is this is the soldier that
killed these 16 civilians technically a
terrorist um based on the definition
that you have of a terrorist US
government and my follow-up question to
that is if you based on your own
definition of a terrorist and claim that
this soldier was in fact a terrorist
does that give the Afghan people the
moral right to attack the country from
which this terrorist was trained and
some people may straight away jump on
and say well this was just 16 people you
just gotta think about if 16 people were
killed by occupying forces in America
what would the response be and so those
are just my two main questions I look
forward to hearing responses from anyone
from anywhere all over the world have a
good night
