hey everyone hope all is well here I am
a 30 year old man it feels so weird
saying that especially when I consider
that I started video blogging on YouTube
back when I was 19 time guys very
quickly I'm very grateful for all the
lovely birthday wishes you sent my way
thank you so much and had a great
birthday I spent it in central London
with close friends and family it was a
wonderful evening I also received many
great gifts I think it's fair to say
turning 30 is quite a significant
milestone and so today I thought I'd
share with you 30 lessons life has
taught me thus far you ready here we go
progress is something you only notice
when you look over your shoulder I'm a
network not a hub when it comes to my
social life which leaves me with mixed
feelings I mean it's great to have the
confidence and fluidity to connect and
constantly make friends with lots of
different people from all walks of life
however it unfortunately means I rarely
get invited to events and gatherings
because I'm not a solid part of any one
group it's actually okay to judge people
you're really human but being human also
means you can rationalize before you act
don't hate educate one of my favorite
things in life is contrast I love
wearing black and white in case you
haven't noticed that already I love it
when the rain falls while the Sun shines
and experiencing emotional peaks and
troughs are what make me feel most alive
without contrast you can't find meaning
I've never been good at dealing with
loving someone who doesn't love you back
you can't please everyone and like with
the previous point this is something I
still struggle with it's because I used
to associate not being liked with being
misunderstood when the truth is that is
not always the case the objective of
argument should be to find common ground
that doesn't necessarily mean conceding
your points but merely laying down a
path so others have a chance to come to
your side disappointment is not a
product of reality but of the
expectation you approached it with my
personality type is ENFP t known to some
as the campaigner health comes first in
life
and we tend to only fully appreciate
this when something bad happens to us
your body is a temple so treat it like
one I am a flawed human being I have
made some stupid mistakes in my life and
I've made some pretty serious ones as
well accepting the notion that no one's
perfect is easy but coming to terms with
your own faults and doing whatever you
can to improve yourself that's the real
challenge and we need to support each
other on those journeys life is now
memories and Foresight's are just
thoughts arising in the present which
can be enjoyed but don't allow yourself
to become lost in them I believe the
ultimate challenge for our generation is
to decentralize traditional power
structures and transition towards a
networked Society we have the
technological capabilities to achieve
this it's just the question of us being
able to adopt the necessary value
systems to the truth sometimes hurts but
I like to regard that as growing pains
it's never too late to start I remember
when I was about 15 wanting to start my
own diary but I didn't because I thought
well I've just missed out on two years
of really interesting things
there's no point starting now and then a
year later I had that same thought I
should have started then but there's no
point starting now because I've just
missed that previous year and it went on
and on every year became a reminder of
the importance of just starting and
eventually I did
letting go is one of the most important
skills you can master learn to forgive
others and yourself so that you don't
lose the present by allowing yourself to
become tormented by the past experiences
are more valuable than material
possessions also money has never really
been a big driving force in my life sure
you're only as free as your purchasing
power but as long as I have the
necessities of life I'm happy I see
failure as a form of enlightenment I'm
quite a free spirit which means I've
always struggled with hierarchical
structures and dealing with Authority
not out of this
spec's but because I see and treats all
people as equals be content with
yourself before starting a relationship
I see so many people go into one hoping
it will make them feel whole I just
don't think that's healthy empathy is
the one thing that can save human
civilization from itself global empathy
achieved through advanced digital
connectivity time is a healer just not
knowing how long it takes can be an
additional pain although unpleasant I've
developed a thick skin to negativity by
understanding that when it happens it's
because I've somehow made a significant
impact on someone's life so significant
that they felt the need to let me know
that they exist there is no such thing
as a bad person bad choices
sure bad intentions sure bad actions
sure but no one is inherently bad to the
core we all have the potential to change
for the better pace yourself and play
the long game I push myself too far and
often burn myself out as a result and
this ends up costing myself more time in
the long run we are all products of
circumstance and this fact alone should
be a driving force for creating a more
compassionate global society if you want
to grow make sure you have taken one
step outside of your comfort zone
I am so so lucky to have such a loving
and supportive family throughout my
entire life and although I never take
them for granted I do find myself
feeling guilty about it from time to
time guilty on the one hand because I
know there are many people out there who
don't have a family like that and I wish
everyone could but because it also makes
me question how can I possibly deserve
all of this outpouring of love that they
constantly give to me I will never be
able to make it up to them for all of
the things they have done for me and
that is probably the one thing in life
that scares me more than anything and
it's not because I feel that I have to
make
get up to them but because I really
really want to and finally through all
the love heartbreak gains losses
happiness depression struggles triumphs
you name it I wouldn't have this life
any other way it has been truly
beautiful and one hell of a journey and
now I'm 30 there were so many other
things that could have made this list
this was really hard to put together and
why not call a your own list of life
lessons that correspond with your age if
you're 20 come up with 20 things if
you're 60 come up with 60 and if you are
okay with sharing it then please let us
know in the comments section I always
love reading the comments because I feel
that we can learn so much off each other
after all that's what the big essence of
empathy is shared experience and it's
why I love making these videos every
week so thank you for watching as always
for the lovely birthday wishes and your
ongoing support and I'm looking forward
to seeing what the next 10 years can
teach me plenty I'm sure a da's til next
time
