every day I think of so many things I
want to make a video on and it's hard to
choose what to do and when to do it you
know you've got to choose the right
moment that I feel people will be most
engaged with the topics because it's
about inspiring it's about educating
it's about having a discussion about
things that matter and to be honest I
wasn't going to do a video today but
this evening I was just about to go to
bed and I was watching the Senate in the
state's talking about the NDAA about
indefinite detention I was completely
disgusted by the irrational behavior
rhetoric many of these are elected
officials were using and when it was
passed the legislation or at least to go
to the president for Obama to have his
last chance of making a veto on it I
actually was sick from anxiety and I get
it from time to time and I say its
realization of what a mess this world is
in but the truth is I thought I always
know what a mess the world is in its why
every second I have free time I don't
spend it watching TV or and you know
just chatting rubbish about whatever I
just think about what is the best thing
for us to do now because the truth is
time is running out and there are going
to be people who straight away go I'm
paranoid I'm crazy and so I'm just going
to give you I'll give you two things to
really consider and if you don't
understand them fully then research it
and if you're not sure how to be
researching stuff I've actually come up
with my own method recently which I
think you would find handy but first the
two things the first thing is an
infinite growth paradigm this is the
call reasoning I am so concerned about
the course the planet is taking right
now because we live in a monetary system
it's about making money it's about using
money to allocate resources on supply
and demand but it has no relationship
with the finite resources on the planet
now you can say well it does because
when supply goes low the price goes up
because of the resources were using but
it's all about knee-jerk reactions
about last minute things like we will
only change what we're doing when we
have to it's about short-term gains and
so the question I want to ask you is in
the current way that we live is this
sustainable because the answer is no
it's not and I reckon that we have due
to a lot of research I've looked into
you have to about twenty fifty for us to
change our patterns because population
will hit a critical mass in which is no
longer sustainable which can only mean
mass starvation will territorial
disputes and this comes to the whole
issue of why we need to act now because
now we have the best chance we possibly
have of changing things for the better
and the further down the line we go the
worse it's going to get and i'll give
you a metaphor that i use again and
again which I think really demonstrates
well what I'm talking about and it's
imagined being on a ship let's say the
Titanic which is about to sink there
will be people who are in the bar who
are drinking and thinking it's
unsinkable but as it starts sinking some
people will go for life raft and try and
get away but what I'm saying is well put
the ship is sinking we need to think of
a plan B we need to think of some
solutions because if we leave it until
the very last minute when it's like well
it's jump off now or we're dead we're
all going to be going for the life rafts
that are there we haven't prepared
ourselves and it can only lead in chaos
in which we are fighting for survival
amongst ourselves the second thing I
want you to look up is technological
singularity it's a really interesting
concept about how technology is evolving
at such an exponential rate like
population and therefore it becomes an
issue by 2050 or whether we're going to
prevail or perish are we going to learn
to use technology to benefit humanity or
is it going to be used in ways that
destroys us because if you look at a lot
of technology it can liberate humanity
but when you look at it in terms of the
monetary system you know efficiency in
technological one
appointment it's not compatible and
that's why we're going to see some
really huge changes and battles of
traditional verse emergent structures
happening in society over the next 50
years you know when I was young it was
about we've gotta recycle and look after
the planet now for future generations
sure that is true but what is also true
is it's about our generation we are
going to be living through this and the
sooner we act the better a chance we
have of sorting this out and so when it
comes to research what's my advice well
the way I do it now is this it's all
about validating what you research
ensuring that what you have isn't just
an opinion that you've researched it as
best as you can and therefore what I do
is when I watch a YouTube video or look
at a news article anything that
interests me and I think has some really
interesting points I sit down and I take
bullet point notes but after each bullet
point I will draw a little box and in
the box i'll put verified and then after
I've done all my notes on the article or
the video either straight after or I'll
you know have a break go off and come
back to it later I will then go through
each of those bullet points and research
them and validate them you know find
other evidence around the internet and
using articles to validate it and in
that process you may disprove it you may
prove it but you would definitely learn
even more than what you got from reading
that initial article you'll get a
broader sense of things which for me is
worked so well and I urge you to do it
because everyone can educate themselves
the internet is the best tool for doing
there and finally I want to talk about a
project I'm doing in 2012 I want to set
up a UK tool in which if there are any
radio stations if there are any
newspapers whether mainstream or local
if there are schools that allow people
to come in for talks universities
anything I want to set up a tour in
which I will take one to two weeks off
work
and I will go around the country doing
lectures on everything that I have
learned the past few years not to say
that I'm right but just to you know make
people start asking the right questions
and I think it's a really good thing to
engage young people with because people
do care it's just allowing them to feel
that you know they are a part of a
community of people in the world that
also give a um so yeah if you know
any platform that would have me come
along and talk my contact details are in
the description to this video let me
know and we'll take it from there and
hopefully we can organize at or early
next year if you're wondering what i'm
going to talk about it's mainly going to
be identifying the biggest problems in
society today and also suggesting some
solutions which aren't common knowledge
one example is something i learned five
years ago which is a technique in which
you can read up to a hundred pages a
minute with total recal now I know
already you'll be going that's that's
impossible yeah we would have heard
about it already well the question is
people haven't or a lot of people
haven't heard about it already so you
should be asking yourself why is that
and there are some logical reasons
behind that but I have done it it is an
amazing tool and I think that alone
should be available to the mainstream so
these are sort of things I want to go
into so am I wanted to get that off my
chest um keep fighting the good fight
thank you for taking time to watch this
I look forward to hearing from you soon
lex-2 next time lucky
