hey everyone I want to talk about video
which went viral today called my tram
experience if you haven't seen it
already click the annotation go check it
out and then come back to this one the
woman in it with her child used a lot of
verbal violence with the people around
her a lot of racism and it was clear
that the way she was saying what she
said was very emotional and what she had
said was very irrational and it caused
mass outrage but looking at the points
of discussion have been made by people
all over the world who have responded to
this video I've noticed there have been
a lot of comments and backlash which
have also been very emotional and very
irrational so the first comment I saw
quite a lot was comments of complete
shock oh my god OMG whatever and I found
that really interesting because you know
i do understand why people felt shocked
it's because it's not every day that you
see people spouting racism in public or
perhaps it is i mean the people that
were shocked to that video are those who
had just witnessed something that did
not relate to their usual frame of
reference because the truth is racism is
real and this video brought that issue
to the forefront the second comment i
saw used quite a lot was she represents
everything that is wrong in society okay
she doesn't represent everything but
when people use that phrase they tend to
mean that it's her alone you know
isolated it's it's her just her that
represents what's wrong with society but
people tend to forget that human beings
are brought up in society they are
shaped and molded by society and
therefore if you find a trait in a human
being which is completely abhorrence
then you need to find what the root
causes and the root cause will be found
within the fabrics of the society that
they were brought up in it's a fact now
the third comment was probably the one I
saw most frequently posted and it
related to the fact the woman had a
child on her lap and it was the comment
I feel sorry for the child but there's a
sad irony with that because people tend
to forget that that woman was once a
child
and perhaps what you saw in that video
was exactly the same upbringing that
woman had when she was younger and
therefore it now becomes an issue of
breaking the cycle do we condemn this
person or do we actually do same about
it to ensure that the cycle is broken
and this never happens again and I am by
no means saying I excuse the behavior
and I'm not saying that her upbringing
is the only factor either but I say it's
a significant one that must be
considered I am someone with the view
that we are all victims of our
environment now there are many people
that criticize me for that and say that
environment is only part of the reason
for people's actions so therefore I then
asked the question well what else is a
factor because if any of the facts as
those people mention are external to
that human being then that is a part of
their environment that is a part of
their frame of reference I've also been
criticized for having that viewpoint
because I'm somehow suggesting that we
don't have responsibility that the fact
that that woman did have responsibility
she did have a choice but once again
going back to experience yet she may
have had a choice but when someone has a
choice it's based on a selection of
choices and therefore if growing up she
was brought up in a family where she was
only exposed to racism and bigotry how
would she have had the ability to choose
any other way that she was not made
aware of does that make sense and just
to back up my point with some examples
and back in the day if I can call it
that um if you were growing up in Rome
you may be told by your parents hey if
you're really really good if you're well
behaved for the rest of the week we'll
take you down to the arena and we can
watch people being fed to lions which
probably sounds trivial what I'm saying
but back then in that environment that
is what people believe because that was
the culture they lived in that was the
society that they were shaped by if you
were born in Nazi Germany with a Nazi
family and you had no other external
conflicting opinions which may have
steered you away from what you were
taught the chances are you would have
become a Nazi and with that in mind you
can start to see that we are victims of
our environment so where does
responsibility come from where it comes
from society like a person who has some
disposable income and decides to give it
to charity like a person who has some
spare time and therefore does some
volunteering work and like a person who
chooses to do a job not because of the
pay but because of the value they can
contribute to society basically I'm
saying the responsibility comes from us
the people that can see that video of
the woman being racist and know that it
is wrong because clearly she didn't know
it was wrong clearly she was uneducated
or was misguided with her beliefs it all
comes down to the essence of empathy
because if humanity was purely
empathetic hypothetically speaking then
hatred would no longer exist on this
planet and it's because we would become
one we would understand the pain that we
calls to someone when we do wrong and on
the flip side we would understand the
pleasure we give other people when we
help those that need helping you may
have decided to call the woman on the
video sick without truly realizing what
you were saying because she may be sick
and sick people need helping they need
treating they need rehabilitating order
they just need condemning because that's
a lot of what I have seen today and some
of you may argue that because she's an
adult she's had so much momentum already
in her life of experiences which have
pushed her in this direction that it'll
be almost impossible for us to steer
back on the right path and that's just
not the case I've seen it with my own
eyes but it requires a society that is
not willing to give up on people because
if we give up on people there's only
going to be one outcome we can be
certain of and that is they're not going
to change and if you want an example I
know a man who joined the KKK and
dissolved the group of 30 men within
just two months not by putting them down
but by educating it and if you want to
hear more about that story then just
click this annotation it's a fascinating
one and it may inspire you not to give
up on people so easily if flights a day
we allow cyber witch hunts to happen if
we only care about revenge and
accountability and naming and shaming
and in a lot of K
let our emotions override our rational
thinking how can we ever be expected to
create a truly civilized society
