hey everyone hope all is well I've been
a warrior my entire life it's definitely
something that runs in the family
but you know what it's okay to worry
from time to time as long as you have a
way of coping whenever it surfaces
unfortunately my ability to do so fell
apart a few years ago allowing it to
mutate into this well-known monster
called anxiety but fortunately cognitive
behavioral therapy taught me a fantastic
thought exercise which turn this all
around its name the worry tree now this
will not be particularly groundbreaking
new information to many of you but
that's okay it wasn't to me either but I
like to regard these type of things as
helpful reminders as they draw our
attention towards things we often
overlook this is how the worry tree
works whenever you start to worry ask
yourself the following can I do
something about this problem worrying
about something you have no control over
is counterproductive so if the answer is
no you need to let go easier said than
done
letting go is probably one of the
toughest things to do in life so try
shifting your attention onto something
else
whether that be working on a project
engaging in a hobby or socializing with
others let me give you an example
worrying about what your exam results
are going to be it is fine to be
concerned with this kind of thing
because after all exams are important
but worry arises when you start
amplifying that concern by jump into
conclusions or thinking of worst-case
scenarios the exam has already taken
place you can't make the results come
any sooner so it's important that you
shift your focus to other things in the
meantime live your life if your answer
to the question can I do something about
this problem was a yes though then you
need to ask yourself another can I do
something about this problem now if the
answer is no decide when you would be
able to and schedule it accordingly
until that time comes try your best to
let go of the problem and shift your
focus onto something else
an example of this would be worrying
about a particularly large piece of work
that needs to be completed by the
following week whilst being snowed under
by lots of work that needs to be done
right now the solution could be to block
out some time to do that large piece of
work in a few days meaning that there is
no need to think or worry about it until
then however if you can do something
about the problem now engage with it to
the best of your ability once you've
established and worked a solution
letting go and giving yourself mental
space should become a hell of a lot
easier if you find yourself getting
stuck part of the way through then just
go back to the top of the worry tree and
start again it's no big deal I have
linked in the video description a
diagram of the worry tree which is great
for printing out and sticking up around
the house worried forms when we become
so focused on the problem at hand to the
point of avoiding decision-making or
taking action to solve it
so hopefully the worry tree can help
your mindset become more solution
focused so give it a try and let me know
how it goes and of course if there are
any other techniques you use to deal
with worry
please let me know I would love to hear
them I think it should be said though it
is ok to worry in life it means you care
but like most things there is a healthy
balance that we should all aim for and
you want to know what I'm currently
worrying about I turn 30 this week 30
where does time go I still feel so young
but is there anything I can do about it
well yeah I can celebrate with friends
and family which is exactly what I'm
going to be doing this weekend which
should be nice and I'll probably make a
video that is about reaching this
particular milestone so expect a video
from me next week that is somewhat
birthday related thank you all for
watching as always be sure to click the
like button and share this with anyone
you know who is a warrior hopefully this
helps you or them and I will see you
next week a DJ still next time
