hey everyone now I appreciate the main
reason most people come to youtube is
for some light-hearted content and for
some randomness and to be honest my
channel hasn't quite met the annual
randomness quota yet so I guess I could
make up for it now
ah don't click that annotation but do
click that one or am I being misleading
yeah that's right I've got a new single
coming out about global revolution some
people say giraffes aren't scary but I
beg to differ what you don't believe me
well look here you see see this draft
just here but if you just and speaking
of animals look here a pelican thinking
he's across on yeah that's right
pelicans have an imagination to what
you're going to do about it thought so
yeah that's right I have mind-reading
powers as well what you're gonna do
about it I thought so when it comes to
being random it does show a sense of
creativity unless of course your random
acts were intensively planned I could
say I was attacked by a tiger yeah
that's not random enough mmm attacked by
attacked by yes that's attacked by a
tiger yeah once I know if you're truly
random stand up and imagine there is a
box on the floor in front of you now be
sure to record yourself doing this but
pretend you're reaching in the box and
throwing out items that are inside it
but say out loud what the items are the
aim of this is to make sure each item
that you shout out is completely
different and unrelated to the previous
one so instead of going jacket trousers
shoes you'd say something like bicycle
cupcake plumber it's harder than you
think it is to record yourself and be
sure to post it as a video response to
this video okay i D like being random
and crazy from time to time and doing
funny videos but only when i'm in the
mood but as many of you know the main
reason i make youtube videos is to try
and change the world and inspire other
people in the past couple of years I've
been intensively researching into what's
going on in the world and I guess as a
result of that in a way I've kind of
lost my innocence and the whole concept
of me losing my naivety about this world
is something I've just done a podcast on
if your Sony lights to engage in real
discussions then you should check out my
new podcast show it's available on
itunes and youtube com forward slash
podcast 376 please do subscribe to it
get involved in the discussions and on
the channel page there is a form you can
fill out to submit topics and questions
you'd like me to deal with on future
episodes so yeah what I haven't hit my
annual randomness quite yet well what
else can I do oh no I don't think that's
a good idea is this random enough it
I think so but it's just the price I pay
destiny is calling me open up my eager
eyes God mr. Bryce cost 376
you
