hi everyone so right now I am editing a
video which I hope to upload to my
youtube channel tonight but it's about
probably the most important projects
involving online community and people
all around the world that I've done in
my entire life it's saying I've talked
about extensively the past year and I
actually mentioned at the end of stick
aid which I did last week thanks to all
those who tuned in but in the meantime I
just wanted to ask this question and
that is do you know what is happening
across the whole of the u.s. at the
moment and what is about to happen in
the UK and in London specifically on
october 15th i appreciate some people do
know but there has been a huge media
blackout in the UK and the US press and
i think it's really important that
everyone is made aware of this and is
given the opportunity using the
fantastic tool of the internet to
educate themselves about it because it's
quite shocking not so much for me
because I've always thought that this
sort of thing was going to happen and it
relates to the project that i am
announcing tonight so i have answered
the question of what is happening in the
US and is about to happen in the UK at
the moment but i did it as soon as I got
in the front door from work and I put it
on my Facebook page so if you go to the
link in the description I answer it
there I just didn't want to regurgitator
here cuz it'll probably sounded
unnatural and rehearsed which is not my
aim so check it out leave your comments
and we'll take it from there love you
will appreciate your time bye
