isn't that the coolest toilet etiquettes
I never knew album very exciting times
but because I've been so limited for
time I haven't really had a chance to do
a video so sorry guys no video for me
this week is that I should do one here
that's a genius idea come with me so now
I'm here in the studio kitchen where
there is lots of food read like breath
there in packaging I've got nice little
drum kit to practice on yeah pretty cool
yeah
breakfast is obviously the most
important meal of the day gives you the
energy to get going so we got here
I love bite-size shredded wheat
obviously putting words in my mouth
because I'm just reading the packet it's
not really opinion I have but there's
not enough protein in it but KFC have
released a new cereal called poultry
pops okay thank you random man behind
the camera there we go
poultry pops really really cool popcorn
chicken but actually wanted for
breakfast this is for you amazing
there it is very sweet it's good just
like any cereal really small protein
lies mm-hmm mixed thoughts right now
yeah sometimes like food is so good you
just want to throw out your guess hmm
now we could speed this up do a time
that's meat in it but we got time for
that
normal cereal go get it now yeah that's
really really good but not enough
protein to start the day so dog feed
because it's obviously for dogs but says
here natural nutrition and it's fresh
lamb and kidneys so must be good I'll
break it for this mmm you got a dog in a
needs feeding
look what's gonna happen to your finger
so don't own a dog it's not worth the
risk
pour it in there
and just like with the cereal because I
have a bit of a sweet tooth get to have
some sugar on there as well so just a
couple not too much I want to spoil the
taste of the nice doggy
hi everyone Effects of cheating as
always be sure to click the yellow
button and subscribe and if you want to
see my newest video click the blue
button right now I'm also contacted all
through Facebook and Twitter
and as always I have two videos to
recommend to you the first one is
another disgusting food drink one called
epic drink time and also if you're
curious about the band that I drum for
and check out our new channel which is
just there and hopefully you will
support us apply the new debut album and
spread the word so thank you and a day
till next time
