hey everyone hope all is doing well
since doing my last video which was
about ownership which you can see by
clicking here by the way I've had a lot
of emails and tweets and comments about
what my thoughts are on the London riots
which I thought I'd touched on in a kind
of subtle way on that video because it's
about ownership and possessions which is
off T what drive a lot of people to do
what they did um but with the constant
bombardment I thought it was fair for me
to express what I thought and you know
just overall I think it was terrible
what happened but with everything that
was happening in the media and with the
the police you know bombarding these
people that obviously do need the stuff
that they got I just think we're
overreacting a bit it's just it's just
become so much and what it has become
too much really and we need to put
things in perspective there's currently
an e-petition going out saying that
these people that have been arrested and
convicted should no longer have their
benefits and I just don't see that as
being justified if anything is going to
incur it's just gonna get encouraged it
more to happen in future so I say is you
know fine we've got the people that have
done it so far but if you know just back
away now that the people that haven't
been caught just say fair enough it's
been just it's been a few days they've
got what they want and just let them get
on with it because I don't know I just
think it's got a bit much really that
the media and the politicians with all
their rhetoric it's just getting very
extreme and I think if we have a clean
slate and yeah sure that's we cook great
but that that was it really so let's
just call it quits and start a new slate
and everyone's happy and those who've
got stuff I've got stuff in those who
haven't let's help them yeah how you
want me to do with this yo if you
enjoyed this video be sure to click the
yellow button and subscribe thank you
very much and if you want to see my
latest video don't miss it press the
blue button right now I am on Facebook
and Twitter so be sure to hit me up on
there and I have two video
recommendations for you one of them is
the video I mentioned already which is
about ownership which you can view there
and my second video recommendation is
called epic drink time just because my
brother helped me out with that and he
helped me out with this one as well so
I'm sure there are a lot of questions
about this video if you want my real
opinion about the riots it obviously was
very tragic and we need to look at the
bigger picture anyone who thinks the
people that were doing riots were evil
are wrong because the difference between
you I and those people that were writing
on the streets is circumstance if we
were brought up in the way that they
were brought up there is something in
their environment which has caused them
to do that if they were given other
opportunities and other areas more
resources to fulfill their actual dreams
and aspirations that they perhaps could
have had if shown another way in life
then perhaps they wouldn't have gone
down that route we do need to take short
term solutions but you know any of these
kids that go into prison if we take away
the benefits from the people who have
been convicted that's going to push him
further down the line we've just got to
look at the bigger picture you know when
i'm getting the train home from work now
people talking very irrationally and
with emotion of anger but the anger
should be vented at the fact that how
have we created a society which allows
this to happen and that is the question
we have to be asking
