it's not often is it that we can admit
finding something funny in a public
toilet what really oh okay well
obviously I'm missing out then well the
other day I went to Asda which is the
british version of Walmart's and when
walking past the restroom I came across
this sign I mean there is taking pride
in your job or give you that but then
there is taking the piss video reference
but then again I suppose taking the piss
is a part of the job off the floor that
is with them up and I should know I
worked for seven months at ski resort in
France in which I was a hotel host I had
to clean rooms anything from sick in a
toilet without gloves which would have
been nice so you cleaning out garage
doubt oh geez yes that's right gouged
out I juice it was quite horrific to be
honest and will stay with me for the
rest of my life but that's a story we
can keep for another time if of course
you are interested in Gao Shou oh jeez
and it was at this job in France that I
gained a battle scar I mean you hear all
the time about people with battle scars
where they in fact inflicted a really
tedious injury and then gloss it over
with a really epic story to make it
sound like it was truly justified when
actually the justification was then
being an idiot or unlucky in my case as
for me I'm not gonna say how I was
wrestling with a shark or doing
press-ups over a bear trap or even being
the bodyguard for daniel radcliffe at
the latest harry potter movie premiere
i'm just going to tell you how it is and
you can have a cheap laugh and we can
all just leave this video with a little
smug look of yeah miles was pretty
stupid yeah brilliant this is on my arm
but then if you can see it it comes up
more when I'm 10 / um yeah it goes all
the way down there and it fades around
the corner so one random night I wake up
in complete darkness because that's what
it's like in the middle of the night
dark and I thought I prick in my arm as
in a sting not up yeah
so being half asleep I didn't really
think anything of it and so I rolled
over and as I rolled over I felt a huge
rip go up my arm turn on the light and
there was my arm covered in blood so
what happened to me any guesses night
not wrestling with sharks in a dream not
dreaming of a bear trap or Daniel
Radcliffe what happened was one of the
bedsprings had come through the mattress
and therefore dug into my arm it was
only when I rolled over that the bed
spring when and ripped that skull which
has stayed there for quite some time but
it's okay the place i was working took
good care of me they said it wasn't
worthy of being put in the accident book
and they gave me reassurance by telling
me just to flip over the mattress and
sleep on the other side brilliant solder
hear your battle scar stories if you
have any post them as a comment or a
video response and then why not tell us
how it really happened
look forward to hearing your stories
that is till next time
