hi everyone how's it going for almost
five years now I've been on YouTube
creating videos trying to find projects
that could really inspire people around
the world to do what they love to do but
no matter how passionate you are about
helping other people in the world you
must be standing on a strong foundation
and that does require responsibility for
one's self this was certainly a lesson
that took me many years to figure out
I'm having episodes of depression where
I was so worried about those that I was
trying to help out or even times where I
was helping people and then when they
achieved what they wanted to do they
never bothered to turn back and help me
in return I began to understand that I
needed to take care of my own emotional
and physical well-being and then it
would be at that point I would then have
the strength to help others more
effectively from a psychology degree to
BBC television to construction to
unemployment I have really been on a
huge financial roller coaster but my
focus in life to use this technology to
bring the world together has not changed
if anything it's evolved last year was
invited by Sky News to talk about making
money on youtube in which I stood up for
the community and I said but I think
that we need to be realistic here the
majority of people who are partners
aren't making profit and honestly I
think my bluntness really pissed YouTube
and Google off at that time I didn't
think I was ever going to hear from them
again where was only a few weeks ago
that I was approached by a company
called channel flip it's a digital
company whose current aims is to engage
with the UK YouTube community they had
approached Google and asked them if they
knew of anyone who created content and
knew the logistics of viral marketing
and online community they gave one named
Miles Dyer which as you can imagine was
just a complete shock to the system
consequently I was offered a job by
channel flip and I was so humbled by
this and it was to become their YouTube
marketing director and YouTube talent
representative I've was offered the name
that I wanted to go with and it was a
YouTube marketing Jedi this is seriously
my dream job and so I stand here today
about to implement a video idea I had
over three years ago I always thought
it'd be cool to just do one of my usual
vlogs projecting my train of thought in
the comfort of my own home only to step
forward and reveal that in fact this
environment is full
and is actually a pretty epic studio
isn't this cool quite green so keeping
everything in mind there is a
correlation amongst all these issues
because if I'm talking about helping
other people being financially secure
having a dream job or implementing a
video idea like the one I've just
demonstrated it's all possible it just
takes time passion and patience and
whatever you have your heart and mind
set on in life I'm not telling you this
in the form of a empty cliche but in
conclusion to personal experience you
really need to keep the faith after five
years I've finally been put in a
position where I can represent the UK
YouTube community in a significant way
over the years it has evolved it was
about setting up YouTube gatherings
putting together teams for winning
reality TV shows all great things but we
should all admit that YouTube has become
a lot more business orientated and there
is this kind of battle of doing what you
are really passionate about but also
being able to make money to financially
support you in doing those things so I'm
now in a position where I can ensure you
get paid to do what you love much more
than what YouTube currently offers and
furthermore I'm now in a position to
offer you access to studios like this a
production team and decent equipment
that will really allow them to upgrade
the quality of their content I can do
tricks like this I can also change my
environment hell I could do whatever I
want just one thing therefore I want to
make an open invitation to any YouTube
partners out there who really wants to
make the most out of their constant just
contact me so there you have it pretty
cool huh and I guess there's already
going to be a bit of a vibe of sounds
too good to be true and to be honest I
completely understand it was exactly how
I felt when I first came to this company
to work here and I'm just having the
best time of my life and you can trust
me i mean what i really be standing here
against my own will
