hi everyone how's it going miles diet
here played 376 love he will be making
comments recently saying that I haven't
been doing videos like I yeasty this has
been a comment that's been made
year-on-year really go back to saying I
did maybe three four five years ago
where I used to just walk about talking
and doing videos like this but I guess
the point I'd like to make is although
maybe the method in which I conduct my
videos the way I film has changed I
don't think that mean changing so am I
still deep videos about things that
matter to me about things I think are
relevant in the moment and I guess the
reason I'm doing video light it stays
also because it is a really nice day and
being so on who has saed sad seasonal
affective disorder it does have a plus
side because you know I always talk
about peaks and troughs and you know
although through winter I feel awful
when it is sunny like this it feels
amazing even more amazing some who
perhaps doesn't have s ad so I guess
it's why I like colors like black and
white it's why I like contrast in light
it's why I like heavy metal music that
has melodic singing because when you
have contrast it makes you appreciate
each end of the spectrum even more by
the way do you like my band shirt
they're really cool and it goes with the
issue of contrast actually but yeah
should I wanted to talk about an issue
which is related to a project I've been
working hard on the past month which is
the universal solutions project and this
project is going to be released publicly
soon let's do a lot of work needs to be
done by working with hundreds of
volunteers that are from over 50
different countries around the world and
its really inspiring and I know the last
few videos I've done have been sort of
presentations about the concepts
underlying it but I think people don't
realize that this is something that can
really bring everyone together because
it's about the issue of problems
just person right now and so the
question I want to put for today is the
fact that if you are dealing with
problems in society do you think that is
a personal problem that occurs for which
one demographic what do you think it is
a human problem because I think any
problem in life is a human problem and
so the question I'm going to propose
today is in your frame of reference now
a frame of reference relates to the
things you see in the street the things
that are in mind in your life right now
the things that you Patsy on the news
things that matter to you what is
currently going on in your world whether
it's on a local national global level
type each problem as a separate comment
to this video and then have a look down
on other people's comments and thumb up
ones that you think are relevant to you
or matter to you and I think you find
that all the comments that are expressed
are not individual problems but they're
in fact global problems there in fact
human problems and I think when we start
to take that approach when dealing with
things in the world you know we realize
that humanity needs to come together and
deal with things not as demographics for
example if we talk about equality
politicians all the time are talking
about making equal numbers of men and
women in politics equal numbers of
ethnic groups in politics and the way
that they deal with this problem is by
positive discrimination by saying okay
if we got two candidates one white one
black and they have equal capabilities
based on positive discrimination we
would employ the minority and by doing
this aren't we kind of saying that the
quality can never be artificially
created because by trying to create
equality you're actually going against
the quality by treating people
differently and I remember Morgan
Freeman once in an interview talking
about Black History Day and he didn't
want it because he said do you have a
white History Day he goes well then in
that case I don't want a Black History
Day and the issue is
start making issue of things based on
demographics and not based on human
problems you are making things device if
you are separating people and we're not
bringing people together that way and I
guess I wanted to talk about this for a
while in a video I've been doing on my
podcast but I think when the news of a
summer bin Laden being killed this
morning and seeing people take to the
streets in the u.s. saying USA USA I
kind of asked those people do you really
think it's about USA USA what do you
think it's about making the world a
better place as a whole so on that note
I should probably um head back home now
and I really look forward to hearing
your thoughts think of any problems that
are in mind whether they are local
national or global post them as
individual comments and think about
whether or not they are individual
problems based upon individuals or
particular demographics of human beings
or are they human problems and I think
when we start having that mentality
patriotism all these elements are so
traditional I think we'll slowly wear
away in society because we realize we
just want to come together we want to
help each other we want to tear away the
brands that separate different activism
groups and charities which are trying to
eradicate poverty and say why don't we
come together and based on that
philosophy that is what the universal
solutions projects I've been working on
lately is about and I think it's going
to become something very very huge and
anyone who wants to help out with that
feel free to get in contact so I'm as
always have a good week and a day is
till next time
