I propose that we set up an online
database system which will address
problems occurring in the world today
and provide solutions that are backed by
research and not just opinion
consequently this will create a strong
foundation for us to then develop tools
to spread awareness all over the world
inspiring people to educate themselves
and to become problem solvers before
explaining the education and awareness
project it would be I deals first
explore the underlying principles of
education and awareness I mean when I
mention the word education what comes to
mind do you feel the way education
operates in society today is good enough
and if not why not personally I don't
believe education should be primarily
about the transfer of information from
one person to the next but instead it
should be the process in which we
inspire other people to question and
think for themselves furthermore the
education people receive shouldn't be
based upon their geographical location
or the amount of money they have it
should be about how much they want to be
educated now when it comes to spreading
awareness of this project the goal
should be focused upon making people
want to actively participate in this it
should literally just be about making
people aware it may sound like an
obvious point but it is one that is
disregarded by so many activist groups
and movements today who aim to
indoctrinate others with their values to
give an example of spreading awareness
recently I have been informing my
friends about things going on in the
world at the moment not many people know
about they agree with me that solutions
need to be implemented but they do not
feel motivated to acts now they have
gone back to living their lives not
letting this new information affect the
way they live their life however this is
okay because there may become a point
where their personal life becomes
affected by local national or global
problems this could include becoming
unemployed or building up a huge debt
such occurrences would be the very
catalyst which makes them decide to
become active in the educational
awareness project this would be their
own awakening so the reality that this
world needs to come together
and so ultimately the main points I'd
like to make about educational awareness
is that it's about giving people the
ability to choose because if people
choose to become involved in this
project and not because they've been
told to join they will be much more
passionate and engaged many people will
argue that awareness it's about taking
to the streets and making a physical
presence to promote the change they wish
to see in this world this is certainly a
part of the awareness process but having
a strong foundation which contains
detailed information with credibility
will give much more focus and power to
those wishing to take such actions
because if or when the system fails the
frustration among society will be
reduced if we have a transparent source
of information which provides viable
solutions to the occurring problems
frustration comes from the lack of
solution now and people live their lives
while politicians take care of society
put out inverted commas and this is
exactly why the average person doesn't
have solutions for many of the world's
problems today because in their current
system it was never their responsibility
but regardless of your job title whether
you're a politician or a shopkeeper we
are all humans and we should all have
the opportunity to help change the world
for the better we can see currently that
political systems all over the world are
being held under immense scrutiny by the
general populations for example when
civil unrest is occurring in the Middle
East many of us do not look towards our
prime ministers and presidents to find
out what is going on we can see with our
own eyes through the internet therefore
we turn to our leaders and say this is
going on so what are you doing about him
furthermore having an educated
population will actually reduce
significantly the risk of governmental
corruption and exploitation and going
back to the issue of frustration
frustration is going to occur when
things within the society starts a fire
and people begin to wonder things like
how did these elected politicians allow
this to happen you know this is when
anger will really hit hard the recession
was described by many politicians as
being unforeseeable when this was simply
not the
case the only reasons it could have been
unexpected as they would describe it
would be due to poor communication of
information since there were politicians
who did warn us back then or the facts
opinions and hidden agendas got in the
way after all my driving instructor
warned me about a recession coming years
before it actually did because he had
access to research and information which
revealed this a recent event I'd like to
highlight that illustrates the nature of
frustration is the loss of confidence in
the government in Egypt people took to
the streets were very passionate but
peaceful protests because they had a
solution in mind they knew what they
wanted and therefore frustration was at
a controllable level but when President
Mubarak said he wasn't going to step
down which is what the people wanted
frustration rose and violent clashes
began because people no longer knew what
they could do but when the president
finally did step down the country united
and things went to a new degree of
normality I mean next day people
clearing up the streets and getting back
on with their lives education is about
empowering people with the ability to
become problem solvers based on
legitimate research and not opinion
whilst awareness is about giving people
the opportunity to come together and
work towards common goals so the
education and awareness project I'd like
to propose consists of three stages the
first is to create an information
database and secondly to enable audience
acquisition and third to create tools
for spreading awareness by watching the
videos I've posted about each stage of
the project you will realize that
regardless of your experience and
passions in life there is something here
for everyone to get involved with and
hopefully this will achieve the goals
it's been set out to do
