I know what you're thinking miles you
look a mess d not care about how you
look or at least my mother's saying that
all the way in Boston yeah I do look a
mess and it's because I've been dealing
with more internal things lately not
talked about in suggestion but my soul
my heart my mind a lot of big things
have happened in my life lately but yes
tomorrow I probably will have a shave
and sort my hair out especially because
i'm recording the last episode of the
LOL experiment just in time for
Valentine's Day which should be pretty
cool but anyway when it comes to care
especially on YouTube and I guess you
could measure one's care for someone
else or something else based on clicks
and I'm gonna demonstrate that now you
may have stumbled across this video and
therefore don't know who I am don't care
for who I am and that's fine or you may
do and then click on my channel username
to then see my other videos and then the
more clicks you make the more
interesting care you have for me as a
person up in relation to this video
there is a link in the description box
and if you click it it will take you to
a video i filmed earlier today and I
just didn't know if it should have gone
on this channel it doesn't look that
professional it's a poor video blog from
me because i look rough like I do now
just explaining where I am in life at
the moment because I feel like I've had
to make a really big decision about what
I want to do with my life to help people
and I just wanted to share that with you
on there so I guess if you care you'll
click that in a description and then a
second degree of care the annotation on
the screen right now is to a movie that
was released earlier this year which was
very inspiring to me and i highly
recommend you watch it and i guarantee
there'll be at least one thing in life
that you'll see from a completely
different perspective now and i will be
posting videos very very soon but i just
wanted to let you know that i am ok i've
just been dealing with a lot of inner
battles and I think company
