hi everyone this is myles diet and
you're listening to podcast 376 as i
mentioned a few episodes ago i would be
on tour with fear factory around the UK
and joining with me today is my good
friend and once hero burton seatbelt oh
I like the fact that you're a friend so
that's awesome of course and this was
saying we were talking about but the
reason that I thought we'd have this
conversation was because I mean to begin
with before we became good friends I did
see as a hero son who inspired me much
and because it's saying I've been
discussing with lots of people about
inspiration that I thought it would be
good to hear your views on things
because I think you've been aware of
having huge influence on people for like
what is it 20 years you've been playing
now something like they're 20 years
maybe an influence for 15 right and what
and I guess my first question therefore
is when did you first start realizing
that it wasn't people weren't just
enjoying your music but perhaps people
were taking something a bit more
seriously I remember the first time a
fellow came up to me was in dallas texas
it was on the d manufacture tour I can't
remember who are on tour with it was in
Dallas we're in deep ellum somewhere was
summertime maybe it was a megadeth or
something and uh this kid comes up to me
this guy and he approached me and he's
like man he really harp was like talking
to me so heartfelt it was there's so
much like passion his voice thing about
song replica and how much he identified
with that song because that was his life
and in Falaise that don't know about
replica that the premise is about uh
basically being conceived through rape
and does that make you does that action
of hate make you turn you into something
else or will you be hateful your whole
life would be you are you're going to
follow a replica of what your life is or
you're going to follow replica of what
you know social or genetic social
genetic structure so along the point but
that's when I first realized like well
people
reading my lyrics and I thought it was
really it really became poignant to me
but I was always kind of person from the
very beginning I was like I knew I
didn't want to write just about stupid
nothingness you know just one if I was
going to have this moment in time and
people are going to read my lyrics I'm
just seeing something or say something I
wanted to mean something I wanted to use
this time on earth to the most used that
advantage while I could and so ever
since the very beginning of Fear Factor
I've always wanted this you know be very
sure of my words and did when you
identified and had that reaction I mean
the issue of responsibility did they
ever come to a new level in the sense
that you felt more responsible because
no I never felt responsible because I
never felt I was responsible for other
people's actions what I feel responsible
for other people's emotions yes um the
only place I felt responsible was that I
needed to whatever I was going to say I
had to believe in it and with pure
conviction yeah and I had to say it's
distinctly and directly yep and know
exactly what i was talking about and
seeing passionately I'm never was you
know I purposely never wanted to curse
on songs there's a guess there's a
couple of songs i do say a couple of
swear words yeah but it's more for an
effect an emphasis emphasis effect an
emphasis but I never felt a
responsibility because I just don't
think you know I've I grew up thinking
about these are just lyrics you know
whatever they're saying and it's like
this is what this person is this is what
this person feels like but I never felt
that I was responsible for an other
other person's actions right yeah I mean
in my own experience recently when it
comes to giving advice and that and the
issue I've had is people once they
connect with you they rely more on you
you know and it's about keeping that
safe distance I guess so for example I
get people who I'm sure you get it as
well where they give you letters with
their
stories and troubles and you know from
the moment you read that email I mean
just because my videos are actually
about giving advice and that I feel like
responsible but actually you've got to
take a deep breath and be realistic
about it and you cannot you cannot get
personal about it yeah and you like your
music and like my videos it is for the
masses and therefore it's always going
to be a tool to inspire but it's not a
call to say to people I'm willing to
help with you on individual basis is
yeah I'm not gonna be a therapist but
yeah that's yeah I was probably a much
my wife a minute I was quite long winded
as always but yeah I'm not your
therapist I but you know you know if my
if my words and our music can help you
through a hard time that's cool you know
that that that's a bonus anyway that's a
bonus and for me you know there's lots
of artists out there and bands that I
listened to that helped me through hard
times as well but I don't make them
responsible to make me feel better
because it was you it would be your
choice to make him responsible no
there's any way you can make yourself
feel better not no one else yeah that's
good that's that was a topical podcast
not too long ago actually about making
yourself and I guess it is your choices
that's interesting they've been some
questions actually sent to me on Twitter
and that so I'm just going to go through
some of them now one of the questions
was from tasia who asked and canuel hero
inspire you too much I guess the way I
tackle this is it can you be inspired to
much because it's the responsibility
that we just talked about there but the
hero you can only be honest about what
they're doing but at the ends a day is
well there's how those two different
aspects a hero mine and we know they're
this person's hero first of all yeah but
is it impossible is it possibly inspired
too much I don't think so I don't think
there's I don't think there's any such
thing as being inspired to my night
night because inspiration can keep going
and going and going there's and there is
no limit for inspiration what you do
with it is when it may be questionable
may you know that's up to you really you
know if you use your sprite you know if
I don't know um ok say if
Jesus is your hero you know you you
admire the man for his words admired
what he did for Humanity but you know if
you're gonna have a Jesus complex and
you know martyr yourself and right you
know do social suicide then maybe that's
you know taking a little too far right
yeah so is going beyond yeah what is
literature there yeah okay ah let's have
a look Lucy says how important do you
think it is or how much pressure is
there to educate fans of the things you
believe in so i guess it goes back to
that issue of responsibility like how
important is it like to i guess when
you're right in lyrics if you had like a
pie chart of you know percent yeah ya
know that we could do whatever like you
know percentage of entertainment value
like what is the mentality behind it
it's a fair question you know other
people are different and people put more
pressure on themselves and others but
for me like i said before you know the
responsibility i feels to myself
responsibility is that I what I'm going
to say needs to be said accurately and
with conviction and passionately and I
have to believe in exactly what I'm
saying and you know because fans can
tell if it's faked or fridge true but
that's the only you know I don't feel
pressure from fans or from an audience
you know that I'm not that kind of
person I'm not that type of you know I
don't have that a type of egocentric
ideal where you know I'm thinking of you
know what I'm thinking everyone else has
to think the same thing yes you know
this is my opinion and I'm just one man
and it's just to provoke it's just too
you know you know provoke a thought yeah
and that's all that's that is my goal
you know just like if you're going to
listen to the words and you're going to
read the lyrics you know maybe the ones
and maybe you'll think about what I'm
saying maybe it'll take you somewhere
else yes ah that's cool Louis asks is it
better to aspire and follow a hero
rather than to expand and try and do
good yourself I read that and that's a
two-parter obviously yeah yeah
I had to look at it again is it better
to aspire and follow a hero rather than
expand and trying to dig so I guess it's
how much you rely well you know if if
there's someone in your life or someone
that you admire that inspires you that
is a great spark that is a great start
and you know so therefore if this person
is inspiring you to do something better
for yourself to help you creatively
through your life or to help you help
others that hero is a good thing yes and
however you know at some point you have
to take your own identity and move
forward with that you could probably
move farther than your hero you can
probably expired more than your hero has
ever done but your hero has given you
the inspiration to do more and so
therefore I guess it can be seen in
family senses know your family parents
always want your kids to be better than
solutely better than they have yes you
know they all parents want their always
parents want their children have more
than what they have yes that's that's
normal but you know at some point you're
the hero can always be an inspiration
but at some point your own identity must
take precedence of course and that
identity that you become suddenly
becomes a hero to someone else right I
guess it's the fact that you know no
matter what ideas your heroes providing
as the catalyst you're never going to be
able to you will never betray exactly
what they were thinking anyway so you've
got to be real to yourself actually go
with the one thing can be certain I can
actually do anything you're on your own
mind cool um I think uh that was it I
was just gonna ask you also am who is
your hero I should across these off
batter on my part but yet who are your
heroes you know I of course I have a few
heroes in my life one of my heroes is my
mother who inspired me to be an artist
and and I think
her very much because I well did she
what did she do she was she's always
been supportive she should always face
me in a direction towards art because
she always knew that that's what she
always knew that that's what I always
was more interested in any way so she
always was very supportive and whatever
i did with neither music painting or
photography or writing so she was very
supportive and everything I've done
artistically and she supports me so
that's obvious obvious ly you know
there's always a lot of my heroes of
some point selling a lot of McCain
musicians Martin Luther of the new the
later the later of the Protestant
Reformation he's a hero because he was
such a rebel yes against the Catholic
Church that to me that's inspiring you
know he risked everything for his
beliefs yes that is to me that's what
life's all about you must risk
everything for what you believe in and
if you've become a slave to society
become a slave to an institution then
you become part of that institution that
you don't believe in you know after a
while I had some you know Bono it was a
inspiration because one his vocals and
then you know the his band and then you
know then what he's done with his
humanitarian work over the years and
inspired you on a subconscious level in
the sense that I think when fear factory
first formed it was because you were
heard singing you two in the shower I
love them that's not me being a weird I
like what was that it was it was on the
DVD at night as well as a well-known
story Nick Cave became a huge
inspiration for a long time before his
writing I noticed in a cave because I
was writing and his on his musical style
first of all but I'd be because he's
such a fantastic lyrics & lyricists and
storyteller that I wanted to be like
that I wanted to tell that story I
wanted to relay an emotion the same way
he
so that's that was one another hero oh I
guess there's never one here there's no
people people would never a think they
have one main hero but as you evolve
through life you know your your
philosophy changes your outlook changes
and here I was provide insight on
different aspects that's this idea
because of my heroes I'd be able to find
other heroes yes that's cool um I think
that's all the questions really I guess
the main point that I've always said is
you know and as we said earlier is like
inspiration is something that can only
multiply more and more and the thing
I've learnt the past few years of what I
do is inspiration can even be someone
acknowledging the fact you've inspired
them that's right and I know that's
something that we've spoken of ourselves
we have rolling about on this trip few
times and yeah I think that wraps that
we've done all the questions that was in
good time so we got 40 seconds left is
there any final words or anything oh she
it's been great having you on the road
with his miles it's been wicked you know
you've been real good sport and uh you
know you're part of the basically part
of the crew now so which is cool and i
hope to come out to the US sometime and
we'll get you out there one time that'd
be cool and if anyone's not heard any of
Fear Factory and what would you suggest
is a good start we've got 15 seconds do
manufacture is always a good start yeah
the manufacturer and that was with the
song replicon it that we spoke about
earlier so on that note I'm miles die
goodbye so long from bird Zeebo happy
holidays yeah happy holidays bye
