right I haven't done a video like this
in quite a while I like to chill some
evenings when i get a chance with a a
nice glass of red wine script I've got
this really nice l-shaped couch behind
me but I decided to sit on the floor I
didn't feel free to get a drink if you
want to join me I thought I just chill
that silence is just amazing I haven't
actually felt that in years really sang
as stupid as that was getting me feeling
emotional and I haven't drunk anything
yeah I can assure you I tweeted earlier
this evening how I feel I'm in the eye
of the storm and therefore like then I
can enjoy the peace and quiet and you
know I can close my eyes if I wanted to
it just look a bit weird on camera right
now and I can breathe the last two years
just non-stop really has been and I'm
done a video like this in such a long
time in this it's nice so I'll be going
back to my trademark of making really
long videos but buying out in the day if
you're watching this because you care
and the people that care are the people
I want to share some time with that's
I didn't wait to start ready
I'm just finding this very overwhelming
right now just thinking I just I really
haven't done that I always say to people
have had some off time you know gaming
on the computer which i haven't done for
ages but it's not off its not off time
it's just doing something else assuming
that that's going to make you relaxing
it doesn't I don't sleep much I have the
whole issue where let me let me explain
this my iphone I've never managed to
grasp the concept of multitasking and
and how you know if you completely
switch an application off and there was
one time where I went to work I had it
fully charged overnight my iphone and an
hour later I felt red hot when I took
out my pocket and it was literally five
percent battery left and it was because
obviously it was processing so much so
it shut down and I feel and there's not
many occasions where you would compare
yourself to an order for him I feel that
is what my heart is and what my mind is
doing constantly the last three weeks
I've fallen ill twice and I just shut
them and then when I'm ill I'm not
productive i'm not feeling great get
better crack straight on and
it's just been a very surreal year
because I'm wondering what am i doing
with my life a lot of amazing things
have happened a lot of really terrible
things have happened things are I'd love
to share with you but the reason I can't
is because of one of my golden rules
with being open on the internet and that
is if it involves other people on a
personal level then it's not my right to
talk about it the irony with one of the
stories that happened about a year ago
was the person I was trying to protect
write an article about me online yeah
which caused people to then ask me what
was going on and then they got angry
that I was talking to him about the
issue which you know just the way it
goes but I had to take legal action
please get involved my death threats
since December up to about a month ago
every day I'd log on be shaking inside
sometimes my hands would be shaking
because it was what I had to deal with
and something I said on a video before I
went to VidCon was people always say
miles way so positive and why so happy
and it's not the same thing why would it
the case what it is is I'm just better
with dealing with things
after what happened with my ex which he
can see on videos on my channel it
destroyed me I was on the edge
completely and utterly in self-destruct
mode evidence of my videos I'm not
ashamed of it I mean I'd rather have not
been in that state but it was just me
showing who I was I am moved for it and
it I didn't deal with it good but what
happened this year I dealt with it good
in him in the persona but inside just
completely ruined and and it goes back
to the iphone analogy that my heart is
constantly being faster it always
happened since my ex because if I ever
have friends over and they're staying in
the same room even if sleeping in the
corner of the opposite side they say
they can hear me grinding my teeth or
talking in my sleep if I've ever shared
a bed with someone they can feel my
heartbeat vibrating the bed really fast
or from hugging someone and I just
wonder what do I need to do am i living
too much am I trying to do too much
always got projects on my mind and
although I haven't made youtube videos
as much as i used to when i started
youtube I made them every couple of days
doesn't mean I'm not doing stuff and
I've had people complain to me recently
about not getting involved nothing
community being arrogant about it just
because i'm not making videos or
publicly declaring my efforts doesn't
mean I'm not doing it and I think saying
that people are forget forget sometimes
is online community isn't all about
YouTube you know people that go to
youtube gatherings are
youtube community there are segments of
it they're an active part of community
but there's other ways have been active
as well as you know conventions for
collector items for example there's
conferences various things you know as
many ways in which as community and why
stand for is using that technology for
good and you know I've learned YouTube's
a part of it but it's about finding
different means and I've been fortunate
enough very recently to be offered some
jobs which are really great and I'm
really excited to put them into practice
and hopefully benefit areas of the world
my psychology theory I've wanted to do
the past two years I think I'm very
proud of with the fact I've disproven
what a lot of people used to criticize
me for years ago which was only worried
about being featured because the truth
with my psychology theory was I had a
video made which YouTube were going to
globally feature and I said no because
it wasn't ready it wasn't going to do
the job as well as I'd one city and it's
why I haven't put it into practice yet
I'm seeing companies as we speak but
it's got to be right you know I want to
make sure I help people in the best
possible way wife's going right I think
I'm just so involved just not switching
off I currently work in construction if
any of you don't know I'm since we
believe in the BBC is hearts fine job
and constructions becoming our workforce
gray the people i work with a great but
you want me to put it into perspective I
could be spending five weeks shoveling
rubble into a skip tens and tens of tons
of rubble you know really working hard
it's not intellectually stimulating I'll
just be completely bored in my head the
whole day and then when i get home when
i'm wanting to the stuff intellectually
stimulating like do videos i'm
completely shattered if i'm doing that
in five weeks and then when i was
working 20 hours a day cuz i was
organizing stick aid which by the way
I'm wearing the shirt off her yes I cool
um stick aid I never did a follow up
video but UNICEF told me it helped over
a hundred thousand people over 600
families 1.5 million people tuned in
that was done in five weeks it's a
shoveling rubble or helping a hundred
thousand people it just seems like a
completely ridiculous concept to me like
like this is what I'm dealing with at
the moment and I guess it's the
frustration in my life I am I feel like
I'm not doing as one suppo is what's the
post what I'd like to be doing you know
it depends if you believe in destiny and
I I've always debt by I've always had a
god complex to be honest and I'm always
having to keep myself grounded I really
feel that I've got something just round
the corner where I'm going to be able to
help the masses which I've done in some
ways but I always feel that I could do
more and no offense you know
construction by again I like doing but I
just feel like you know I could hold up
a shovel and give it to someone who
there are more people that can shovel
out there than people that can do what
I've done it's just the nature of
demographics that you know it's not
being around as much as construction has
you know and I just feel like I just
want to hold out this shovel and go so
and take it off you can do that well let
me go and try and help the masses
because that's what
to do in life and I've been frustrated I
went for a job at Thorpe Park recently
and I didn't get it I thought I was
going to get it because it was to be an
entertainer as the pig creature from the
movie saw they have a roller coaster
there about the solar movie I did the
voiceover for the the second movies
online campaign I've had good experience
in customer service I am very dedicated
and it was only a part-time thing I
didn't get it and I find up and I asked
feedback and they didn't give me the
feedback I wanted because it didn't make
sense and I did a blog post about it and
you know a lot people said it was
childish of me and showed frustration or
jealousy and even the guy who
interviewed me wrote on it all though he
won't admit it was him I know it was him
and he called me arrogant and it just
made me think in life with anything I've
done I've always struggled to stay
passionate and not come across as
arrogant but how do you differentiate
the two surely passion on a scale goes
from no passion some more and more
passion until it's to a point that
you're so convinced it's right that it's
arrogance I'm always open to being
proven wrong being wrong isn't a bad
thing I understand I wasn't right for
that job why was frustrated about was I
wasn't given the feedback cause needed
and you know to be called arrogant
because I I went in with the attitude
that I was going to get the job I don't
understand why that was a bad thing I
don't understand why that was a bad
thing and I was supposed to have a TV
interview today on our ATV on the alan
titchmarsh show and I didn't know too
much about it but they wanted me to talk
about online social networking and Weber
night it's a good thing or not and they
they told me they had a panel of people
that were against it saying it increased
you know a child's chance of being
careless and you know rude to others and
disrespectful
or getting into danger and meeting up
with Sony is going to kill him how would
you respond to it because that's what
they've got to do when they find you up
and i said it's about social revolution
you know etiquette the streets are
dangerous at night doesn't mean you
can't you shun doesn't mean you
shouldn't have the right to use it just
means you've got to be Street wise same
when the internet is going to change oh
but don't you think the Internet's just
for the young people today know because
the reason I'm making YouTube videos was
because of an 80 year old man called
Peter geriatric 1927 oh okay all that's
kind of blown all the arguments we have
against hit on online social networks
out out of out of the water will confirm
with you ever not we're going to have
you tonight or tomorrow morning and I
took the day off work today didn't get
back to me and it goes back to the point
I think we thought park am I arrogant to
think that I was right for the show to
represent online community do you go I'm
saying like it's just passion and it
doesn't mean that I won't listen to
other people's opinions might mean that
I disagree with them but everyone has
the right for their say but I just go
based on experience and I think the
things my channeled I've always been
proud of and actually when I was doing a
talk to this youth panel with BBC blast
which is a great Institute within an
institute of the BBC in which young
people ages 13 to 19 can use their
creativity to get into industry and
learn off each other and I was asked the
question by one of them at the end
saying miles what are you most proud of
with doing your videos and I said after
a literally a few seconds thought this
sounds really cliche but I'm just so
glad that I've stayed true to who I am
and over the years I have just preached
about how the Internet can change the
world for the better and how any
one can do well and the whole notion of
practice what you preach from being
passionate about sharing how great the
internet is the Internet has done so
much for me and my videos have actually
shown how I've progressed as a person
and I hope that that's true inspiration
because my journey has been incredible
and I guess I'm just at a point in my
life now we're slow we're next you know
and if anyone's need to my channel thank
you for tuning in and if you've been
with me all this time then thank you so
much um you know I don't just the
YouTube videos I do blog post on my
website lately 76 com twitter i use a
lot and facebook and i do a podcast show
which I'm really proud of actually I'd
love to get into talk radio but yeah i
just thought i'd enjoy this with you
tonight well I enjoy the silence because
the reality is I'm going to switch off
this camera go to bed and wake up and
i'll be back in the storm
craziness so I've enjoyed this moment
and I think the problem with me and
actually a sign up in going over my head
the past couple years is there's a lot
of stuff i hate about myself it
frustrates me that i have flaws which
sounds ridiculous but i did i did a
video when i started youtube which i
might remake one day which was admit to
the world you're not perfect this mother
I'd want to be perfect I just have flaws
about me which I hate things I wish were
better about myself to be honest I
couldn't put my finger any of them right
now it's just more of a feeling tonight
I mean you're in a certain situation you
were like why did I do that I think it's
also when I'm around people who I wanted
to talk for the RL and I lifeboat
organization I was asked to do a massive
talk at the end about the for today and
you know people clap to what i said i
did this massive talk trying to inspire
but meister time i just wonder if the
majority of people just wish I'd show
you know and it goes back to the issue
of passion is my passion justified
or will it will pay off in the end and I
guess I've just got to stick with it I
guess as always I just don't want to
look back especially because now at some
video and it's out there on the internet
is a timeless piece this is a snapshot
in time but I said this a couple years
ago when I did another video like this
which was I hope I don't look back at
this video in a couple years time and
ask myself where did I go wrong after I
turn this camera off why did I make a
different choice or series of choices
but I guess that is the bitter sweet
essence of life her so I'm good night
and I will see whenever I see have a
good one at is to next time
