today I am launching my new podcast show
called podcast 376 it's a daily show on
weekdays in which I post very short
entries about five minutes long and to
start off this official release I
thought I would record today's podcast
live on this video now so here goes
nothing hello everyone hope all is well
this is miles dire and you're listening
to podcast 376 I just come back from
central London because Sky News invited
me today to come down to their studio
for an interview about a news article
today in which eric schmidt's the head
of google had concerns and we express
concerns in which he believes many many
young people are actually people across
the board who use the internet and post
videos of themselves and express
themselves openly will actually want to
change their identity get a new name at
some point in the future due to
embarrassment or the fact that they may
have ruined their reputation which is
now online forever and when asked about
this on sky knees i was only interviewed
for about five minutes obviously i would
have liked to have longer to express my
views so am a lot of the thoughts i had
written down beforehand and before i
went on air I've actually kept with me
and I thought I'd express them now but
primarily I'd like to know what you
think do you feel being open on the
internet is a good thing d what caution
cautions do you think should be advised
to new users of the internet and can you
foresee people in the future getting new
identities because of what they've
posted online previously so you know
comment
with your Hughes first and now I'll
explain what I think and if you disagree
please do let me know why and if you
agree I'm all the same for me it's about
common sense and what I'm talking about
common sense it's about social etiquette
you know I'm a very open person I'm very
open person online its broadcast to the
world but I'm very open in person as
well I wouldn't go into a nightclub and
start giving out my phone number
randomly I wouldn't give my bank details
i wouldn't give my home address there's
you know there's you gotta tell you
gotta be careful now with children it
might be different who are Neath the
internet and that's about parental
guidance I mean because they aren't out
and about and they are only typing words
on the screen or recording video footage
that goes on the internet they may not
feel that direct association with giving
a stranger their details so in that
sense yes there is a danger but for me
and how it relates to me is a video i
post four years ago I may express a
particular view but I might think
something different now now videos are a
snapshot in time just like photographs
but the only difference is that in
videos people are watching a real person
talk to them and they feel it is in the
present time but again it's about you
know just discretion and using your head
because if I've got a different haircut
back then or you look at the video and
you see the date of its original that
where it was originally published the
chances are i may have got a new view by
now and if it was an extreme view which
caused offence people think oh this is
what he's like now you know if people
take a step back and rationalize wisely
they could look at the person's official
youtube channel for example and you know
ask him directly or see what their new
content is because there may be some
revelation where they did change their
mind but you know this is such a wide
spectrum of issues and for me and what I
said on
news was if we take meeting up with
people on the internet years ago it was
old they're never going to be who they
say they are pedophiles are out there
etc and the point I make is the media
hype it up with the pur- the most
negative possible outcome and in
overtime they build it up to normality
when actually it's not that bad and I
think Google may have it was earlier a
little comment he made but I feel that
maybe it's put a spin on an issue which
really isn't that much of a big deal of
course there are people who get death
threats you would have seen me point
because it's for the podcast I just win
it to myself then but you know in life
you have to deal with it you you have to
deal with things and okay online is in
the open where many people are watching
but there are lots and lots of people on
the internet anyway so it's all
saturated and it's all relative and on
that note I must end because my five
minutes is up five minutes posted and if
you want to post your comments on that
issue please do and if you have any
questions or things you want me to talk
about in a future podcast at blade 376
on twitter com and make sure you have
the podcast 376 hashtag and on that
night I bid you goodnight and are the
edge till next time
