a subject in life that's always
fascinated me is the subject of free
will do we have it and when studying my
psychology degree the parts of
psychology I really enjoyed most was
anything related to what it is to be
human what makes us human and what makes
us special so I'll give my explanation
on things and then I'll leave it to you
guys out there to post your video
responses and comments on what you think
because free will is one of those things
that we all know what it is but when it
comes to explaining it in words it
becomes quite difficult but I have pen
and paper so I can show you on here so
let's imagine we had a box of marbles
and for example sake let's say there
were five in this box if we were to
shake this box side to side really
really fiercely but there was no
friction with it they would just keep
bouncing around forever and ever now
keeping that in mind if we had a
computer program that monitored the
movement it would actually be able to
calculate if fast enough a prediction of
the movement of every marble from now
till the end of time and it doesn't
matter if the marbles collide or bounce
off the side of the box because the
computer would have calculated this
there would only be one variable present
which is that of the marbles themselves
but when it comes to talking about
people we have personalities we talk we
experience life now if we're going to
talk about on the physiological level
you would experience me talking to you
right now goes into your ears and your
brain processes it and then you react to
it you might want to close down the
video you might want to leave I hate a
comment because some things come to your
mind and you need to say it but now when
you take those actions is that because
you've taken full control to do it or
are you just doing it anyway because
like that makes us human special
compared to other animals and this can
be argued is our ability to rationalize
and a famous example is with a bird if a
bird feels a drop of water hit its peak
it will fly off because it's hardwired
to go
danger and it's just an instinctive
thing as human beings we can rationalize
our thoughts but what that is saying is
we're actually only thinking about
things that have already happened but
you may say oh well I might make the
choice to head out the front door now
and go to the shops well it could be
your free choice that could be how you
feel but the truth is that the desire
for you to go out that front door and
the desire for you to go to the shops
was already made by an internal desire
from your body whether it's needing food
needing drink or needing to get out
somewhere I think the point is that what
we experience is the illusion of free
will but this address is a really
interesting question doesn't it and that
is responsibility well I think this has
already been addressed and that is with
religion we take atheism you know
something I remember the chaplain of my
high school said how atheists would be
more willing to go out a murder people
because they would have no consequences
to their actions because they don't
believe in god or an afterlife and I
just thought that was really ignorant
because I mean someone like me who is
just open minded I don't believe to a
particular religion ID take
responsibility because I have a desire
to want to be decent other people and
make my choices in life in ways that
will never have a negative impact on
other people I mean sure negative things
sometimes do happen but you try perhaps
though it would never be possible for us
to accept that freeway was just an
illusion because it kind of makes the
same I know people before they've done
research on free will and some of them
have actually gone into counseling as a
result because of the realization in
their minds that we aren't actually in
control and I just find it a fascinating
thing but what do I think well i'm just
going to live life for what it is just
enjoy the experiences and if it means
I'm gonna stay held within the illusion
of having free will then say beer
because it makes me happy but I think
from a philosophical and scientific
perspective the whole aspects of Destiny
like these marbles if the computer
program would see them bouncing off each
other technically you would be able to
predict the future but obviously with
humanity and how many human beings there
are in this world and how many varying
factors there are politics or with
scientific developments social factors
everything that the world is just so
complex that we would never be able to
predict the future in that way but in
theory everything is predetermined what
do you think
