it would be naive of us to assume there
isn't much hate going on around the
internet but with people safe behind
cyber screen able to type with no
consequences of what they're actually
saying there is a lot of haze out there
and it's something we will have to deal
with if we wish to broadcast ourselves
whether it's creating a profile
broadcasting a video or even taking part
in one of these websites where people
can ask you questions and make comments
anonymously we are exposed now with me
being very honest in my videos I'm an
open book I throw everything out there I
make myself vulnerable and it took me
well over a year to get over the
onslaught of criticism and hate that i
received online sometimes it came from
anonymous people and sometimes it came
from people who are named maybe people I
even knew but that doesn't matter
because hate is hate so hopefully by
telling you what I've learnt it will
give you a shortcut and help you deal
with any hate that comes your way in
future I'd like to start off with one my
all-time favorite my whites there is no
such thing in life as failure just
experiences and your reactions to them
and you may wonder how this is relevant
well if we look in terms of hate how
that height affects you the amount of
power that lawyers within those words is
all an illusion technically they're only
going to damage you as much as you let
them so you have your experience and you
have your reaction it's all down to you
and you can deal with this even if you
doubt yourself I truly have faith that
everyone has strengths within themselves
to combat such situations
just have some faith now there was a
play that I read in secondary school
high school called the homecoming by
harold pinter the homecoming was very
much dialogue driven and was about a
family that had a huge power struggle
within one of the clearest portrayals of
power struggle was of the granddad who
would be sitting there puffing away on
his cigarette while shouting such vulgar
remarks that his son he would be sitting
there reading a newspaper calmly but
then again how else you gonna read a
newspaper this caused the granddad to
get more and more angry and frustrated
so the question is where is the power
and of course it was with the Sun
because no matter how much hate was
thrown his way he would shrug it off and
calmly reply so how does the homecoming
relate to real life events well I have
another story to tell you many months
ago I was in my local town at a
nightclub and at the end of the night I
came across so on who I have met several
times and he said he watched a lot of my
videos but he hung around in a group of
people that I assume didn't like me he
wanted a cigarette and he asked if I had
a lighter no I did have one so I handed
it over to him and as he lit up he then
looked to me and said you're a faggot
wasn't there going to be able to keep a
straight folks for saying that and this
leads me to my final main piece of a
device which is surely you should be
taking comfort from anyone who throws
negative to your way because when you've
gone around doing your own thing you've
somehow made a significant impact on
someone's life so significant that they
have felt the need to let you know that
they exist
you
