hey everyone and that started on
Facebook and YouTube at the exact same
time so I timed it really really well
the one thing I'm thinking about already
when doing this live broadcast and I'll
just speak for a bit while I'm waiting
for people to come in is that on
facebook it's mirrored so my shirt for
example will probably look weird to you
when it's actually says team Snowden
whereas on YouTube it is the right way
around so if anyone's watching on
facebook and you want to see because
I've done some lovely drawings for you
to go through today if you want to see
it the right way around you might want
to go across to youtube.com forward
slash Myles where I'm live streaming so
while it's starting i'm just going to
tweet about this now so the problem when
you have to produce it while we're
presenting it but i want to thank
everyone who's tuning in I've got some
really cool things to go through I've
got this list here that I'm gonna have
to read to you because it will be
mirrored and I've got some lovely
drawings and flow diagrams you know i'm
prepared i'm prepared for today so um
yeah let me just get the link here we go
and feel free to speak in the room I've
got you on youtube so hello Haley and
I've got you on facebook as well so
hello Patrick and Lydia from North
Carolina to be more specific minimap
films hello so yeah I'll start in about
two minutes time so just what everyone
comes in if you are on Facebook or
Twitter please tweet this out especially
on facebook if you're a part of any
Bernie Sanders progressive groups that
you found me from before please do share
it as this today is all about supporting
independent media and yeah I'm really
throwing out there today there'll be a
lot of people watching this on rewind
it should work quite well if that's the
case let you just tweet this now here we
go why won't it let me I'm worried I'm
accidentally pressing something Thank
You Joel for sharing and then write one
more minutes ago and then we'll start
I'm just going to be showing this on my
personal facebook because diehard burner
Bernie Sanders has there been in a
stronger position right we're good we're
good so I'm looking at how I've got the
chat laid out because I've actually
never done a public one intentionally on
YouTube and once again if you want to
watch this the white ray round on
Facebook YouTube is going to be the best
way to do it um but yeah thank you Matt
so let's begin um firstly I just want to
say directly because that's what live
streaming allows me to do to everyone
who's watching right now a huge thank
you for the support that you've been
giving me since I've sort of returned as
a full weekly video blogger since about
May of last year for anyone who's seen
my end of year video 4 2016 will know
it's been quite a journey for me and
support can come in all forms whether
it's just watching the video content
sharing
it you know doing regular engagements or
becoming a patron all these things are
brick work in an overall effort to give
me foundations to do what I really am
passionate about and it's been a scary
thing to step into because I've stepped
out of a huge media organization last
year and it gave me some time to reflect
on what I want to do and I thought about
it and I know what that is but it means
standing on my own two feet and being an
independent journalist which is always
kind of a scary thing and so the way
I've laid this out today is I'm going to
try and make this 20 minutes long and
then afterwards I'm happy to take any
questions or comments and feedback from
over the past year and the way I've got
it listed is this and a gun on facebook
I'm putting I've told it that way so you
can see through the paper the right way
around but I'll read it to you so the
first thing was the introduction which
I've just done now I'm then going to
talk about what my videos are about
because a lot of people sort of know
what my videos are about in terms of
specific topics but if you were to
summarize it that's something I've
really had to look at then looking at
the the objective for 2017 and then what
the battle plan is the 2017 and then at
the end I've got time for Q&A s um but
by all means feel free to comment
through out and I will do my best to
respond to any questions that you may
have so with all that said I'm going to
start so in terms of what my videos are
about so last year I was invited to the
YouTube summit for social change and
I've mentioned this before so I'm gonna
be very brief about it it was
interesting to be at an event with other
people that are like-minded use their
channels for similar reasons to me may
not be for the same campaigns but we're
all using it to try and leverage
awareness and change around particular
issues now when you normally go to a
YouTube event and people say so what do
you do you say I make youtube videos and
people go oh and you know you might have
to explain you know how you make money
all these sort of things you never
really get to what your videos are about
um and so with this event because we
were all there as content creators who
make videos around social change the
conversation started right there of a
case of what are your videos about and
this gave me a lot to think about and
I've mentioned this in a few videos
before but I actually drew a little
diagram and again if you're watching
this on Facebook and it's from reverse I
apologize but hopefully you'll see some
of the drawings and I'll do my best to
explain it to you so I was thinking
about like what are sort of the
different types of videos I do now might
might might sort of slogan used to be
miles dire entertain in inform inspire
which then the BBC now use and I think
the google use it as well but that
summarizes most great video content it's
important that you entertain you engage
the audience and it's important that you
inform them so that they take away you
know that they go away with more
information useful information than when
they first started the video and inspire
there's no point grabbing their
attention and teaching them something if
they don't feel then inspire to do
something about it and so that was how I
broke down my videos but to get to a
more granular level I saw it in sort of
three parts and so hopefully you'll be
able to see this now I'm just making
sure it's on both pages right so here we
go so for me we've got the present oh
yeah we've got the past so that's like
news and world events so once an event
happens we can look back and reflect on
what has happened maybe in the presence
we think about the way that we live our
lives currently and in the future you
are my little robot there there are a
lot of interesting things coming over
the horizon how
do we prepare ourselves for that and so
this made me realize that my videos tend
to be about value systems and so that's
why I've done this diagram in the middle
here and I'm just making sure it appears
on both and then you realize that in the
present it's about mental health and
well-being when it's about the past it's
about world events and news and then
when it's about the future and it's
about science and technology and
everyone Facebook is saying it's
backwards i know it's backwards
unfortunately that's the way facebook is
that's what I'm having to read it for
you guys but if you're on the YouTube
stream youtube.com forward slash Myles
you can see it the right way and i'll
post a link to this afterwards and then
um the final bit was then how does that
construct into the content i make there
are a lot of channels out there that do
news that talk about science and
technology that talk about mental health
and well-being what I feel I've always
added is looking at value systems I've
met a lot of NGOs and charities and news
organizations in the past that say we
want to do this particular campaign for
example we want to do saying about why
racism is bad this is the content
they've done in its you know mocking
racism what do you think and you know
you can talk about the content all you
want but for me it's about your
objective is to stamp out racism for
example but then your starting point is
you know saying racism is bad that
should be the end occurrence for me if
you teach people the right value systems
and not even telling people what they
are but posing questions massaging
empathy presenting a nuanced look on the
world about the technology that's coming
our way what what what what what
challenges is that going to prove to us
if we're looking at mental health and
well-being
what sort of tools can we use to feel
better about ourselves and to be more
empathetic to one another and to take
care of ourselves so we can have a
clearer mind when you know living our
everyday lives and then there's the past
once news happens is just reporting on
what has happened the most important
thing okay it is important to report in
the news but there are plenty of people
that do it what about looking at how we
can break the cycle on stopping
tragedies from happening again and again
not adding more anger and what's the
term sort of hysteria which drives using
that a lot of the videos I do don't have
sexy titles like the just world
hypothesis but they're important issues
and as more people tuned in to my videos
they stick around because I offer
something that's slightly different to a
lot I give a contextualized view on news
technology and mental health and
well-being i'm not saying on the only
one who does it but i feel like that is
what i do offer and it's what a lot of
people warm too and so with that said um
the objective for 2017 in 2016 it was
just about can i make weekly videos
again that was gonna be a really
difficult thing because i hadn't done it
for a good couple of years and it was
tough but I managed to do it and it
wasn't just making a video for the sake
of it every week it was getting one done
and so what I did here was I produced
this is what the production a bit or the
operation cycle for one video is and
again if you're watching on facebook
i'll read it out to you so this is what
I do for one video if I get it all done
unfortunately I'm not in a situation to
do that at the moment but first of all I
have to research the video that's just
not researching the subject matter but
also looking for audio clips video clips
and screenshots then I've got to script
it out add structure I've then got to
film it myself and present it myself
I've then got to edit it I've then got
to export the video then I've got to
upload it one
for YouTube 12 facebook I've then got to
do optimizations so whether that's SEO
doing the titles the tags or it's doing
video programming annotations making
sure it's presented well so it's easy
for you guys to consume then I was doing
quite well then just on the back of it
closed captions this is what I haven't
been able to do every time but I do try
my best I have an international audience
and I really respect people for taking
the time to watch my videos so when a
video is done I will type out what I've
said in the video yes I do script it but
the script is just the guide I then have
to look at you know the way I've said
words in the video and i will type it
all out sink it on youtube to the audio
i'll have to then tweak it and then i
export it into an srt file which I can
then upload to Facebook so people on
Facebook can have closed captions as
well that's something I'd love to do all
the time and then finally marketing
which is something that I'm very good at
I just don't get time to do with
everything else I have going on but
that's about seeding the content out but
also building communities I don't want
to spam people with my videos I want to
build relationships with people that
this content can really help so that is
um that that that is what it takes to
make one video so hopefully that and
that might be eye opening to some of you
um highlight politicians on you chief
for coming in and oh he's just
disappeared he says it wasn't working
hopefully it works again and so mark has
just said I'm sure there are companies
who can freshly caption your videos that
there are there are which gets to the
next point so last year it was about can
I make weekly video content because I
had to have some faith and I really had
to go for it and it worked thankfully
and I was incredibly grateful for that
and for all the support you've put into
me but the other thing i did was i set
up a Patrian account now Patrian is an
amazing website
looked at for a very very long time and
Patrian is a website where it's like
Kickstarter but it's remotely fee and
what it means is every month someone can
donate X amount of money a dollar a
month $10 20 some people have even done
forty dollars and when I first announced
it it was scary because I'm exposing
myself to my friends and my family I've
left a very well-paid job at a big media
organization and I'm sort of saying I'm
gonna try and do this myself um but I
had a at least 20 people put faith in me
and a lot of them put in a lot of money
and it put pressure on me but helpful
pressure to really go for it and so what
I've been doing last year is building it
up now it brings us to 2017 there are
two stages to this and I was on this any
a scheme where I put together a business
plan of what my objective is for three
years and what the money needs to be to
make this business work and forgive me
for taking a while to get to the
announcement but I wanted to give a lot
of context to show where we are right
now but my honest my honest plan is to
build a media organization that is
around education and value systems so
think of it like a news network but it's
not just about reporting the news it's
about taking the key news stories which
really hold up a mirror to society and
world events that we can then analyze
and give a more nuanced perspective on
what we can learn from it and how we can
prevent these things from happening
again because just getting angry about
things although understandable just
fuels more bitterness and resentment
between different factions of society
when I believe it's about building
common ground and there are two key
examples where I thought I've been able
to do that last year one was on brexit I
was someone who voted um III voted to
remain but I was someone who was very
much in the lead camp for certain
periods and when I did my videos
about why I did what I did I also
acknowledge why people voted leave and I
looked for common ground and I found
that there were people watching my
videos who voted leave who respected
what I did and also understood i
respected what they did so that meant a
lot and was very eye-opening the second
was the u.s. election not only we've
been able to reach out to trump
supporters after the election but
actually in the Democratic primary of
the Bernie Sanders conceded to Hillary
Clinton there are a lot of Bernie or
bust people there are a lot of people
who didn't want two votes Hillary
Clinton I explained that if it was in
the election that I wouldn't take that
approach I probably would vote for
Hillary Clinton but I did it in a way
that I said but I hear out if you if
you're not voting Hillary Clinton I
totally understand why you're doing it
and I was able to build common ground
now this is not to say people have to
agree with everything I say I don't
always get it right but if i make videos
with that amount of humility and that
amount of open-mindedness it means we
can have an open conversation about
things and by having open dialogue and
having open connections I think we can
really make a difference on some of the
big issues and that's what I want my
media organizations to be about in the
next couple of years so with all that
said what is the situation I had a
target of what it is to be
self-sustaining now i am making weekly
videos at the moment but i'm also doing
consultancy work to pay the bills now
this is not me saying i need you to pay
the bills for me or I'm not saying it
bluntly like that I will continue to
work as a consultant for as long as I
need to but I want I would love to get
to a point where I don't have to rely on
that as an income and it means I can
invest my time fully into researching
and building a media organization where
I can employ editors and therefore I can
focus more on the research and the
present in and the making the videos and
it means I I don't have to worry about
distractions I can still do consultancy
and work with some great
organisations who I'm gonna be working
with over the horizon but by being
financially supported by you as patrons
it means I don't have to worry about
sponsorship when I do promote things on
my channel is not because I've been paid
is because I love what an organizational
person does like my friend who designs
these shirts team Snowden I spoke about
it in a video called all right I'm
really good friends of her and I really
like the work she does and so we found a
way to cross-promote once again having
transparency so where are we at the
moment for the last three months I've
been really close to hitting the four
hundred dollar mark and obviously the
final amount is one and a half thousand
dollars but every month people have had
to reduce their amount or stop donating
because of financial situations which I
totally understand and when they
apologized saying sorry I can't support
you anymore I'm like you kidding me like
I owe you you've put your faith in me
and so any amount that can be donated
means the world and people shouldn't
feel guilty if they can't support you
financially because it's not an
obligation there are other ways to
support me but just to put it visually
this is where we are at the moment we're
at twenty percent so I'm at three
hundred and eight dollars a month at the
moment and it is a big amount but I
haven't really been driving home this
target because I've been still trying to
find my feet with a lot of things I've
been trying to work out how Patrian
works I've been trying to find out and
how it is with you know my video
production in terms of what sort of
content I make so going back to the sort
of content the idea is that over a month
each week you do one on well-being you
do one on science and technology and you
do one on world events but of course a
world event could happen at any time
that grabs my attention and so I might
do to social commentaries in a month but
then the idea is on the fourth week is I
do a video format called duck watch you
may have seen me do an episode or two of
where I watch a documentary of a friend
and then we discuss it the idea is
eventually that becomes a monthly format
but I just haven't been able to do it
because I've been juggling so
together and then if there is a fifth
week in a month I would then do an ask
miles so there is a lot of ambitious
mission here and so in terms of the
battle plan once the 1500 dollars a
month is hit that's when it gets
exciting and the reason it gets exciting
then is I can then entirely focus on
this and although the first goal is 1500
dollars every like twenty to fifty
dollars something will then happen for
example if I then write is another
twenty dollars I'll then be able to you
know get a premium account to back up
all my videos little bit will help you
know store resources and it and give me
a lot more flexibility I will then be
able to invest in another microphone so
i can then go out and about and this is
what i'm most excited about is do a
weekly podcast show a lot of people been
wanting me to do a podcast show for
years it'll be an hour long eventually
when I've got enough money it will be
videoed as well but it will be a wrap it
be called something like connecting the
dots I I know so many celebrities
politicians and scientists around the
world who've wanted to have these
conversations to me for a long time this
will become a weekly thing and so
although that the videos i do on YouTube
and Facebook will be shorter and more
about key issues it means we can have a
podcast show where we just discuss the
way the world currently is and just get
different perspectives in and so I'd be
really really excited about that but
that that that will be probably around
closing you know one thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars so the first
jump to $1,500 is a big jump but I feel
that I just have to be honest that is
the sustainability number for me to you
know be able to focus entirely on this
and and trust me that be me on a tight
budget compared to what I've done before
but I am willing to sacrifice everything
I can to make this work and for anyone
who's not being a patron before there
are different tiers now last year there
were some rewards I'm still
qing up with people and i owe some skype
shows i was going to be personal
postcards which i still been meaning to
send out and um I have made mistakes and
I have learned a lot in the past seven
months another thing that happened was
every time I do a video on youtube I was
losing subscribers I talked about in my
2016 video I was having a net loss every
month of like 150 200 so although i was
getting new people subscribing I was
losing more but I was like you know what
I need to stick at this because
eventually it'll pay off and what
happened in November it was a net gain
facebook has been blowing up and so
although there's been a lot of endurance
with this I am willing to give this
another year and if by the summer I can
hit the self-sustaining thing I can't
explain how exciting is it basically
means that once you hit the
self-sustaining amount anything on top
of that that is made Oh actually some of
that 1500 we'll go in I'm investing it
now into this home uh anything made over
that can then be invested into plying
editors and stuff and I don't want to
get too far ahead but in the three year
plan by the third year my attic would be
converted into a i'm going to call it a
newsroom studio but a permanent studio
and the way i see it being used is a HQ
and for activism a lot of my key
activist friends whether they're people
around doing encryption protecting
against surveillance where its people
fighting for civil liberties you know
women's rights gay rights all these sort
of things i want it to become an
opportunity to bring in great voices and
have open discussions about the biggest
pressing issues and of course the
environmental crisis which is so so
important please caption using English
do not use English auto-generated which
is for voice recognition for the deaf
and hard of hearing Carol says carol so
I actually type out I type them out
myself um on my videos which is what i
was saying earlier it takes me a good
hour
to type out so yeah so I guess just to
end before I openness to questions and
forgive me if I've missed any comments
on that and I want to thank everyone for
tuning in on YouTube and on facebook
what I love about my audience is it may
not be the biggest out there but it is
such a cool community that I'm really
blown away by how deep our relationship
is and how supportive you are and you
know what if you have a strong core
audience as the audience grows that core
will be you know what keeps this
together and so the plan over this year
is to keep making video content each
week it's to build increasingly build a
strong structure and it's to build
Patrian and say something that's going
to be changing this year is anyone who
donated and let me finish first before
you look at pledging if anyone's
thinking of doing it originally how it
worked was if you paid five dollars a
month you got invited at the end of
every month to a monthly livestream if
you paid ten dollars or more you got
invited to a weekly one this is not
confirmed yet because I with my patrons
in the weekly it's like a board meeting
we have a good chat like this but I also
go through figures and updates and I
keep you know anyone who's donating
deserves to know about everything that's
how I want to keep it transparent and
open but I want to change it so that the
ten-dollar one goes and so anyone
donating five dollars or more comes to
the weekly and then every month it is a
public one like this and that means the
monthly one can be a way to outreach and
say this is what's been going on and
hopefully we get more people so to
anyone who wants to support what I do
firstly thank you in advanced and even
if it's just one dollar a month which is
like 60 p over here in the UK even if
you feel that's not a lot it means it
means a lot i think at the moment we're
at like six
donors so if we can get it to a hundred
you know of just one dollars that'd be
great but anything is appreciative
appreciated so you can do it by going to
Patrian com caption of this video and
it's at the bottom of all my videos I'm
sure people will be happy to type it for
me in in the chat rooms on both facebook
and youtube so yeah that in a nutshell
is what the plan is um and I you know I
see people like you know the young turks
you know employing to investigative
reporters for 500 you know half a
million dollars and I'm just after 1,500
dollars a month but you know it's it is
about being efficient and the amount
I've put into this already um you know I
am I'm running at a loss at the moment
but it will be worth it if it if it
works and I'm Sony comes from as I said
a huge media organization plays you
don't I used to work at the Guardian and
at a very romanticized idea about the
Guardian when I joined I think that's
the same with any organization there's a
lot i love about them but at a time when
I think they're downscaling in a lot of
ways because they have to be sustainable
and in some ways they have become their
own establishment because they have
legacy problems and they have their own
ways of doing things that you know
trying to change with the times this is
a really exciting opportunity because as
I've talked about in many videos the
monopoly on I don't say the monopoly on
truth because truth is subjective
everyone has their own opinion on what
the actual truth is but um and I'm not I
I was I wasn't hating on T what was saw
in hating on tyt if some thought I was
hating I wasn't I was merely pointing
out that you know the budget they're
there they're looking for is huge and
mine is tiny in comparison sand so I
know there are a lot of organizations
doing this at the moment I've been in
fairly when he doesn't know I
in talks with tyt and we're looking at
ways of working together so yeah um I
wouldn't worry about that brazen might
put my point was merely that this is a
shoestring budget and actually if you
look at TYT in their story they started
in this sort of way they did a weekly
show in a living room with genk and the
rest of the guys and over years they
built it up and that's exactly the route
that this is going to take the early
differences whereas tyt is on
investigative journalism and reporting
on the news this is going to be more
about value systems and looking at new
ways of thinking and you know I've
mentioned many times before that you
know it's the diversity of tactics how
do we make progress in society and it's
about looking at the different ways of
making a difference and and then
collaborating in those ways so yeah I've
been in talks with tyt for a long time
so I'm trying to find out if there's if
I can join their network at the very
least but we'll have to wait and see but
yeah ultimately it starts with me
working with you guys and if anyone has
a dollar they could spare every month
please go to patreon.com/scishow
feedback feel free to drop me a line on
there or feel free to ask any questions
now beyond less that what I was going to
be on for the hour Bobbsey I don't want
this live stream to be on an hour long
and put people off if at the end on I'm
not really saying anything so I'm happy
to take questions for the next five
minutes and we'll just keep going with
the flow and until they stop by joining
us a huge thank you for everyone who
tuned in tonight because then this was a
big deal to me and um there's a lot of
things that I've got to get in place in
the short term I've got to get back on
with making videos against it's a new
year and so Tuesday I've got a few ideas
of what the video is gonna be about my
website is currently under construction
so I've got to finish
at and I'm running into a fiscal cliff
so I'm currently on a it's like
jobseekers allowance but it's for
running your own business from the
government that cuts out in February and
then I'm in serious trouble so I'm
having to make sure I've got some work
coming in for them and so it's going to
be an interesting six or six weeks but
an exciting one make coffee at home and
support miles that's the thing that's
always said you know if you just have
one less coffee at a coffee shop every
month you have you helped fund this i
can't i can't stress enough how much and
i'm grateful for you guys so yeah do you
like my drawings today by the way where
they were quite cool thank you shana
martin said i missed the first part the
live stream so i'm not sure the overall
topic is that's absolutely fine so once
this finishes the live stream will be
publicly available to re watch on
youtube and on facebook that's cool Andy
well that the hope is one
self-sustaining for me for me editing at
the moment I'm able to get it done my
point is and that's what I talk about
this self-sustaining level is once that
is hit it just frees up resources to
then improve the quality and I really I
used to work wear this at work but I did
work at the Guardian so yeah
joel says turn it over would you mean
turn it over Martin says I worry that
organizations like tyt may fall into
same traps another that other large
media companies do despite their
fundraising abilities use their central
I structures that that and then a snog
that's not like a personal criticism
that is always the thing you have to be
careful of is as you grow you have
legacy issues which means the bigger you
are the harder it is to change and adapt
I think tyt with their investigative
reporting are really and I think being a
progressive force against the Trump
administration I think is going to put
them in a really good position but it
also means the risk runs of becoming an
established form of that but I don't
know i think that got a really good
diversity of people so yeah and he says
hey miles how would you advise becoming
more involved in activism in terms of
community communication of ideas that's
a whole video is there any um well
there's it there's a video i don't if
you've seen the video I did called a
better way to argue if you go my my
youtube or facebook there's a video I
did called a better way to argue and
that is really the crux of of having
conversations with people i know i know
i can't on this so this was but then if
you can be able to see that the
sustainability target so 308 dollars at
twenty percent let's go on patron the
moment cuz some people said they've been
donating so i want to check this i know
it's really annoying that there's no
option to swap it because if I do turn
the camera the other way I don't know if
it's in shot and I can't read the chat
so at the moment I'm at three hundred
and fifteen dollars so it's just gone up
by seven dollars so thank you 66 patrons
can i get for more people to become
patrons right now go to
patreon.com/scishow
after that you can stop it be cool to
hit 70 yeah it was worth a try you know
I should have done I should have traced
it traced it backwards and thankee
thankee I'll keep following making a
difference in my goal to would love to
support you financially but barely
making it myself is to a better year for
us all thanks for caring about a world
what Lydia I tell you appreciate that
and so when I do these cool to actions
it's I don't want anyone ever to feel
guilty if they can't financially support
me um there are other ways to do it
watching and sharing and stuff like that
but yeah if you got my patreon page
people can see the goal and how it is I
mean this is how it looks at the moment
I'm sorry I on youtube I can't do it but
on facebook so there we go 66 patrons 3
15 a month and that's the target it's
gonna be difficult but I'm gonna really
look at some ways to drive it and
actually say I'm gonna do this month
which I be mean to do for a while these
do a reach out to my friends and family
and asking them to get behind it the
reason I haven't done it up to now is
because I didn't want the core of patron
to be close friends and family first I
wanted to be people that really dig my
videos and once support me there um
because I want them to be sort of the
driving force Martin thank you so much
by the way if anyone else has become a
patron let me know and I'll give you a
personal thanks right now obviously if
you sign up to one of the higher levels
you get a personal she'll tell on at the
end of one of my videos so yeah when the
hardest
about setting that Patrian was getting
out of this cycle for 10 years of
feeling guilty about asking people to
invest in you but that's how the world
works you just got to make sure people
investing mini-map films thank you so so
much just increased his by ten dollars
legend Barry how a says howard read
emails I'll look into everything you're
doing thank you so much Barry please
dude check out Patrian calm because um
you know it would be great to do a poke
I know the podcast showed be epic I mean
just to give you an example for anyone
who wants to know why I want to i'm out
and bruising just pledged thank you so
so much and i'm glad we I'm glad you
brought up the TYT thinks I wanted to
make sure I wasn't criticizing I was
just merely pointing stuff out hey the
awesome youtuber great name um I'm in
the UK if so did your interest in u.s.
politics start with Bernie's primary
campaign all right now I've always had
an interest I've always done it on us
politics because US politics affects the
UK if the US doesn't get their climate
policy sorted we have no hope over here
and so although some people may station
I focus on UK politics I think of global
issues and when I think of global issues
I think where where is the catalyst to
make change and it is in the US and I
find that what I add strength to is when
I do videos about the u.s. progressive
movement etc a lot of Americans like it
because it gives them a heightened
consciousness about the fact that their
country has an impact on the world and
it doesn't have to necessarily be a
negative one it can be one for positive
change in and so that's why I do what I
do could someone type my patron thing in
the Facebook actually I can do it here
now
thank you so so much but sorry what I
was going to say was about my podcast
show was um at the beginning of last
year was it I didn't put that in my
interview review I am I spoke to jeremy
corbyn who running in the UK and I had
an interview scheduled with him about
progressive politics and I was going to
have Bernie Sanders skype in as well and
we were going to have a conversation
conversation about progressive politics
on both side the Atlantic I was just
waiting from Washington DC from Bernie's
people and then that was when he started
getting a huge traction and so his
people said that he was no longer able
to do it to an interview and so I was
holding on for that and so when I
finally got back to jury people's jeremy
corbyn's people they can do it over um
think globally act locally absolutely
Mary I've been invited to speak at the Z
day for the zeitgeist movement this year
which I'm excited about Annie thank you
so so much Barry's been subbed to me way
past a stick a days I know that's all
right Martin thank you good sir and yeah
Annie poor student as in financially not
pores in performing well performing bed
hopefully you don't mean it like that
well Annie seriously and even if after a
month you're not able to do it anymore
and you have to cut it that's absolutely
fine I I just want to make it clear
there is no guilt attached for this any
help is help and yeah Luke Syria
thank you so so much I don't know if I
want to read that in out entirely what
Luke said mark one pound is a lot man
it's this this is the thing as well is
I'm all about decentralized power and
having that here's an example right when
I first started I had a few people
contribute huge amounts of money which
was of course amazing the problem that
came with that was when individuals can
do it anymore that takes a huge chunk so
as i said i was about to hit four
hundred dollars and it's gone right back
down to three hundred dollars because a
few great contributors have had to
downsize which is totally understandable
and so if i can get lots of people to do
just one dollar a month for example that
means that any changes of people leaving
will not shake the boat too much and if
that makes sense Victor thank you so so
much at Franco be at Z day London got
stick aid I'll talk I want to do a video
that's decade at some point about why it
stopped because it was a real big
turning point in my life the last 1i I
went went into debt because of it it was
a tough gig cool um well I'm happy to
stay on and if anyone's got any
questions or anything do let me know i'm
just going to refresh the patron page so
we're at 315 was 66 and we're now at 0
has an updated yet maybe it's i'm sure
update in a bit what do you know it was
one that Martin just said I've been very
interested in decentralization
especially online so i did this video
quite a few years ago called
decentralize everything and there was a
big sort of cab
that video I never did and I actually
scripted the caveat to do last year and
I never got around to it so I will
return to it because decentralization of
power is not the end goal UD centralized
power to their network it if that makes
sense so for example decentralized
energy systems so everyone starts
producing their own energy but that's
not good if you just do it yourself
because what if my solar panels break
I'm screwed so you need to network it
have a grid i can feed into it someone
has a power cut I can help them if I
have a power cut they can help me and
that's the way it works and that should
happen with information it should happen
with access to technology it should have
to be to do with wealth and when we talk
about wealth i'm not talking about money
I'm talking about access to resources to
the necessities of life but the
challenge and so this guy this is one of
the futurism value systems i've been
talking about a video i'm going to very
soon is about the biggest challenge of
our generation which is that as
technology moves forward it's going to
challenge value systems of those who
control information wealth power energy
political will and they're going to want
to hold on to it because that's how
they've always lived and what might
happen is they use technology to
maintain that power and that is when it
gets really scary whereas if we can
break free of it we can empower the
masses in a way that there is no
centralized power and it is a full of
anarchism but it's it's actually
structured because of the speed in which
information will travel across society
now that is a conversation for another
time but um yeah there's a lot for me to
talk about hey Holly for anyone who's
just tuned in once this live show ends
you can tune in watch from the beginning
and the first 20 minutes is an
explanation of what I'm doing and you
can watch it on youtube.com forward
slash Myles
y él es or facebook.com forward slash
Myles diet official Wow ha seriously oh
my god that went from 66 patrons to 74
thank you so so much and that's so at
the beginning we were at 308 sorry on
Facebook 308 twenty percent we're at now
371 dollars I mean a part of me wants to
think can we get another twenty nine
dollars pledged before the end if anyone
out there has not pledged yet and does
have a spare dollar please visit patron
calm forward slash Myles diet and and
pledge today and this is all to help the
start of a media organization that is
around value systems it's going to be a
whole new way of doing doing media
reporting because I'm sick and tired of
traditional media organizations that
keep falling trap to UM sensationalism
and those that want to divide us i mean
i'll give you another example of why
it's important to talk about value
systems let's say here we go watch this
I don't know what way it's going to look
for you on facebook let's say we've got
two baskets in one basket we've got this
concept of leftists all those goddamn
intolerant left this and on the other
hand we have these are those right-wing
extremists yeah so you have these two
two extreme factions in society how what
percentage of the population actually
belong in each of these probably a very
small percentage but it takes one person
one person to shoot a cop are those left
this you put it that story in there and
then that's your narrative these
intolerant leftists they ban song from
speaking at you
versity those goddamn leftist there's a
shooting at school those right wing is
protecting gun control a racist attack
oh those right-wingers extremists it's
not to say that right-wing and left-wing
extreme extreme ism doesn't exist but
it's about talking about it in context
because what you find is between these
two buckets or baskets is people like me
who don't know where I fit because I'm
looking at the news and it's about that
and that and here we are in the middle
thinking you know there's actually a
spectrum of political beliefs and the
news is getting filled up with that
there's a great quote I read at the
newseum which is and when a dog bites a
man it's not a new story but when a man
bites a dog it is and that's the exact
problem we live in a day of anti new
ones sorry guys not all the comments
come up on my fight on my phone so I'm
now reading them are on here and what my
thoughts on universal basic income in
response to the automation and many
people's jobs I mean I this is saying
I've been wanting to see for about five
six years now and the fact it's been
discussed in the mainstream is fantastic
I think it needs to be tried out and I
mean I'm someone who believes in the
concept of a resource-based economy but
I don't think it's something that we can
make happen I think it's an
inevitability
this is it when I'm having a
conversation about let's say Donald
Trump I'm not here talking about Trump
supporters or Trump talk about the
issues like there's some people and
friends with on Facebook who you'd be
really surprised with some people who
are from what are arguably like quite
extreme aspects of the media but I like
having conversations of them because we
do agree on some stuff and other stuff
we fundamentally disagree but at least
have those conversations like another
video might do at some point is why I
never get angry anymore I did touch upon
it on my on the quest for global empathy
I talked about having patience and it's
because I realized that we're all
victims of circumstance we're all people
that have believed the way we do because
of language we've been taught and the
experiences we've had I don't get angry
of people yeah I get disheartened when I
see six stuff happen on the news like
those people that be up that and
tortured that mentally ill guy just the
other day absolutely sick and a just a
bummer and action easily taken against
those individuals but do I think those
people are inherently evil no you turn
the clocks back far enough there was a
point where they didn't think that way
there was a point where they were a baby
that was innocent so between the point
of that baby and where they are
something happened and it's not
justifying their actions to explain and
which is another video I did
justification is not the same as
explanation yes we should deal with them
yes they should go through the court of
law and they should be you know serious
implications should be done however does
that mean we can't have a rational look
at what led them to get that way you can
do both but people that aren't into
nuance want to break us in two different
camps over you're an apologist for this
all you making about this or that now I
just want to talk about the issues as
they are quick question Venus Project is
like ghost movement and the good folks
at trom site have you ever had
figureheads on to talk have you done off
their interviews and are there any such
conversations plan for the future I'm
big trust me my podcast
I will be very heavily around then I I
often talk about the concept of a
resource-based economy I just don't
utter those words so i did a video about
ownership and the portents of access
there's a lot of people I know who are
who are interesting it and I don't
really want to mention celebrities in
that but there are people I've I know
that would be interested in that and
Kathleen yeah it would be good to have
terms like that I should refresh well
I'm gonna be coming off this in four min
it's time actually I want to stop dead
on the hour so that people can watch
back so four minutes guys are there any
questions and yeah if anyone has not yet
donated to Patrian and please do patron
calm forward slash Myles dire if i can
get twenty nine dollars more um that
would be amazing hit the four hundred
dollar mark that would be that would
actually mean that a quarter of all all
raised has happened tonight which is
phenomenal and are it's gonna make me
feel amazing I mean I feel amazing now
having done seventy dollars increase or
63 um and just to go through some of the
stuff you get from being a patron so on
the one hand and so in saying else when
I become self-sustaining as I can turn
off ads and you know all that sort of
stuff from my videos but i have a
patreon I Lee feet so every time I
upload a video I do a blog post with it
now the blog post isn't always the best
written thing in the world it's also to
do with and just what I'm feeling like
what was I thinking about when doing
this video what's my thought process and
sort of having an open conversation
about ideas you also if you give 5 buzz
you get early video access which hasn't
always happened but I try and get it to
24 hours before and you have the monthly
show although for five dollars i'm going
to try and make that the weekly one and
then the monthly one will be a public
one
like this um and Deborah thank you so so
much thank you and i only get back to
doing the weekly newsletter close to a
monthly newsletter where i used to give
facts and figures some people aren't
interested in and that's absolutely fine
but for me it was about saying this is
where we are and subscribers and patron
this is what the goal is because i find
that if I communicate with my patrons
where we are it keeps me grounded and it
means every step of the way you can have
an input on what I do and that's not to
say though that patrons therefore have
control on what I content I create but
then it sort of goes into my whole thing
about value systems which is life's not
about telling people what's a thing
called do it's about if we reveal
ourselves and have an honest
conversation about things with a common
goal in mind it does influence what we
think can do and as long as we're open
and transparent about it even if it's
not exactly what you wanted to see you
can at least understand it and be a part
of that conversation beyond so hopefully
that makes sense as well one minute left
I just want to finish as a just with a
huge thank you to everyone who's tune in
tonight um I was a bit nervous doing
this I was excited but I had all this
stuff written I wasn't sure how it was
going to go and I I thought it'd be good
if this could be used to get some more
people becoming patrons now they
understand what I do but I've gone for
it and you know 20 minutes then I was
like oh I think this is going alright
and it's just like this couldn't have
gone better we've had a being quite
straightforward with how this has worked
I was quite organized with it um
obviously new patrons have signed up
with enthusiasm which I'm grateful for
and we've had a good Q&A and keep it
real
answer i'm in for a year that means a
lot cool i'm gonna end it now dead on an
hour so i want to say a huge thank you
to everyone for tuning in expect a new
video from me on tuesday and anyone
who's become a patron you'll be able to
write on the patron wool and I always
have conversations and hear your
thoughts and feedback there and for
anyone with any questions about what I
do and what this is all about as soon as
I close this live stream you'll be able
to watch it from the start where I
explained quite at quite place exactly
what that is love you Oh everybody keep
fighting the good fight have a wonderful
rest of your sunday and i will see you
seen a DA still next time and on youtube
as well love you all
