okay I'm sorry you didn't understand but
if you don't know what I'm talking about
then just click here magical I don't
hate you I do care about your opinions
some of you did get the sarcasm and yes
some of you did get the irony but many
of you didn't and I lost like hundred
subscribers a hundred of you
unsubscribed because he thought I was
being serious or being disrespectful Oh
miles I can't believe you could be so
insensitive I thought your channels all
about helping people if you want me to
be honest my channel is about inspiring
people and sometimes it's about rattling
people's perceptions I'm not denying
that what I made was provocative it was
my intention it was meant to push a few
buttons but it was meant to make you
think about what was actually being said
did you see what the video was a video
response to did you notice what category
it was in and perhaps the reason I was
swearing at whoever was watching the
video and criticizing heavily you're
right to have an opinion was to
demonstrate an exaggerated version of
censorship the reason I was so in your
face was so that you felt violated and
it made you feel emotion it made you
feel involved and with all that it meant
that you felt the need to respond but
you can and why was that because you
were censored and you were therefore
unable to give your opinion and as for
the HMS sensor that was the big clue in
the video it doesn't exist it's not real
and I'm sorry if you believe that was
real because some people did so on
message me telling me they had media
coursework and they had to write about
censorship and they said they couldn't
find where censorship came from so they
wrote about the HMS sensor so yeah that
story about the ship was a lie but I'll
tell you the real story back in history
there was something called the HMS iron
and the reason it was called that was
because the ship's shape was that of an
iron but it was no ordinary ship it was
built to provide transport for people
who were afraid of flying but
unfortunately during his voyage it's
sunk and everyone died but the last
sounds ever reported by boats that were
near buying can get there in time was
the sounds of e
he probably said with a bit more
emphasis because they were drowning and
so the HMS iron put together with E and
it created irony and that's where irony
came from look I'm genuinely sorry if I
caused offence to anyone but all I ask
is if you know anyone who may have left
my channel because of that video just
get them to come back tell him to check
this and tell them it's okay sometimes
in life we need to be challenged from
doing the video I have learnt a lot her
and I guess I hope you've learned a lot
to You so it's censorship good or is it
bad it's sarcasm good or is it bad is
sat I good or is it bad and irony well I
guess it depends if you're on that boat
or not because in that case I guess you
could say irony is bad
