censorship is brilliant and if you don't
believe me you can just go fuck yourself
in a recent video I did there was a lot
of discussion about censorship and I've
concluded that it is a good thing why
because it stops stupid like you from
spewing your bile all over the place so
for those of you that agree with me that
censorship is good there's no need to
express your opinion because we all know
we are right and all of you that are
against censorship you liberals who just
think who it's about freedom of speech
and that freedom liberation just grow
the fuck up I've never heard one good
argument against censorship not one two
would be nice but one just one people
can't come up with it because the truth
is you're all a bunch of fucking idiots
mindless sheep drones but someone has to
take control someone has to take
initiative there always has to be a
leader because the general public are
idiots is the truth and if you disagree
with me you're wrong because I mean why
do want to waste precious minutes of my
life listening to some going on and on
about whatever he's going on about I
mean I wouldn't know because I'm not
listening to my don't have to I don't
give up what you say censorship is
protection censorship is efficiency do
you even know where censorship came from
no I didn't think so so all these people
going against censorship and they don't
even know where censorship comes from
get your facts straight you want to know
back in history there was something
called the HMS sensor ship and they had
to censor it because otherwise all the
people on the shore would have got
isil's from seeing the ludicrous book
that was plastered on the side of it it
was for the good of people so I'm gonna
leave it there I've given you my opinion
censorship is great and what about your
opinion well you're not going to have a
say because your opinion means nothing
ki ye you're worthless to me
