hi everyone how's it going I've been
debating for quite some time now what
sort of video I should be putting up
next got a few concepts for a few
serious videos and I felt the need to do
a funny one first but it just wasn't
happening I am working a new job now as
many of you perhaps know you all ready
for the BBC for their comedy department
it is a dream come true and it's a
privilege to be working with a team of
great people and it's been really really
good fun if you want to see the sort of
stuff I've been working on then there is
a link of their channel if you click it
you can see it and comment and whenever
you do comment on a video or on the
channel and the likelihood is that I
will see it her so yeah but on a general
night like um I've been through another
crazy point in my life and some of you
who remember and watching my videos from
last year it was on the lead up to
christmas and i'm going through the
motions at the moment and i just haven't
had a chance to stop and you know relax
and get on with you know the things I
used to like make youtube videos so this
is just a quick update video to say that
if you don't see videos from me for a
while this is why I hope to come back
very very soon and if you do want to
stay in touch and up to date because I
still do you my live shows and I do
still coming online from time to time
the best way is free Twitter I update
that and I will always be posting info
of when I'm doing projects etc and
whether it's at my work at the BBC or if
it's a live show or if it's just
anything particular interest but i do
want to come back and make videos and
but i'm just gonna have to put out how
to the moment so thinking a lot of
emails the past few weeks
asking when I'm gonna be making another
video and save our game individually i
just bought put this up here for the
meantime so thank you everyone for the
support and I hope to see you soon and
if it's in the new year I hope you have
a great Christmas and to a happy new
year bye
