before I say what I want to say I'm
going to tell you a little story and it
is of when I was at secondary school or
high school here in America I was 17
turning 18 and I was very frustrated
with the way it was run there was a lot
of bullying going on which wasn't dealt
with there was drug dealing that wasn't
dealt with there was a lot of corruption
and what I learned was that as long as
your parents contributed a lot of money
to the school but you would be okay no
matter what you did and I was very angry
with the way I was treated by the
teachers and I decided to take action
every year we had a public speaking
competition where you would speak for
five minutes you could do an
after-dinner speech which is comedic he
could do a persuasive speech which is
what I chose to do or you could do
debates and my talk went on for nine
minutes and i wrote a massive speech
about the injustice within the school
and when i write this speech i did the
respectful thing I went to teachers I
went to the head of my year the head of
sixth form and I said this is what i
plan to say to which they said I'm
really sorry you feel this way it
wouldn't be good to end the year on bad
terms though and i highly recommend you
don't do it I stuck to my principal I
turned up and I did the speech it was
the first public speaking competition
ever where the headmaster didn't turn up
I got a lot of support people that used
to disrespect me and although the school
wanted to take action against me the
reason they couldn't do anything was
because a lot of the teachers especially
in the staff room after I made the
speech agreed with what I had to say I
won't go on anymore but i will put the
speech I learn off by heart and as it
was written at the time in a journal and
paste it in description so go check it
out if you want but where's this going
well the ephah today get a really tough
time in the media I'm sure you will
agree I get really sick of hearing the
constant negativity but at the same time
I do acknowledge there's a lot of
problems out there there's a lot of
teenagers that do cause problems and
feed the media with the ability to give
us all a bad reputation I don't know how
it is worldwide but in
England it definitely is a big problem
and recently I came across a charity
which is hoping to improve the situation
with the you for today so with the story
that I told there's a big point to that
and it is as use we do want respect we
can't just expect to get it we need to
show we can contribute some constructive
to society and we need to show you that
we are all as the media depicts us so
I'm going to leave the video there but
all I will say is over the next several
weeks there is a great cause going on
there's a UK charity called barnardo's
youtube.com forward slash the teens
speech I will be doing a talk on it
about health and there'll be many other
youtubers who will be doing talks on
other issues as well and all I just want
to say is if you've never blogged before
if you feel that you've never had a
voice before or perhaps you have a voice
but you'd like it to be respected more
then take this opportunity because as
you know I always preach the greatness
of this technology you may have seen my
YouTube story I've definitely come a
long way but it didn't mean I was always
this way I just had the opportunity and
I grasped it if the e for today truly
want respect from society we can't just
expect to get it we need to earn it so
we need to stand up now and acknowledge
that now is the time to take action
there are just so many great young
people out there today and it would be
such a waste when being given such an
opportunity not to take it on so just
share this video around and just help me
spread the word please because it's a
great cause thank you that is
