I guess I'll start off by expressing my
view on the British national party the
BMP I find them racist I find them
repulsive and I would never ever vote
for them so having such a stance it
could be therefore assumed that I would
never take sides with this political
party I'd like to say so but this year I
found myself doing so for the first time
and it's all thanks to the anti BNP
protesters who have angered me with
their hypocrisy it started earlier this
year when Nick Griffin the BNP leader
held a news conference at Westminster
after being elected as a member of the
European Parliament the uaf the united
against fascism group swarm the area
during this talk he was giving and began
pelting him with eggs this forced the
BMPs who flee the area but even when
getting in their cars the protesters
felt it necessary to smack the cars with
their placards to see exactly what
happened that day then just click this
annotation to view the video what got me
taking sides with the BMP was that they
actually were democratically elected
which is to their credit and then this
protest group comes along being
aggressive being violent and you know
what example are they showing with the
way they're going to what what is your
attitude towards free speech well we
don't believe in free speech for fashion
and then when they were questions on
their own actions I just heard nothing
compelling about it whatsoever so if you
want to hear some wise words from Donna
Guthrie from the uaf then click this
annotation to see that video where she's
interviewed on the BBC the way I see it
is if they want to do the right thing
they should be doing something
constructive which is giving the people
that would normally vote for the BMP to
have a better alternative if they're
preaching about democracy then surely
they should be exercising it within
their own argument because as soon as
you go into hypocricy your argument
falls tonight on question time the BNP
leader nick griffing will be appearing
and already it's made a lot of
controversy in the press because many
people believe he doesn't have a right
to be there unless you're someone who is
against
ma cracy then you should accept that for
someone who is democratically elected
that he has a right to go on there and
take questions from the public in terms
of the VMP now next week on your program
they will be there Jack strong cold be
there yes there'll be an argument yes
most probably Nick Griffin we found to
be a complete fool yes but he has that
platform right there now for some
viewers yes some gears was a yes okay
i'm no longer than of a BMP but there's
other views and communities across the
country will see that little see Nick
Griffin there they also have a few
little satin bias coming up they'll drop
in a few a kind of like answer ads
immigration moment we have a few kind of
have the kind of blatant it's on the
folk for vogue moment for which which
will happen which is featured in the
fitna the film by 112 is a wielders
wielders comp nascimento dutch dutch NP
i think it's a things there which will
be caught on i know yes it's the
argument ability debate let's debate not
worth losing for some of those people
watching that program which will then
turns the BNP which communities will
then have a negative impact creating
tension creating for the babies what
frustrates me most about people like
this guy is that they're doing their own
cause of disservice and I mean this
frustration that he then create some
people like me is someone who would not
actually usually want to be associated
with taking sides with the BMP is now
doing so because I'm defending him with
making the points that I've been making
in this video so if you're someone who
doesn't like the BMP try doing st.
constructive and stop giving me a reason
for taking their side ever again and i'm
sure this conversation will continue
after the show has taken place tonight
on question time with leader nick
griffin from the VMP
