spent my first moments of 2016 at a neon
house party with childhood friends
clearing out underneath my stairs I came
across some old school gems did some
traditional activism handing out flyers
to fellow commuters on my first week
back to work completed fallout 4 after
135 hours of pleasurable gaming found
myself often working late at work and
still not being able to get everything
done I started questioning whether or
not I was in the right place and if not
where is continued to follow and support
the Bernie Sanders campaign daily as his
momentum grew and grew and grew was
approached by digital Henley to give a
keynote speech about online community my
first main talk since the head injury a
couple of years ago it felt great to be
doing this sort of thing again anxiety
was still a big part of my life creating
waves of severe depression and say my
main focus day by day was going with the
flow and trying to keep my head above
the water decided to share words of
solidarity with Bernie Sanders
supporters in the US and the response I
got was quite incredible was brought to
tears by one of the most moving videos
this year called it's not over by Erica
garner glad to see the notion of a
resource-based economy being discussed
in the mainstream more and more
pleasantly surprised by Apple's warning
about the US government's mass
surveillance operations had a quiet but
lovely 29th birthday with my parents
reunited with an amazing friend I hadn't
seen in years was a guest host on Bernie
Sanders TV during the Nevada caucus life
is all about taking risks right I just
didn't think that putting keys in my
pocket would be one of them receive news
that after two years my time at the
Guardian would be coming to an end
although hugely saddened by this I
didn't feel bitter when my managers
first break the news to me they asked if
I had any questions and i responded in
quite a miles s sort of way are you both
okay I appreciate that this is probably
the hardest part of your jobs they of
course laughed and we hugged and it was
very emotional for the remainder of my
time several senior colleagues gave me
some excellent advice use this moment as
an opportunity to seriously think about
what you want to do
in life and go for it marched on
Parliament Square with Americans abroad
in support of Bernie Sanders was
approached by a counterterrorism
organization to help them develop a
video strategy for combating
radicalization I wish I could say more
sorry absolutely loved 10 Cloverfield
Lane although it just fell short of a
masterpiece in my opinion due to the
lame ending had a visit from my
wonderful American friend Denise witness
Bernie Sanders get an endorsement from
Mother Nature either that or he's a
Disney Princess blown away by actor
Wentworth Miller's incredible response
to a cruel internet mean that he was the
subject of my last day at the Guardian
was a sad one I was not only saying
goodbye to colleagues but people were
regarded as family as well created a
detailed 20 minute video on why Bernie
Sanders had a path to victory and it
blew up on Facebook it made me think
that perhaps I could return as a regular
video blogger once more watch the live
stream of Bernie Sanders New York rally
with amazement I was shocked to see
Robert rice share my Bernie Sanders
video with his supporters and it had the
most amazing comments developed a mega
intellectual crush the progressive
journalists know me const after seeing
her sleigh hillary clinton surrogates on
the corporate media enjoyed the
dystopian world of tom clancy's the
division with my mental health taking
another major hit I decided to move back
in with my parents we went on plenty of
walks together helping me reflect on my
direction in life I received a huge wave
of new American viewers since my
previous video with many asking how they
could donate to support me I kindly
decline though as I had no formal set up
for this but it did inspire me to look
at Patrian I took a deep breath and
followed my heart I announced to friends
family and supporters my plan of
returning to video blogging for the
first time in years and launching a
patreon account to fund a long-term
strategy it was so nerve-racking though
I felt exposed and vulnerable what if
this failed met with an old friend who
showed me some quirky new hologram
mobile technology he'd been working on
took my brother's dog Theo for weekly
walks sometimes he was lovely and other
times not so much photo shoot with my
band squamata theory began
posting weekly videos whilst also
looking for work as a freelance video
consultant my band's upcoming single was
featured on BBC Berkshire if you want to
make an impression when you upload a
song on to the BBC Introducing uploader
this is how you do it by the way went to
the Job Centre for the first time in my
life cross that off the bucket list
night and because of my ambitions have
become self-employed they put me on this
amazing scheme could be any a where I
got eight weeks of mentoring to develop
my own business plan I can't recommend
it enough gave snapchat another go for
the fifth time ever this time posting
daily story blogs received some
incredibly kind and supportive words for
my friend James O'Brien after discussing
renewable energy on his radio show if
you want to check out some of the
activism and work that miles does just
just Google is no miles Dyer with 2 y's
miles with a white guy with a y very
impressive very informed young man
restores my faith in the youth of
Britain on a regular basis nostalgia
overload with the new dean game
celebrated my 10-year YouTube
anniversary with surprise surprise a
video blog looking back uncharted 4 need
i say more during the EU referendum
campaign i wasn't so much sitting on the
fence more like jumping over it again
and again and ultimately destruction is
another form of creation and I didn't
trust those in power to help rebuild
what comes next and so I voted remain
launched my band's new EP networks
although the post brexit result anger
was very disheartening to see I found
myself able to build common ground
between those who voted leave and those
who voted remain I began cognitive
behavioral therapy enjoy the bubbles and
puddings evening with my friend phone
after braving the Bristol summery
weather surreal to see the chilcot
report finally published pledged
allegiance to team mystic was invited to
the House of Lords by Rights Watch to
attend their review of prevent felt
physically sick seeing Bernie Sanders
endorse Hillary Clinton despite knowing
there was a good reason for him doing it
I'm used by all the people complaining
how lame Pokemon goes supposedly is had
my business plan approved by the NEA
meaning I could officially launch my new
business emergency haircut due to the
amazingly hot weather when some
beautiful evening walks by a local Lake
I had
visited since my childhood felt
motivated as I researched and scripted
so many upcoming videos Donald Trump
becoming GOP nominee president although
expected worried me because
establishment Democrats seem complacent
with their unquestionable love for
Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders
spent a weekend at my friend's epic
house party great to see a politician
generating so much enthusiasm this side
of the Atlantic around progressive
values but hand on heart he's no Bernie
Sanders received a message from a
talented activist a musician named Leah
rose who wanted to connect we've since
become really good friends and she's
been a really great supporter of my work
even helping me with script writing in
the early hours of the morning when I'm
losing my mind I'm so glad she reached
out addicted to walking you can't beat
nature cbt was teaching me so many
amazing things like unhelpful thinking
habits and the worry tree although not
invited to summer in the city 2016 I was
to their after party where I connected
with so many old YouTube friends it
changed my world of anxiety into one of
hope and passion explored the universe
of no man's sky found myself longing for
the day of feeling fixed level 30 still
suffering a monthly net loss of YouTube
subscribers but determined to hang in
there played a hometown show I'll never
forget the moment I had to ask the
entire crowd to move forward some more
people could get in at the back I don't
know if that's ever going to happen
again a damning report showed our
intervention in Libya allowed for the
rise of Isis well our governments ever
learn finally got round to completing
the last of us Wow what again attended
YouTube summit for social change I was
surrounded by so many like-minded
inspiring people from all over the world
it felt like home despite the Labour
Party's many attempts to oust their
leader Jeremy Corbyn went on to win his
second leadership contest with a bigger
percentage of the boat than last time
extraordinary times impressed yet again
by another Elon Musk live stream this
time on SpaceX about making humans
multiplanetary species sitting in my car
after leaving my final CBT session I
felt incredibly emotional
because it finally dawned on me how much
I was going to miss the therapist who
had changed my life visited the natural
history museum with my American friend
Anna before teaming up with Liam and Tom
for some Pokemon hunting spoke at
thinking digital Manchester about my 10
years on YouTube and what the future
holds alongside people from Google
Twitter and the BBC made some big
lifestyle changes that significantly
improve my sleep happy to see my brother
started on YouTube channel became
friends with some brilliant inventors
Clara and Adrian who I met at thinking
digital I found myself one day totally
consumed with anxiety the worst I've
ever experienced and a panic attack and
so I abandoned all my plans and I even
got to a point where I was contemplating
methods of suicide which I knew was
ridiculous at the time but it was all
just so overwhelming I managed to keep
these thoughts that arm's length away
from me though thanks to the CBT skills
I'd picked up but the fact I was even in
this place troubled me I fortunately had
the amazing love and support of my
family though who I moved back in with
for the third time this year and I can't
thank my parents enough for that
received an amazing gift box from my
patron Lisa which really cheered me up
contained really quirky items like this
and this and this watch the square and
made the first episode of doc watch with
my good friend Pete deleted Twitter off
my phone and disabled all Facebook push
notifications probably one of the best
decisions I've made all year after all
this time I finally got some answers as
to what the physical damage was to me
after my head injury it was part of my
middle ear on my left side it was such a
relief to get an explanation as to what
causes my dizziness headaches and my
struggles with concentration hopefully
the physiotherapy I've now been given
will help with this and that gain of
subscribers I'm so glad I stuck at it
highlighted five reasons why I thought
Trump was going to win the 2016 u.s.
presidential election developed a great
relationship with my ever growing
community of patrons who have humbled me
with their support one dollar at a time
thank you so much as a brilliant meeting
with Britt doc about potential ways of
working together in the new year was
asked by them the following week if I
wanted to attend their event good pitch
in New
York City hell yeah such an inspiring
few days where I met many great human
beings online friends activists
journalists and politicians heard Bernie
Sanders was in New York City so I made
an attempt to meet him and after the
most remarkable chain of events I did
had an amazing conversation with Jane
Saunders to showed solidarity with a
standing rock protest where BuzzFeed
asked why someone from London England
was interested in such a cause attended
a special show by UK metal band
architects following the passing of
their guitarist tom living back at home
again I felt so much more content and in
control with my life appalled to see my
own government parts the most extreme
surveillance legislation in the history
of Western democracy was a guest on
total rock radio for the first time in
years thanks Matt received loads of
amazing shirts from my friend or riot
thank you which included this one
standing rock proved the true power of
nonviolent resistance in North Dakota so
so inspiring even though the battle is
far from over a rival I can't remember a
movie that has left me feeling more
blown away with such powerful nuances
tailored into its message glad to see
that one us politician is making an
effort to find common ground with those
who voted differently Road won the first
third bugged me but the final third was
absolutely incredible loved it overall
spent Christmas at my parents with my
brother and his fiancee oh and little
Theo of course played some VR and I
received so many great gifts some that
were practical ones that made me smile
and ones that fell into both categories
what year and now I've got to reflect on
it all it has been a huge battle with
myself and there were some struggles
that I didn't touch upon because it was
constant throughout the year and they
relate to my depression I've been trying
to take off these shackles of my past
with my injury the fact it exacerbated
certain characteristics of me December
this will be the first month that I have
kicked an addiction in a very long time
which has had knock-on effects see my
financial situation where I've been
going in debt so much and my family has
been there every step of the way
supporting me and that has obviously
caused issues of my depression and my
feeling of self-worth and it's weird
because you never think it's going to
happen to you it was the case with the
head injury which I laughed off when the
doctor said you'll probably have
concussion for a couple of weeks and you
know 23 years later here we are still
and it was only when doing cognitive
behavioral therapy and learning these
tools and looking back I realized how
far I had come and I was only going to
get further if I acknowledged the things
that were wrong with me not to say I'm
inherently flawed but to know if I
identified the problems I could move
forward and I kept falling back on many
occasions i had many arguments for my
family who were concerned for me they
wanted me to be in a better place but
they stuck with me I want to thank my
friends my family and all my viewers out
there who have shown so much love and
support for me throughout this
incredibly difficult time because
without you much of this would not have
been possible so to end on a few key
points despite what many people say I
don't believe it's an age of post truth
that we live in but instead one of anti
nuance which in many ways is far more
dangerous it is intellectually dishonest
when people focus on an abusive minority
in public discourse as a means to define
a wider group and that's something we
have to try so much harder in the new
year to combat continue to vent anger
and frustration at those that don't
think the same way as you do and
societal divisions will only worsen
there were many doors I open this year
we're behind it was a big monster named
anxiety and what I realized is that
closing the door again is only half the
battle life is generally good but when
it's not it's just progress in process
yes there are a lot of struggles that we
have to come out of yes there are going
to be some huge challenges waiting for
us over the horizon but together if we
organize and use technology to liberate
the individuals around the world who are
geographically isolated we
common goals in mind there is nothing we
can't achieve and so on that note thank
you from the bottom of my heart and as
always addy ice till next time love you
all
you
