60 second September was really a
spur-of-the-moment project which I
decided to do on sep tember first at 10
minutes to midnight and I'm so glad I
did it it's been a great experience not
all my videos have been great but one
thing is for certain they had been
diverse and hopefully the diversity as
men you've all had different favorite
episodes every day has been really tough
I've had to wake up and think what am I
going to do for today's video and to be
honest I couldn't have chosen a worse
time because with me moving house trying
to get a job family moving to America
but I think I've done well and I think
I've coped or I can say is I hope you
enjoyed it and as long as you guys keep
subscribing commenting rating and
viewing the videos of course I'll keep
doing what I do which is something I
love and if you haven't seen all the
episodes yet I guess you can just go to
the 62nd September playlist and watch
the whole mumps work for videos in just
30 minutes so I guess I better get going
and get ready for the final episode a
dios 62nd September
