now that's cool I was just hoping though
it's like I could do to make you change
your mind but I understand rejection
happens to us all in life and to be
honest it really sucks you could be
asking a friend or so anybody just met
recently you can be asking them just on
a date where you might want to extend an
already existing relationship into
something much much deeper and for many
people it takes a lot of guts me
personally well I've experienced
rejection a hell of a lot of times but
frequency doesn't actually prevent me
from being surprised and here's a true
example there was this girl from Gemma I
really liked her she was outgoing
stylish she was great to chat to towards
the knee up and see how things go but
she kindly refused she sent me an email
and she put molds you're a really nice
guy very hot and have a lot going for
you and here's the buff as you may have
guessed I going for black guys 60
seconds so how do I respond to that I
don't know
