not as good as the prequel spontaneous
Skeeter Cilic historically accurate dull
hilarious Hollywood trash uneventful
sugar-coated time well sir core need
related Horner graphic factual a great
stone accommodate single tracked to
computer-generated erupting much too
literal comforting charming predictable
Arthur darks not what it says on the tin
too big for its boots sci-fi classic
well sir meaningful informative sexual
degrading Nazi propaganda a masterpiece
heartwarming gory feminine poetic
informal romantic comedy definitive
homophobic educational a sausage fest
unoriginal well sir low great wrong calm
epic fail FML FYI eieio solid fun for
the family well it's a movie one for
vegetarians fish-friendly who I haven't
seen it you have gone in 60 seconds god
damn amazing September
