hey everyone hope all is well 2016 is
almost over and what a remarkable year
it has been I actually wasn't planning
on making a video this week because i'm
currently working on an end of year
review which for anyone who's been
watching my videos for many years will
be familiar with this format that i'm
resurrecting i'm very much looking
forward to it even though it's going to
be such a hellish task to complete and
then I thought this would actually be a
great opportunity to answer a question
I've been asked quite a lot of times
over the past two years and it is
regarding many of the t shirts that I
wear in my videos and when I'm out and
about back in 2014 my band squamata
theory was planning a music video shoot
for our single courage is contagious
which is about the surveillance state
and whistleblowers like Edward Snowden
and so I was looking online for a
t-shirt to wear that would fit in with
the theme of that video which I'm
wearing now better and it was a company
called all riots so I ordered their
shirt wore it in the music video and
kept going back because I loved so many
of their designs I emailed them to show
my appreciation and as a result I became
really good friends with the designer
she has a really interesting backstory
she actually worked in the mainstream
fashion industry for many years so she
has a lot of experience when it comes to
designing clothing but she got to a
point where she wasn't enjoying it as
much she had several disagreements with
the system that she was working in and
she wanted to start making clothing that
sent out positive messages and promoted
social change thus creating all riot but
there are two main questions I get asked
about the shirts number one does alright
pay me to wear their shirts the short
and simple answer is no the slightly
longer answer is we've become really
good friends I really respect the work
that she does and I really hope that she
succeeds in the activism she conducts
through that Avenue and she feels the
same way about me in the work that I do
and so we sparked off a really great
relationship where if I'm creating a
video on a particular topic and she has
a design that fits in with that she'll
send me a free shirt to wear and I
happily wear it on my videos and the
second question I get asked a lot is
what does your shirt say because I
appreciate it most of my videos when I'm
sat down like this you don't actually
get to see the full shirt when I used to
do them standing up it was a lot clearer
but this is the current format I use and
maybe one day oh no it's not going to
work so in this video i thought i'd show
you just a few of the shirts that I
really love
and I just love wearing these shirts
when I'm out and about because they
proven to be such a great conversation
starter with members of the public my
band was playing a show in Brighton a
year ago and when I was buying some
krispy kremes the guy behind the counter
looks at my shirts which was the no
fracking way one and he said we have a
real problem with fracking round here
and having that connection in that
moment is always a powerful exchange
because when you are fighting for
particular causes that you believe in
making those connections makes you
realize there are people that you can
work with to achieve those common goals
also every year they organize a photo
shoot where fans of their brand can come
down and get professional photos taken
of them wearing the different shirts
never saw myself as been much of a model
before but there you go it was really
good fun and yeah as I've said already
the thing I love most about all riot is
it's allowed me to make so many new
connections with people went out and
about on really important issues and
obviously I've made a great connection
with the designer behind this company
and for anyone who's seen last week's
video will know the importance behind
joining the dots and if you don't know
what that means and i'll post a link at
the end of the video so definitely check
out their website please comment with
your thoughts on the t-shirt designs
which one were your favorites any
standouts you in particular I hope you
have a wonderful Christmas but to any of
you out there who find that this is a
particularly difficult time of year due
to tragedies in the past please know
that I feel you on that with my own
personal experiences but it's about
connecting with friends and family and
those that you love and yeah I will
speak to you next week with an end of
year review a d8 until next time
you
