I do believe I'm at the halfway point
the 62nd September and how am i finding
it I love it seriously it's been so much
fun I mean it has made the days fly by
because every morning I wake up hits
what am I gonna do today as well as
sorting out my life me moving house
trying to get a job and yadda yadda
yadda but it's been really rewarding
because every day I've tried to do
something different and because you're
having to churn out these ideas I think
it really makes you rise up to the
challenge I want to challenge you
whoever is watching out there and has a
camera doesn't matter if you've missed
the first half but you can join in for
the second half so tomorrow 16 4 sep
tember join in and every day you do a
video post it to the corresponding one
that I've done because it's great I wake
up in the morning check the comments on
my video and then in the video responses
I get to watch like 10 videos in 10
minutes so get more people involved in
60 seconds September it may be one of
your favorite youtubers it may be a
friend that's never done videos before
this is a great chance to fray yourself
out there and give it a good go 60
second September
