today we had a party for my parents who
are leaving for boston soon have a good
time yes but were buried we had an
excellent i wus right on well because
you guys leave in I thought it'd be
unfair to make your video just for that
matter yeah I think drew BRS people when
I think you're being serious he
single-handedly built by Great Wall of
China oh yeah miles is so great I mean
anyway we're gonna win this war on
terror is if my life doesn't piles dire
has asked me just to say have a nasty
you truly believe this okay amazing last
week he saved my cat from a tree both
came as a shock especially to his mother
she was expecting a turkey it was
Thanksgiving God created the earth in
seven days five did it boss has a really
big heart 60 second set timber I'm gonna
miss you guys oh not much
