yeah I feel free but right now so what's
been going on I was going to be going to
America dad got a job out there in
Boston but recently I found out the
American government weren't going to be
giving me a green card this men I would
have to get sponsorship from a company
that would be willing to hire me in the
US they would then have to prove the US
government that whatever I had to offer
they can find within their entire
country greats so that's all right I
could get a job back at home I've either
been over qualified or they haven't got
back to me it's really ironic because my
family and I always believed that it be
me going to America while they stay here
but what impact is happening now is they
are going to America and I'm staying
here today I've been helping clear out
my Nan's house because actually I'm
going to be living there for six months
with my cousin I then found out today
that I am leaving this house on sunday
so i guess if i want to look at the
bright side at least another thing to
tick off the list and you know the one
I'm talking about 60 and second in
September
