hi guys how's it going what's up so for
our allies we meet lots of different
people whether it's friends family or
strangers and out of all these people
there are always those that stand out
and usually it's for unintentional
reasons characteristics that they have
that I guess could be considered quirky
so in this video I challenge you to post
three examples of three people that
you've come across who have interesting
traits okay so here are my three roll
sequence okay so the first one is sawing
that I worked with in construction he
doesn't work in the same field that I do
but whenever I see him about he's never
doing work and he's always chewing on
chewing gum I'll be there doing work
maybe of a hammer demolish and slang
using a drill which is pretty loud and
in the back of my mind I just hear this
and I turnover and who's behind me
and its really really off-putting okay
my second example is of a guy that I saw
on a train and basically I was on my way
to London to the BBC Television Centre
last week and as usual there was no
space on the train and so I was standing
up in the cafe bit there's a bar on this
carriage of the train where they sell
stuff and there was this guy just
sitting there reading a newspaper having
a coffee and then all sudden he sneezed
without his hand there everyone was like
he sneezed he sneezed did he have swine
flu but that wasn't the interesting part
and don't ask why I started watching him
he then got a tissue and then as he
started like wiping his nose he then
started sticking out his tongue and then
he started to kress the tissue and
slowly make a move with his tongue and
he had this nice romantic experience
with this tissue and it was just really
weird no one else on the carriage
noticed so I guess I feel special for
experiencing such a weird behavior from
such a freak of nature
and my third example it was so on I went
to secondary school with and because I
can't give out the names I'm gonna just
call this guy one in a Joe and why would
I call him that well some of you may
have guessed it yep you're pretty smart
he had one air he had a clip-on ear that
was you know made for him and it just
clipped on what else with a clip clip
what is new so we've been registration
at school and he wasn't usually there
and we'd always get in trouble if we
didn't turn up and that it should be
like well where is he and everyone would
say he is not here which ok pun aside
anyway he would then run him through the
door and he would say something like
I'll sorry miss I miss Huck I couldn't
find my ear I lost it a teacher even
though it's an excuse used over and over
again could had questioned it just had
to go okay well as long as you found
your ear I mean how do you respond to
that and it got worse whenever he didn't
hand in homework what was his excuse I
lost my ear so the whole last night the
reason I didn't do my homework was
because i lost my ear but i found it
though there was another example where
at lunch there was this girl sitting
down she had a sandwich on the table he
was sitting next to her and he literally
just unclipped his ear put it on the
table next to her which is illustrated
in this video very well by a piece of
ham it was the only thing I could find
and I know it doesn't look much luck in
it but deal with it and then as she sort
of looked to the air he then just
started pushing it towards the sandwich
and in the end she had to leave and
there was another occasion where he just
punched me and I went Wow why'd you do
that and he went because you've got one
more air than I do it's okay guys those
were my three examples of interesting
people that I've experienced in my life
so post them in the comments below or if
you want to be really creative post a
video response and act out a bit look
forward to seeing your responses take
care adios
