what could I do in 24 hours I try out a
new look you could see in a bathtub of
faith I could break the world record for
most dance I could probably clean the
bathroom maybe with the help of the
National Guard am I supposed to figure
out the cat so in 24 hours
another quarter in 24 hours I could
catch every single Pokemon in the
original pokedex okay turns out I don't
actually have pokemon guess you're just
gonna have to take my word for it I
could safe in 86,400 times all right why
have to breathe as well you can do 483
min of eggs sequentially you give me 24
hours I could seduce megan fox in 12
hours and then just have the other 12
hours to you know go to the fair or
watch reruns of I Love Lucy or something
this could have been a bird
I could talk backwards for 24 hours
recently my brother realized that in 24
hours he could create a whole person and
I usually takes like nine months scale a
mountain / three mountains in 24 hours I
can chew world domination what I have a
plan oh I through this I'm not just
saying I totally could do it I could I
could still walk that societal we
sisters very nose in reserve and Marquez
in FC chalet LaMarca what I could
probably do spawned on the sexy and
extremely attractive way and show what
I'm made of and if that didn't work I
could probably put chloroform on a rag
and knock them out uh actually comes
think about it I would sound like a
really surreal Morse code message
I could do a really really long poon
don't use that one
okay maybe I couldn't I would go on the
streets I will pull out my juggling
balls and I will start juggling and when
people come up to me and they ask me why
are you juggling in the middle of the
street I'll say I'm trying to spread the
word about stick ate so much can be done
in 24 hours and on August fifteenth
sticky 2009 challenges you to help
change the world stick aid is a live
show lasting 24 hours hosted by Miles
Guyer AKA blade 376 from London England
this non-stop event contains music
comedy and much more to help raise money
for the charity UNICEF UNICEF is the
world's largest provider for vaccines
for developing countries it also
supports child health and nutrition good
water supplies and sanitation quality
basic education 40 + + gas and the
protection of children from violence
exploitation and AIDS yourself helps
people in these waves across 156
countries and we'll sticky we can raise
awareness and raise money for those who
need it most sticky aid will be a fully
interactive show in which you can send
in your own clips and participate in
challenges and guest interviews and the
events not only about turning up in the
day or making donations there are plenty
of ways you can support the event now to
get involved contact stick aid 2009 @
gmail.com and you will be sent more
information as soon as possible so
remember stick a 2009 Saturday August
fifteenth hope to see you there to find
out what time it starts in your part of
the world and for other very important
information check out w w speeding com /
decay 2009 stick a 2009 24 hours of
helping
good luck miles
I think it's good opportunity but anyone
who's taking part because we will need
to pull together in these times and
