just what's this random house and you
come for it I'm saying how in America is
all the more players not wonder why
plundering is just sort of emergence of
one big room here oh I think I didn't
expect to see this seven American accent
my name is spring g99 seriously cows or
I've England have different accents the
way they may spring I want the chicken
have an English acting like humans she's
she's creepy I rah rah rah rah our
rooster died last week apparently you
gotta hold them by their wing right
right there I'll flip so what your unity
do you brighten and snap its neck off
yeah it's not what they do that he's
never permit oh it's a pet you know
cooking it in no no no no power reason
why I can't redeem our rooster rooster
died last week and roar deficit over
here they don't use wind chimes likely
these cds oh the cds are here because
i'm the pigeons eat the chicken food so
in the daytime which the pigeons don't
come because of the cities cities do
they like you're a bit of light down
similans if you trying big massive vinyl
i collect vinyl and that they're the
pigeons love of vinyls so they would not
they all have our mp3 I know I put him
right and this horse is here there's
loins they've got swing covering right
I'm gonna Anna um this is my horse glory
can you actually see free that yes Rock
I was gonna say it's like a mesh I
didn't want to strike it any thinking
right that's a bit yeah it's um you know
that beam in my hand if you touch it
that's a pretty big fly you know I'm
sorry see straight through it it's like
a screen window I reckon you could talk
to the camera for me yes no I'll give
you a catchphrase oh wow look at that
light in the sky is it is it for Batman
what for that's Montana hey Montana it's
not a Muslim horse no doesn't doesn't do
Islam no they just have fun rest because
it's um hot here in the flies come out
and the Flyers eggs in the eyes i spit
men yes well the chickens lay eggs in
the eyes no that's big egg chicken makes
in the eyes that no don't do anything
the chickens help with the bug issue
chickens eat the Black Widow I eat black
widows and they don't sting him in the
neck oh that's gay the family I got
night night did you run out please are
you pretty mm-hmm sorry yeah sorry
Legolas Legolas was this morning nothing
was a shitload the Rings this was his
name from Lord of the Rings was it was
this whole single of the Rings he's load
the Rings was in these alien that's a
long way since I close with this right
he's um a Welsh Pony wells from Wales
well his father is I'm have just been
riding him for about you mean like on
his back yes that's just bent he has
just been broke for about a month now
he's he's baby he's only four years old
and is it true he feed horses sausages
that they got an extra lucky or not eat
sausages okay they are paranoid okay
this is my horse Amanda a man is a
Hanoverian I'm her father I'm just got
message the out of title sir career I
think you're fun guy Scott baby okay you
speak Ethiopian to it mmm Ethiopia no
Sally took I speak horse does it
sometimes like speak Ethiopian I was
like slip of the word no she speaks
American okay came here Momo sorry
hamburger it's in the middle of the
night there
okay sorry unexpected yeah I'll come out
tomorrow in Austria to help okay yes
attacking them tomorrow in the morning
lovie expecting food well thank you for
showing me your horses this is actually
broken about a youtube video dress I
anything to the world no hey have a good
night happy fourth of July happy fourth
of July
