excuse me man oh yeah you're right weird
fictional character thing
yes can I tell you a joke joke yes yeah
sure okay well basically there was this
fish called urban and this fish one day
he managed to come out of the sea with
some robotic legs and basically he came
onto the shore and came across a lap and
in this lampur he rubbed it with his
tail a scaly tail and done yes well a
genie came out tonight a genie gave him
three wishes soak the fish speaking this
truth because it's a talking fish said
oh yes my for my first wish as a fish I
would like to have real legs
so the junior said yes real legs and he
gave him real legs so the fish actually
had real legs and for the second wish
the fish asked you have real arms like
human arms and so he was given real arms
so now he's got the legs and now he's
got the arms here you see what's going
on here
and then the genie said Oh bitch you
have one last wish because the fish was
walking away right now quite happily
flailing parts in the air and Nats of
clapping and cheering with his fish
mouth and turnarounds and aji said and
what would you like your fur division
this is quite funny this Batista
discipline and then the fish turns rats
yes for my third wish I would yeah and
then what and then what happened there
dear I seem to have forgotten the
punchline oh come on man can't you can't
build up a joke that far didn't forget
it
I I seem to be very discombobulated in
my head
miles I'm sorry I forgot the joke after
all of that white yes sir
I'm sorry just go just go don't talk to
you oh you you want me go yes well ah
thank you thank you miles
thank you bye so comic relief is a
British charity that was first
established in 1985 since it begun it
has raised over 600 million pounds for
people in need in the UK and in Africa
Red Nose Day is held in spring every
second year at is the main way which
comic relief raises money give me the
sniffles as the name suggests red noses
assault to fund the cause however this
isn't the only way money can be raised
stay on stay on no man this year is the
12th Red Nose Day and is based upon the
slogan do something funny for money and
so for this I had an idea this really
makes you things Li as explained in the
opening sketch don't you just hate it
when you tell a joke in in as you get
near the end you get how it ends well
you managed to tell the punchline but in
fact you didn't give it the justice it
truly deserved or perhaps you just
generally don't know any decent jokes
well nothing to fear because I have a
solution to help raise money for Red
Nose Day my idea is this in the comment
section or as a video response post your
best jokes if you do as a text comment
do it as one joke per comment and then
look down the list that other people's
jokes give a thumbs up to the jokes that
you find funny or give a thumbs down to
the ones that you feel are just well
soul-crushing post as many jokes as you
can and in the description box I have
put a donation link where you can donate
money to the cause of Red Nose Day so do
something funny for money if you look
down in the comment section and you find
some jokes that make you laugh that make
you smile then please donate to this
worthy cause furthermore if you are a
master at telling jokes then why not
post it as a video response all I ask is
if you do it as a video response that
you put in the description box the
donation link as well on Friday the 13th
is officially Red Nose Day and therefore
Saturday in terms of these jokes will be
Judgment Day but boils what does
Judgment Day me on Saturday the 14th I
will be looking down the comment section
of all the jokes posted and the one with
the most thumbs up ratings will receive
one of these noses then you just want to
take him home and cuddle well
wearing on your nose and also on
Judgment Day I'll be looking at the
video responses and my two favorite
jokes on those video responses will also
receive a red nose this is just a fun
idea that will hopefully make us all
laugh but more importantly raise lots of
money for the good cause that is comic
relief and finally with all the jokes
have been posted in the comments section
and with the video responses after Red
Nose Day I'll be making a collaboration
video and hopefully to raise even more
money for the cause thank you all for
tuning in and hopefully together we can
all do something funny for money
