so tell me was the last thing you copied
on the computer in this video experiment
all you need to do is click post new
comment and then on the blank text box
is press ctrl + V and then see what
appears be sure to post it whether it's
serious nonsense or even awkward and
let's see what everyone has copied
recently on their computers and then be
sure to reply to your comment with
another explaining what it is all about
but what if it turns out to be my bank
details what if it turns out to be dirty
talk I message loads of girls earlier
what if it's my password I keep
forgetting then perhaps it's best not to
post those entries and instead to use it
as a constructive reminder to be more
careful in future of what you use the
computer clipboard for when copying and
then pasting I'm pretty sure the results
will be interesting when you just press
ctrl + V
