hey guys our miles as many of you all
know I am in fact British but this by no
means would suggest that I do conform to
the stereotype of what it is to be
British I just thought you should know
you bloody hill so what can you do I can
put my hoodie over my head
can you unfortunately though I can't do
things skillful like cartwheels on a
recent tag trend game on YouTube you're
supposed to draw using your foot your
favorite youtuber I was tagged by no one
but I thought I'd do it anyway so using
your toes holding the pen you had to
draw it and this is mine but if I held
the pen the wrong way around some people
say I'm a bit of a joker all right so
you say knock knock
gone who's there got ya yeah that was
pretty lame I'm moving my tripod I'm
moving my tripod I'm moving my tripod so
in relation to my British traits I
thought I would do a how to be British
realistic edition so yeah today chaps I
am gonna be teaching you how to make a
regular cup of tea
yeah just boil some water put it with
the tea bag and then have milk or sugar
if you want
see there's absolutely no reason to fuck
about you know just get to the point you
want a cup of tea can it make it for
yourself well I say it maybe back at
some point or maybe not because my
character is extremely lame like someone
else so I've been challenged by one of
my many millions of subscribers who I
love you all thank you for subscribing
thank you thank you thank you to see how
many of these Rocky bar things I could
eat so let's go
just one I was just not feeling that
hungry and I only have one of them
anyway so thanks so I move for causes of
many sorts everyone knows free hugs
given out free hugs yeah I did it the
other day it didn't go that great hey
free hugs
oh come on free hugs hugs free hugs free
hugs free hugs free hugs
free hugs when I hug free hugs free hugs
right well night free hugs why you
looking so miserable hey oh hey Brittany
got it cool enough in drawer again oh
really how's it going uh yes it's going
alright um that was all thanks bye I
only needed that for the Senate picture
she'll understand anyway I absolutely
love to play computer games at sake
right you say I'm mad yeah you do
realize that what I'm doing is actually
what a lot of people do on their YouTube
videos so yes I am mad but I have to be
if I want to make this realistic
so I've always wanted to get a tattoo
but I'm never sure what's happy to get
you've always got a light experiment
with saying so I drew one with a pen on
my arm but again I did it with my foot
and I held the pen the wrong way around
okay this is a really true story
recently a friend of mine got a tattoo
of a shell on the inside of her thigh if
you put your ear next to it you can
smell the sea true story such a nasty
joke for those of you that wondering in
the background that is indeed in fact
see a good thing about a camera on a
tripod is I can look so I always like
getting gifts sent in to me so if you
have any gifts please do a friend of
mine the other day Johnny he actually
bought me this he said it was secondhand
but he said it's like a super toothbrush
so cheers dude it works really well
really keeps my teeth clean see if
you're a baby and I was rocking you in
my arms this is what it would look like
and I meant that completely innocently
you sick
I can move without losing my feet
so thanks everyone who's subscribed and
I guess I have a question when I was
young and on TV you saw everything was
black and white I actually used to think
that we used to be black and white
before color came around what stupid
things did you use to think of when you
were a kid it is till next time
