hi guys I'm miles Dyer and i'm here to
talk to you about my top 10 of 2008 yeah
this is really cool I've now got a new
camera for Christmas crimbo xmas Jesus's
birthday whatever you want to call it at
its wide screen so I can now enjoy the
space to start off at number 10 is
painting this is a last chance to wave
goodbye as you can see it's a bloody
hands made across a wolf this one was
inspired I'm actually by my film scripts
word of advice and it's called 360
degrees of lost control and it's
basically of the world's spinning out of
control my final bit a friend of mine
called Lexi do I know online she did a
great drawing and so I started painting
it it's not finished yet but it's also
going to be the artwork for horizons
expanding a track i'll be releasing in
the new year so at number 9 is the ps3
it is a great console it's my brothers I
do need to get my own when I have enough
money not much really to say about it
except I used to game a lot and it's got
me back into it there's lots of great
games on there so if you're into
PlayStation and you have your own PSN
maybe we could game on there in the new
year I mean I'm really into getting
trophies you know the awards and that um
but it's one those things that you know
you feel great about achieving and then
you step back out into the real world
and think what a waste of time at number
eight for me was TV series if you don't
know what that is from it's from the TV
show Lost I was going to pick a
particular TV series but I realized this
year there's been quite a few of watch
prison break Dexter and lost my favorite
programs all tend to be ones with moral
dilemmas prison break probably has the
least association with that theme but
Dexter is a great controversial thriller
drama series which is about a forensic
blood spatter analysis who actually goes
out and them is a serial killer himself
but he hunts down the people that the
police don't get and lost a lot of
people have got bored of it because it
was dragging on but I just think people
in life don't have enough patience and
if you actually do look into the
background of the stories if you look
online like lostpedia call me a geek if
you want but it makes it more
interesting and there's actually a lot
more depth than people may make out or
we are making out that there is more to
have than there actually is number seven
is my friends band who is a local band
of reading in England and that is malav
it's lots of shirts in this I'm sure you
can see very well placed in this video
and I hope you agree manifests are a bad
night I've supported for many years now
I was one of those that happen to
stumble across them in a local pub when
they were playing to maybe 10 to 20
people this year they've been playing to
download festival in front of thousands
there in the magazines they've had an
album release are going album coming out
soon and they're just doing so so well
and I'm very proud of the guys so well
done guys and good luck for the new year
malifesh now for number six is my
livejournal livejournal it's like I
discovered a year ago from a friend but
I also do like to put my lyrics up there
and I've been doing quite a lot of
lyrics lately anything from metal to
general poetic stuff to gangster okay so
what's going to basically be happening
yet is I'm gonna be rapping to sign I
wrote down earlier you know I'm saying
but um I ain't got any music so you just
could imagine a massive fat beat yeah so
it's like a watch yo snowflake at the
counter you mother but what's up give me
something smoking like a Cola flavor
mother chubby chub I am a real gangster
I'm always on the hunt don't matter if
you're a girl I'll kick you in that face
like that so at number five has to be
the United States of America
this year I went to Texas to meet my
friend Jim Williams I then went to LA to
spend time with the stick cam crew where
I did stick aid 2008 which was a good
charity event I then stayed with my
friend gizelle out there hi Giselle and
then I went Seattle and annoyance
Toronto for the 888 gathering and I came
back and it was just fantastic and yes
before and if you get picking in the
comment tu mente is known in the USA
zucchini year or in any other time I
mean I can't hear it but that's how I
will read it if you say it I know it's
in Canada but the point was the USA / I
did like Canada I'm digging myself a
hole here take the shovel USA was
fantastic and I do hope to move there in
the next year or two I'm not sure where
yet I'm going to be visiting again in
the summer 2009 but why the USA I just
love the people the culture however and
I just really do fancy a change and
people say oh well America's not that
safe right now is anywhere safe right
now no so think about it so at number
four is now for those you that don't
know the BBC and the company Endemol you
normally do big brother got in contact
they wanted to do a show spend six hours
in a box entertain the nation but then I
realized they were asking other members
of the UK YouTube community to take part
and they wanted to sort of sponge off
all our fan base and use it in the show
so I thought why compete when we could
work together and put something on for
the community a gathering so we all
teamed up we took part in this TV show
and we did about 48 hours and we won the
final 10 grand whoo youtube community
and it was just an incredible experience
I just think it was one those moments in
life where it really affirms to you that
you know if you put your mind something
you can really get what you want to say
because we weren't the favorites in that
competition a lot of people hated us
thought we were making a mockery of the
place you know we were but it is because
we knew more about the
internet and online community then
Endemol did and they didn't want to
admit that of course cuz they're the
almighty and anyway enough of that it
was good and we put on a great gathering
in the end and I just think it was a
real good show of online community and
if we all stick together we can achieve
anything almost anything world peace is
pre ambitious but we'll get there we'll
get there maybe 2009 year so and number
three is family so my family are playing
poker I was the first to get out I just
want Billy he ain't bed too much he
didn't write well this isn't a video
about poker all it's all viewers family
would you make a funny mom lovely great
thank you for your physio so badly I
think they're wonderful thanks for the
brothers James and right below average
ok thanks for the realism my family have
been incredibly supportive this year yes
whether it was I'm just leaving my
family have been incredibly supportive
whether it was about me going to America
or whether it was me just going through
tough times and me really needing
support because um it's been a tough end
of the year for me and even when I was
on the verge of self-destruction they
stuck by me and it's times like that
that make me realize how lucky and
fortunate I am to have very close family
so I was gonna maybe put it a bit lower
in the list but his family and I know
they're gonna be watching the videos so
I didn't know number three we're almost
there so my second best thing of 2008
had to be my album of the year which is
misery signals with controller and this
album saved my life and I think people
tend to underestimate music and this
album is just incredible now it's very
very heavy so a lot of you may not like
it for that but the technicality of it
just the melodic verse heavy parts of
the songs and especially especially the
lyrics are just mind-blowing and I find
that you know even when you're going
through tough times needed to tell on a
CD that relates to your situation it
gives you that sense of identity so if
any of you are in heavy music or any of
you would like to try some heavy music
misery signals controller it is a great
album and is therefore my album of the
year so left with one more thing what
could be the best thing of 2008 for me
I'm just gonna cut to the chase my
number one thing of 2008 was my true
friends why hello chaps and mistresses
unfortunately due to copyright reasons
we could not use the music that miles
wanted to use for friends however for
this contribution I will be having to
use both of my hands and therefore my
moustache must depart for a short period
of time so here we go my rendition of
the theme tune of friends that is all
tell me her and the reason I put that as
number one is and when you go through
tough situations in life you get a real
clarity of who your true friends are now
for me friends don't necessarily mean
people that you hang out with every day
and but it's just people that show
respect people that respect you for who
you are people who can lend their time
and people you can communicate openly
with and whether it's people i know
online or in the street and it's just
the most heartwarming thing when you're
in need of someone and they're there
with open arms sometimes literally and
they can be there to help you through
things because I'm
lately my life has been the toughest
it's ever been and for those who that
have been there for me I cannot thank
you enough because well let's just say I
needed it n I owe you one so thank you
thank you thank you and I mean a best
example was I went to a nightclub in
Reading last couple of weeks called
secure and when I was in there um I
don't normally stay till it closes I
normally get bored of nightclubs but I'm
literally are about 100 people were
there that I know from all walks of life
literally all walks of life people had
seen from four years ago people that I
may have seen earlier in the year or
people have been hanging out with lately
they were all there o our miles miles
and considering I've taken a lot of time
out and I was feeling very vulnerable
and very insignificant to have that and
to know your true friends and to fill
respects and be able to reflect that and
respect them in return I just think is
one of the most special things in life
and on that night that is my top 10
things of 2008 and therefore I put the
question to you what are your top 10
things and maybe they might be more
interesting than mine so I guess that is
it here's the 2009 Cheers I'm not
drinking this this has been on my
bedside table for a few days actually
it's probably matured a lot and probably
worth more in value than it was no
