so today I went to see the movie saw 5
and so I thought I just talked about it
like I do every year I'd have to say
it's very indifferent factor let's say
weird I get so paranoid at the moment
after seeing these films not the
prettiest thing ever I wore it to see
saw five this evening the past couple of
years I've started doing reuse of the
saw movies on YouTube and so I thought I
would continue it with reviewing saw
five but something I think that's
important to do before we discuss
sulfide is to put all the movies in
perspective of one another because I
mean you get reviewers online who always
criticize it on the basis it's a horror
movie that's grotesque and they hate the
first one and then they see a second one
so they can I hate it even more but it
keeps on coming it keeps on succeeding
at doing what it's there to do and so
they get more and more angry and of
course the ratings therefore go down
because of these professional critics
okay so I am a sore fan I'm not going to
deny that but at the end of the day if
you're going to see saw five I assume
that you are a fan or you're really
stupid and I've just sort of hated all
the movie so far but decide to keep on
watching them furthermore if you haven't
seen any of the saw movies so far and
someone is dragging you along to see it
don't because it links up all the
different movies together so far of the
jigsaw legacy so I said I was going to
pull the saw movies in perspective but
when I'm giving these marks out of 10
it's not on the basis of how they relate
to all the movies in the world but in
relation to each other within the saw
franchise so let's start with saw one I
gave it nine out of 10 now the story is
arguably original nothing is truly
original in life but it had this great
build up throughout to a climax which
can only be described as spine-tingling
when
it happens and when the music kicks in
I'd be pretty surprised to hear that
someone wasn't surprised by the outcome
and what is the main kaun of the first
movie it probably had to be the fact
that the acting was bad in areas saw to
you I give it seven out of ten the pro i
think is the fact that it steps out of
the original saw world and sort of
expands it all in a really interesting
way and it also humanizes this jigsaw
character a negative i'd say is the fact
that certain aspects the film would be
considered unprovable and unrealistic
now okay it is a horror movie the events
that happen on that realistic but there
are certain aspects of the build-up of
the story that you think mmm they could
have dealt with that a bit better so 3 I
give this one six out of 10 my least
favorite of the saw movies well starting
off of a pro again so it can't be that
bad it is a story which reveals a very
interesting layer to the jigsaw legacy
it is definitely a bridge between you
know that the past and the future of the
saw franchise I think the main reason I
didn't enjoy this movie was due to the
negative of the fact that a lot of the
acting in it just really got to me with
exceptions for shawnee smith and tobin
bell who plays jigsaw great performances
as always but there was just something
about the way the pace of the whole film
and just the way it was it just really
bugged me it just sits or seem sloppy so
for I gave this a hour 10 and I'd have
to say this is probably my favorite of
the law with exception to the first one
which is an original and can't be
touched in that sense the main positive
of this movie and the reason I liked it
so much was as well as a physical aspect
of grotesque murder they also had a very
emotive element to it dealt with very
sensitive issues and I think that's why
the first one got to me so much was
there are these moral dilemmas which I
feel that saw two and sort of three sort
of brought down a bit and really went on
just for the gore but so for although it
did have a lot of good
or it really did have some hard-hitting
moral dilemmas and sensitive issues
which i think are striking to the viewer
the negative however would have to be
the ending although it was a satisfying
ending it just felt a bit much of the
same you know after the third you know
the first saw had such a hard hitting
ending I guess we want something like
that again and we feel that you know the
Krays are saying well as long as we have
the music him and have sort of the
trademark then that would do so this
brings us to saw five now when I
normally see a saw movie I always have
to give it some time before I can give
it a real good analysis but obviously
made news video straight after so I have
disagreed with my previous videos but
with this i feel that straight away i
can get a good sense of what I made of
it it was a new director and I feel the
director did a great job and the general
pacing was very well done the directing
had this very new rule feel to it which
I really liked but this movie felt like
saw three which was a bridge more of a
setup for what is to come but without
spoiling what that is there specifically
I think it'd be fair to say that the
main trap of the five people it just
seems so disconnected and not completely
irrelevant but just it didn't really
have the significance to the main story
and therefore I was kind of disappointed
with that the girl was of course very
nice i think the traps one as innovative
as they make it out to be whenever I
write movies I always write it based on
my ability to watch it again and some of
you may disagree that's a bad way of
doing it but I feel for movies good you
know I will watch it again i will take
things differently each time well i
watched saw five again i think i will
but not as much as the others probably a
bit more than three and therefore i gave
this a rating of six out of 10 it's a
good movie it's a good step up on the
jigsaw legacy i think that a lot of
reviewers look at it as a film on its
own and go
oh it's you know about what you've seen
in other movies the other store movies
and therefore it's not all independent
and therefore they scrutinize it this is
for sore fans if you're at to saw five
now you are a sore fan because you
wouldn't be watching otherwise unless
there is something wrong with you I
think the biggest tragedy of this movie
was the fact that you know there wasn't
that much hype leading up to it maybe
they thought that the height machine was
the fan base itself the strange thing I
found leaning up this movie was the
tagline which was you won't believe how
it ends and this is the sad thing out of
all the saw movies if I had to put this
tagline with any of them saw five would
have been my last choice because
although the ending did have a little
twist to it the gem will feel when the
build up to what the twist was about was
no surprise to me and I really thought
they were going to pour site nicely if
they had survived the way it was and
then they had an extra twist on the end
of it you know because they bring in the
saw music the trademark and you know
that it's the end and I had this sense
of is the bit that we don't believe that
that isn't it and there's going to be
something else after it and it just ends
on that saw three although I felt you
know wasn't that great it revealed to us
something new sure so five has given us
facts about you know previous movies and
stuff that's happened but I just felt it
was very much more of the same it's like
well I know chicks'll this well and I
knew how it was going to pan out and for
that reason you won't believe how it
ends I guess I didn't because I thought
it was going to be better than that so
there you have it six out of ten I still
recommend you go and see it especially
if you're so fans if you've never seen
store before watch it from the start and
catch up before Halloween next year when
it is the final one I'd like to see the
original directors and writers and get
involved with the sick one by hear that
the script has already been done I just
really hope that within this time they
really really go for it
