thank you very much um my name is Brian
be nestled 1973 on YouTube and i came to
youtube about two years ago i was the
father of two kids who owned his own
business and needed an outlet to get
some creative juices flowing um i had a
three year old and a five month old son
and they took up a lot of my time and
youtube kind of gave me a break from
that I'm februari 17th 2007 my five
month old son Evan passed away from SIDS
and it was something that my wife and I
never expected and something that ended
up changing our lives when we were
preparing for his funeral we were at the
funeral home and there was another
family who lost a three week old child
who had been in the hospital and the
family could not afford to buy a casket
for their baby and knowing what it was
like to lose my child I couldn't even
imagine not being able to afford to put
my child to rest in a way that was
respectable and honorable so we started
the angel cheeks foundation it's in the
honor of my son
every year unfortunately children are
you able to die and families are stuck
with the cost watching your child died
can be the hardest thing in the world
but not being able to afford to pay for
the burial or your caused afterwards can
make an already difficult process even
more difficult I have three kids of my
own and I can't imagine what it would
feel like to have one of them pass away
if you could just donate to this
foundation it's something that's amazing
the families are going through so much
grief anyways let's help them out pay
for the the things that they don't have
to think about so it's a great
foundation check it out there are
millions of people on your tooth if each
one of them donated even one dollar you
can help so many families with that
money even if you don't have enough
money you can still help out by posting
new videos on YouTube about it spreading
her word even with one minute of your
time you can make a great contribution
to this College so please support this
organization you mean a lot if you all
could contribute to this wonderful
foundation I heard about this great
charity it's called angel cheeks and it
it's for all these parents that you know
lost import the most important thing in
their life and so if you can contribute
to this charity go ahead and do it
please help support the angel cheeks
foundation so join us for more
information please visit their website
at angel cheeks God man hey mg/dl see
hek293 stun it for this worthy cause so
it's not a lot donating your money be
cannot sit in at your time and help
when opening video responses on youtube
so the important thing is that no matter
where you are in the world
geographically that there is no barrier
online so please donate invest your time
whatever you can do every little helps
and it can start today so if you look at
the video that this is a response to
please do check it out please do spread
it around and hopefully together we can
make this foundation become something so
much greater and help the families in
the world that need the help they
deserve I would just like to thank Brian
for making the angel cheeks foundation
because of we all chip in we can make
the world a better place
