I now have another video since I've been
in seattle was a good reason for that
I've been here for six days it's my last
day and what if I done at the begin of
the week I was taken to wild waves which
was this water park theme park which is
pretty cool I was taken to a drag show
one night which was interesting yeah I
went to see Batman The Dark Knight at
imax it was awesome apart from that I've
been ill shivering a fever for like four
days so i'm in bed bound and it pretty
sucks and I was so worried I wasn't
really better for the weekend which is
I'm better now but unfortunately um
there wasn't much me to do a video on of
Seattle this week but Seattle pottery
that'll be up soon so when I came here
Brooke got me some gifts i did when i
get free the lovely gifts and she did
the makeup by the way which I pushed the
good job I already had the hair could
have used with a timid green I told her
back but she said it wasn't green and I
totally thought I was no so I'll of fame
for his gifts I got them right after I
had washed all the seasons of lost um
pretty much asleep on chilly right when
I forgot so I got him a drive shaft at
tour band t-shirt thing love tour dates
on there and then I got a bumper sticker
that says I survived like 815 I'm glad
he's alive then I got I'm ranch oh it's
down this and she got all this pink
wrapping yeah I know you'd like it pink
favorite color I didn't wear it to the
drag show by 14 she gonna say what the
drag show was about quickly it was not a
drag at least I got this fun saw share
and calm dog and the like part in it's
the best one in town right oh yeah is
the best in nine the best in Seattle and
then afterwards we went to a little
restaurant called dicks and I
that was quite appropriate I have three
dicks I have one that's probably why I'm
ill hahaha because i dont i I've seen so
many burgers Deeks is a fast food place
that doesn't really fast feed really
fast yeah is it's a lot faster no cuz
you go on this bear is there but that's
just the American Way that's cause it's
so busy it's a Seattle special no
Toronto 888 here I come Thank You Brooke
and for those either day mode what's
happening in five weeks time I don't
know what's happening
