hi I'm miles I'm Jamie what's up with me
is Chelsea is Tess hi guys how's it
going they can't respond kisses I know
but I said that anyway okay what is your
opinion on this new law that's been
passed in England blind people are now
announced drive the car as long as
they've got a guide dog in Pascal see
best ah yeah haha do you think us were
they doing here no okay what is your
opinion of this new law that's been
passed in England that blind people were
as a part of like anti discrimination
and they're allowed to drive cars now as
long as the guide dog is in the
passenger seat that's true yeah that's
fucked up yeah if you don't have a posse
in America no ruddy especially not in
Los Angeles people are retarded driving
us enough as it is really if they teach
dogs take bribe people around town
social they've to take teach them 20
directing the right I'm sure they could
but the thing is to is that cars stripe
much faster you know when people are
walking it's usually a dog space that
they were able to they're able to do
that when they're in a car a dog
probably won't know exactly what he's
guiding it made sense but conducts drive
well no but they still give direction
been in the blood stream as long as the
dog I think it's seat belt the seat
belts on the dog in pasture see I
wouldn't feel safe I mean okay you went
in fact you went sit in the back of a
blind o.o driving why not cuz I can't
the human say yeah if you can't see
you think they'd call sign America hell
no no what because I mean even though it
sucks because you know they can't help
it that the blind obviously in there the
disability so to speak it you have to be
able to see to drive but it's sort of
like it's a new part of light and the
discrimination say blind people are
equal to everyone else I mean most
people that can see can't even drive but
then you think about if it's under the
guide dogs discretion bedrest guide dog
kept ya been going to his name like
Brody put horns dream oh yeah but they
wouldn't do that America no you don't
think so at least not in Los Angeles
maybe Ana anywhere else in whether they
did in the country probably like where
I'm from originally that's cool
