so I came through this corridor and this
is where I'm going to be the in the
conference and this is andy he has been
helping me with this and I looked around
the corner and I'm gonna be from there
and it's not gonna be filled up though
luckily imagine that I have spoken in
front of this a room this size before
but I was rubbish at public speaking
then and I'm gonna be there that's a
really nice stand oh that's them so it's
thursday after the conference i did and
what a great day it was I wasn't sure to
expect from it but I've definitely
learned a lot in terms of blended
learning and the all these different
projects that are going on and my big
mug shot is gonna be up there oh yes and
this is gonna be broadcasted to Canada
and Australia live yes I was wondering
about 20 differences in it let's stay
enough so they've been eager geez the
amount of people that came up to me and
she the questions at the end there was
so much input I don't know how to
explain it because i always have
believed that this is such an underrated
medium to help with education and many
other areas of life but i think because
a lot of these people that applauded me
who are professors doctors and
specialists in this field and have said
such great things that I think it's
giving me the reassurance I need
I haven't and the speech which is a
problem well I sort of know the slides
but you know I'm not my videos I just
pretend i'm doing a video and then that
will fill up the 40 minutes pretty good
i can call you dr. richard poole no Cory
Richard ok with me is Richard from
university of prague de montfort
university unless that's here the
conference been talking primarily about
the use of web two tools sighs I don't
worry we're going to go against web
tools are primarily anything that's
could controllable workable changeable
by the user so you know might be a blog
or a facebook account or if they're
using so we can't all like delicious
which allows you to kind of carry around
your bookmarks and your resources that
you like but the critical thing is that
their own their own by you you don't
need to know web programming or anything
you can build your own stuff you can
control it and you let other people see
it and critiquing you feedback and that
kind of thing so bills networks and what
your goals in terms of how far do you
think you can go in the education system
and like what are the limitations of
stopping it from happening now because
we've got the tools now but the balloons
the limitations i think around people's
mindsets you know in terms of what how
they think that those tools should be
deployed to support students and support
learning primary mukherjee and we still
have this obsession with lectures and
seminars and essays and exams and it
locks it into particular ways of
thinking you know yet these are the
tools allow the participation allow us
to kind of work with other people
outside universe is again you know talk
to them about their worldview about what
they think about bits of content or
ideas or the outset aware and it allows
to bring those things back in
custom you know so some all abstracts
intelligence I think it is you know
pretty allows us to connecting kind of
more emotional ways as well you know
these thoughts hello you know allowing
to talk to you about politics or citizen
participation yeah or taking action you
know well we never talk about those in
higher education function yeah because
because we should be trying to work with
our students and ourselves of stuff you
know tomato wolf but place is about life
it is that why it's not about education
in your little box it's how do you
employ out there in the lecture I gave I
discussed the many skills I had obtained
from blogging over the past two years I
proposed how I believe that the
education system could benefit so much
if blogging was to be implemented into
the system now our key elements all this
is how I began blogging and what
attracts me to the idea of broadcasting
yourself to the world I of course
mentioned how Peters geriatric 1927 s
first video gave me the first push and
how the video responses people posted to
that made me realize we all have a
chance to be heard I thought you know
can I be mad I'll give it a go so surfer
camera video is uploaded it and I think
within 24 hours we've got about 20 years
but compared to you know without me
doing it that was a step up we'd all
agree and i had about 1 or 2 comments
that people who said interesting views
and the other discussion with comments
and that was the star now two years on
I've obtained over thirteen and a half
thousand subscribers I've had over
almost four million views and it has
given me so many opportunities in life
like what I'm doing here today and it
has made me evolve as a person now this
is I'm very passionate about and the
reason I'm here today is to talk about
how it can help the education system
because if anything can help develop us
those individuals as as people we should
use
any medium we can as possible and I
think just from doing stuff like this
it's really nice to sort of use my
passion in a constructive sense because
it's all I've ever wanted to do and I've
had to really self motivate such things
you know on YouTube of all the projects
that do it's because I really really
want to get the message out there and
you know is paying off now I just want
to say that the thing about looking that
feels to me the most is some people tend
to disagree and that's fair enough I
work in a discussion later and is that I
think it's one of the purest forms of
creativity now what do I mean by that
now the purest all the creativity is the
fact that you take anything that song
might do they might like to report news
articles they might going to play in a
band they may do art or they've made
like to speak about philosophy or
politics now all these elements can be
incorporated into a video you can use
bits of everything we can use just one
and a site like YouTube gives you the
ability to push all this out there and
to see if you can follow other people on
the same wavelength so it allows to show
you like this now i'm just going to show
you now a clip of when i started two
years ago and you will see how I've
actually changed
hey everyone those miles has a lot of
you probably know Sartorius owe me a
message on understand my space are you
telling you I won't let you finish too
much already you can see I'm slouch in
I'm help looking at the camera
completely and there's lots of
confidence I mean it takes a degree of
confidence to put yourself out there I
was you know it's all about they're not
sure about it now I would processor two
years I've managed to go from plug into
going to events last year in the summer
I went to America where I actually
stayed around the homes of people who
watch my videos know many people think
as crazy there's a lot of negative media
in the needs but I believe that you know
the people who put themselves out there
they do it in hope that other people
will be treating themselves so from that
I become speaker at gatherings
organizers government what people in the
online community came together which I
believe signifies and symbolizes the
fact that you know these are real people
with real lives and furthermore it is
led to television I'm you're on vine and
I come from a wonderful city it's a
Calgary Alberta but miles just in terms
of context I work for both the
University of Calgary and a college
that's just in the process of becoming a
university right certainly hertfordshire
get a while ago and valued idea no it's
over in Calgary so you just come out of
specialist just unhealthy here as miles
again just as you mentioned your
presentation it's been fast
I've been involved with this conference
for three years now yes so the first
year I even get to come is we just did
my session using technology which was
wonderful but you don't get any sense of
community and again as mentioned miles
earlier when am I it's been wonderful I
think the networking opportunities when
Syme here are great except physically
here but I think we haven't tapped into
how we can create that sense of
community with these sort of gatherings
online yeah that's interesting because I
did you see the Second Life program
you're a better bike lane your little
bed basic always a favor within this
virtual world you go to classes you sit
on that chair in a virtual world and I
think the thing people tend to
misinterpret is as good as good as it is
a virtual world yep you need the
connection from virtual to real world
because if people only learn to learn in
a virtual world how they cope in the
outside world and the big thing about
this is your identity as a member of an
online community now online community is
something which I can talk to switch
from the health of the end of time but
it is the fact that the reason you to be
so successful is the fact that it's not
just the website way on my videos is
where people can communicate and people
can get their ideas together and there
is something sort of filling in the gaps
because we need individual videos so in
terms of Education it be bridging the
gap between teachers and students which
tends to happen a lot of lectures dr.
Richard who actually places a blog about
my lecture and his views on it the
evening after I made it which is
available if you go to the description
box but he was also happy to explain why
my lecture appealed to him in the talk
we had the next day well I said it was
so any time to come to conferences and
you hear really really important stuff
about in terms of how to improve
them in terms of students to work
together collaboratively or engagements
or lightning or whatever it might be
basically our experiences yeah and it's
not cooling student and I think that's
critical writing from the actual person
who this thing is being done to you know
ice and I think the critical thing about
what you what you use your blog for
really me is that your view of the world
connecting to other people and
respecting their use and how that
changes your wealthier than have enabled
you to reflect writers / CA but also
then reflect on what we're doing in the
curriculum you know I mean yeah kind of
thing it strikes me from what you've
thought about for Alec seeing you too
can that you're thinking about your
assessments oh um all around you where
you are now I've done videos on stuff
that I've actually learned in lectures
and discuss their an underlying basis
you know I'm one of these links we got
we got some really great students who
talked about the fact that they will use
myspace or they will use own YouTube in
order to present their work tip feedback
from other people who they trust you
know yeah just why why we're locking
ourselves into small groups known as a
world of information of other people
others in bed with and finally value
systems the fact knowing who you are
Stephanie discovering who you are and
what you have offer his education
process in learning tools and then being
able to use them in the outside world
and already because just watching your
presentation yesterday in that little
YouTube clip they have hope you know how
Gordon Brown the government suddenly
decides you're going into what i find is
there was a fellow canadian marshall
mcluhan
talking about how we really are shape
these tools that it's two ways shaping
us and what I find our generation is
trying to use these tools to change the
hottest practices right we r smiles
honestly for you folks you don't have
that that baggage that we do the history
so I'll be honest is totally natural I
live in a world where it used to be
version one version to version 3 and I
still you know my generation calls at
web 2.0 s up they have a go with your
generation think of them even something
like Google or YouTube you ever hear
about YouTube bringing our version 12
you don't know that it's just again
that's made on the fly it's not suddenly
okay we've got all these bugs now we
have to wait and that was over as one is
exactly oh the next version of the vle
in version 3.5 or 300 that'll fix that
bug but when you think of these social
networking applications i can't think
facebook you two in any of them there's
never versions interest because it's an
iterative process and it's based on that
community feedback and we need to think
of again there's these the perp the
tools they're wonderful but at the end
of the day we have to remember there's
people making a lot of money
appreciation on facebook but there is a
whole other group there is well a
community of sort of open source
educational tools in terms of Voe is
being created there's some wonderful
they dim dim YZ can't remember all that
terminology but that's where i find it's
really fascinating because the community
is involved not only in terms of using
these tools for communication
opportunities but in terms of revising
and bridging them yeah and I guess what
not even a metaphor is community
but the fact that because it's people's
ideas coming together it's the way the
world should be developing their
education is not about just teaching
tools s about sharing and evening
blogging is perhaps the superior of all
the web two point nine things I is
superior on the word I'm having my
second point is that we have to offer
that kind of approach the students we
have to say something does does this
help you reflect on your work on
yourself this opportunity not restricted
it if you have to be yeah and sometimes
people need to make more tools available
to our students and talk about how
they're going to use say well you may
good to see you can make a decision you
make a decision about your own which
super monkey otay you know you probably
know someone about without funny image
or an allegory not going to another's do
you take actually gonna buy that
newspaper what are they making decisions
all the time if you make decisions about
tools and power is a critical thing
Buicks bargain you know for being social
networking taught courses of courses you
know they're really powerful things that
we use in mind but i think you know I've
now been asked to do workshops all
around the country for universities and
that and it's like I don't understand
why youtube doesn't do this because
there's so much potential with people
talking about their experiences and I
think that it's not that YouTube don't
understand it they do understand it but
I just don't think they're investing
enough in the transfer from the online
community to the real world I mean they
invest a lot of time in the online
community but it doesn't just end there
it's the fact that this can actually
revolutionize the world yeah I think so
thanks bro JS files and yeah
Beyonce okay there you thank you very
much just we were good yeah and
something dr. Richard hull said was the
fact that he will be all sort of
enforcing the democracy into into the
world by giving everyone a voice which i
think is such a great thing
