it's now been two years since i started
youtube and what I can't believe how
quickly it's gone looking back I've seen
lots of phases where particular forms of
progression have happened and how I've
developed as a person how I've developed
a creating videos and just how my life
is developed overwrought when it's been
incredible now when most people get to
an anniversary they tend to do
highlights but as you probably aware
I've killed that to death pretty much
five times over so I thought I'd do
something else and that was two per
question out to everyone who is watching
this video now and that question is why
do you watch my videos now there are
many elements this is the fact that I do
a wide range of videos or do some
serious on their entertaining and some
people say to me oh I didn't subscribe
to you for this reason and some people
like the variety and so when I place
this question out there if you could
just write a paragraph to describe in
detail why you do watch my videos why do
you watch me or even do a video response
and I'm just really interested to hear
people's use now this can be positive
you enjoy fine if I um be inspired maybe
it's helped you through a situation I've
had many emails in the past where people
have got through problems and it's great
to know this is a medium in which it can
happen on the masses but if you could
post a comment and you know so other
people can also see that be great but I
don't want it to come across as a way
for me to boost my ego because if you
want to truly develop as a person it's
good to tackle the negative effects
so the other side of it is doing if you
watch my videos but have had negative
things that occur because of it do some
of them make you feel uncomfortable do
some of them you disagree with strongly
and so do any of them cause a negative
effect or maybe some aspects of my
videos are neutral and it'd be great to
see your thoughts and by all means
discuss it with other people you may
find that you may make a friend or two
of other people who are within this
collection of people who watch my videos
I spent a lot of time when I get the
chance to chat with people who are
watching my videos reach the stickam
live chattering through emails and free
comments and it's interesting how a lot
of people chat just me but they don't
chance the people next to it may place
the comment or a chat in the library so
this may be a chance to get together and
you may make some new friends I think
that's it I just want to end on a
massive thank you for people who are
supporting me from over the past few
days the past few hours just this video
or even from the beginning two years ago
it's been a great journey for me
I know that there's still a long way for
me to go without you guys I wouldn't be
doing this I made these videos because
it's what I'm passionate about it's what
I love to do but the fact that people
watch it and like to contribute and show
their appreciation and you know
subscribe for watching it on a regular
basis that's surreal to me and I know a
lot of people can relate to that and I'm
really really grateful so that's it i
leave you with the question why do you
watch my videos thank you and Elliot's
the next time
