now the Prime Minister has launched a
digital version of PMQs on YouTube where
users are invited to post questions for
him online I'm delighted to launch this
new exciting new initiative with YouTube
this would be a regular event I'll be
here to answer your questions
politicians get a chance in Prime
Minister's question time and other
question times I think it's time the
public had a chance yes it's your turn
members of the online community will
vote for their favorite submissions to
ask the PM which will be answered in the
same format by Gordon Brown himself it's
being seen as an attempt to reach out to
younger voters and to prove that darling
street has dragged itself into the
digital age let's hear some of the
questions which have been posted so far
YouTube is like this huge online
community thing where we talk share
opinions share videos what I want to
know is why is it on every single video
and on your main page that you don't
allow comments is there anything going
to be done about the cost of living in
Britain because it is far too expensive
it's ridiculous I thought I'd make an
effort with my jazzy look you should try
Gordon I think it would see very very
well my question to you Prime Minister
is do you believe that freedom of speech
has been restricted and political
correctness has in fact gone mad with me
now is miles died he's very
considerately worn the same clothes he
deserted that in the house coming by the
next one is an active member of the
YouTube community it was one of the
first to post his question for gordon
brown on the ass the PM site now miles
do you really think that you're going to
discover something you didn't know by
posting that question I think we're
going to get a great deal of honesty
from the Prime Minister because he's on
a an aspect now which he's exposed and
I'm placing in question everyone's going
to see my question and then everyone's
going to see how he's editing it and how
he's replied so if he doesn't response
the question he's played the rules wrong
although you've got I mean you post the
question don't you and then people are
going to vote on whether or not they
think that your question is good enough
to go to him but you don't necessarily
control you know you cannot you can put
to him a question about a and he could
answer B and you're not necessarily
going to have any recourse back to him I
think that we've comments on the videos
in that it gives
perspective of what is exactly being
asked i mean i can speak with other
people who watch my videos and which to
address a point and if he does if he
misses the point completely then that's
going to be a lack of exactly and
hopefully he understands that or else
it's not very so you think it's do you
think it's something that I mean do you
think that people who are normally quite
politically engaged are just going to do
this kind of thing or or does it have
appeal to a wider community would you
for example if you heard of some public
event go along and asked Gordon Brown
questions or is this giving special
access I think because it's in your own
home it gives you a much more of an
opportunity I mean if you could write a
letter early you know that you send that
letter so if you don't hear a response
no one's going to know but if there's a
lot of questions and the most popular
ones are there and they haven't been
answered once again it exposes him okay
and what are you hoping to learn from I
mean at the end of this process what do
you think the results gonna be I just
think we're good for him bad for him I
don't know it all depends how he plays
it we're going to know if politicians
are ready to use this technology because
I'm in the past it's been ok it has been
a bit embarrassing isn't it yeah it's a
trendy thing I guess ok we're twinsies
ok well thanks very much for joining us
that's it from us tonight the address of
our website was very cool should we on
the screen around now love for news is
back tomorrow date so see you then good
night
you
