hello everyone just to let you know that
the YouTube team you stage will be
returning to the BBC show up staged for
the quarterfinals Marlon in the Navy
heart name suri ominous man hello I
think you need to go run yes there we
are joya by the walk game it's the most
importantly you're probably wondering
Wendy need to tune in to see us when do
you need to be on to vote for us free
p.m. starting from monday which is on
the twenty-fourth i was just reading it
there at the 24th of march and if we get
through the quarterfinals against Terry
odd-job man we will be through to the
semi-finals which will be on friday the
28th i was looking at it again and then
if we get through the semi-finals is
through to the grand finals which will
be on sunday the 30th of march me
she's water were close to it thank you
so much for the support you've shown us
already it's just amazing to see the
community how its pulled together and
how you've all supported us so so well
eyelash you've never seen anybody break
dance in my life lies just wonder does
anybody here actually no it's break
dance I'm are we allowed to take this up
yeah yeah yeah you like to go down to
your boxes oh why you should have said
that yeah suggestions in now please okay
we're taking part in upstage to show the
world exactly what the internet
community is all about and of course
what it can achieve if we win this
competition will be investing 2,000
pounds four thousand dollars into
hosting the biggest UK gathering yet so
please please help us make this happen
it's not break thats what it oh you know
just taking a nap quickly really oh this
is more young thing for the promotion
video you know what it is he sent an
email um yeah you can ID out whatever
you like this obviously don't use this
I'll poor thing here don't use this part
can I can I just make it official I
think that was the worst I the idea is
we take challenges but at the same time
you got to realize it's got to be good
Madame is not good it's not insane to me
we've come such a long way and we need
your votes now more than ever all you
have to do is log on to the BBC upstage
site at BBC dr dot uk' forward slash
upstaged while we're on that you can
vote for us every three minutes and if
you could do that were five stars it'll
be fantastic I just wrote down love
because it's Valentine's Day Valentine's
Day is coming up and if you're watching
and I love you Weaver stand it can be
boring supporting us alone but nothing
to fear we have a chat room where all
the youth stage community can hang out
cracking if you go to use stage co uk
link you'll find a live chat that you
can join or in the box this will be
hosted by some you stayed friends you
can all go in there talk to each other
while you're watching cracking has gone
off like a sad puppy yeah of course we
can do feedback miles and he's gonna so
oh no mouse is going to write some XD
poetry anyway yes yeah pause a clip for
something and a pen and a pregnant with
the show finished streaming around
nine-fifteen p.m. but millennium square
and Bristol show Manor and if you wish
to come down and spectate that means not
only we're going to watch us for six
hours I were performing but you're also
be able to see the results coming live
and also be in the audience for the live
BBC three entry with Scott Mills what do
you get sweets eating as much as an
elephant eats but are you out getting
leave at what do you think will come of
that I don't like the look of it the
baby sea will have a meter buried before
the show goes line as well so you won't
be expected to wait out in the cold
interested on being on TV after a hard
day's work of outing then email upstaged
at endemol UK dot-com you know what
we've when you're up so we will Dave
come to the realization that we should
stop saying bebe silicone EK / upstage
because they're already on that site
that's how they're watching it unless
there's some BBC reference me BBC wanted
to do people know that actually you can
just press right button them because you
wanted to and our little faces will pop
up right on your tiny screen that good
so if we are to get through the
quarterfinals the semi-finals and on to
the grand final that is 18 more hours we
need to complete of entertainment okay
I've just got some news in guys um yep
yep game awkward silence so if you have
any ideas if you have any feedback from
previous shows anything that you think
will improve our performance be as
creative as you want just send it to our
personal email address which is you
stage 2008 at gmail com firstly Matt I'm
asking to just tell us very briefly
about who you are what you do on the
Internet basically I make videos
cracking if there's anything you've
missed during this video feel free to
look at it in the description box or
watch the video again favorite it
comment it right it send it around just
please spread the word because this is
something that is so precious to me the
rest of the team and the community
itself and if you can be a part of it
hopefully we can make this thing special
and something that's going to be
effective in getting the message out
there of what community can truly
achieve say thank you and a dios the
next time cracking
