in fragile x are mine declines and right
now my heart Quivers frail demise with
so much going for me it's just not truly
what I want it to be no one understands
what it would take for me to be free
patience is a virtue by question if this
be true because it must take place from
both perspectives for all 253 of giving
you time all time that was mine and
there is still so much more than can be
spent on making things by
before I surround us continue to grow
and flower the yet to show you are yet
to understand that until you take my
hand I will keep you forever by my side
and together we shall feed the tide of
all these things the world froze ass we
must keep up the trust if finally we are
to look to the ground our potential
failure would be found humans are
special because they exploit intentional
action so let's not give destiny in
undesirable reaction let our spirits and
up the path free and allow ourselves to
become one melody and finally we begin
to leave this same progress the end our
happiness will reconvene the forest
around us has stopped to grow as your
faintness destroyed the moments that you
said you would take my hand because
you're just too fucked up to understand
I have been pushed down to the lowest of
low my heart annihilated by your tide so
with all this that was supposed to be
what the world throws at us it was you
all along who would be as this trust now
without even taking a look to the ground
your potential failure has been found
humans are special because they exploit
intentional action
and you've proved this right such sick
satisfaction so now I leave this path
free after all you've done to me with
blackened melody and I finally leave
this scene but still wishing it could
have been you and I with happiness that
reconvenes such bitter bones have been
left alone because somehow between us
there echoes a different time I nice
situations can heal when the concerns
existing are so real just please dig
deep and tell me what you feel
I forgive my forget whilst I green live
and regret all because in all situations
my heart has one big effect I reach out
so unsure of how much more I can endure
I'm overwhelmed with these emotions I'm
so desperate for a cure just look into
my eyes and see no despise I now realize
the only thing left to do is crying
you
