hi youtubers I had played for seven six
how's it going
so a year ago pretty much spot-on now
saw three was released and I'm a huge
store fan
and for some reason is my highest viewed
video of all time so people say multi
and do a review of this one so be honest
the abbreviated last year wasn't much of
a review was just mixed slide ramble oh
my god I just saw the movie it was so
good but you know giving criticisms and
a lot of things with horror movies like
saw is a many film critics just because
it is a horror and it does have cool
disregard it's been a good movie
thinking unnecessarily cool and it still
over rights and distort sort of the
overall you say horror fans people who
are in stats or thing can't really get a
good taste of light was it a good horror
movie I'm just gonna give a quick recap
of what made at the past three films
before getting so for the song one bath
pace really good independent video a
great starter very claustrophobic and
one of my all-time favorite movies still
sitting better storyline background the
traps Twitter to the next stage a bit
more of a Hollywood style film style
well you know having the independent
field team acting was bothered me a bit
more in that one and the twist was
really good but although some good
question it wasn't quite as good as the
first one which was so epic and sharp
and more clever saw three it was good
with the underlying aspects in which it
explains the background point the
previous two movies and how it linked
all three together but the actual trap
and the storyline of the main concept of
sulfur II I didn't really enjoy it was
slow paced the action was terrible in my
opinion but the gore and the traps were
good
as always and I saw that for a trilogy
it was a good suburb as an independent
film it wasn't that good when I say
independent I'm not saying in the story
that was made but in terms of that on
its own separates us all to him one
Saussure fool and you know still find
the six of you know all been announced
because when made these cost a couple a
few million dollars to make i'm sure the
budget stuff more now and they're making
over one hundred and fifty million
dollars on box-office like a studio are
going to say time to cash in with its
franchise which is a shame but the
writers I'm sure thinking you know we
should step back we don't want our
vision spoil so free that's enough we
better leave it at that
but of course if they can keep making it
if I was they might be like well I can
make money but safe I don't want anyone
else tampering with my vision if it's
going to have to go on I want to be
involved so Darren Bauman he did sorta
very got involved and the writers of the
originals you know in going both as well
I went into this movie thinking I'm
going to see the most appalling movie
ever foresaw saw three I was really
disappointed with overall and four they
should have left it there and I thought
what am I going in to see just come back
from it now it was amazing no kidding
what made it also so good it was the
fact that his past place like saw one
that Swiss were a clear-cut they were so
complicated they throw you around the
place but they all made sense he cannot
assume what not having to think about it
for ages I mean in some Americas but in
the last two it was a bit more abstract
but this was a clear-cut and you feel
like wow that was a roller coaster ride
the gore is horrific there are sensitive
issues in it there's a lot more emotion
with carrots build-up
I'm not going to give much the story
away or the twists but it in raptures
all four movies in total
where can it go from here I don't want
to say it amid a terrible because
they've actually freaked me wrong I'd
have to say this is probably the
best saw movie although number one I say
is the best because it is the original
original which has a untouchable element
that you know that's the archetype of
such a great concept so I'm going to say
if you are a fan of horror movies if
you're a fan of saw see this one it's
fast paced like the first one and it if
thrashes saw three so often it was
necessary because it obviously built up
onto this one and soar to it's much
better than that I mean I don't want to
drag on with this because I did it with
my last review but I'm just giving you a
exciting I've just come out the cinema
has seen a sort thing so seesaw
Watergate blur so you see for these
little feasel so seesaw for today or
tomorrow all that they are done whenever
you can don't wait for it to go on DVD I
just saw in a cinema and they use
digital projection now because usually
used to get the black speckles from all
the film from the projector but these
digital I've never seen that before and
the quality was fantastic for any sort
man you just have to see this I mean I
don't even have to tell you that for
those video are horror fans definitely
see it for those of you who weren't
really keen on particular sword movies
before
or really like waiting wrapped up
together or it's overrated
check out sore talkative I think the way
I think you'll be overwhelmed with the
fact that this will come back with
something that like you know what we
need to really show that a fourth movie
can be successful and it truly is
interesting to see what the main reviews
are from most film critics about they'll
be that positive but I hope it to be
surprised I think we made mine
difference so thank you for this thing
so this casual with you it's awful go
see it now and that is till next time
