almost eight o'clock in the morning
coming just about to head out now I'm
just been getting ready every day I was
given an email from a lecturer who does
I think it's the head of teaching at
this university of hartford sure he saw
my videos was interested and now i am
heading off to a lecture in front of the
first year students who are training to
be primary school teachers don't know
how many there's going to be that I
think there's going quite a few and I'm
basically doing a 10 to 15 minute
lecture about my videos so I'm it sounds
like everything's already kicking off so
let's see how it goes
everyone for permission the
delicious behind me
we've got my YouTube thing on the front
page
you want to picture me
this is overused
I guess I'm going to start now I've done
three nights and that's about it so it
should be very interesting so welcome to
unit 7 believe it or not today's
lecturers who know it's called observing
children and I've sent your full of
emails i think you know there's been a
slight change to the project and i
managed to jump down my desires the new
i showed you the log off that's right
below that while all about that loss of
his page on you too
you do not log in last week so having
actually found miles I invited him this
morning to come along just talk to you
for 10 or 15 minutes before actually
start the lecture on his mobs about why
he blogs and well I think I'll just
leave it there really or I've hand over
two miles so how's it going people don't
be intimidated by the camera fur so does
anyone have any objections to being on
the video cuz I'm that's my next vlog
soap up your hand now if you've got
objection good okay as everyone use
YouTube before yeah does anyone have any
accounts show hands right awesome so I
do blog in which is usually hat standing
here with a camera a lot of you know a
lot of people thinking what the hell's
going on right now because I'm just
standing here talking to a camera now
but this is what I normally do a year
ago I wouldn't have the confidence to
just stand here and talk to a camera
like this in a group here in front of
people and that I've never done a
lecture like this and so I'm using my
skills i guess from doing videos to talk
into a large group of people now I'd
like this recorded so is anyone willing
to be a cameraman or camerawoman for
just the next 10 minutes yeah it's
alright balsam it's a league-low they're
all you need to do is hold it very still
no pressure or anything okay
so yeah I do you block it on YouTube and
it hurts over a year now how it's gone
sir out today I this very very strange
because I don't know if any of you know
the geriatrics 927 he was on the news a
year ago an eight year old man who did
blogging and everyone was like this is
quite strange but enabling he got
worldwide publicity give the video
responses in which there was one of the
video 30 day night and you can say you
know the response you can get full and
it I saw someone's videos once i thought
you know I've got to have a voice so i
started my video and each panel I need
to turn it can I turn it hey it was
easier for me to do that that's good and
so I voice my opinion and people in this
case I what we have to say this is
ratalie people but that's enough for me
cited videos every day I started off
doing really branded of stone
right now see the stuff the first guest
is jeremy affeldt of the Jeremy Kyle
show the Jericho drinking game we drink
every time you such a catch phrase and
what I went up there to be any
organization came out within a team in
front of everyone about it and that's
when it first hit me like wow people do
watch this and it was really really
strange so what do I get out there well
I've met a lot of great people and of it
I mean people just slide off the
internet thinking it's an insecure form
of communication in which it's just for
the pedophiles and people who are you
they say they are but in fact it's just
the way media does it I mean it's friend
buy it because you have newspapers and
TV and you know second petition YouTube
is an honest form in which people can
just express themselves as a site is no
sense assuming there is negative clever
way to say or else it doesn't fit to
attention conditions and they can remove
it but on the whole you do have exposure
and I said to have in the past year i've
had over 15 million views which is a lot
but i know for a lot of other people
they've got a lot more I've going two
hundred videos and it's just I'm just
trying to learn how to put it it's just
the fact that when you do begins like
this you just transfer in camera you
don't know who's on the other end and
then
go to the camera you just allow emotion
and you just honest of it because you've
got no one interrupting your
conversation you've got no more
questioning what you're doing and when
you put the video up there it's too late
you know it's nice up there now and I've
got videos in the past which of course
controversy and it's gone up your paper
mission but you just learning like that
it was a quote you can place some people
some of the time but you can't please
all people all the time and I think
that's very true so what can you get out
I mean was it's relevant for today I
mean I try carve a few points hopefully
they're valid communication skills as I
said I've never done a lecture before I
think we've been doing anything like
this studied public speaking I'm a
secondary school Oh two years ago and I
was rubbish today at the time and I
think with communication skills when you
do a video you're sure you can edit it I
mean if you are now you to college
itself but if you just lie the time
we're going to start trying all the
stuff you find that you do come all
fluent you're trying to fall comes a lot
better and you can make the heretical
discussions which I is not little I hope
you do that and it's also like gives you
a chance to sort of point out who you
are I when you watch yourself in video
yes I did watch myself on video it's not
needed Mario me so it's looking back
that I've done better self-evaluation
also when I see video responses of
people you know I let us say
my stuff and how people respond to and I
also learned stuff from what other
people think and with community like EG
a lot you don't admit there is a
community that there is there are people
out there okay so on the internet but we
do me up on the other and you keep going
I originally organized one in the centre
london fashion way to find clip is a
sandwich people say I know yes this was
that and I organized it two weeks ago
I'm gonna start talking is below my man
and I swear it on a gathering and away a
little bit laughing with you turn around
who's here what everybody so far
and that was likely a result and if you
go down here there's 91 video responses
to people who have posted their stories
what happened that day and I've met a
local people I've never 600 people
through the internet 3d teaching
gatherings i went to new york for did a
tour of the space where i spent a week
in LA I stayed with someone who watched
my videos you said i'll pick you up from
the airport and i thought sure then I
strange and as I loved it San Francisco
sorry watch my videos fans then I did a
couple of days in New York where was a
New York every and just I'm s excited
people and I've not made one enemy I
mean there are people that you might
disagree with but it slightly disagree
with opinions and slightly uncomfortable
inclusion it is you can agree to
disagree with people and with that you
can progress with your ideas and that
goes on to my next point which is the
distribution right is you can discuss
things you learn things you learn that
we don't all agree on the same thing in
life if it's religion if it's just
philosophies or what no tip ideas in
general and from discussing it you find
that you have a Greek people he can
appeal to and if you stick in it and
hold closely to those people
is you know about one person watching my
video which is what it started off with
and that one person appreciates what
I've had side effects on one person I'm
just lucky now that every time I do bx x
6000 years and 24 hours it's just crazy
and a lot people use YouTube to do
stupid stuff like watching some fool
downstairs perhaps love that watch that
sort of stuff by the movie burn I say
there's a bit more credibility for with
what I did what people do other since
it√≠s because there's a point to it and
although it doesn't get them I 62 it
gets quality of youth is people who will
watch it and get something from it when
I was that EEG gathering there was this
girl female with me guess I'll send you
an email I was like what she ever going
to use an eye on the world so I'm not so
sure than she explained issue and she
was something to definitely depression
she was in the edge and she sent me an
email and she goes on they don't know me
and I said well yeah faintly but here's
some ideas of what you can do i said
before then I the whole situation i
parked anything and she mailed me a
life's going up now on just from taking
the time a couple of minutes to reply to
someone else on and for me that's not
arrogant it's like preach about stuff
like this is me and if I talked about
this in my latest video because I'm
going to be a glamour with what
arrogance is it just tried it myself to
earn the great extent of that but in
fact maybe this is the fact that I'm
doing something good and because I'm
acknowledging that i want to do it more
on reach out to more people I'm going to
see helpful people say yes or are really
going to cyanogen ask your questions
question ok I just wanted to give
everybody some ideas which if they
wanted the city their thinking or what's
ok miles you've obviously know what you
do but have some people here thinking
they'd like to make it long can you give
them some guidance or actually point
them in the direction of one of your
dogs appreciate sure plumbing I'll show
you my very first day which is shows was
to be like
it's a lot of videos and this is what i
did not even water stuff for a succubus
you share so again slums just what used
to be like you know the manner of it and
the finger blogging also if you do get
to editor if you in a tanky and that
that's cool but I'm you find a table as
nice as your practice there's any other
place what's a questions let's stop at
the back there okay well this is a
people of even our system or video I was
going to do one box on the round to it
Oh about ten years ago little kids plan
p games here by school fool yourself
blame and then his with taken and yet
choose a number chase 376 I'm trying to
find that interesting strict deadlines
and of the ER anyone hasn't
