I feel safe in stupid right now because
I've come back into our room I've just
come back and my left ear is completely
screwed because the swimming pool water
so it's blocked and as I was like I'd
dump all my laundry underneath the left
the the desk by my bed as I did our
sauce like moving a saint in the corner
there but my vision is not good enough
and I swear it's twitching I don't know
what that is and I hate spiders yes so I
might look at that I'll keep turning the
light on trying to find out is somebody
use this to zoom in so this is the first
time I'm going to see a good zoom up a
bit if this freaks me out i'm getting
over but i'm only wearing a towel which
isn't good so here goes nothing and if
you can see it
what is it
can't tell what it is see I swear is
moving
I hate when your mind plays tricks on me
because now I'm going to go under here
but it won't book my mileage you can do
this what is it
Khan tell what it is it's a bit of fluff
it's not even a solid object I'm such an
idiot
yet it was just a bit of fluff my
coordination is completely messed up all
because of my ear I feel stupid adios
