hey everyone hope all is well the world
currently faces some very serious
challenges and so I find it quite
troubling to see a huge disconnect
forming between the general public and
to institutions that are supposed to
serve us the media and the government it
is the latter of these two things that I
wish to focus on in today's video
firstly though I'd like you to consider
the issue of climate change it is very
easy in life to surround yourself with
like-minded people with those who share
similar values and ideas what I like to
try and keep it varied it helps broaden
your horizons see other perspectives and
challenge your own ideas and therefore I
actually know quite a few people who are
climate change deniers and it has led to
some pretty interesting conversations
many climate change deniers say it is a
hoax that governments use as a pretext
for raising taxes on the general
population there is actually some truth
to this statement but unfortunately
half-truths can sometimes be more
dangerous than a complete fabrication
the suspicion often arises because
government's proposed policies around
taxing carbon and fuel consumption
whilst investment in renewable energy
projects is hardly visible this actually
creates skepticism of government from
both sides of the argument on the one
hand those concerned with climate change
may feel that their government is not
taking this threat to human existence
seriously enough and or are being
corrupted by the influence of special
interests and on the other hand those
who are climate change deniers may think
well if it really is such a catastrophic
issue wouldn't our governments be
showing more urgency in action or
ineffective action by governments can
cause the public to lose sight of
genuine problems and their solutions
let's now look at another topic where
this process has occurred immigration
life is very complicated and so sparking
public debate with questions that
discourage nuanced thinking like is
immigration a problem can be both
divisive and unconstructive for example
an increasing population within a
country raises the demand for housing
and pub
services such as health care and
education in isolation this would make
the answer to the question is
immigration a problem be yes yes it is a
problem now consider that a vast number
of studies looking into the effects of
UK immigration in recent decades have
shown that those coming in have made a
net contribution to the economy and have
helped increase aggregate demand the
rise in a population not only increases
the supply of labor but the demand for
it too and so if you took this piece of
information in isolation the answer to
the original question would be no
immigration is not a problem do you see
where I'm going with this unfortunately
money brought into the country from
immigration hasn't always been invested
back into the public services that are
needed to support rising population
levels some members of government say
immigration and globalization is great
for this country it brings us so much
wealth but to the millions of people
living in areas where public services
are suffering cuts infrastructure is
crumbling jobs are difficult to find and
the cost of living is going up they are
left thinking what are they talking
about are they living on another planet
the Westminster bubble as it's known
here the Washington bubble in the US and
I'm pretty sure there are many other
named bubbles around the world that you
can tell me about if governments made
the right amount of investment across
the entire country especially in areas
where immigration has been high
immigration would become much less of an
issue in mainstream political discussion
so like is the case with climate change
if government officials aren't upfront
and honest with the public whether due
to incompetence or negligence this
doesn't just create skepticism around
one issue but it creates cynicism of the
entire political structure to this can
be incredibly dangerous in the long term
because it means when politicians have
identified genuine problems and
solutions and then communicate them to
the public they may have already lost
the trust of those they are meant to be
serving and thus the public ends up
rejecting effective ideas that could
help them all because they no longer
have faith in the messenger quarterly
reports a media driven by drama as
opposed to fat checking and short
election side
coolz means the priority for politicians
is to obtain power we have a political
system that doesn't seem to harness the
collective will power required for
long-term prosperity we need radical
change urgently in the context of
climate change this is a very scary
situation to be in because biology
physics natural law doesn't give a damn
about the deficit employment levels or
the economy of nation states our planet
just responds to how much carbon is
released into the atmosphere and the
ways in which our resources are
exploited so our generation has a major
challenge ahead of us because all the
biggest issues facing humanity are
interconnected whether that be climate
change terrorism migration or global
economic collapse we need to create a
system of governance that runs our
economy based on the ecology of the
planet and the natural laws that hold it
together the word economy derives from
the ancient Greek word economy er which
means household management don't you
think it's about time that we as a
species started taking better care of
this earth and treat it like it really
is a household that we can be proud of
is it too late to act what would a new
system even look like is it even
achievable these are all valid questions
that I aim to address on future videos
but I want to take it one step at a time
there are some people who believe that
we should dismantle current political
systems which are failing and then build
new ones I want to make it absolutely
clear that I don't personally adhere to
that notion Buckminster Fuller once said
you never change things by fighting the
existing reality to change something
build a new model that makes the
existing model obsolete thank you so
much for watching please like this video
and share it with anyone you think might
find this interesting and why not join
the discussion in the comments section
do you believe that political
institutions are losing public trust any
more than they have before and are there
other issues you can think of where
government inaction or perhaps
overreaction has caused the public to
lose sight of the real solutions that
could help the media has been a big
contributor to this phenomenon so if you
haven't already please check out my
video six problems with the main
three media which I will link at the end
I post videos on here every Thursday so
be sure to subscribe and follow me if
you haven't already thank you very much
and you can connect with me on Twitter
Instagram snapchat Facebook and YouTube
finally I am only able to keep making
these videos thanks to the amazing
support of my patrons so if you aren't
one already and can spare as little as
one dollar a month to help grow this
into a bigger educational platform
online then please check out Patrian com
fort / miles dive for more information
thank you so much everybody have an
amazing week I will see you next
Thursday addy ice till next time
you
you
