this is what I love sticking your head
out like a dog and enjoying the nice
breeze the other day when I was in
Hollywood I didn't do the peanut oil
thing in the end although he will be
making that appearance at some point on
this la trip when I've called the videos
up when I was walking through Hollywood
street though holes with Dominic
remember that video the heart of
Hollywood and we were walking past and I
was always one of the interviewer
Scientology's because there's a lot of
negative media out there and it'd be
nice to sort of give her more open
perspective of it as the center of this
footage of this video shows that you
know I I did take a personality test
because I was walking down the street
and so on said hey would you want to
take personality test I've only seen the
south park episode about it and it was
spots on you know you just go in there
and you do personality test hundred and
fifty questions and then they get those
metal cans that test your I don't know
what it was testing is do you know what
it is let's test your flow of energy or
so
it's like they can judge your spirit
somehow right
apparently they can test it and give you
numerical values that equate to your
spiritual nature which is
strange thing to do yeah but anyway I
have my own opinions about it please
continue that's cool man so I went in
and Dominic had already done it so he
filled me a bit and he went to watch a
video and I did it and took about half
an hour and they said you wanna take an
IQ test looks like now I'm cool and I
asked him if I could video because
Dominic video and obviously I we didn't
ask about by asked about a future could
could I video the care that whatever the
device is cooled see I'm ignorant but
they didn't want that's happen and they
were being quite questioning of what I'd
want to do that and I totally understand
you know don't a firm on the spot
exactly so they came out and I was taken
to a desk by one of the people there and
they gave me this list and basically
with this list and if i should put this
on my lap and that one show you you have
a basic chart and it's done on a scale
of plus 100 2 minus 100 k if you're a
zero which is just here because it
adorable the desirable state is plus 100
but what's interesting is 4 minus 100 is
an unacceptable skype which i find
completely you know i mean man how could
anything be unacceptable that's like
saying who you are as an acceptable like
how dare you you live on this planet
that's just my perception so i got a
score like plus 90 communication levels
by got minus literally minus 90 i I'd
say minus ninety eight which for
nervousness and he late that he'd asked
go through each point and explain what
each thing means and he was saying like
how would this apply to us like I don't
know that he kept on some questions and
he'd only move on when I finally
admitted it and I was just trying to get
a taster of this but nervousness I'm a
nervous wreck I don't know you know you
can't classify this what I've learned in
psychology you can't classify
personality into traits because they all
overlap there's so many variable factors
I'm very active I'm irresponsible which
I know after a previous video some
people would agree with that but you
know we will make mistakes but enough of
that critical I am
back of a cord it's incredible depressed
nervous I'll do unacceptable yeah yeah
yeah man dat's how they sell you on the
program they're like if you if you
listen to us yes you will be acceptable
so my big issue with this is they didn't
brought me over and said oh here's some
reading for you on the way home here's a
book about a level that will get you
started and I was like look I'm with my
money with me I'll come back later i'll
be in hollywood again so obviously that
was my polite way of saying thanks
the issue I have is with Scientology
it's like what people have a prom with
organized religion because it's business
based you know it's all small fractions
and particular religions you know
they're generally is good but with
Scientology the impression I got was it
is like the core and it is all about
that small fraction of other religions
you know so it is business base but I
could be wrong but the big issue I have
is if you know I'm quite strong minded i
was able to walk away but let's say
someone who's maybe love someone who's
you know not sure where their life is
going there's no one to talk to and goes
there and it's totaled that you know you
need help your unacceptable they're
gonna fix they're going to embrace it
they're gonna listen and I just think
it's exploiting you know but you know
who am I to say that's right it's cuz
there's money in this there's money
involved
they're like it's one thing if they say
this is this is what we think this is
what I think
this is my opinion and then that was it
and you walked in and you did the test
they gave your friend but then they're
like we want to give you this book and
you can spend this money and come
through this program and then you maybe
you can raise your levels of spiritual
ness and it's like dude organized
religion that's the thing man it's all
business they want to recruit to make
money so that they can recruit more to
make more money to build bigger palaces
and shinier gems and it bigger Thrones
and it's all it's all a waste of time
but I think the important thing I want
to say is like if I ever well I oh it's
been quite critical here this is my son
personal experience I went in there with
an open mind and I did say to me and I
want to hear their side and which I
didn't want to you know speak about it
but from experience i was like thinking
yeah I'm gonna learn sign here and I
just felt I felt like they were trying
to exploit me and even later that day
although I'm quite strong person I felt
I was questioning myself thinking am I
really a nervous wreck I was able to
overcome it but geez man it's crazy but
I did another thing on us a is although
I'm critical the religion I'm not
critical with the people the people
there
no it's a drug people there they're nice
people they're doing you know hopefully
what they believe is right and I've got
no problem with that and if they get
through life better that's good but with
any religion I think it's good if you
pass your experiences on but actually
saying to people you know this is the
way no that's that's not right it's if
there any Scientologist watching this
video please place your responses and
you know let me know if I've seen her
maybe a bad side but this is Central
Hollywood this is one of the main areas
of it but the people are nice and
depending what it doesn't matter
religion you are there are good and bad
people in it but that's all subjective
so I just want to end it on that and say
that I did it when you were done sorry
on that one thing yeah go for it I did a
PSA for the Scientology Center a public
service announcement about the right
they have these like basic human rights
and Scientology and I did one with
Amanda on the right to marriage nearly
every human has the right to marriage
according to Scientology and i agree
with you man that they're not remotely
bad people at all they're like us like
in the car it's just p del doing if it's
only the business of it that bothers me
right that's lightly I die I'd say I'd
say this thing so that's it and if
there's any Scientologist out there
please you know paste your thoughts
because I'm i like to hear your side of
it because it still fascinates me and
have i been given a lot of thing like
the word is a poor representation of
what it is really about so let me know
Thank You Eddie ice
