oh good day chaps how we doing on a
sunny day in England what a spiffing day
it is be drinking tea and eating
crumpets okay I'll cut so I don't know
if you can remember the previous video
when i was on the roof well i'm going
back out there ah and here i am looking
out there's the roof that's what I've
entered in so they gave burglars but
nice seriously so I wanted to talk about
was I just waking up now and I know it
is often Lee and I always used to look
out here especially when I joined
YouTube over a year ago and asked the
same question where are all the UK
youtubers when I was at University which
I finished about a month or two ago
losing track of time here I met up with
a friend there called Rob and we were
discussing about this you know UK
youtuber thing and i invited him to the
London gathering which I organized with
quite she and my vision for that event
was it was a chance of people from the
UK who don't get the exposure usually to
step forward and show themselves and as
a result I began to learn lots about
loads of new youtubers from the UK and I
was saying how it is mainly us dominated
well it's changed now and they've given
us our own UK platform now the
interesting thing about this was Robert
designed a YouTube Britain like a which
is the center picture to this and I
fought yeah why don't you tube do that
and have a UK section for all the
countries in the world like other sites
like live video that'd be great exposure
for people from different languages
different cultures etc and then you have
the overall one wearing all links
together
which that plane would shut up so and i
went to see geriatric 1927 and i was
going to ask him a question about it
don't you think there should be more
exposure for people from the UK to which
he said he couldn't answer that question
it turns out now you know there was a
reason why and it is now present that
there is a UK section on youtube and the
purpose of this video is to ask the
question where are the UK youtubers
whether you watch videos or whether you
comment post videos you know anything or
you know if you do all of it if you're
from the UK living there now or are from
there post up a comment a video response
now and let us know you're there because
I'm always standing here showing out the
same thing where are the UK youtubers
where are you show yourselves you
cowards and it'd be about time that you
know DK people step forward so I'm
waiting for you now post up and let us
know you're here but to be treated chips
and I will speak to you soon Tallyho
