hi it's miles blame Frances over six
how's it going people this is going to
be a classic blog now just chatting
stuff but for i'm not going to edit this
because i'm good points to music coming
up alright edit this to the point and i
find the song but obviously if I edits
hit the music will sound a bit weird
constantly skipping so you're just going
to hear me scream off what I want to say
and that's it so let me just get it
right
so it's a promise a real vlog because
I'm just gonna be chatting rubbish now
but where do I start or do I talk about
as good and bad things on the talk about
but this you know one it manager guess a
lot of people when the big comments are
get especially when I you know where I
am out in the real world not miss radius
on YouTube is or on stickam it's a
matter if by the serious face respite
second people is go miles smile and it's
like it I always say the same thing
they'll do you know how hard it is to
smoke constantly get cheekbones really
hurt but the reason they say that is
because for some reason I'm someone now
who is very rarely seen down feeling low
depressed I'm always happy nothing ever
seems to annoy me Wow there is a lot got
to say actually and yeah it's because
it's a big change from what my life used
to be I'm movin to go into it completely
but less for this way when I was in
primary school and when I was in college
secretary school high school whatever
you want to call it I was sewing who I
was an outcast
when is your typical story I had a group
of friends always respected but I'm
someone who never hangs around with
particular group people I do at times
but I hang around with a you know people
from every every lays different groups
you know I try and hang out with
everyone but I was never signed it was
really like that popular at school in
that and I was seen as quite a bit of a
joke like many and I worked in France
from november to april 2014 no 2005-2006
and when I was up there it drove me
insane I was isolated up this mountain
and when I was there my sanity was
really cracking and I got frustrated I
was a pushover people wound me up and I
gave a reaction now I've just grown out
of it and you know I'm a strong person
but people think that means I can't be
unhappy people think it means i'm happy
with time and it's an expectation they
have and today I'm feeling really
unhappy now i just thought i'd share and
this good probably a long blog so i
think i need people read truly do care
about you know me as a person space to
the videos i create for people who have
too much time on their hands well
firstly I want to say is a lot of people
say miles cheer up it's a phase etc and
what I say to that is of course it is
and whenever I make a video where I'm
feeling like people think that you know
they're telling me you know i'll go over
it well firstly i always normally get
over this but the reason I talk when I
am feeling low is it's a good way of
getting out of it I'm always an optimist
an optimist yeah that's right quite a
lot my dad actually and whenever there's
really bad stuff there's always a way
getting out of it and you know I'll get
all this oh this is the song I used for
my vlog where I wrote lyrics cool
nice and yeah I did get better and okay
let me list off a few bad things that
happened when i did this video is
because there was this couple of things
actually one thing is as you know there
was go in the state so i felt for very
deeply and things weren't going well
well back and i've called it every day
and night and it's always voicemail and
she was having problems domestic
problems with her ex and I'm worried
about her another hear from my now I
emailer like phoner is that sign that I
should leave it I don't know you know
when you're not told anything last time
I spokes a few weeks a couple months ago
now is she said she was too interested
so I've done now is I've written her a
letter did send that and that'll be lost
hope and even if we're just friends but
I don't know the thing with me is people
with me for some reason if they though
on a chair that they'd rather just
ignore me and not reply as opposed to
tell me the truth you know I'd rather
that and me been hanging on and it
happened recently with a song on youtube
I'm not gonna mention a name I'll
brilliant a messager so she sees this
because I wanted to know that this is
the perspective of God because she now
thinks on a hater because of a comment i
left on a songs video where she puts on
my person I which was slightly bitter
and that's a thing with me on my video
admits the world you're not perfect
which I'll do this is a video response
to I'm not perfect I've got many
thoughts about me one thing is
relationship was friends or whatever if
Sykes not going right and I feel out of
control and I feel like it's not getting
better and I don't know what to do I'll
get bitter about it on a relationship
level if those ago that i really liked
and she doesn't want to be with me I
can't be a friend and I've spoken about
this before it has to be you know I look
at her and I always want there to be
more than just friends you know and with
his place on youtube I Chad were quite a
lot but she's got big now I'm not even
saying this is the reason why she's not
chance me anymore I don't know but the
truth is I've tried to make an effort
show over lots and lots and although
it's just a friend she's on a respect
and that's what makes it more painful
for me is one of respects on and they're
not even replying just they are too busy
to chat but then I see on stickam and
chat and messing around with guys in the
chat room it's like working you to be
honest or if there was st. wrong just
tell me and then at least I know you
that I've made a mistake we can either
move on from there I'll stay out of your
way but then I reponse things I guess
it's tough
so another thing that I've been told by
people well by one person who I know in
real life she says too heavy too heavy
this is nice I'm told that I take myself
too seriously and this is an interesting
thing I know when I look at my videos I
know there are times where I do take
myself sit well I'm not taking honest
I'm taking a serious approach but for me
I might always taking myself seriously
do I actually take myself seriously when
I'm serious on camera is at me taking
myself well I don't know it depends what
she means by that but for me it means
that I'm not I don't lighten up I'm
always too serious i'm depressed either
come our videos i mean i'm interested
for everyone to make your own judgment
for me i have a balance sometimes i do
really serious vlog sometimes I really
Jacob mugs I've got a spectrum of two
extremes and maybe that's why it shows
up so much more a video like this i'll
be taking self so seriously but I think
maybe for some people it's a shock that
people you know me in person to see me
expose myself like this an interesting
thing is like I was walking outside few
minutes ago just thinking about stuff in
there and I was going to sit just
outside the back of the apartment with
this laptop and that and do my vlog
outside because I'm very reflected when
outside at night
but I decided not to because people's
windows are at the backer open and I
didn't want people hearing him because
people think it's weird but family is
saying that when I'm put this on the
internet is for the whole world to see
so what's the difference and it's what a
lot of people say is they'd rather put
their problems out here on the net to
the whole world then tell their friends
and I've had an explanation but you know
I'll leave that for another video few
days ago well the last couple days have
had quite weird dreams and got on a
ramble here I've been thinking about
things and my life I don't know I've
always been working to become a
counselor I'm parallel to that doing
stuff in the media and my youtube videos
and app and YouTube is just one of my
favorite things I really want to make a
break free and I've said this from the
very beginning it sets at the beginning
was more desperate you know I am make
claims for and be featured and stuff
like this you know which is desired by
many just for me I think maybe I took it
a bit too far and I realized that where
I am in life it doesn't matter if I was
doing this or not I've actually not done
much with my life I'm at university but
I'm not out there with a job and
I learnt even there from the become
accounts for the end of this who knows
it's just really hard to tell and on
another night light fitness and that
stuff like this I'm Sun fit it's
unbelievable I'd got gym membership for
the year haven't used it because it's
just so much effort and I just come back
we had to move out and move all what
stuff out and be back in I forgot my gym
stuff not going to buy new stuff is too
far and my parents already dropped some
other stuff off so i'm probably not to
do much for the next four weeks but it's
ridiculous light I'm killing myself I
aki guess but I'm killing myself and it
makes me think if I was to turn my life
around health-wise does that prevent
stuff from happening lay on in life to
say that worries me is like when were
older with the diets that we live with
today sugar salt packed food and all
this sort of stuff it's not me pleasant
I think but you know we will lift today
I guess but the reason I thought about
it was you know when you gonna sleep and
you go for it your minds drifting and
that it's thought about it a lot it's
been crazy but you know already what it
saints go on youtube you know I really
want to go for in here but I'm
forevermore beginnings fielder I'm not
going to make it or you know but are
they then people think I'm whining now
but now I'm just expressing how I feel
and if you don't like it goff say
I'm honest about stuff and I'm happy to
speak my mind yeah okay I want to make
it big and I haven't mentioned it for a
while so if you're gonna start saying oh
I'm continually whining to go elsewhere
I've explained my reasons in the past
and yeah I just feel really low budget
want to end this video by saying for any
negative impacts I've had on anyone
previously in any way that I'm truly
sorry and you know that my intentions
are always good just sometimes it
doesn't happen that way I'll speak to
you soon thanks for listening to this
complete ramble
