so I'm currently on the roof of my house
was the wafer the edge and that's the
ground just ask my brother's room just
simply a ship I wanted to talk about
something very interesting today and
it's about feeling good I talk about it
previously before I talk about it
tonight because I die I just have
another one of those episodes i guess
and i know we all do it doesn't matter
if your spiritual if you think it's
contact with God that makes you feel
this way if it's just chemical reactions
or if it's dis emotion there are times
in life and it can happen every day once
a week and it could last for a day it
could last for a couple of minutes
seconds in which you sort of get a rush
in your body and you feel good about
something really good maybe good just a
general good feeling or maybe when it
happens to me usually at feeding of
on-site glad to be alive and it's
awesome and I guess the question I have
for everyone is what makes you feel so
good and there are different things it
could be being able to achieve something
that you thought you could never do
before it could be sitting just outside
looking up at the stars concert tonight
I'm just looking around the roof
I now have episodes where friends around
where if they got for a cigarette
something they're just whoops outside
and just talk about just anything and
it's just like you in them and you know
you talk about things that you would let
me talk about in public website and you
get a good feeling from opening up to
people perhaps you just feel good when
you go worships on you know my god or
something I know a lot of people do that
they go and I feel good about it or
perhaps you feel good when you get
recognition for something you've done
you realize that you've actually done
something significant we just have a
positive effect or the effect you
desired and then there's also music
perhaps you heard a song that just makes
the hairs on the back of your neck stand
up epic music which plus and your
emotion strings and just sounds really
good it doesn't matter if you're a hard
guy or you know gorgeous a soppy person
we all have songs which mean a lot to us
whether it relates to someone maybe
we've lost or it relates to a situation
we've been in but it doesn't matter what
it is in life we all have these episodes
where we feel so so good and I could
name across all those categories stuff
but if I was to pick on one so aspects
of what means a lot to me what makes me
feel the most good out of anything is
being able to be there being less a bee
invites for pie you know know that
Saunders wanted me to be there I could
talk about my past but that's rare thing
else but
you know I've come to the point now
where people are starting to see maybe
appreciate me people want to see me and
when I'm lighting a religious people
that I respect people I respect the best
reading of the world for me is when you
know they say how much they like me or
respect me when I hear that from someone
I truly respect
itch means the world to me it's
incredible what can we explain it is
it's a connection and other night this
is really nice I'm here sit on the roof
looking out
and we'll have moments of solitude where
we just stare out maybe maybe it's when
you go for Sarah maybe is when you're
walking somewhere maybe is when you're
driving just traveling or maybe you're
waking up or going to sleep you go
through that moment of drifting off
where your mind just smiles our minds
are powerful
when we feel good about something most
of the time it makes us feel so glad to
be alive so my question to you people is
what makes you feel good to be alive
adios so nice out here
