hey everyone hope all is well recently I
had a massive clear out of the cupboard
underneath the stairs here because to be
quite honest it was abysmal I couldn't
see never mind get to half the stuff
that was in there and in the process I
found some pretty interesting things old
computer games music TV shows movies do
you like the contrasts fan art
recordings of TV appearances and even a
mixtape well CD from my ex when deciding
on what discs to keep I would ask myself
will I want to listen or watch this in
the not-too-distant future and I found
myself answering with a lot of maybes
this is clearly what causes the hoarding
mentality that so many people have but
even when the answer was yes I will want
to use this again soon a new question
transpired which was will I need to use
this physical copy to access the media
again the answer was no in almost every
instance thanks to the internet and
digital services like Spotify and
Netflix I no longer require physical
copies to consume the media that I
desire not only that but never have I
had access to so much choice of media in
my entire life we are in the very early
stages of a technological revolution so
this easy access I've been talking about
may not currently apply to a lot of
other situations but it will do over
time and it's this principle of access
that I'd like to talk about today take
vinyl music for example preferred by
some to digital audio due to the mild
harmonic distortions in the signal that
give a perceived added warmth to the
sound and then there's the artwork as
well but over time and it may take some
time
technology will overcome the challenge
of giving you access to these elements
in a way that feels authentic without
you needing to own it in physical form
back in 2011 I posted a video called
ownership which touched upon this very
subject I talked about how in the next
couple of decades we will no longer need
to own cars due to automation and people
thought I sounded very unrealistic then
dreaming of Utah
peow however over the last five years I
have noticed a significant change in the
way that technological capabilities are
viewed by the mainstream ultimately what
human beings desire in life is access to
goods and services and technology will
continue to provide shortcuts around
these perceived necessities of ownership
let me explain capitalism has spurred a
culture of accumulating capital which
can and has led to wastage on an
industrial scale let's look at a very
simple example to illustrate this so
tell me how many times a day do you cut
the grass if you own a lawn that is what
wrong question okay how many times a
week a month a year I think it's safe to
assume that in an average neighborhood
each household cuts the lawn maybe a
handful of times a year if that so the
question then becomes does each
household need to have their own lawn
mower could they all share just one
sharing doesn't make sense to a lot of
people though because there's a certain
peace of mind that comes with having
your own you know where it is when you
want it and it reduces the headaches of
what happens when someone leaves the
neighborhood or it breaks down however I
believe that in the coming years
society's attitudes will drastically
change so that the concept of a shared
economy becomes the norm and thus in
this specific example so will the idea
of a neighborhood sharing one lawn mower
this cultural shift will have serious
implications for big issues in the world
for example food usually people conduct
a weekly shop going around filling up
their shopping cart with all the things
they expect to consume making the most
of offers like buy one get one free how
much of the food you buy goes to waste
and this isn't just a matter of what do
you throw in the bin or trash as my
American brothers or sisters would say
if you have some food that's about to go
off but you're not very hungry you may
consume it anyway just so it doesn't go
to waste but it's still technically
waste if you never really needed it in
the first place let's now consider all
you can eat
Faye's when most people go to them they
will stuff their faces eat as much as
they can and why because they want to
get their money's worth right but then
let's look at staying in an
all-inclusive hotel for two weeks
technically it's all-you-can-eat for
multiple days but what most people
showcase the same behavior as an
all-you-can-eat buffet probably not
because in this instance your mind is
assured that food is available if and
when you need it there is no need to
stuff your face to get your money's
worth because if you did do that for two
weeks you wouldn't feel very good it is
true that the hotel may still deal with
wastage by preparing more food than is
necessary for their visitors overall but
hopefully what I speak of demonstrates
that by giving an individual long term
access to goods and services they
themselves will consume and waste less
technology such as the Internet of
Things 3d printing and renewable energy
is going to seriously transform our
global culture over the next couple of
decades and the most interesting thing
about this is we are going to witness
the traditional concepts of power and
wealth become challenged by a new
paradigm in which ownership becomes more
of a hindrance than an advantage when it
comes to accessing the goods and
services that we desire now I appreciate
that this is only a small part of a much
bigger conversation so I look forward to
continuing this discussion in the
comments section of this video and don't
forget you can connect with me on
Twitter Instagram snapchat Facebook and
YouTube please like and share this video
if you'd be so kind and finally I'd like
to end with a huge shout-out this week
to George who has been a fantastic
supporter of mine the past few months on
patreon not only as a contributor
financially but a contributor of ideas
and advice in terms of production for
this channel say thank you so much dude
it really means a lot and if any of you
out there would like to support the work
I do please visit patreon.com forward
slash miles Dyer there's lots of
information there and a list of the
rewards you can get access to including
personal postcards from me and weekly
live shows you can support me for as
little as $1
so get involved if you can thank you so
much for watching and I will see you
again next week on Thursday RDAs till
then
