hi guys miles here bleh three seven six
I thought today I talked about how to
vlog because I know recently I've got a
new wave of people who view a lot of
which have asked me how do you get into
vlogging howdy vlog and sort of the way
of going about it and I always like to
see new people vlog in I think it's a
great medium to communicate on I'm not
the master I just want to get that clear
first before anyone thinks I'll make an
arrogant stance of saying this is how it
should be done because I'm amazing which
I know I am amazing but at the same time
I don't come across as arrogant if you
get they just messin but I just want to
give you know some basic pointers of how
to get started with vlogging and then if
you wish to improve on that and build on
it with a bit more creativity than you
can do I may do another vlog with a bit
more but most of my blogging is pretty
basic editing wise
so first of all the essential is you
need some form of video capture and for
a video you can either use a digital
camera if use a digital camera you'll
need some form of TV input which is like
a one of these but depending on what the
digital camera you've got will take
different types of DV inputs and all you
may need a firewire card I don't know
the technicalities of that if you have
problems email me and I could probably
point you in the right direction but a
much easier way of doing it is of course
the webcam I for one use I just found
this out the bin actually I was just
about to throw it out so good timing
really the quick cam pro 5000 it's an
awesome camera it cost me about 40
pounds but it came with a headset which
is really good for when you chat with
people online and also for vlogging
because it comes with the microphone but
also it has a built-in microphone which
I'm not using at the moment I just want
to try this for a change and it comes
with a little stand which is adjustable
and a little guard so if you want to
just you know just this is what it
basically is very simple device and you
like just one second I've got two and
then whatever you're gonna do
I'm leaving the creativity up to you
what you might be up to and then you
just put down the shutter and little
gimmick but I think it's cool and
basically you just plug in the webcam
through the USB port and you can upload
it onto its own program which is the
video capture
or you can do it onto a video editing
program I for one would suggest on PC a
basic one Windows Movie Maker if you
don't have it put a link in the
description box of where you can
download it from if you're a Mac user I
assume they have their own video
software editing things on there because
Maxie is full that but if not I'm not
sure because I'm not a Mac user but I
know I certainly would
how would I suggest you start vlogging
what it's all up to you of course you
know it's your blog a lot of people have
confidence issues to begin with and
that's completely understandable I for
one am Denard a lot which I'll deal with
in a minute but confidence is another
issue do you think that people would
have an interest in what you're talking
about maybe a good way of starting
vlogging is doing video responses that's
how I started when I did a quick
experiment I thought I replied to
geriatrics got lots of people saying oh
I'm really interested in what you've had
to say etc and therefore it gave me
confidence and I began to vlog more and
your viewer base builds up that way so I
suggest you do it like that
to keep it simple I'd keep it one topic
for video I for one don't always do that
especially on my blog series once that's
Nick is there just a bit more
and if you've blogging about your day
there's gonna be more than one thing but
just keep it basic don't like cram more
than one thing into one unless you are
doing some sort of episode thing like I
do but I've learned in the past that
they aren't actually that popular
keep it punchy witty and just upbeat
because if it's slow and dreary then
it's gonna lose people's attention a
good editing way of doing that is witty
editing and that's basically simple cuts
which you can do in any basic program so
for instance if I was to be talking and
like IMing and are in for instance I
used I mean are a lot I'm getting better
now but I still edit some out here and
there but now I try not to so I actually
focus on trying not to man are so much
how that made sense but one way of doing
that is let me just give you a sentence
so when shop it today and I bought some
bananas and it was really it was fun
yeah it was really fun now I fungal edit
it I'd cat out all the Amazonas and
really can't sit so it has it's a more
of a sentence as opposed to a just a
rambling or I'd refilm it but if he
edited it it would look something like
this so when shop it today and I bought
some bananas and it was really it was
fun see it looks a bit more sped up and
also you can add witty editing by moving
around the place cut in say one minute
I'll be talking here hi what's up and
then I'd be talking here blah blah blah
oh I think I'm gonna go over here cool
yeah you sure did go over there and I
mean you just did quick edits and that's
just I think a very good thing about
vlogging and it can make people laugh if
you say something and then get to the
punchline but really in your face you
can also do it to make people jump I'm
not gonna do it now now
backgrounds is a big thing people say
keep your background varied it was
saying I used to say in the past on one
of my older looks I'm not so sure about
that really I mean I'm here a lot of
time a lot of people recently have said
it's starting to get boring well I've
got to live here so you think how I feel
and maybe if you've got digital camera
you can walk around with a laptop
sometimes you can walk around but I mean
maybe change the angle just little
things like that can make all the
difference
when you look at your video do you it
find it interesting if you don't find it
interesting the chances are other people
won't find it interesting and you know
you've got to be enthusiastic about what
you will talk about
so my last point to you is just have fun
and you know just see how it goes give
it a little test and then take it on
from there
so those were the basic guidelines on
how to do vlogging and I just want to
see everyone who doesn't who normally
maybe post a comment go out get a webcam
get a camera and post a vlog get you
know start posting blogs now and post
your first one as a video response to
this maybe I did it in the past not had
a network of lots of people starting
vlogging and it worked out quite well
and then you'll get exposure already and
I'll be sure to check them out and if
you need any help just give me an email
but I think vlog ins and all some things
are doing and it'd be nice to see more
people so what you're waiting for
get login people I'm Myles Dyer blow
through 76 and even if you have already
done vlogging maybe post video response
with your own advice and tips or even
post your first video vlog as a video
response to this as well I hope this
kicks off to the quite a cool Network
adios
