I supposed I bled for six in the pub in
London you know what pub it is I'm quite
hammered right now we've got very
special guests and I know a lot of you
like in it's nice pizza file and he's
with me right now a lot of you think
that Peter file is blade 376 but
obviously is not because you'll see in
both of us were about split screen you
know in those split screens you can't
really touch the character what is very
unreal unreal readable I'll beat the
fire ok are you saying are you saying
you're a heroine mouth
ok her head so when that's how that they
borrow this glosses for this video
because he was trying to it's me it's
always been odd to me it's always been
me and he gets a lot of heat because of
his character that I created you let me
post all these videos on his channel he
was in my closet yeah but so I just want
everyone to lay off blade you can you
can focus all your hate and negativity
towards me because he's a good guy
serious issue though I just want to like
somehow be like today because I'm it's
been awesome I mean there are loads of
videos everyone's gonna post up laser
videos at London Gavin Archie place just
to check on all the different
perspectives different views of way what
made of it I think one of the main
things is like when we people have met
up it's like you get a real sense of who
they are and like okay he's how this may
be a long sores like Europe and no but
seriously brunette is awesome and he
gets he's not Batman I
just like and I just wanna sight so the
height is to start posting videos and
making insights advice except hating
like so your you keep paying he'll keep
saying you so I keep giving you here's
another tha it's come true yeah it's
just weird because I think that just hey
is on YouTube is a big issue of today
because everyone has been so real and
everyone's been so honest and everyone
I've met but I've seen slips of their
videos but they're so honest from it and
people said the same about me and you
know right now they pull I think would
you make a call
pull pull do is like I said I I've had a
pretty unique experience of getting to
meet a lot of people that I've only seen
on life you know through the videos a
lot or not live but through I almost
call it live because it feels like this
you have to go on Betty writer for
YouTube and blade in every day if you
turn the camera there's a but yes
standing here people are as real as they
are somehow it was something about
YouTube there's something about the
people that are drawn to YouTube to who
they present is who they are and it's
it's amazing it really is amazing
everybody I met yes then it's been
exactly no no I have a little bit of a
there's a visual thing that happens
where a blade is a little thicker
actually he's a little stocky little
wiry video I make a guns ammo soon as
you're feeling yeah he's patty I'm now
he's even fatter
I'm just that's the way I look but other
than a little bit of a difference in the
Pinot whether they tall or short other
than that as far as who they are
it comes through somehow on youtube has
been very real to it is really me
yeah and I mean I think the main issue
is like in terms of height as now if
people you know pick them stick with
people people stand by each other
because I think that makes us have
become good friends now hey we may have
disagreements particular issues but so
much my father and son Boheme said the
same thing I almost like his big brother
is dad no more of this granddad is
bringing period even with age right he
you know been in England on the words
like in America but you know old people
and young people there's conflict you
know they're are in trouble assassins
they're playing and geriatric goes
against that and I think that over time
when everyone's got internet I have
people watching my video used to rage 12
to 18 and people get these many things
and they can empathize and understand
each other's perspectives generation
that's what I like about this guy can
explain him that's what I like about
this guy he's he's he's genuine to a
fault you PNC let's hate her to fuck did
he do you into a foot a little people
hates going good then do the Australian
Billy oh let's people to a fault get to
him and a true face truth the truth is
at YouTube brings out the best in people
and it's only the vocal minority I hate
there's only represent nobody mustard on
email me telling me they're just fooling
about they're just getting it all of it
right or whatever
kisses you can't let it get to you
not straight I know it does to some
extent but again
yeah it's half of skin to that but like
over time people gonna come closer
together move over it's like this long
is it going to come you don't leave
enough wood saying that but it's also my
favorite one here's had a good time
right yeah right everybody this guy okay
this guy right here he and I have argued
all night long but guess what guess what
guess what
not only shaking hands but he bought me
a beer just a few minutes ago yeah it
would be hard it's kind of hard to but
it's kind of hard to believe when you
see what happens on video sometime like
I said it's the difference in being at a
family reunion or you know a high school
high school raining here or me the
relative that you haven't seen in a long
time that there's still a bond there and
the bond is we're all human we're all
human in the world we show that the more
grace that we get for being that it's
the fakeness it's the yeah it's the
pretend that's that nobody ever gets to
me that's the stuff that doesn't work on
you there was there was not one person
today he didn't act contrary to like how
they are and there was 50 people there
and I mean you know I'm sure there'd be
people that would act a bit differently
and I just find that quite amazing and I
mean in future I'll be more and you know
if this stays the same it just proves
everyone's real but when we best start
wrapping this up yeah it's just been an
awesome day really through and it's be
face my eyes 21st love Saturday and it's
not be there I'm afraid
and that's because today's been more
constructive and I feel that this is a
great step in my life Vickers teams had
a big impact on my life
that's nicely recognized by people
people appreciate my ideas and is the
only going YouTube that talks more than
I do
Toby in our in our stick of chat room
that I wouldn't stop everything he said
please
