I guess the thing with opening up with
YouTube in terms of your thoughts and
that is you can't control who watches it
we care if you put on private but both
over that I'm sorry who's obviously open
as a lot of your name and I'm usually
open with people quite at what most
people but it's usually done an
individual basis so exciting on this is
a bit different for me I know there'll
be people who take the piss where you
can give a fuck because all that matters
is the people who do take it seriously
and people who do respond to this I go
free moments in life where I will be
maybe drive in or maybe an event or
something or it might had a bit to drink
all I'm watching a movie and I go
through it deep trainer for questioning
existence why am I here in that and i'm
sure people go through that and i tell
you something sanger found with life is
everyone desires the same thing where
people are open to each other people can
trust each other and people can love
each other tightly and they sexy filled
recently when he posted a video about
you know folio he lost his brawny says
that he thinks it's time for everyone to
open up to one another and you know show
the love and to be honest that's
something that you know I think a lot of
people desire and I've always wanted it
and I can honestly say I'm sorry can
turn around to one of my friends and go
you know what man i love you give them a
hug and that sounds really cheesy but
why is it cheesy it's because people are
soft afraid of that and this is going to
sound like quite a cross mackay and as I
put it sort of look but you know this
has come from me
re always question so much in life and
as I've grown up I've always been this
way and it's an intimidating load of
people I've always had the pit Rick tell
me because of it my members of my family
always like half a goal look you going
off again and I mean if you read my film
script you'd realize of how it's been in
my family I mean I love my family we get
on so well but it's just one issue and I
was then begin questioning my sanity
never just watch the film flight club
and it ranks well it goes in a category
of the group of films which when I've
watched it I've had a very deep sinking
feeling it within where it shocks me and
I become quite speechless because it
crosses over with my own questioning
questions of existence I guess and the
film's i'm told that going that category
of another sky donnie darko gattaca
fight club and saw a nice little more of
a trigger one but there are actually
serious issues with that and I'll just
watch fight club now and as soon as the
ending hit me I was just days
and something I think that's really good
is we talked about opening up in that
and the best way of doing it through
media it's more of an accepted way I
mean if I tell you this vlog without
sound asunder without musical background
meet all right now the chances are you
wouldn't be feeling the emotion i'm
talking with right now as much as if i
was to have some music which he liked
and you know made the hairs on the back
of your neck stand up and when i drive
and have that sort of music going it
makes me feel good about life or it
makes me get this level of you know deep
thought and this is crazy and we have
two paths in life we can either live our
life we have free pass very behind live
our life we kind of it just sit here and
think about it can do both and I'm sorry
does both
and everything thats up in my life has
added to this contribution of
questioning and i'm not even 20 year how
long we live for I don't know how long
our generation will because we live in a
generation of consumption
when I get upset by things like and this
sounds stupid people think I'll see you
upset my thumb focal it wasn't it was
the thoughts it led to me thinking it's
all that interpretation I'm not going to
spoil the movie flea &
I've talked about things and this going
back to my best friend again some people
believe that we don't go this is it this
is all we have it in once we've gone
were gone and then some people believe
when we die it continues and I just
don't know
if it would be desirable for us to just
disappear no for
and I'll tell you what my darkest secret
and if i was to die tomorrow
I wouldn't care and I'm so on he
honestly believes that people in the
short term would give a shit and
obviously close family would give a shit
but on a whole in terms of impact in the
world or impacts in the local area is
pretty insignificant sure there be maybe
morning generally with people who have
had contact with barking it fair way
people move on and someone like me who I
really want to just have this impact on
the world
the reality of it is maybe in the short
term but the truth is
and then people say because I think that
do I hate life when I don't burn
frustrated and he goes back to issues i
have this is pretty much something up
how i feel like i've always felt both
for like the relationship issue
because I could care less about me
living for my cell phone and if that the
someone else just so I have a reason to
exist this is why do you see if I guess
it's what I want to do that's why I want
to live
and I think about individuals in the
past that are forwarding for and I think
of one individual who are latest so much
and she was such a good friend and like
she was silent for Nellie a chat with
when I finally did get in chat with her
and it went really well but she left me
on then went off she's like in a
relationship something else now and it's
the question of Wales could I have done
as much solar be over technically I
don't want to be to the point where I
wishing that she breaks up with her
she's with now and there's obviously
other people I meet you I have an
interesting but there's some people
where I look back at local thing you
know how much I felt stronger for it
when I just live life I type ID like
half of the path so I'm doing a bit of
both living and thinking about it when I
live life
it's all right it's pretty good but what
I think about it it makes something ID
seem so insignificant
because as much as we'd like to see
significant the truth is probably that
we're not
and when I lived life i enjoy i think
i'm i'm a part of the one I think about
it I realize like how it's not what I
want
aporia musics this to make it seem a bit
more what if it fits that but
I find that's really what not difficult
but like get emotional and camera proper
emotional you you see a more exposed
side of me i guess i'm always exposing
what i believe I feel so ship
and I'm sorry for any people I've had
contact with in life I pissed off due to
my self indulgent because that's the
right word behavior the fact that I do
promote myself that i do drive and do
what I want to do it's a good thing but
for many it pisses people off my man got
at the moment when I live life is not to
be big on YouTube and I'm getting
frustrated with hanging around going
nowhere you know and so much is
happening it's good but like I want so
much more but I want to do at the
expense of pissing people off I just
wonder what other people get it so easy
if I'm having such good effect on people
like people admit them while I being
helped to make it better they'll improve
it if I'm rambling on way too much
thanks for listening guys and I'm sure
you'll agree this is a different type of
Maine vlog for my vlog series
people question on my suicidal not bout
to say if I died tomorrow I really can
give a shit
