hey everyone I maze miles has a lot of
euphoria night cuz I probably sent me a
message on understand my space why do
you telling you to check us out on BBC
news i was about this 70 or 78 year old
man who i press it up a blog did a blog
so talk about things that his interests
not always considered doing this myself
and when i look to some the replies
people gave to him and that identified
maybe I should you know use it till to
express myself in for those of you who
are actually interested in hearing what
the same in ad in here so and what is
obviously my first entry I can't Abear
myself I've already got one of those
videos and if you want to see it you can
go on my myspace but use myspace com
pulled / blade 376 and be on the right
hand side and one of my main things that
other talk about theabout is my turn
because
others of some of you may know I've been
doing a lot of promotion for it that
it's time very close to my heart because
I'm because we're late see things are
happening in the world and claim I do
want to get this film out or the idea
behind it and how about that it before
it's too late as cheesy as that sounds
there is seriousness tonight is pretty
messed up in the moment and it does need
to be solid is if you're interested in
playing out about me or what I have to
say about my movie just stay tuned
thanks for shooting in and they've
enjoyed this interim fix you'll see a d8
