hey everyone hope all is well the 2016
u.s. presidential race is now between
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are you
excited well for many people the answer
is no we're not excited because on the
one hand the prospect of a trump
presidency is somewhat terrifying but
also both candidates are despised by a
significant portion of the elektra the
moment hillary clinton became democratic
nominee for president was the moment
that Donald Trump was given a real
chance of winning the general election
at a time of technological empowerment
of the individual huge societal shifts
are taking place in which the failures
of traditional political systems are
becoming exposed to the masses like
never before whether that be money in
politics dishonesty the lack of
accountability a rigged political system
the public of fball crying out for
change and in this election out of the
two main parties there is only one
change candidate and it's not Hillary
Clinton and yes you can argue the type
of change that Trump is offering is not
the right kind but for the millions of
Americans who have been experiencing the
most damning economical and social
struggles they may feel that any change
is better than what they have right now
Donald Trump getting the nomination is
in some ways a gift to the establishment
because it has caused decent people to
start defending the indefensible actions
of a corrupt political system in which
both the Democratic National Committee
and the Hillary Clinton campaign are
complicit the DNC by its own rules were
supposed to remain neutral during the
primaries as expressed by chairwoman
debbie Wasserman Schultz well first one
New York just reiterate that the
Democratic National Committee remains
neutral in this primary based on our
rules and yet recent email leaks have
shown that the DNC tried to sabotage
Bernie Sanders campaign throughout and
yes debbie Wasserman Schultz has
recently been forced to resign but now
the work has been done on getting
Hillary Clinton elected what is she
going on to next of course working for
the Clinton campaign but no no no no no
we have to stop bringing this up now
because it will only help Trump we need
unity so those millions of Bernie
Sanders supporters who donated their
time their money and their votes to try
and get him elected
they need to stop complaining and fall
in line the past year I've seen elements
of smugness arrogance and naivety among
some Clinton supporters and it is
honestly scared me because these
symptoms come from holding a
metaphorical loaded gun to the heads of
voters with the message of you can't let
this monster become president so you
must vote for me regardless this kind of
blackmail is a product of the two party
system and having Donald Trump there has
allowed Democrats to be more
militaristic and pro big money than they
should be I'd also like to add that the
outer touch nature of politicians and
media pundits has significant
consequences to all I want to say is
that anybody well from the Democratic
side of the fence who thinks that who's
who's terrified of the possibility of a
president Trump better vote better get
active better get involved because this
man has got some momentum and we better
be ready for the fact that he might be
leading the Republican ticket next I
know you don't believe that but I want
to go as someone living through the
political climate of brexit here in
England I have seen this sort of thing
play out in which people have suggested
even if not explicitly that those who
voted leave are either ignorant racist
or just obsessed with immigration it's
just highly irresponsible when you
categorize and label voters in
patronizing ways you only chip away at
the small amount of trust the public has
left in today's political and media
institutions and Trump is a result of
these systemic failures the business as
usual approach is not sustainable and
say politicians who believe that this
anti-establishment sentiment is just a
wave that will pass actually fail to see
the much bigger waves coming over the
horizon so what is the antidote to a
perceived and he establishment candidate
like Donald Trump I tell you what is not
one of the most establishment candidates
in American history and this is why fear
Trump is more likely to win than not
unless the Democratic Party get their
act together wake up acknowledge what
they've got wrong and show true
determination to fix those things when
you have Clinton supporters looking
confused as to why Sanders supporters
booing at the democratic national
convention that illustrates once again
the naivety on talking about and I
totally understand why the Bernie or
bust movement exists although I
personally wouldn't subscribe to that
notion come election day if I could vote
but I'll tell you one thing if you want
to get those people on side I probably
wouldn't confront them with things like
this to the Bernie or bust people
you're being ridiculous I mean what was
Sarah Silverman expecting they were all
going to turn around and go oh okay yeah
yeah we'll stop being ridiculous there
has been much speculation as to why
Bernie Sanders has endorsed Hillary
Clinton after everything he has
campaigned on the past year but I think
the answer is quite simple he honestly
believes that Hillary Clinton is a
better candidate than Donald Trump not
only that he also believes the movement
will make more progress under a Clinton
presidency than a trump one you may not
like this reality but unfortunately
these are the cards we have been dealt
and we all as individuals have to make a
decision and there is a long-term
strategy please check out brand new
Congress to org if you haven't already
it's amazing during an election where
the main choices between a warhawk and a
wannabe Warhawk where there are
interesting alternatives like Jill Stein
for the Green Party or gary johnson for
the Libertarian Party you do need to
think about playing the long game like
Bernie Sanders has been for so many
decades thousands booed Clinton's name
during the convention because they
wanted to send a message to the
Democratic Party to say this is not over
if you want the support of millions of
progressives you're going to have to
earn their vote they're not just going
to fall in line and more importantly
they wanted to send a message to say we
will not forget the promises you have
made during the primaries and we will
definitely not forget the actions you
took to hinder the Bernie Sanders
campaign now move it is looking for
someone to blame and there's emigrants
is it people on benefits it was a
fucking banks this show gee them doing
it on the fucking news I'm not the only
person that he made was that fucking
crazy generally remains me off it amazed
me watching Colombo at my granny when I
was we Colombo they'd show you the mud
that in the pre credit sequence it
wasn't who's done it it was a bit
Colombo proven it again at it and then
halfway through my granted always go I
think it was her name
this show Jim do never fucking people me
it's exactly the same thing while
staring I think it's always polish
country in the corner thankfully we now
have a generation of voters who use
technology to broaden their worldview
and a percentage of whom use it to hold
the powerful to account these are the
kinds of people that don't buy into the
simplicity of tribal politics they care
about ideas integrity and accountability
so saying things like I have better
policies and a better track record than
Donald Trump is just not good enough we
are currently in dangerous territory we
have one candidate who preaches fear
about what America is and we have a
candidate who vocalizes fear about what
America could become as a climate of
fear generates apathy and it causes
people to betray their own interests
from both sides I personally can't stand
Donald Trump but i can't stand hillary
clinton / but they are not the same you
don't win over the hearts and minds of
most people with fear or by telling
people what to do you need to inspire
and be convincing which is exactly what
the Hillary Clinton campaign need to do
by showing a commitment towards
progressive policies and values not just
through words but through actions as
well because the Democratic party
platform is non-binding and Tim Kaine
Clinton's VP choice is questionable so
in conclusion I have two main concerns
about this election cycle one that there
is a real risk of divisions taking place
among people who should be fighting
alongside each other for particular
causes they should be looking for common
ground and common purpose and working
together but my second concern is that
people are therefore afraid to be
intellectually honest about calling out
corruption or failings with political
candidates or institutions when they see
them and being intellectually honest and
finding unity shouldn't be mutually
exclusive there is a balance that can be
made so thank you so much for watching
this video I honestly can't wait to hear
your thoughts whether you're an American
or not an outsider like me looking in
whether you're a trump supporter a
Clinton supporter Sanders Stein Johnson
some
or perhaps no one let me know in the
comments of the video and if you'd be so
kind please give the video a like I make
weekly videos on a wide range of topics
on this channel so be sure to stick
around if you're new and hello and if
you really want to support me on a whole
nother level please visit Patrian com
four slash Myles Dyer you can support me
for as little as one dollar a month I do
weekly live shows and there's lots of
other great rewards worth checking out
so thank you for the support as always
and a dios till next time
you
