hey everyone hope all is well I have
been asked for many weeks and many
months by you guys for my thoughts on
the EU referendum should the UK choose
to stay in the european union or leave
it and i've stayed away from this for a
long time because I've honestly been
undecided and that's not to say I've
been sat on the fence it's more that
I've been jumping over it again and
again between both sides because I have
had so many problems with the European
Union for many years those of you who
know me will know that I am very anti
establishment I am so on who is for
decentralized more networked society I
think that centralized power is flawed
and I'm always looking at the best way
for us to achieve that goal which I
think will be helped with technology as
the advancements continue to accelerate
exponential rates I think we're going to
be seeing a very different world because
of Technology in the next 10 years and
so we're at a very interesting point and
although i wasn't going to make a video
on this because the referendum is
tomorrow and i was thinking of what to
do a video on it seemed absurd to do it
on any other topic than this so what I
wanted to do today was just to lay out
some thoughts I've been having
throughout this referendum campaign
which I'm sure you are all sick of as
much as I am due to the way it's been
run I think it's been quite ugly and
intellectually dishonest on both sides I
think that there's this perception from
the in campaign where they've been not
willing to talk about a lot of the
negatives that come with being in the EU
other than saying yes it needs reform
they seem scared to talk about that and
then on the left side they're unwilling
to go into details about what the
negatives are with leaving and I just
think that it's been a real shame
overall there are people i dislike on
both
of the campaign so I don't think you can
make a judgment on that but there are
people that i adore on both sides as
well and actually some people i like for
particular reasons but dislike or many
others so for example nigel farage i am
not a fan of at all but many years ago I
used to enjoy watching him completely
take on members of the European Union in
debates and just lay into them I used to
enjoy that it felt like the only
opportunity we had of you know fighting
back against this institution that is
seen as grossly undemocratic and then
there's people like daniel Hannan I
hopefully pronounce his name right who
is an MEP who is fully leave campaign
absolutely brilliant orator very arid I
articulate and he made a great closing
argument during a debate and a few weeks
ago which I loved and on and on the
inside I think there's a lot of great
people there but in terms of the key
issues the main one I want to talk about
today is immigration and then I'm going
to sort of go off in the direction of
the concept of democracy and the
European Union as a political and
economic institution to immigration has
been the biggest issue and I think we
need to be honest when we talk about can
immigration be a problem and the answer
is yes people often talk about the
notion of supply and demand and so the
bigger your population the greater the
demand and so if you have a constant
increase of immigration that demand is
going to go up and so it's a question of
are you going to be able to have supply
you know cater for that growing number
and what I find unfortunate is the EU
referendum is seen as the way we are
going to take back control of that when
we're basing this on years and years of
governments who have actually been under
funding our public services that is not
to say that immigration can't be a
problem and for those you that
no sort of my background I very much
look at things from a futuristic
perspective with the capabilities of
Technology and I'm very much an advocate
for something called a resource-based
economy which I don't think we're able
to achieve yet but i think we are moving
in that direction and that is the notion
that you scan the planet for resources
to see where they where the resource
pockets are four different materials and
then you work out the best way to
allocate them accordingly for the
carrying capacity of the planet and the
population that sits on that and that
and that is true with the world today if
you have wealth and income inequality
which goes across borders like many of
the issues that we talked about when
discussing whether or not to stay in or
not terrorism the refugee crisis tax
evasion if there is a growing economy if
jobs have been created somewhere which
has been the case in the UK now we can
argue what kind of jobs those are then
naturally people going to move in that
direction for a better life and so
there's been an argument that in the
European Union that they are trying to
create standards that stretch across all
of these countries so that there is more
encouragement for people to get jobs all
over the place so it kind of spreads the
the concentration of migration and many
would argue that hasn't worked but I
talked about the need for the supply of
public services and we've had a
government that is happily gone on with
austerity they've not apologize for it
they say it's necessary but then they're
not willing to talk about the problems
with immigration so it has to be one of
those things or in fact it can be both
but people have often talked about how
immigration has had a net contribution
in terms of the amount of money that
they bring to our economy but then it's
a question of how much of that money
then gets invested into the public
services needed for that growing
population I would argue it's not being
used that way and so we have a
population as I've mentioned already
that are voting on the EU
around immigration when we've actually
not seen our society function in a
sustainable way with measures and
policies that our governments could
control and make decisions on because
it's not a part of their ideology and
this makes me think of a known Chomsky
quite around privatization which I think
sums up the broader problem with all of
this we can even look at when
conservatives in both the leave and in
campaigns are asked about you know these
numbers they give of what levels they
want to have immigration at and how that
non EU immigration is way above what
they said and conservatives in the in
campaign and in the lead campaign
probably poor choice of words there have
said yes yes we need to do better on
that but then you're arguing some of
them that we need to leave the EU so we
can take more control on this and where
we do have control they're not making
enough progress now you may say yeah we
should get rid of the current government
and have a new one that may be so I just
feel like people a lot of people don't
realize the potential we have to have a
really prosperous society because for so
long we've just lived we're in a society
where the reality is austerity that's
the way things are and it creates an
us-versus-them mentality it creates a
race to the bottom and I think that
leaving would perpetuate that and that's
a real concern I have and I don't want
to get too off topic here although i
think it is related in some ways but if
we look at the panama papers which
revealed that there are tens of
trillions of dollars being sat on in
this world in offshore havens that is
not being invested anywhere not being
invested into public services into
infrastructure all these things it's
just been sat on an accumulating more
well through interest etc and I find
that incredibly frustrating because it
means that we do have the potential to
feed howls clove provide public services
for everybody on this planet so there is
not this divisive a feeling of hitting a
dog-eat-dog world out there and so
income and wealth inequality is a real
issue we need to look at of how do we
raise tax revenues to pay for the
services that is needed to be done by
government and the last thing I'd say on
immigration and just to take one step
further back is one of the reasons this
has become such a huge problem is
firstly the government's not being
willing to talk honestly about it for
all the reasons I've explained already
but secondly of why this has been caused
now I'm going to give you one reason and
I'm not saying this answers everything
and this is of course up for debate but
neoliberalism has been a problem for
decades now where the Western world has
been happy to exploit other countries
extract their resources and not invest
back into them because we want to take
that wealth and you know profits for
ourselves and that adds to the income
and wealth inequality across the world
it's why some countries have such
terrible working conditions it's why
some countries have such poor employment
levels and naturally people will want to
then move to other places where it's
better and where it's better tends to be
those countries that free neoliberalism
have reaped the most rewards and so I
think we need to look at how do we
create a world where there is investment
all over the place so we can spread out
wealth and prevent these concentrations
that cause mass influxes of emigration
immigration that concerns so many people
and when I talk about these issues that
go across borders climate change
terrorism the refugee crisis tax
avoidance this moves us onto the other
big issue which is the notion of
sovereignty and democracy which is
something I've had a huge problem with
with the European Union accountability
it's so so important but for the reasons
I've said already about our government
and what their views are within our own
country with the things they can control
I do wonder how many of these people
that oppose the undemocratic parts of
the EU actually opposed the fact we have
an undemocratically elected head of
state the royal family
and we have a House of Lords which i
think is of around 800 people I wonder
if we should get our own house sorted
first and then we look at the bigger
picture but some of you may argue it
should be done the other way around we
should release the shackles from the EU
and then we can deal with these things
but i bet you a lot of the people that
are in government for the lead campaign
wouldn't want to reform those particular
things and it also brings us to the
romanticized idea of the EU and great
britain on the in campaign some have
this romanticized idea of the EU as such
a fantastic institute which is in some
ways but i think it's overly played out
and to the point that i find it gross
and actually with a lot of the people
that want out say you know don't
underestimate the power of great britain
and there's a lot of nationalism i don't
mean that you know in a racist way
although there are some of those tones
there but I mean nationalism is
something I have a problem with
generally it's not that I hate Britain
it's that I look onwards to creating a
global world of unity and this leads me
to my final point which is there's a lot
of talk about experts some say we've had
enough of the experts some people
believe the experts are the
establishment that are just going to do
what they can for their own personal
gain I think it's important that you
look to the experts that have always
influenced you with other decisions and
you have certain influences some of you
may trust my opinion on some of this
although i'm not here to tell you about
which way to vote just thoughts i've had
on this issue but someone who has had a
huge influence on my life because a lot
of what he writes about echoes my own
experiences with being a youtuber for 10
years seeing what the internet can do
for unifying people across borders
whether that be free charity work like
stick aid or through activism or
political discourse or mental health his
name's jeremy rifkin and he's actually
working with the German Chancellor on
creating a an economy that is based on
renewable energies and things like that
and
he wrote a book which is my Bible I mean
it's big enough to be one and it's
called the empathic civilization the
race to global consciousness in a world
in crisis and I'm just going to quickly
summarize one of the main points in that
book he talks about global empathy and
the history of mankind and how empathy
has evolved over the centuries he starts
off with hunter-gatherers communication
only reached as far as we could shout
and therefore our empathy reached as far
as blood ties if there was someone who
was living at the other side of a
mountain they would be the other they
would be the alien the person we had to
be cautious of we can trust them and
then over the years blood ties became
religious ties we had massive
communities where people identified
commonalities with those who practice
the same religion so we had the Jewish
communities Christian Muslim and then
through the industrial revolution the
Agricultural Revolution we then have
national identities France Germany the
United Kingdom and jeremy's point in the
book is if we've made it this far we've
gone from the hunter-gatherers whose
empathy early stretch as far as they
could shout to religious ties and now to
national identities why can't that
transcend to a higher level of a global
empathic civilization and for me that is
such an important point and as I
mentioned earlier in this video there
are going to be a lot of technological
changes that going to be coming in in
the next 10 15 20 years that are going
to change the way we are connected
whether that be real-time translation so
we can speak across languages whether
it's the way that we're able to become
prosumers where we're all producing and
taking from a digital system with really
printing and things like that automated
transport which will take us away from
an ownership economy to one that is just
around access the shared economy these
are big changes but when these big
changes happen it means there's going to
be a lot of volatility and my concern is
at
this moment in time although I've been
someone who has wanted us to leave the
EU in the past I think even when the
referendum seemed like it was going to
be cooled I was like I can't wait for us
to vote hell I've really thought about
this hard and I've realized that with
those that are in charge at the moment
and I'm not just talking about the
Conservatives I'm talking about the
political class and establish
establishment as a whole there's a
political power struggle going on in the
world and different power structures
keep each other in check and I think
that it's an important thing to maintain
until technology connects us all on a
whole new level where grassroots efforts
have more influence and bottom-up
policymaking becomes more prevalent and
so for me it's kind of I am a brexit ER
in many ways but I don't think now is
the right time and so tomorrow and I'm
literally a few days ago I was for
brexit a few days before that it was for
staying in I have been jumping over the
fence many many times I've been really
annoyed with how our governments have
used the EU to scapegoat their own
decision-making and I think there's been
just a lot of dishonesty overall also
when having a referendum where it's
around 50 50 I think that's also a
concerning time to make such a drastic
decision however if you're so on who is
voting to leave I tightly respect that
and I totally understand the many
reasons for doing that I'm just
explaining that I think in the long run
and in terms of the technological
changes we're about to see I think we're
too early for doing this and that we
need to just hold our breaths a bit
longer and my hope is that if we do stay
in there's going to be a lot more focus
on how the EU works I think the EU is
going to feel a lot more under the
spotlight than it is now and hopefully
it will cause for more activism and more
bottom up participation where we can
actually
inject a lot more accountability into
the political and economic system that
is currently at play so I appreciate
this was a bit of a ramble but I just
wanted to make some thoughts clear that
I will be voting remain and if you have
got a vote tomorrow use it whatever way
you choose so thank you for listening I
really look forward to hearing your
thoughts in the comments please be
respectful of one another and a DA till
next time
