I think the interesting thing about the
question of do young people care about
mass surveillance or do young people
care about civil liberties around
privacy I think when EDD Miliband came
and spoke it was really interesting
there was a lot of jokes among the
audience of all there goes miles talking
about mass surveillance but afterwards
and everyone was crowded around our
Miliband's and I went over and they were
all asking him about it and I think it
goes to a broader question which is how
does a society function with democracy
if and how do the electorate help
influence policy and give consent if
they're not knowledgeable about it and I
think the real concrete issues with GCHQ
is reports come out recently from a
secret tribunal which is the first in
history that has found that the acts of
GCHQ between 2007 and 2014 was illegal
what can labour do to stand up against
it because there was a few things that
had spoke about the first question I
asked in which he didn't answer was can
he do his job if GCHQ have access to his
personal email he didn't answer that and
the next thing he brought up was well
yeah absolutely this is a global issue
and it's a absolutely and he then
brought up Lee Rigby and the Willett and
he said I understand you care about
civil liberties miles but think about
Lee Rigby's family which I thought was
an interesting emotional twist on on the
answering the question because I
followed that story very well and
actually if you look at what happened
the authorities knew about these people
they were talking on facebook one of the
commissioners talking about this GCHQ
said that Facebook is a safe haven for
terrorism it's very Orwellian language
and so when I see Theresa May and she
actually popped round my house the other
day because she I mean not just randomly
I I'm in maidenhead and she was
campaigning and I think
you couldn't have picked a worse door to
knock on she and she was very good about
it and she sent me a letter afterwards
before the report came out it being
illegal but who's going to stand up to
the conservatives that are doing the
snoopers charter if we're going to call
it that because as far as I was
concerned ed miliband is so terrified of
if we don't take action he told me
afterwards if a terrorist attack happens
and we haven't put through legislation
the media's going to eat you up and I
feel like how can we how can we dictate
how can we run policy if it's based on
fear and I just say a few things here I
think that there's a balance that you've
got strike and it's a very difficult
back yes between civil liberties which
are extremely important and also safety
and allowing the security services who
were aware that keep us safe to do their
job properly and in order to see that
they're doing their job properly you
have to have proper accountability of
the security services yes now I think
some extent we we we still struggle with
that where's the legal for sonia's well
but but the fact that it's found out
that they were doing something that
wasn't legal is actually quite important
and it means that at least a bit of the
system if somewhat belatedly is worked
and you've begun to get that
accountability so we have to find ways
of getting making sure that the security
services who in general you know they're
there to do a job in protecting us and
but do so with the appropriate respect
our civil liberties and parliament has a
role in in the joint security committee
at the moment in trying to ensure that
mi5 and mi6 are accountable for what
they do they're also accountable to the
government you then have this worry that
you're understandably talking about
about the capacity for mass surveillance
which has come with the new technologies
that we've got specifically the world
wide web collecting metadata on all of
those things and I think having lived in
a world where that didn't happen where
there was a chance to have privacy I'm
far less certain now that real privacy
the way that the web was developed his
actual
be attainable now there are ways I know
if you talk to Tim berners-lee and
people like that that you can redesign
the web to create whatever she isn't but
there is also an issue that Apple Google
and all of the big companies that have
actually created this infrastructure and
controlling now don't want it to be
encrypted in quite that way because they
actually quite like to be able to throw
advert shatters which demonstrate which
respond to the kind of searching we've
been doing on the web we've all got that
you know you have a look for a new car
and all of a sudden you get cars
constantly whenever you go on your bone
or you you compute it so I think there
are some big profound issues about the
meaning of privacy and how we can
balance civil liberties and safety which
it's hard to slogan eyes about in you
know Tim berners-lee you mentioned he
talks about having a digital Magna Carta
yeah I think I think that's a really
good and interesting idea and I think
that we need to explore that kind of
concept for the new structures that we
find ourselves assisting in what's going
in the policy because that's exploring
and we seem to agree on some level is to
it but what's going in like what's going
to change it's actually going to just
like John very quick point to this which
is that I think one of the problems that
we've had in this country over a very
long period of time is that the debate
around civil liberties has only taken
place in the heat and passion of a
tragedy or a terrorist incident I think
one of the things that Labour could do
and we haven't committed to this but
it's something that I think is worth
putting on the agenda is we could commit
having that debate as fully and openly
as possible at a time when we're not
really no we've definitely had to
terrorism a second second so this is
this is a fair point and actually when
ed told me about the fear I respect that
like as human beings and we can look at
the military industrial complex in the
u.s. like Barack Obama will get told by
the Secret Service we need investment
for the military to prevent this is he
going to be the one that says know if he
has to trust their advice so we have to
what they say but I find that in the
political sphere at the moment we can
look at all issues immigration we can
look at surveillance and terrorism at
the economy in dealing with the deficit
the Conservatives are not with them at
all and agree with what they say but
they are battering labor in with the
rhetoric of we are tougher on dick
dealing with terrorism because if you
were to try and defend civil liberties
it but then you might let a terrorist
attack and so when David Miliband at
story of Ed Miliband heroin it yeah I
know I was safe heaven and through that
during leaders life so when Ed Miliband
and said to me about the Lee Rigby thing
it angered me because I was like I want
him to be on my side like I want someone
in Parliament so when the Conservatives
at the moment are talking about getting
rid of encryption you can look at the
conservative sorry it's encrypted well
well it works anything about I would say
about that I don't think I genuinely
don't think that that was about being
worried about the media I think there is
suddenly a media storm that makes it
very hard to have a rational sensible
debate around these things when you have
tragic episodes like the Lee Rigby
murder which was quite close to home for
me but I think what he's much more
mindful of actually is that the
responsibility on politicians to make
sensible decisions about that balance
between people security and safety and
about civil liberties and I don't think
you can accuse I'd Miliband of not being
brave you know he spent the last week
being absolutely attacked across the
media for standing up to people very
wealthy people in corporations who don't
pay their taxes and I'm not she's out of
the way but but I think one of the
biggest things that we could do is
commit to having this debate in this
discussion in Parliament led by a Labour
government where we didn't start from
exactly that point that you talked about
where the Tories say it because it's got
any comfortable so that's my original
point which is do young people care
about civil liberties and surveillance
and privacy it's actually does anyone
care about it and what you find is
people do care about it when they know
about it and to what extent is our
networked world now can you actually
have it because Facebook and the way
that young people use facebook is fine
and fun as it far as it goes but they
can't have a white fat right history so
it's very different from my childhood I
mean I'd the Facebook didn't I'm so old
Facebook didn't exist when I was a child
and my goodness would I I can't remember
what I might have right written but but
you and kids now put it all up online
and this is why such trees are may I
said that a lot of the political class
social media has been around maybe let's
say 15 years let's say that so people
who have a young age have lived
discovered who they are online with a
digital footprint and they are having
legislation put by a political elite who
don't have an Internet past and there's
that big disconnect there and I just
think that is one issue but we talk
about like what is the role of
government to protect the people to
educate because obviously there are a
lot of things that go behind closed
doors with what Facebook and Google are
doing on my own YouTube channel I
research quite easily on your iPhone but
a lot of people don't realize location
settings you look on it it will tell you
the exact time you've left your street
that should be a government the
government should be educating people
about their I got encryption for my
phone and it was saying I'm mentioned to
Ed within six weeks i had two thousand
attempts on public Wi-Fi on
Underground's to access my phone in my
data suck up my email info you know and
I'm educating people when people get
interested it's like wow I didn't know
this exists like we as a public can do
that but like that's why you actually
need to have the debate before you
decide what action yeah so you're saying
what is in the manifesto I think we have
to have the debate about what that
balance between security and safety and
privacy how is that written where I
yesterday because I'm actually write
that it's not going to be a talking
point of the election and that's what
really angry is one I think it will be a
talking point at the election because of
the issues that are before us already
with counterterrorism and all of those
things but what I suppose we're both
saying and I think what you're saying as
well if we need a much deeper debate
it about the implications of some of
this technology where it's going is it
good it was it that we can anticipate is
there it is there a sort of suggestion
that you've got maybe about how we could
mainstream that into a manifesto whether
it's the young britain manifesto or our
party manifesto about a commitment to
secure that kind of what is it the whole
digital Magna Carta thing sounds a bit
of a cliche like it's very easy to give
it that title but you know digital
rights and it's also hard because it's a
global issue and you know with what they
say is varies doing in that mean for
example just just to give you an example
where the with websites we had a
constituent of mine attacked by fascists
on his front doorstep and they had this
thing called red watch that they put him
up on telling everybody all the other
thugs where he lived so that he would be
beat not need to get beaten up and his
daughter was put in a very difficult
situation and so I did a debate about it
on an adjournment debate saying the
government can we take this website down
you know it's being hosted its orbits
inciting violence violence has happened
what are you going to do about it and
they basically said or when would you
know we can't do anything so this is
other issues as well as as well as these
issues of your privacy that are about
incitement criminality child pornography
and abuse all of those things and the
answers to them are a lot harder than
they used can you have something
concrete in your manifesto because what
a lot of people who grew up under the
last Labour government remember what a
labor the government did to civil
liberties and I was 42 day detention and
that was the Iraq war and that was ID
cards and these things you know stick in
the minds of people and so what we
really want is something concrete so
that you know we can hold you to account
because last time you didn't do a very
good job I mean you know putting you on
the spot so it doesn't have to be right
now but if you have a suggestion around
that we would really welcome it and
particularly you know in the next few
days I think
a digital Magna Carta sounds or a
digital Bill of Rights or something
similar sounds something that can be
concrete and and can you can see what
your rights are yeah yeah that and even
though it is it's a tagline the digital
magna carta de saints you have to pop
yeah yeah yeah d and definitely would
neither the final point I was going to
make was off of branching of this is
when you look at like the Ripper
legislation as well which is when it was
actually discussed and put through there
was a lot of caveats that weren't
discovered until May public till
recently which is it actually involves
lawyers and journalists and I think
that's also incredibly scary of how
people lawyers are you know doctors how
can people like that do their job and it
goes back to the question I said about
can he do his job if all his personal
emails are in you know access can be
accessed by GCHQ and I just feel like
that the Cessna encryption and like you
know we can debate about all these
issues now I think we all agree on the
values of no actually only GCHQ they
should be worried about I mean no the
hacking the phone hacking your
revelations demonstrate that actually
the news of the world was routinely
right hacking people's my crowbar the
difference is private differences how do
you say that systems GCHQ is paid by
taxes as well and there's a big
difference because if we are paying
taxes because and me we have to or else
we go to jail yep and they are doing it
GCHQ needs to be properly accountable to
the people in our democracy that
represent people and that's what I was
talking about earlier how you have
accountability for what the security
services do but likewise i think that
commercial companies be they the new the
defunct news of the world or other
companies also need to be accountable
for how they behave at when they're
breaking the law as well which they
clearly were doing about you know he's
pro proper structures that are thorough
about being accountable we need to kind
of put these policies in place and come
up with some kind of Magna Carta but you
also need to pledge to educate people
about that magma heart join me like this
oh well it be
she don't try to get lost and ice that
is something that I let it to every
every house of the whole country we
might here are your eyes yeah it's
interesting because this point about
education hasn't really come up so far I
think I'm right in saying through the
consultation that we've done with young
people but these are real issue actually
so I'm glad that you've put it on our
agenda and I don't know exactly what the
best way to do that is whether it's part
of a you know revisited sort citizenship
package or we we control the curriculum
and I think it's an honor curriculum is
embarrassing like the fact I'm 25 I
don't completely understand how
Parliament works you know and that's
that's something I'm not I'm not from an
under privileged background by any
stretch of the imagination it would find
bad parliamentarians well thank you but
that's something that we are actually in
control of its not some smoke emitting I
don't know I nobody knows about it as a
curriculum everybody has to attend
school we choose the curriculum and it
should be an education it's all about
going should we have more life skills at
schools like a first aid and you know
digital rights like why we're committed
to introducing sex and relationships
educational to the curriculum so that
young people have the tools that they
need to keep themselves safe and we've
we talked about that as being online
skills as what you know keeping safer on
the online community as well as in the
real world so I think the point that you
make about protecting your data keeping
yourself safe and when you're using
social media and understanding the
implications of the choices that you're
making I think these are all points that
are really well made and it's definitely
something that we need to think about my
final quick question about privacy and I
respect whatever answer you give we talk
about telling you in the air for
accountability so would we all agree
that thank God we have people like
Edward Snowden who come forward and
exposed the illegal tease that took
place well I think Edward Snowden is a
mixed bag okay um partially because he
he put a lot of people at risk in just
making all of that stuff Willie nearly
whatever it was was it willingly though
it was it just just released all of it
so you know there's some very important
issues that he's brought to light by
doing it but he's also I think
shown a lack of consideration and
concern for the implications of some of
the information that he's released so I
think he's a mix back from that point of
view and whistleblowers are always
important but just being completely
indiscriminate about it i think is it
would have spoiled it up because i
completely agree with that but what it
tells you i think is the power of data
and information and who controls
information which is at the heart of a
lot of the things that you're the NSA
now talking about replacing all workers
with algorithms in the future because
you won't have a they went over well
editions one of the things that we have
been exploring really seriously is how
we open up more data and information to
not just to outside of Whitehall and
Westminster but actually to citizens in
a way that citizens can access and use
in order to inform the choices that they
make and how they hold their own
services to account and there's some
stunning examples of how that's been
done around the country but they are
they are isolated examples and we've
been looking really seriously through
the policy review that genre de San
Angelo a leading to see how we can
mainstream that information knowledge is
power and has to be used wisely and with
respect for people and their safety and
their private life but if we can open
that up much more I think we'll end up
with much better public services and
probably a much more equal society as
well everyone always has an issue of
what is key for them who they're gonna
vote for in the election and I quite
openly say although I have a real
trouble one thing to vote for labor I
have said that if they did come forward
and take a stand for civil liberties and
privacy they would have my way I just
want a party with that can do real
momentum just to make a stand she live
him Wicked no okay fine why yeah you've
got to resume everything yeah yeah keep
she was lucky as lovely and she sent me
a letter afterwards before the thing
came out saucier idea a date yeah yeah
no I respect her but I just don't
respect her stance on it yep yeah okay
well we've heard that definitely but
this interesting you talk about you know
in the console
tations you don't hear it from young but
I think it's cuz they just don't know
like I've heard things around this so
for example at the event where we
launched the shape your future
consultation you know issues like
snapchat k yeah yeah and so we we have
there are questions along with theme
that I think have been raised with us
quite a more but we have been happier
best kind of decision doesn't it yeah
but I mean the report today that
basically said that half of all girls
have been have been bullied and sort of
into sex or sexual acts I mean it's just
astonishing the amount of pressure that
has been put on young girls now by some
of these new technologies the cyber
bullying the thing that that term that
canna press boys as well as girls at
really difficult times it's just it's
just something that's that where the
technologies gone far ahead of where
sort of debate in society has gone and
we've really got to get a handle on the
sheer pressure the young boys and girls
are under I mean boys and girls when
they're young adolescents or even
younger now and being put under by the
power of social media I put to you that
that's actually not social media and I'd
say while it's now trackable and visible
that's been happening I wouldn't want to
say worse but that's been happening for
generations like that none of your bees
but it's a bit no actually now it's
possible now we can be productive
yesterday me that's why we have
responsibility to change Vegas not
socially I really agree with you it's a
societal problem yeah but I think there
is something about I think it isn't it I
think there's something about what's
happened online that we haven't created
the same safety structures that we have
in society in the online community I see
those traditional structures failing all
the time as sure I'm sure I think it
right and not got it already look I
think look we need to be I don't think
it is easy to say let's fix Facebook
actually but I think the problem is that
we've we've we've started to really get
this issue on to the agenda in the last
few years and a lot of my labor
colleagues have really really pushed
this so that you know we've had these
debates about sex and relationship
education why don't you boys understand
concepts like consent in an astonishing
minority of
cases what can we do to equip girls with
tools to be able to push back against
some of this and we've had those debates
but it's got to move into the online
sphere as well absolutely but let's not
having regulated internet because I
don't think that's what I me young what
I want to see is words like consent in
your manifesto I don't want to see let's
regulate facebook I want to see let's
tackle the problems behind what's both
breasts I said facebook on the side of
that pink books and see if well we can
change the color maybe I love it forget
it maybe we don't need a driver up
anyway yeah I know that's the stuff i
wanna see I don't want to see Facebook's
broken we need to fit in you know or
social media has amplified a problem I
think there's been abuse for a very long
time but now we have that social
responsibility to see it and really
tackle it yeah rather than it being
behind closed doors and trackable in
letters yeah brilliant over me thank you
so much she gets going really appreciate
it gosh Paxman would be proud literally
gonna leave London now right why I am I
commuted ah yeah we go I mean we could
go a cliche here I don't know what just
just finish my point yeah the cliche we
could go with is terrorists want to take
away our freedom or they're winning
they're winning if we're given up our
civil liberties
