they demand for you to trust in them
protection over freedom and so there is
no need to question sedated by deception
however then amongst the crowds are
individuals who shout true floud those
in charge try to stamp out doubt but
it's too late because we've found you
out now the truth has been unveiled
courage is contagious refocus light up
the world light up the world
once we know it cannot be unknown
looking away is to condone Minds
conscious with conscience lead the way
dismantle global dismay
self-preservation its outcry with lie
after lie after lie but there can be no
more doubt and no excuses because we've
found you out now the truth has been
unveiled courage is contagious refocus
light up the world light up the world
we found you out we found you out we'll
take you on knowing who you are and what
you've done we are awake unwilling to
pay for your mistakes we won't stand
down mass fraud will sink you and you
will drown we have the proof you kill
the messengers but not the truth
