hey everyone hope all is well if you are
one of the many lovely people who has
subscribed to my youtube channel for the
more lighthearted content I produce
please bear with me for the next several
minutes I need you to hear this and if
you are one of the many lovely people
who are subscribed for the more serious
content I make then well today's your
lucky day
a few years ago I started something
called the universal solutions project
it was an ambitious strategy that aimed
to help educate the global population
enough that people would become
self-governing and therefore the need
for a centralized government no longer
exists I think I said it was ambitious
if you haven't already please do check
out my talk realise and empathize I
discuss some cool YouTube experiences
I've had and the universal solutions
project in more detail I'll put a link
at the end of this video right now human
civilization is facing total collapse
politically economically and
environmentally however due to the
exponential growth of technological
capabilities we have the opportunity to
turn this all around how by
decentralizing everything the problem is
the world's most powerful establishments
don't want this to happen and therefore
it's up to our generation to ensure that
it does let me explain
there are so many examples of top-down
systems in today's society some of which
that are already in the process of
becoming decentralized so let's go
through some of them number one the
music industry traditionally consumers
would be primarily influenced on what
music to listen to
based on chart shows radio playing
magazines those sort of things and
musicians would only really have an
opportunity to build a sustainable fan
base if they were represented by a
record label that could give them access
to these outlets but thanks to the
internet and file-sharing consumers are
now exposed to vaster quantities and
varieties of music on platforms that
bypass these traditional outlets I mean
think about it when you normally ask
someone what sort of music they're into
they usually give the answer a bit of
everything because this technology has
allowed people to broaden their horizons
and really mix things up whereas before
the days of the internet you would tend
to trade tapes or CDs with your friends
your local communities that would
usually not always be into similar music
as for musicians recording producing
marketing sharing and playing music has
never been so cheap and easy to do yes I
know the market is more saturated but
people all over the world are only a few
clicks away from listening to whatever
music they want and therefore the
monopoly has been taken away from the
traditional massive record labels number
two movies and television now these are
following a similar pattern to the music
industry because it all revolves around
the sharing of information now
traditionally these industries are
controlled by broadcasters and
distributors now compare this to the
more decentralized version of the
industry where anyone can upload content
online the quality of production values
are so high these days without needing
those Hollywood budgets you don't need
to worry about film ratings and you can
build your own audiences yourself
without needing it signed off by someone
in some high office the decentralization
of these industries is really evident in
today's society for example take a look
at the decline of movie theater sales as
home cinema
become cheaper and more advanced movie
studios and television broadcasters are
losing their monopoly number three news
the largest news organizations have a
huge influence on what information is
known amongst the general public mergers
are constantly happening between them
which leads to less competition less
diversity and therefore a greater
ability to push forward a political or
corporate agenda the internet has taken
on this top-down approach by allowing
alternative media and citizen journalism
to thrive which is fantastic because it
means if a multi-million dollar news
organization was to put out a story of
misinformation it can be exposed and
challenged by just one individual in the
world
who post an article of their own online
with evidence proving otherwise take
whistleblower Edward Snowden for example
who exposed the NSA mass surveillance
program in the United States he said on
a recent TED talk I am living proof that
an individual can go head-to-head
against the most powerful adversaries
and the most powerful intelligence
agencies around the world and win that
is something we need to take hope from
number four education I'm sure many of
you will agree with me that the current
system is outdated because it's
centralized at the moment government's
set the requirements via examples of
what students must learn to pass exams
and therefore get qualifications to
obtain jobs in later life if there are
any jobs out there what is the value of
education and is that the same as the
cost I don't think so
one of the biggest debates we see
happening again and again around the
world is of tuition fees is it fair that
students and sometimes their families
get burdened with immense debts that
they have to pay back before they've
even started their first job main job
again if there is one out there for them
but then I go on the internet to the
Stanford University YouTube channel and
there I can watch an entire module an
entire series of lectures you think how
much you would have to pay to go to
university to see that that is not
diminishing the value of education it's
very valuable but when you think of the
physical cost
does it make sense the way this
centralized system currently runs
because these videos should be shared
with the world knowledge is power and we
should be sharing as much knowledge as
we can which is currently what's
happening online outside of these
education systems
I remember when starting my psychology
degree at university the head of our
year made this speech about how you are
not paying for a degree which is kind of
true you have to put in a lot of hard
work it's not like you pay for the
course and therefore you get one however
you kind of are paying for a degree
because they are the gatekeepers for
future employment success to a certain
extent unless you get these degrees you
won't have the credentials to further
your career but what we're seeing again
and again happening now is employers
uninterested in degrees so much unless
it's a specialized subject they're more
interested in your experience which
doesn't necessarily exist within these
traditional confines of schools and
universities and even if you don't agree
that online resources are good enough
and reliable enough yet they will be one
day we're getting there
and so by decentralizing the education
system the cost of education will go
down but the value of education is still
the same education still helped Society
number five research this is a fantastic
example of decentralization because
personal computers of today have better
more advanced capabilities than industry
standard ones of the 20th century so for
example PlayStation 3 users could
dedicate the processing power of their
consoles to medical research when
they're not gaming or think about flight
mh370 people all over the world could
log online and help with the search by
scanning satellite images of the oceans
this technology has allowed for a more
collaborative approach for tasks that
were originally more centralized
number-6 manufacturing this industry
traditionally uses huge amounts of time
money and energy you have to obtain the
resources to create the product then
actually produce it then market it sell
it and then have the consume
take it with all the transportation
occurs in between compare this to 3d
printing which uses about one tenth of
the energy and one tenth of the
materials designers can upload their
creations online and consumers can
download those creations and manufacture
them wherever they are this technology
is going to revolutionize the world and
completely decentralized manufacturing
as we know it today
number seven energy right now the world
relies on centralized energy that being
nuclear and fossil fuels centralized
power is not beneficial for society as a
whole
consumers are at the mercy of energy
suppliers who control the prices
disasters at nuclear reactors can be
absolutely devastating and if a power
supply gets knocked out it can affect a
wide area and if your prices go up it
can bring the world to its knees for
example in July 2008 crude oil peaked
147 dollars 30 per barrel on the world
markets and therefore everything on the
world's supply chain shut up because
almost everything in the world today is
either made of or transported by fossil
fuels it's all connected these problems
could very well happen again
but consider this around most buildings
there is sunlight wind heat under the
ground renewable energy and yet it does
cost to build the tools to tap into
these resources but once that is done
buildings will become self-sustaining
decentralized and be able to exchange
with the world energy that it produces
to deal with surpluses and deficits why
aren't we doing this and when you
consider how much influence energy
companies have on governments and
therefore public policy through lobbying
can you see why the centralizing energy
would actually be good for democracy at
the start of this video I mentioned the
goal of the universal solutions project
to help empower people so they become
more self-governing and therefore the
need for centralized power no longer
exists unfortunately society is not
mature enough yet to make this a reality
because we are still stuck in a paradigm
where we rely on centralized power but
we are getting there and upon realizing
these things I mentioned in the video
I also realized that the universal
solutions project is not the end goal
because it itself is a centralized
system of information anywhere there is
centralized information centralized
authority centralized wealth or the
centralization of energy there is a
heightened risk for the abuse and the
manipulation of others the
establishments that currently control
the power structures will feel
increasingly threatened in the coming
years due to these emerging technologies
and therefore will do whatever they can
to justify their existence could it be
possible that the top polluters in the
United States are amongst the most
influential members of the energy Lobby
could it be possible that central banks
want digital currencies to fail and
could it be possible that media giants
want to dismantle net neutrality these
sort of things are exactly why our
generation is about to have the fight of
our lives and we must do all that we can
to ensure that whenever someone objects
to decentralize power we ask them and
find out why do you want technology to
enslave us then stick with centralized
power but if you are like me and want
technology to liberate the world it is
time to decentralize everything
I'm really looking forward to hearing
your thoughts in the comments below and
if this made you look at the bigger
picture then please share this with
everyone you know I think this is
something our generation really needs to
think about IDs until next time
