hey everyone today marks 68 days since I
first sustained my head injury so as a
quick update thank you for all the kind
messages I've been receiving it means a
lot because I have been spending most of
my time just stuck indoors doing nothing
just resting and dating myself up on
medications help with travel sickness
and when I say travel sickness I mean
the sickness you get from traveling by
foot if that's you know not depressing
enough for you it's gonna be a very
gradual recovery and but positive
mentality I just gotta keep going anyway
that aside today I want to talk about
childhood now growing up as a kid I'm
sure you used to believe some pretty
crazy things that later turned out not
to be true now I'm not talking about the
big cliches in life like Santa Claus the
Easter Bunny the tooth fairy
I'm talking about more specific personal
experiences and so I thought I'd share
with you today for a bit of fun some of
the silly things I used to believe
growing up as a kid
number one the world used to be black
and white when I first saw black and
white footage on television I honestly
thought that was how life used to be
back in the day I didn't go as far as to
believe that people moved around that
quickly but I did believe that color was
only a recent occurrence in life it was
only when I asked my parents at what
point in life did color come in that I
realized it had always been that way
whoops number two we are full of blood
when I was little whenever I saw someone
cut themselves you would tend to see
blood pour out and I would always think
where does that blood come from well I
used to think that our bodies were kind
of hollow just completely filled up with
blood with the organs the bones the
muscles just sitting in there and that
was how blood was everywhere around us
well after attending only a few basic
biology classes at school it turns out
the blood is in the capillaries the
arteries the veins they're in blood
vessels I know I'm such a show-off
they call me dr. Dyer they don't they
don't and that'd be a terrible name for
a doctor and speaking of doctors number
three doctors could fix anything I think
this one is a common misconception
amongst children because when we are
young we do have this very simplistic
view of the world believing that doctors
could make everything better the fact
that there is no such thing as
complications human errors negligence or
terminal illnesses and it was losing my
grandfather to cancer when I was very
little
they're definitely shattered that
misconception but I'm sure this
childhood naivety applies to many
professions such as police officers
always believing that they would get the
bad guy
or politicians they will always make
society function okay number four the
phrase was making ends meet
now I always knew what the phrase
actually meant having just enough money
to pay for the things that you need most
but it was the phrase itself I
misunderstood I thought it was meat as
in animal flesh not metres in the coming
together of things I just had it in my
mind that this phrase was a metaphor
about only having enough money to buy
the cheapest least appetizing option
available at a butcher's
the end pieces of meat now this fourth
example of naivety I like to class as a
childhood hangover
why because I only realize my mistake
about that phrase two years ago at the
grand age of twenty five up to that
point I'd always use the phrase
correctly in conversation but never in a
way that exposed to others my wrong
perception of the phrase itself for me
this proves an important point about how
our knowledge can only evolve if we
challenge ourselves through open and
honest discussions living is an
ever-evolving process of the heart and
mind we are born into a world we want to
understand and it's that thirst for
knowledge that keeps many of us going
when children question or anyone does we
should respect their curiosity and do
whatever we can to help them discover
the answers that they are after making
ends meet may not be the most important
thing to correct in the world right now
but it just goes to show that sometimes
things go under the radar some things
that we believe as a kid sticks with us
through to adulthood
so finally I'd love to hear about the
strange and funny things used to believe
as a young child perhaps you had some
childhood hangovers of your own like the
example I gave let us know in the
comments below or do a video response
I'd love to make this one of those
YouTube tag videos if you respond to
this with a video listing your things
then consider yourself tagged thanks for
watching as always be sure to click the
like button and subscribe as I try and
fight this head injury and try and get
back into making regular videos thank
you as always a Dios til next time
