hey everyone it's been approximately 4
million seconds since i received my head
injury and although i'm making some good
progress i've still got a way to go and
the past few days i've not been feeling
particularly great and so i wasn't
planning on making a video this week if
it wasn't for the fact that i do have
some huge news to announce as a Friday
of last week I resigned from my job at
Channel flip for those of you that don't
know channel flip is a UK multi-channel
network that I've been working for the
past three years with the job role of
YouTube marketing Jedi I was first
approached by them in 2011 because the
company wanted to engage with the
YouTube community and become a place
that could help content creators take
their projects to the next level I was
currently working in construction as a
labourer doing whatever I could to pay
the bills and it was actually just two
days after I publicly announced I was
calling video blogging a day that I
received a phone call from the channel
flip CEOs when approaching Google asking
if they knew anyone who understood the
community and created content themselves
they were given my name and so I was
called in for a meeting and it truly
felt like destiny calling in the past I
had worked for BBC comedy online and at
one point they had asked me to encourage
my YouTube friends to make them content
for free I told them I wouldn't do it
out of principle the YouTube community
means the world to me I've always done
my best to focus on integrity doing what
I can to help others achieve their
dreams and channel flip allowed me to do
this within one year of joining I helped
bring 110 channels into their network
and took their monthly web views from
500,000 250 million the company was
happy the YouTube partners were happy
and therefore I was happy it was the
first time I'd ever felt truly trusted
and believed in by a company I worked
for channel flip support had allowed me
to take my passions and skills to a
level far more professional than when I
first began and over the years I've had
the opportunity to work with so many
different very talented people
exercising my strongly held ethos of
doing what I can to help build their
online presence whilst maintaining their
integrity and their visions however as
I've grown up with youtube since 2006
I'm constantly trying to find ways to
use this technology to better society as
a whole and to create vehicles for
social change so when the guardian
newspaper approached me with an
opportunity to help them become one of
the biggest YouTube news networks it
felt like destiny calling all over again
it has been a real privilege for me to
work the past three years at a place
that felt like a home and with people
that I truly regard his family my
colleagues respect my decision they're
incredibly pleased for me and so over
the next few weeks I hope to be in a
good position health wise to return to
work and help with the transitional
process of my departure this is the
beginning of such a huge chapter in my
life and say today I wanted to share
this announcement with you it is such a
dream come true for me to have this
opportunity to bring journalists from
around the world together and give them
a strong platform to build their online
audiences whilst maintaining their
integrity when they are reporting the
truth and so from May this year I will
be working for the Guardian as their
video marketing manager thank you to
everyone out there who was ever
supported and believed in me and that
includes everyone at channel flip
because without you guys I wouldn't be
in the position that i am in today so
thank you very much and trust me i would
say love to jump about and shouts with
excitement right now but my injured head
won't let me so my words and my smile
we'll just have to do with communicating
that yes adios to next time
you
surely if there was ever a time to click
like on a video this would be one of
them I'm doing it
