hey everyone hope all is well Syria is
arguably one of the biggest issues
facing the world right now with the
possibility of military intervention
from the United States of America I have
10 main thoughts on this issue that I
would like to explore with you right now
so to start things off I'd like to talk
about the evidence of Assad using
chemical weapons are we convinced that
concrete evidence exists because US
Secretary of State John Kerry seems to
think so in his speeches and television
interviews he says we know that the
Syrian regime maintains custody of these
chemical weapons we know that the Syrian
regime has the capacity to do this with
rockets it's certain that the regime has
been determined to clear the opposition
from those very places where the attacks
took place firstly is there concrete
evidence that chemical weapons have been
used and secondly is there concrete
evidence that the Assad regime have used
them if so Vlad Amir Putin requested the
other day that the US government
presents this supposed evidence to the
United Nations Security Council which I
personally believe is a good idea if the
evidence is so clear and compelling then
why don't the US government show it to
the UN instead we have witnessed an
eagerness for military intervention
ahead of the UN inspectors report which
I just find very concerning you know II
armed Iraq and I wondered about that too
you know during the Persian Gulf War
those intelligence reports would come
out Iraq incredible weapons incredible
weapons how do you know that oh well
we looked at the receipt number two
moral authority Barack Obama has made it
clear that we cannot let atrocities
occur in the world without holding the
perpetrators accountable which makes
sense so if the US is going to respond
to the use of chemical weapons in Syria
who is going to stand up to America's
use of Agent Orange in Vietnam or the
use of depleted uranium shells in the
second Iraq war which has created
radioactive dust which will last tens of
thousands of years and has caused a
significant increase in birth defects
and leukemia in the region who is going
to stand up to Israel who used artillery
shells containing white phosphorus
during the Gaza conflict is anyone
calling for regime change there before
making this video so on him for me that
white phosphorus and depleted uranium
shells aren't technically chemical
weapons this is perhaps true but surely
that underscores the insanity of this
conversation we are having does the
technicality of what type of weapons
were used matter when it comes to mass
murder tens of thousands of people have
died so far in the Syrian conflict but
we're going to draw a red line on just
the use of chemical weapons number three
the rebels if the West go to war against
the Assad regime we will be fighting on
the side of al Qaeda there have been
many horrific videos coming out of Syria
but have you seen the one of commander
abu soccer from the Syrian Revolution
who cut open the chest of an enemy he
had just killed picking out his heart
and eating it on camera do we want to be
fighting on their side do we want to be
arming him this is not me taking sides
with Assad but merely pointing out the
complexities of the Syrian civil war the
fact that we could be fighting alongside
those that our governments have held as
evil in the war against terror I mean
would that make the US military an enemy
of the state under its own judgment it's
a very complicated situation there is
also the chance that rebels have been
using chemical weapons in Syria but
Western governments have dismissed this
saying it's not possible how can they be
so dismissive when the UN's del Ponte
had come forward and said that there was
evidence to suggest that the rebels had
used sarin or consider reports in the
last year
is not in the mainstream media that
Syrians in Gutar claim that sour d
backed rebels were behind the chemical
attack number four strategy do you know
what it is for military intervention do
you know what the goals are or what the
exit strategy is because I don't know I
do not believe it has been made clear
consider the conflict in Libya where we
saw rules laid down but very quickly the
international community showed great
concern because the lines were becoming
blurry allowing Western forces to go
beyond what was previously understood as
acceptable and what about mission creep
in Iraq where we went from a mission of
disarmament to occupation who is to say
that is not going to happen again number
five intention this point is pure
speculation on my part but I make no
apologies because when it comes to
trying to suss out the intentions of the
US government's eagerness to attack
Syria we can only speculate or take
their word for it I'm not personally I
believe America are using chemical
weapons as a pretext for military
intervention in Syria which they have
been planning for over a decade this in
turn will provide a backdoor for
intervening with serious closest ally
Iran why do I think this wide ask you to
search on youtube General Wesley Clark
seven countries and hear what he has to
say he said I just got this down from
upstairs meaning the secretary to Ben's
office today and he said this is a memo
that describes how we're going to take
out seven countries in five years
starting with Iraq and in Syria Lebanon
Libya Somalia Sudan and finishing off
Iran number six World War three I
personally don't believe that this will
start a third world war however
launching an attack on Syria could be
the catalyst for a large-scale regional
war in the Middle East in which the
world's biggest super powers will take
sides whether that is actually fighting
but more likely just arming those on the
battlefield Iran could activate
Hezbollah and the Iranian Revolutionary
Guard which would pull Israel into the
conflict as well as many other countries
number seven legality regardless of your
thoughts on the morality of military
intervention the US striking Syria
would be considered an act of aggression
under international law and therefore be
illegal it does make me wonder what the
point of the United Nations is if
America can just go about doing whatever
it wants number eight Israel this one is
a very quick point more of a question
Israel the past few months has already
been bombing Syria is that legal number
nine can I get all these fingers on
camera alternative media the Internet
has come a long way since 911 and the
amount of alternative media available to
the world has increased significantly it
has never been so easy to cross-examine
news articles to fact-check and to
identify when bias and propaganda exists
but the influence the state has is still
very strong when it comes to convincing
the public that something is in the
national interest alternative media has
been a window that allows us to see
things that the mainstream media would
not normally cover important information
embedded within videos memes and news
articles has never been so easy to share
across the internet with friends family
and strangers and as a result I believe
we are so much more engaged with global
issues today if it wasn't for the rise
in alternative media I don't know what
I'd be doing or thinking right now
definitely not this and I'd certainly be
making much less informed decisions it's
not just about engaging people with new
information though but empowering people
to take significant action in the real
world out there to make it a better
place number ten do nothing something I
have been incredibly saddened about
during these discussions about Syria is
that so many people who support military
intervention whether the government
people in the media or just the public
have said that if you do not support
military intervention that you are
effectively turning a blind eye and
saying do nothing and this is simply not
the case okay take this for example
cruise missiles they each cost between
four hundred and fifty thousand dollars
and one and a half million dollars
consider what humanitarian help could be
provided for that amount of money during
the conflict in Libya 1.1
billion dollars was spent on destroying
air defenses and securing a no-fly zone
now let's assume a similar amounts of
money is going to be spent on Syria is
it really military force or nothing
because I don't think it is I think
that's a false choice and I think you
know that I think everyone knows that
but as of right now I am not convinced
by the evidence that has been put
forward by the US government I am not
convinced by their military strategy I
am not convinced they have enough
support from the international community
nor do they have enough support from
their own public that they are supposed
to be representing and I am not
convinced we should be taking sides in a
civil war where it is so complicated and
dangerous right now I am no expert on
this issue and I am just one voice out
of millions so please I ask you in the
comments below tell me your thoughts
challenge me and what I've said you may
have things that support what I've said
and please share this video around just
the more people that can get engaged in
this conversation the better because we
can all learn something on this amazing
platform with alternative media please
like this video if you haven't already
and click subscribe if you are new to my
channel I post weekly whenever I can we
live in very scary times but the best we
can do is at least talk about it and
engage with the issue as opposed to
turning a blind eye so on that note
thank you for watching and addy is till
next time
you
