hey everyone hope all is well today I
wanted to talk about cheating how does
one deal with those that sheet because
in life we will try and maintain our
integrity we try and be honest but there
are people out there that are just a bit
careless they don't think about others
and so when they are going about doing
what they do they will just keep cutting
corners and I know there are many people
out there who just want to have a good
game of Monopoly so how do you deal with
cheaters okay I'm not talking about
board games I'm someone who has only had
one relationship in my life and the
reason that is is because I would never
want to go into a relationship until my
heart was truly there in the case of my
ex I know it for two years she did very
far away in Seattle and I flew out see
her a couple of times we got him well
and it was only when she came to live
with me and my family in the UK that we
started dating I lost my virginity to
her and a few days later she cheated
ivor was really bad in bed or when I got
to live in the UK she realized I wasn't
the only one with a British accent and
so went off with someone else so anyway
I have caused felt very bitter at the
time it totally shook up my perceptions
I was someone who always thought guys
were the only ones that could be
scumbags when it turns out also girls
can be and I did get over it I never
thought I would at the time but I have
learned a lot in the process when I'm
really good friends with a girl and she
then gets into a relationship there are
quite a few times in which they have to
completely back out of the friendship
and we can't talk that much anymore the
boyfriend doesn't want us hanging out
they are insecure they've been cheated
on previously and at first I always feel
like yeah I understand that totally get
it but then I think about my own
experiences my ex I gave her all the
freedom to do whatever she wanted and I
think if I was ever in a relationship
again would I become overprotective
and I realized no I wouldn't I would
give my partner all the freedom she
wants because if they're the right
person they'll stay faithful if you're
in a relationship and you're being extra
clingy you want to put boundaries and
what they can do you may find that you
end up pushing them further away now one
big question is why do people cheat
perhaps it was a drunk night a poor cool
of judgment perhaps they weren't feeling
strongly about the relationship anymore
because ultimately we are biological
machines now that's not to say the
person who is the victim of cheating
it's your fault because the relationship
wasn't good enough they may have had
their heart in it but it's because the
cheetah was never honest from the word
go and so I feel when it comes to
relationships how can you ever possibly
be sure another aspect of this I find
really interesting is the third party so
if someone was to cheat on me is the
person they sleep with also responsible
if they are knowing of the situation I
personally feel the answer is yes
because they are aware and seduction
works both ways no matter how pushy the
cheater may be and to anyone who has
recently experienced a break up or is
perhaps even in a relationship right now
with someone they know has cheated on
them I know it's definitely not easy and
it becomes a huge battle of your heart
verse mind your heart will still care
about this person until perhaps it gets
so extreme that your mind overrides it
and goes what a scumbag but my last
piece of advice is this that if if the
person turns out not to be the person
you fell in love with if they turned out
not to be faithful the fact you have
found out they're cheating means you
have an opportunity now to change your
life you have the opportunity to sever
the ties and look in a different
direction and realize there's a whole
world out there of many great people
that will treat you with the love and
respect that you deserve because we all
deserve to be happy so keep the faith be
sure to subscribe if you haven't already
and click like on this video share all
your thoughts in the comments or as a
video response and if you're going to
summer in the city next weekend in
London I will be speaking and also be on
a panel on the Saturday so come say hey
and let's have lots of wonderful
conversations in person love you all and
a days till next time so for a bit of
fun I thought I'd list five things I
look for in a girl
