hey everyone this week on YouTube look
club I wanted to point you towards a
video posted by Russia today of the
ongoing protests that are taking place
in Turkey this started off as peaceful
demonstrations in Istanbul in gezi Park
forgive me for my pronunciation which is
in Taksim Square which were against
government backed plans to demolish it
and build a mall the way that the police
and authorities dealt with the
protesters as you can see on the picture
behind me overly aggressive and it has
therefore sparked widespread protests
across the country there have been
hundreds injured but as always with
protests it can get very chaotic and
it's important that we with an open
minds look into what is actually going
on how did peaceful protests turn out
this way well the great thing with
social media means we don't have to wait
for the corporate media to report with
their own spin on things and actually if
you looked at all the TV channels in
Turkey last night it really goes with
the saying that the revolution will not
be televised and therefore in this video
I kinda just want to reach out and tell
anyone watching this that if you have
twitter if you have facebook do what you
can to relay information coming from
there because actually since posting up
articles from citizen journalists and
live streams and even alternative media
sources like Russia today who have
actually posted video footage of what's
going on inside I've actually become
connected with many people who live in
Turkey who are telling me about the
horrific things that are going on it's
really sad to see and some people feel
this could be the beginning of the
Turkish Spring there are a lot of
similarities between this and previous
protests in the past president
Dogen if I pronounced that right I
probably haven't has referred to the
demonstrators as extremists running wild
and as always with protests there are
risks of extreme factions getting
involved even agent provocateurs trying
to stir up more trouble but from the
accounts I've seen
people are spoken with there's a lot of
people that just genuinely have had
enough of the police brutality and
violence that is taking place and don't
want to be silenced by it I'm not here
telling you to take sides with anyone
but if we are ever to improve this world
we need to investigate and become
journalists ourselves and just by doing
a couple of clicks retweeting or using
hashtags you may find you end up making
friends with good genuine people who are
living there who just want their voices
heard and it's easy to become complacent
in this circumstance you feel like oh
what is one retweet or one posting of an
article or video you going to do it can
do a lot because if everyone can reach
out to one extra person reporting on
actually what's happening it can only
lead to better things all I ask is just
keep on the Twittersphere and Facebook
and amongst all the cat and animal
videos we like to post and laugh at just
help educate and spread the word of
what's really going on because they
really need us right now terrible times
click this to check out the video of the
process and keep spreading the word IDs
to next time
