hey everyone hope all is well it's the
government's responsibility to inform
the public and deal with dangers when
they happen so what about candy crush
how did they let that one slip by is
pure evil
ask conspiracy theorists Alex Jones it's
pure evil
so here are 10 reasons why candy crush
saga will destroy your life
number one it is simple a simple game
means anyone can play it and so your
brain will be put through super mundane
tasks which can only make you stupider
stupider is that real word
number two it is addictive this simple
game creates a mentality in the minds of
most people so when they put it down
they will walk away and then say I just
want more go the closer you get to
completing a level the more addictive
you become number three you don't get to
choose when you play you only get five
lives in candy crush and once they used
up you have to wait 30 minutes for each
one to replenish nah this clever ploy
means the average player won't get sick
of the game quickly number four it is
challenging but for all the wrong
reasons you could be stuck on one level
for weeks but then one time the board is
organized in a completely convenient way
all of the candy is in the right place
and bam piece of cake so what's the
technique for completing candy crush
keep playing each level enough times
until you get the ideal start number
five the music is sinister as not only
does the game music sound creepy but the
fact that each song is about 15 seconds
long and is on a loop that sinister it's
so hypnotic number six you compete with
other addicts on the candy crush map it
will show you what levels all your other
friends are on so it becomes a talking
point almost every day what level you
want oh I'm stuck on that level how did
you complete that one you are so far
behind it's pure evil number seven it
will turn you into a spammer we all hate
spammers but would never dream it
becoming one ourselves but when you
require three tickets to progress on to
the next level you have no choice but to
give in to the practice come on what's
okay there is one other option number
eight candy crush wants your money if
you don't want to be a spammer then you
can get more tickets and lives with your
hard earned cash or if you're just about
to complete a really difficult level
you've been stuck on for weeks and
you're just about to run out of moves
then you can buy some more and there's
even a special move a charm as they call
it that you can pay over thirty dollars
for please tell me you haven't bought it
number nine you will never complete it
there are over 300 levels and even if
you get to the end of the pie
it's under construction which means as
long as we will keep playing it the
creator's will keep making more their
monsters and number ten sooner or later
you will have to face reality candy
crush becomes a vicious cycle a horrible
addiction your friends will tell you to
stop playing it your family will tell
you how you've changed how you're not
the same person anymore it will destroy
your relationships with non candy crush
players but the worst part is when you
finally go over to that window look
outside and ask yourself what have I
actually achieved and it's then that
you'll find yourself at candy crush
anonymous hi everyone my name is miles
and I'm addicted to candy crush so there
you have it ten reasons why candy crush
saga will destroy your life I just felt
the need to warn you all just please
don't make the same mistakes I did but
at the same time if anyone does play it
and you can send me a ticket
I just need one anyway thanks for
watching this video don't forget to
click like and hey if you ever receive a
candy crush notification reply to it
with this video we must wake them up
from their sugar comas and if you're new
to my channel click Subscribe and you'll
be kept up to date with all my latest
videos I think it's only fair we let
Alex Jones have the final word ah too
aggressive yeah thought so sorry about
that um shall we let mr. gate have the
final word instead right um aggressive
final words it is then a days till next
time
