hey everyone hope all is well just two
years after the UK had a general
election and just one year after having
an EU referendum the UK is about have
yet another general election and I know
what my international viewers will be
thinking we must really dub democracy
over here who can vote how does someone
vote why should I wait and what
resources can I use to make an informed
choice today I aim to answer all of
those questions so let's go when is the
UK general election it will take place
on Thursday the 8th of June 2017 who can
vote you must be at least 18 years of
age on Election Day you must be a
British citizen a qualifying
Commonwealth citizen or a citizen of the
Republic of Ireland you must not be
subject to any legal incapacity to vote
and you must be registered to vote how
do you register to vote visit gulf dot
UK forward slash register - - - vote and
make sure you fill out the online form
before Monday the 22nd of May 2017 and
if you're not sure if you're registered
to vote just do it anyway
it is incredibly quick and easy to do so
much so that I'm actually going to go
through it with you now ok first you
click start now select where you live
your nationality put in your date of
birth your full name your national
insurance number and if you don't know
what it is it can be found on pay slips
or official letters regarding taxes
pensions or benefits put in your
postcode and then select your address
from the drop down menu state whether
you have a second address have you
permanently moved out of another address
in the last 12 months do you want to
include your name and address on the
apron register by selecting no it
doesn't affect your right to vote that's
what I'll be selecting do you want to
apply for a postal vote not everyone is
going to be available to visit their
local polling station on Election Day in
which case you can vote by post are you
the only person aged 16 or over living
at this address then give contact
details in case they have any other
questions regarding your application
I'll put my email in finally check to
make sure all the details you've entered
are correct scroll to the bottom and
click I accept send my application and
you are done how easy was that you will
then be given a reference number and
confirmation that it is being processed
now I know there will be some people out
there who don't want to vote at this
election however I'd recommend that you
still register to vote because by giving
yourself the freedom to vote you don't
take away your freedom not to either and
you never know what's going to happen
between now and Election Day so why not
keep your options open and if you know
anyone eligible to vote who you think
may not have registered yet then please
share this video with them next question
how do you vote there are three ways
firstly voting in person by visiting
your local polling station on Election
Day
secondly vote by posts for this you need
to apply for postal voting which you can
do when you register to vote as
discussed in the previous section of
this video and thirdly voting by proxy
fill out the proxy voting application or
link with this video this is if you are
going to be away and need someone else
to vote for you for more information on
how to vote please visit your vote
matters co uk why is it important to
vote whether you like it or not those
who get elected will have a serious
impact on your way of life from
education to the economy from security
to civil liberties from the country as a
whole to your local communities
contributing to a high voter turnout
makes our democracy more representative
even if the system we currently have
isn't one we like and trust me I have
plenty of issues with the one we've
currently got and if you don't make your
voice heard then it just gives even more
power to those that do now you may have
seen this before but I've always adored
this particular cartoon about voting
with all that said I'm not here to tell
you that you must vote or that if you do
vote this is who you should vote for
that is entirely your choice but here
are some online resources worth checking
out ahead of Election Day that might
help you make up your mind they work for
you calm here you can find out who your
local MP is what their voting record is
across a variety of topics their contact
details and much more this is an
excellent website I highly recommend it
UK dot i side with comm an online quiz
that will provide you with a great sense
of what political parties best represent
you
and Electoral Commission WK an
independent body which provides a wide
range of information no matter how you
wish to partake in this year's election
and lastly some of you may be asking I'm
not from the UK what can I do sit back
and enjoy the show
there have been plenty of circuses going
on all over the world at the moment
right but seriously check it out and why
not engage with some British citizens
about it after all many of the issues
discussed in domestic politics are in
fact global issues and as the Internet
has shown us over the years there is an
awful lot we can learn from each other
with the immense challenges our world
faces at the moment it has never been
more important to be engaged with the
political system or at least with the
issues that they impact please click
that like button if you'd be so kind and
share this with anyone you know in the
UK who is eligible to vote and if you
are new to this my name is miles hello I
post videos every week on Facebook and
YouTube on a wide range of topics I'm
always open to your suggestions as well
so be sure to stick around I've got some
really great ones coming up actually and
I've got some really exciting news to
tell you as well
but for now adios until next time
