what is the first thing that comes to
mind when I say the name move where if I
was to say it again but without the
creepy voice Mitt Romney this man
believes he has what it takes to be
Barack Obama in the next American
presidential elections I truly believe
that Mitt Romney and the Republican
Party that nominated him or an insult to
democracy in America oh so you're an
Obama supporter miles that is wrong and
for two reasons one I'm not US citizen
and therefore on allowed to vote and to
I don't really see it as supporting him
when I just see him as the lesser of two
evils but let's just start with one
person at a time all right Mitt Romney
he is known for being a flip-flopper
which means he has stood on both sides
of many many issues this includes the
economy I have never supported the
president's recovery act are at the
stimulus no time nowhere know how I
think there is need for economic
stimulus healthcare well that's what we
did in Massachusetts and that is we put
them together in exchange and the
president's copying that idea I'm glad
to hear that Obamacare is bad news and
if I'm president of the United States I
will repeal it and immigration I don't
think I've ever hired an illegal in my
life we heard a lawn lawn company to mow
our lawn and they had illegal immigrants
that were working there and to me
integrity is one of the most important
parts of one's character the fact that
Mitt Romney changes his mind on so many
issues so often makes me believe that a
vote for him is a wasted vote but yes it
can be argued that there is no guarantee
that any presidential candidate will
fulfill their promises one selected but
you can get some indication of how good
they'll be or how much of their promises
they'll fulfill by looking at their
track record and to me Mitt Romney's
track record is just schizophrenic and
you know what one of the saddest parts
about the Republican Party is well at
least to me it's that there are so many
valid criticisms that could be made
about Obama's administration but the
Republican Party in Mitt Romney just
don't seem to want to tackle any of them
for instance barack obama passed a
massive bailout of Wall Street at the
taxpayers expense he protected Bush
officials from prosecution for torture
Obama blocked you
Human Rights investigations at
Guantanamo and he has cracked down on
government whistleblowers more than any
president in history and on the years
eve last year he signed the National
Defense Authorization Act giving the
military the ability to detain any US
citizen suspected of terrorism links
indefinitely without evidence and
without trial but yes it would be very
naive of me to think that the
Republicans would have brought up any of
those issues because they would have
done exactly the same thing I actually
really wanted Ron Paul to win the
Republican nomination this year now
that's not necessarily because I agree
with everything he says but because
seeing him take on Barack Obama in the
presidential debates would bring to the
forefront issues that Barack Obama and
Mitt Romney would happily sweep aside
issues like civil liberties and the
perpetual wards but the establishment
would never let it happen though there
were clear examples of voter fraud going
on and democratically elected delegates
were undemocratically unseated at the
RNC because they were Ron Paul
supporters then we could look at the
presidential debates which are run by a
private corporation called the CPD which
is the Commission on presidential
debates this organization is co-chaired
by the former heads of the Republican
and Democratic National Committee's they
get to decide who takes part in the
debates and what questions get asked so
is there any hope for third parties like
libertarian Gary Johnson I don't think
so many people ask me why I should have
an opinion on the u.s. presidential
elections when I don't even live in
America well why not if the US
government is willing to occupy
countries around the world extradite
people from my country and when the US
political establishment keep banging the
war drums for another Middle Eastern war
I'm naturally going to feel concerned
about this presidential elections
because this is one world after all it's
live together or die alone and so for my
American viewers out there I have a
question I'd like you to answer the
candidate that you think you're going to
vote for in the u.s. presidential
elections this year are you voting for
them because they are ideal or just
because they are the best choice on
offer I'd love to hear your thoughts and
as the u.s. presidential elections
approach us don't lose sight on the real
issue
don't lose sight on integrity with all
the theater that the mainstream media
throws our way never lose sight of truth
and on that night thank you for watching
and a ds2 next time
I'm sure some of you are wondering why
I've been wearing this shirt well my ex
got it for me a few years ago because
her dad is a true American patriot and
I've never found an occasion to wear it
so I guess I thought this was the one oh
and one more thing if you want to watch
a new show which tries to break the
left-right paradigm then I have to give
a good shout out to my friend abby
martin who has started a show on russia
today America called breaking the set
please do check out and let them know
that I sent you thanks
