hey everyone hope all is well I wanted
to talk about how to be successful on
YouTube that's youtube if you're
American this is a topic I've wanted to
cover for so many years but it just felt
right at this moment in time because the
other day I received some pretty epic
news but if you're not interested in the
good news and want to skip straight to
my four ways on how to be successful in
youtube just click here oh you haven't
well thanks if you work in the broadcast
industry you probably read this and
every year they have something called
hotshots and this is a list of people
who are under 30 that broadcast magazine
recommends you look out for in the
broadcast industry and as if I could be
any more predictable I got the
nomination in the digital category a
huge thanks to my bosses will and Justin
from channel flip for nominating me it's
a huge honor and to be in a photo like
that was just truly epic that's probably
been one of the biggest achievements
I've had in my youtube career if we're
to call it that and I know there are so
many people out there wondering how can
I be successful so here are my four ways
have been successful on YouTube number
one maintaining integrity it's so
important to not allow the mainstream to
completely transform your identity now
that doesn't mean you have to be
completely stubborn or that you can't
have learnings from your external
environment all I'm saying is just keep
yourself in check from time to time
because you should just stay true to
yourself and no one knows you better
then yourself number two touching the
lives of others I think you can regard
it a success if the actions you take in
life have a positive effect on other
people whether you're a comedian making
other people laugh a teacher who is able
to educate others or if you're so on
who's just reaching out so someone else
in the world no longer feels alone you
are helping unite the world number three
feeling alive this is about not allowing
a moment to go wasted seizing those
opportunities that are handed to you
whenever you can and of course enjoying
life as much as possible now I could be
wrong here but I don't think there are
many instances where someone has
succeeded with something they haven't
truly enjoyed at one moment number for
creating legacy as you probably already
know legacy to me is the meaning of life
and I suppose this is quite an easy one
on youtube because
any video you upload will probably last
longer than you do unless you are doing
something but really legacy surely
that's real success now there is one
measure of success I haven't yet
mentioned which so many people around
the internet and in life use well for me
it's because views are an extension of
those four things views on their own
what do they actually mean because
whether you're someone who is making a
video they guess a hundred views or
making a video that gets a million views
you're still physically doing the same
thing so let's take the four things I
mentioned already maintaining integrity
if you manage to get millions and
millions of views on your videos but you
haven't stayed true to yourself I can
guarantee you won't feel the achievement
and success that someone would have done
if they had stayed true to themselves
touching the lives of others if you are
doing videos that reach out to people
then views do make a difference if I
could inspire just 10 people or
thousands of people of course I'd like
to be in a position where I could
inspire more feeling alive this ties in
with number one if you are trying to get
views just make sure you're enjoying
yourself because it will feel so so much
more worthwhile I promise you that and
creating legacy this ties in with the
other three because it's so good to
create content and to have an impact on
the world that outlives yourself and you
want to reach as many people as you can
so while you are alive try and get the
ball rolling get as much momentum as you
can that's what it's about so there you
have it my thoughts on how to be
successful on YouTube and in life so
good luck with all your future efforts
and thank you thank you thank you for
all the support you have given me over
the past six years I really really
appreciate it and on that night as
always a TS next time
you
