hey everyone hope all is well I often
get asked why I have a problem with
money and the monetary system well for
me it's because we live in an age now
where we have the technology and
know-how to produce enough for everybody
on the planet so why aren't we doing it
well it's because the monetary system
inhibits us which is so ironic because
the reason money was first brought into
play was to replace the barter system
and to help with the allocation of goods
and services which are scarce and that's
a good thing however as we've moved
along in society we actually can see the
problems with this system so how is
there value in money well it's because
of supply and demand the more a good is
demanded the higher the price and the
more you supply of a good or service the
lower the price so if we were to think
of money generally and have a
hypothetical of let's say it was to rain
tonight but it was no ordinary rain it
was to rain money what would happen
people would go outside and grab all the
money they could and bring it inside
because money the more money have the
greater your purchasing power and you
are only as free as your purchasing
power in today's society but if it was
to keep raining money for days weeks and
months where people's keep doing that
and probably not they not only ignore
the money that was outside because it
was so much of it they'd actually take
the money inside their homes and
probably throw it out because they don't
want to waste all this space with bits
of paper that actually have no real
value now because there is so much of it
in the money supply and that's what
we're seeing happening all around the
world today with governments printing
money again and again to try and deal
with these debt bubbles which is called
quantitative easing but if we were to
look at goods and services now let's
look at air and sea water do we sell it
no and why don't we sell it because
there is an abundance of it there is so
much of it it wouldn't be a profitable
business model but if we were to take
st. like diamonds did you know that
diamonds are artificially scarce they're
actually not
expensive if we actually put on the
market as many as many diamonds as were
found in the ground because if they find
too many they storm away or burnham
because its carbon and therefore it
artificially drives the price up and we
could look at news articles where wind
turbines have been producing too much
wind energy and therefore governments
have paid them to turn them off because
it was driving down the price of energy
which is just ridiculous and therefore
if we were to look at farming that is
exactly the problem we have in the world
today farmers in the UK get fined if
they produce too much of a particular
crop because by producing too much it
drives down the amount of money they can
get for crops and thus it puts them out
of business and that everybody is the
sad irony of the monetary system that it
will never allow us to produce enough
food or enough access to food for
everybody in the world because today we
actually produce enough food for
everybody in the world but not not
everyone has access to it because if
everyone had access to food it wouldn't
be a profitable business and that ladies
and gentlemen is the challenge that we
have in the 21st century
thanks a lot and a dios the next time
