I'm RIA a gay Irish Iraqi filmmaker
youtuber and LGBT rights advocate we so
appreciate all of the thousands of young
and old Irish people that goes I grew up
with in the relative freedom of Ireland
but I was always aware that in 70
countries around the world it's a crime
to be gay and in 10 of those it's
punishable by death
even still brave young activists
continue to organize pride marches some
of the most anti-gay countries in the
world with authorities shutting them
down with violent force but I recently
heard of a new country attempting to put
on its first ever Pride Swaziland it's a
small landlocked African country
bordered by Mozambique and South Africa
its population of just 1.3 million
people is ruled by Africa's last
remaining monarch King Mswati the third
he has authority over the government and
pretty much everything else and one of
his latest rulings he changed the
country's name to a swathi knee as a way
of taking back power after decades of
British rule British government Hopetoun
that it will be launched into the world
limelight by turning it into a showpiece
the king isn't afraid of flaunting his
cash his 15 wives live in palaces drive
luxury cars and a showered in expensive
jewellery the dozens of cars bought as
presents for the king's family were just
a start the cost of the celebrations
including this state banquet are
estimated at some 20 million euros this
is all while two-thirds of his people
struggle to get by living below the
poverty line without jobs societal
discrimination of the LGBT community
here is strong for one gay sex is
illegal and sure it's the law that isn't
enforced but still it feeds into the
country's deep-rooted homophobic beliefs
it's a fear that seems to trickle down
from those in power but the king
reportedly describing homosexuality as
satanic and the country's prime minister
calling it an abnormality and a sickness
so I want to know will it ever be
possible for the LGBT people here to
live in freedom and can they really pull
off their first-ever historic pride
match
before I make the 5-hour journey to the
s Fotini border I'm stopping by JSA
Radio South Africa's only LGBT focused
station which broadcasts from a
converted family home I'm going to meet
one of their hosts in the land of a 34
year old gay Swasey man who fled to live
a freer life in Johannesburg he'll be
returning to Swaziland for Pride this
weekend and it'll be the first time that
he's been openly gay in his home country
having only come out publicly in recent
months
melanda was feeling nervous about being
on camera this is a big moment for you
it's the first time that you're doing
something like this it's basically it's
coming out on camera in a way too many
people I'm gonna put it here for them it
was in high school that I actually been
discovered the word gay and the fact
that there are like-minded people for me
was fascinating I was so happy to
realize that they actually even have got
clubs you know I want to go to this
place as we you can actually feel
comfortable for me it was like a country
its own you know do your parents know
that you're gay yes no are they okay
with it okay they are with time though
my dad it's it's taken a while I always
felt that he never heard what I was
trying to say heard what he wanted to
hear and I grew up not respect him but
fearing him and then I actually realized
that he was experiencing homophobia
because of having a gay son I will never
forget when I graduated he hugged me for
the first time and I said you know I
didn't know how to react because I had
never been touched by my dad in that way
except for when it gave me whooping
growing up and he's whooping for me it
was like he punishing me for being gay
what is it like right now in Swaziland
for LGBTQ people there's a population
which I believe is more now
understanding but we've never a platform
for them to express themselves they are
that generation we should be
we were cowards we escaped and I'm only
coming out now because of them basically
you chatting to me now is a big deal I
know that we had to you know talk over
the phone and and it took you a while to
decide that you want to do this because
I was concerned over that backlash which
might have on my family I can't just say
I'm an Activision end it here I need to
practice it you're inspiring me just
sittin here beside you and you know this
Saturday is it's going to have me in
tears watching you in your country with
your people marching for me it's going
to be the best experience and also a
nerve-wracking one so you must know that
in my heart as much as you might be
seeing this smile if there's going to be
a smile it's going to be a momentous and
not for myself but for generations to
come
I'm so super stoked that because
actually a brave generation of young men
and women who've come together for this
initiative reaching to our children it's
incredible it's going to be an amazing
moment in such a day Wow
it's clear that this event is more than
just a party formal Ando and the
countless Swasey LGBTs who fled it's a
historical statement of defiance and
acceptance that they've been so
desperately fighting for can you hear me
after months of planning and
anticipation
it looks like the Royal Swasey police
force may be about to pull the plug on
pride with just two days to go there now
claiming that they only offered to
provide a security service and that the
event was never actually approved and
with increasing press attention it seems
that the authorities have become worried
that they may be seen as supporters of
the LGBT community and they definitely
don't want that
recently prominent superintendent Q
Lonnie Mamba said on record that LGBT
people should not be given free reign to
strut their stuff in sot me
so what last-minute negotiations
happening between authorities and pride
organisers it's now just a waiting game
to see what happens he seems to think it
will go ahead Rock of Hope who pulled it
out of the bag and we just need to we're
here now so let's just keep going
we've just been sent a petition and it
says stop promoting the unhealthy LGBT
lifestyle you did not tell the truth
that you're trying to recruit and
promote homosexuality secretly now you
want to parade your agenda in public
you've announced that in June 2018 you
will have a Gay Pride Parade our
children's morality and innocence are at
stake and promoting homosexuality in
this manner is very wrong especially for
children also be aware that there is no
such thing as gay rights okay this is
really worrying though because there are
1663 signatures on this petition it
that's more than we're probably going to
get there on the day and these are
people who have read this obviously
agree with this and who will likely show
up they truly believe that homosexuality
is a sickness it's written by concerned
parents of Swati Nene what happens if
your kid ends up being LGBT
that's what the parents should be
thinking about
this morning I'm on my way to floss the
Family Learning Association of Swaziland
who offer a glimmer of hope for a
country struggling to cope with the HIV
and AIDS crisis they provide sex
education free contraception and send
emergency medical services to some of
the most remote parts of the country
through a small fleet of mobile clinics
as Fatima has the highest prevalence of
HIV and AIDS in the world with one in
three adults infected with the virus
while the country is almost half the
rate of new infections in five years the
effects of this disease can still be
felt with 3,500 people dying from it
every year driving the average life
expectancy down to sixty years of age
for women and as low as 53 for men and
even though 94% of HIV transmissions in
s40 Mia are through heterosexual sex
many LGBT people are afraid that if they
test positive that we found out and
disgraced how bad is the HIV situation
for the LGBT community here today we've
been living in fear they can't go to
access services and clinics because
there will be castigated they'll be tell
it's immoral it's ungodly so most of
them I find that is then live in fear
without disclosing they are on sexual
orientations then raises the issue of
HIV prevalence is the issue of
gender-based violence against them since
they can't go to the police cases in
police they can also report the
harassment because there'll be no
instrument that will assist them in the
particular instances I think it's
absolutely mad that there are gay man in
this country who are so afraid of who
they are that they won't go and get the
care that they need they might have HIV
they might have something else and
because of that they're getting sicker
and sicker and sicker and there's
absolutely no doubt then that there are
young gay lives being lost in this
country because they're not being given
the treatment that they need that
doctors that discriminate and doctors
are laughing at them that families are
kicking them out if they comment so
instead they live an unhappy life in the
closet
they got sick and they don't get better
I'm interested to hear what the
experience is like for gay women in SAT
me
so I've content in Bhavani market to
meet Alex what's it like being a lesbian
in this country there's a lot of
homophobia I think it's not very
different from all the other groups but
because we're women we are sexualized
more than the other groups so for that
reason I'd say it's a bit easier I guess
you know that maybe you can pass as a
straight woman easier than a gay man but
I came that that means I have to come
out to every single straight man I come
across can you not just say I'm not
interested no you can't because firstly
what they'll do is they'll try to find
your drink and as soon as you tell them
that you're lesbian they're either a
going to try to change your sexual
orientation or B get angry because they
feel cheated somehow like you're their
property right how did your parents
react when you came out not very
positively I'll be honest with that my
mom basically threw me out of the house
for a number of days yeah she did I have
no money in my pocket I haven't had any
food it's early in the morning so it's
just like pack up
she starts cleaning the house just leave
how did you forgive your mom for
basically making you homeless I flash
back to my teachings and other people's
experiences who have not been welcomed
back into their families who are still
completely lost by themselves and I felt
I'm actually lucky to have a mother who
at the end of it all was willing to take
me back it was at this moment that our
interview was stopped by a group of
local teenagers who were curious to find
out what we're filming I took the
opportunity to hear what they think of
tomorrow's event hey did you guys hear
about this m48 that's happening to the
gay Paree yes
they're going to be petrol pump and
already on their way to the truth what's
going to happen I don't I don't people
are not really welcome people who feel
comfortable with JP because they're not
used to it
mmm unfortunately in life we have to be
uncomfortable sometimes in order to grow
you don't and you don't enjoy sex I
enjoy sex with females the way their
pleasure having sex with cocaine
absolutely absolutely
what if your older products sets you I
am gay would you maybe think about doing
that with everyone else living with it
learning about do you have any Kingdom
belongs to the king to meet the King
today and maybe he would live and I can
live separately and then we know but you
don't have to be gay to allow gay people
to be happy and to live freely maybe
today because you you met a lesbian and
you met a gay person and you had a good
conversation now you know that we're not
scary we're just normal
I know when you come across people who
say that now you're going to question it
because you meant to gay and lesbian
person who didn't try to reach you I'm
going to correct well are you okay yes
what a moment yeah they did change I
didn't they about half way it took like
ten minutes if they don't even take that
long you did it in ten minutes
see that's all it takes it's a better
visibility like it if you speak to an
LGBT person you realize they're not
scary that they're just like you they
have an aha light bulb moment okay yeah
the guy with the chain yeah he was like
yeah maybe you're right maybe you're
right that was really lovely they learnt
um we learned and I thought you can ask
for
being surrounded by those who are
disgusted and desperate for pride
brought me to reflect on the importance
of my first pride and the impact that it
had on me I was 16 years old I was in
the closet I felt alone I felt like I
was sick and I just been through about
four years of thinking that I need to
find a way to change this to make myself
straight I snuck into town with my best
friend the only person who knew I was
gay and we stood there at the Pride
Parade not knowing what this thing was
surrounded by thousands of people and
panted bliss this drag queen and
activists and the queen of Ireland
really came out on stage and just gave
this speech that has been burned into my
mind she said I want more
can walk the streets of this city
without fear of intimidation or attack
there is no such thing as gay rights and
a crowd erupted in cheer and I'm there
looking around tears rolling down my
face not quite knowing why I'm crying
and then it hit me after all of this
struggle after all of this pain after
all of this self hate I had finally
found my people although it's one day
that one day we'll stay with each of
those people for the rest of their lives
they're probably gone for a party but
they're gonna get something else and I
know what that is because I felt it
myself
I still feel it today
yellow art gallery have been working
nonstop to make sure tomorrow's March is
as colorful as possible they've cleared
the studio and her hand making some
much-needed rainbow flags and banners so
why did you make them well because we
were all discussing and we were very
excited about the first pride parade in
Swaziland then we were like what are we
gonna wear we should have rainbow
something there was a great shortage of
rainbow flags in Swaziland not anymore
can I pick one up yes the team at yellow
aren't the only organization helping the
community being a majority Christian
nation many find themselves cast out of
the church and family when they're
discovered to be LGBTQ on the outskirts
of town gay pastor Lou Kelly has set up
the makeshift church in his garage which
has become a safe space for some of the
most vulnerable members of the community
most of the time I deal with cases like
they have been chased away from home
they have nowhere to sleep they don't
have food I have to provide they call me
dead they call you dad yes even if there
is someone who is older than me I'm
their father spiritually when you're
intimate with another man do you feel
like you're sinning or do you feel like
that is my company I felt like our
sinning when I had a wife wife I used to
see my you know very guilty because all
this it was not me in all in all I thank
God because now I know who I am
even if I'm I'm being criticized or
whatsoever I don't care
do you other pastors ever come to you
and criticize the fact that you're
freaking out you're gay I'm ready for
them
oh yes well they're not come to me I'm
ready for them what do you mean you're
ready for them I am ready for them
whatsoever they are critic I've got my
Bible I've got verses here so all courts
then courts are courts unfortunately I
have not high
to waste on people who doesn't want to
listen who thinks they own God
God is for us all God is not a Christian
God is the God of all flesh thank you
for watching these these kids will
remember you for the rest of their life
yeah thank you
as night falls on the eve of pride
we finally get news done by Bonnie
police have agreed to let the event go
ahead without restriction with that I'm
on my way to meet a very excited trans
woman from neighboring tan Manzini
Polycarp lives with her older sister and
niece in a one-bedroom house I'm meeting
her as she gets ready for a pre Pride
night out with a friend as we like we
love shaking hands as a lady I would I
would shake like that is this where the
magic happens but I don't sleep alone I
sleep with my sister okay not a magic
different kind of me what about your
boyfriend I call him baby I would love
to visit you say okay baby
come or attend he would pick me up yeah
look at him but now when you look at
that picture do you get kind of car
yes when I look at this picture I become
so it tells me that baby I love you
there's no any other person I would love
Oh beside you no I just have this this
this innermost peace although she
identifies as a woman Polycarp is forced
to present as a man a few days a week
both for her safety and to please her
parents at times they wouldn't say don't
put too much makeup they like to say
just pretend just pretending just
pretending you are a boy yet we know you
are not I remember my aunt him took me
to my pastor for deliverance they taught
I'm demon-possessed II and then I went
there and then the pastor said there's
nothing wrong with this challenge
that may be our from day from day they
started to estate me when you walk
around the streets here while you live
do people stop
you and say things to you know they
annoy me each and every day each and
every day and one of them even even
talked to my knees and say we want to
rape rape touch Kay that one the whole
night because because he wants he wants
we'll give him that himself no that
really helps me there's this feeling
whenever it's it becomes duck I just
feel you know like I shouldn't go out
you know because even if I just go out
maybe talk to buy a drink
I'll find a guy and just grab me by the
hand thing you can yeah you know I
wouldn't resist is it I can't even
even if I scream no it wouldn't help
wouldn't help because they will ask who
is screaming is that is that is that
thing because much they usually call us
here thing yeah tomorrow's a big day
are you ready I am already I can wait
for a big day tomorrow
why went to show the world want to show
Swaziland that we rock some of us never
been to pride but the time around the
Protestant wasn't we will be there no
matter what I mean no matter what
it's finally the morning of fried and
I'm on my way to meet the other martyrs
we have no idea how many people are
going to show up or if the police are
gonna have a change of heart but things
are looking positive so right now all
the vendors are setting up the
Ambassador has arrived pride flags are
being handed out for free you wouldn't
get that in London the vibe is really
good the vibe is really good everyone's
smiling there's not one person here who
isn't beaming from ear to hear it's
great this is what pride is meant to
feel like you guys were the first people
to be if there is like any pride you
guys are making history
this is it I want the streets
I'm having fly
so is there hope for the LGBT people of
s14 II with its traditional views than
anti-gay laws the country still has a
long way to go the homophobia here is
not rooted in hate it comes from a
genuine place of fear and misinformation
that's passed down from generation to
generation
it's a problem that isn't helped by
authorities who are afraid of being seen
as supporters but what I've learned is
that the people of this small country
are incredibly respectful welcoming and
warm they're willing to listen and
change their fixed perceptions over time
Swaziland shows us what's possible when
brave young activists come together with
the deafening voice of the global LGBT
community for one focused cause
change is happening
there is hope
