guys Catherine
Nick yes what an honor it is to sit here
and throw interview we've met before
yeah but now I've actually seen the film
and you blew me away um I want to say
first of all what the film is about in
case you don't know so look slimy it's a
coming-of-age movie about a 16 year old
guy in school he's gay he's in the
closet he's struggling to come out to
his friends his family and in the
process he finds love my name is simon
the most part my life is totally normal
i'm just like you except i have one huge
ass secret hey I like your boots
I said I like your boots
goodbye nobody knows I'm gay I want to
say sorry to you first of all catch him
because when we met I don't know if you
remember this I made you cry I sighed
about the film that you know it's gonna
change and save lives and you were
sitting there front to me and he just
lost it's like hearing nights it's so
important and I just yeah playing this
character yeah was it difficult to try
and represent it correctly
he didn't go over the top he didn't go
with clich√©s and stereotypes it was just
a normal dude who happened to be gay yes
with a heart you know one of the things
about Simon is that he has lived his
whole life with this secret or at least
his whole adolescence with this secret
he sort of been trying to suppress his
desires and wants and I think that just
sort of the way it translates into his
personality is it's sort of like he's
just coasting he's in neutral he said of
waiting for his time he's not fully
living is he he's not fully living no
and I can tell you it's true it's real I
did it for four years you don't know who
you are if you're coming or you're going
and so you portrayed that perfectly so
well done thank you
it's nice to know there's another guy at
school with the same secret when did you
first realize it was a bunch of little
things like my first girlfriend I think
I'm fine with you
Wow thank you be right back wasn't my
proudest moment I'm in the film Leah and
Simon have this wonderful friendship but
you you want more you fancied this dude
but you can't have them I can't tell you
how many girls I've turned down myself
you know who you are when when do you
remember your first crushes in high
school and what they were like are your
first heartbreak that everyone remembers
their first heartbreak and such a such a
transformative thing you know I mean to
be going she turned to you dad god she's
kicking herself now oh yeah there you go
so now that you know your careers are
doing this in that sort of process of
becoming these really well-known people
people that you found girl over it must
be kind of like whoa you know who I am
has that happened to either of you I
think it happened very publicly for me
I'm I'm a huge Gaga fan and she got
saying when my first job came out was
just the show 13 reasons why she tweeted
a little love heart and my name and and
that moment was definitely surreal she
knows who I am I am sure I have another
chance to meet her and I don't know if I
would be able to cope if I did but well
I'm happy to say yeah definitely I would
I would promise I wouldn't even cry it I
heard from a little bird that um your
favorite Gaga song is my favorite gaga
song they don't tell me what it is
on account to tree I want both of us to
sing the chorus and if this is wrong
this is extremely embarrassing
well I have quite a few sorry Meghan oh
god okay
I'm trying to tell you through telepathy
which one it is okay I don't know okay
we're gonna sing some look from the
start of the course okay three two one
I'm gonna marry
I'm gonna cry anymore
oh oh I did say that I think yeah sure I
could like bite the head of a bath yeah
yeah
I'm Sarah Lee I'm so good guys thank you
so much for everything you did my story
is now on the big screen and so are
millions of queer kids stories I'm so
happy for you and I hope everyone goes
and sees it Greg
great to see you again I see you again
at the third turn I think we've met
yep did you feel like you had a kind of
a fire lit under your ass while I'm
making this like I can't get this wrong
yeah I definitely had the pressure of
you know I don't want to mess up this a
for other kids be for you know just the
young person it's still inside me that
would have could have used a movie like
this so there's one scene in particular
I think you know the one I'm talking
about the one with Jennifer Garner kind
of Lyman you get to exhale now Simon
you get to be more you than you have
been in a very long time what was it
like on set that day while that scene
was being filmed because I was
physically shaking in the cinema when
that was playing I can't imagine being
in the room it was very emotional and
she did it and I looked around and Nick
was crying and Simon and I made sure we
got it on camera and then I looked
around and everybody's as much as we're
in a set here you know everybody was
crying on the set and then she did the
take again and people were still
sniffling and then she did it again and
more people were smiling and it was what
you realized is everyone needs to hear
that you know not just not just gay
people you know people need to be
reminded that that they deserve love
sometimes I feel like I'm always on the
outside
there's this invisible line that I have
to cross to really be a part of
everything and I just can't ever cross
it me too I heard from a little bird as
in another interview that you did that
you if you weren't a director I would
like to be an American history teacher
is that right I would have that's my
favorite subject so for the most
American history yeah I'm gonna I'm
gonna test okay well I know the subject
okay I've got five questions for you oh
my gosh
can we get some serious music oh my gosh
I'm ready okay get in the zone
yes five and you get a tree at the end
if you get more than oh gosh okay are
you correct okay first question first
president to live in the White House
Madison John Adams Adams - where was the
first fourth of July celebration held
Boston yes congratulations okay
question three from 1892 to 1954 s
island was an 1892 - 1954 an immigration
yes work well done okay for what year
did the Stonewall riots take place we're
getting gay 68 I'm gonna give it to you
69 69 you know I was gonna say there 68
or 16 yeah and number five which state
was the first to legalize same-sex
marriage also New England
Vermont go again New Hampshire
Massachusetts the cheese Massachusetts
okay it's a hard word for Ireland oh I
don't deserve a treat if you'd ask me
you've got presents mostly I would have
not good straight north oats it's just
that I just got it from the green thank
you so much Greg the film was incredible
thank you for everyone watch it you're
glue I might not know your name or what
you look like I want to find you I'm
done living in a world I don't get to be
Who I am
did you date me because you think I look
like a guy you know I actually broke up
with you because you don't look like a
guy oh okay thanks welcome
