hi alrightlet's this is a big one and
get ready for a couple of our relations
and one big surprise in this video keep
watching to the end because I promise
you this is a very very very special
video so something I never thought I'd
say to myself or to anyone for that
matter is that I am suffer from early
stages of male pattern baldness or male
pattern hair loss whatever way you want
to put it which is a pretty shit
um it's hereditary got it from my dad a
thinning and it was about a year ago
that I first realized that something was
going on
the hair here and here started to go
back a bit it was getting very thin and
brittle and I freaked out because my
hair is it means the world to me as you
know so not being one to wait around I
went to a clinic in Ireland and called
hair restoration Blackrock and privately
without any of my family even knowing
just to talk to them and see what are my
options and can I stop this so since
then a year ago and after them putting
me on two medications I am back in
Dublin to have my one-year check-up
consultation to see if any change has
happened but also I thought wouldn't it
be a lovely idea for you to come in with
me just just see what the possibility
for him is with regard to getting a hair
transplant I didn't need that but am
certain people can certain people can't
it depends on how healthy the hair you
have left is so I thought okay we're
gonna we're gonna see what his options
are if they said that you were suitable
for the surgery would you do it I would
do it definitely to improve my hair when
you first started seeing your hair like
go did you panic or what did it feel
like it was a nice feeling it's like wow
what the heck I stopped it there are
some amazing pictures of you when you
were living back in Iraq look how thick
his hair is it's beautiful and wavy and
I think they say even men with more
testosterone loosen the hair seriously
you know just saying so I had it loads
of what's wrong
testosterone testosterone something like
that I'm glad you with me I know it's uh
wish me luck guys yeah you'll be fine
look even if they can't do it guys put
it in comments below isn't he handsome
Asst mom still fancies here that's the
main thing she did this morning before
we even get to see the doctor they make
sure that you fill out this
questionnaire because they want to know
the psychological reasons why a person
has come to see them what has driven you
to seek help why did you come for the
treatment at feeling prematurely aged by
hair loss yeah that's the main way did
it affect confidence in social
situations yes
has anyone ever said it to you or
triggered you and with the comment about
your hair
Julia reading especially my colleagues
yeah what did they say Fleur What did he
say oh look at you getting all this oh
yeah guys your was Lauren yeah if you do
that again I'm coming for you and then
we get to meet the king of hair
restoration Maris he owns the clinic and
he is such a legend hey say hi to the
lovely people oh look I can see the
images of me from over a year ago look
at this the pictures that they took from
different angles when I was here last
time I'm gonna see if there's a
difference how have you been since how's
your health been good good yeah yeah
I've lived with stressful situations
over the last year which I don't know if
that affected my hair at all
you just you know move in too long -
yeah and it gone full time on YouTube
and all of that the medications you were
recommended were finasteride I just
explained the science and what the
medication does so in guys when we
produce testosterone and it's broken
down our body into a hormone called DHT
and that's the bastard that's the one
that goes for the hair follicle attacks
it and makes it go thinner thinner
thinner and weaker until it's not there
anymore and you completely lose that
hair and that's happening across your
head and in various places more than
others and it gets progressively worse
and worse as time goes on that this drug
finasteride is the one that actually
lux the DHT hormone from attack at the
follicle thus letting them continue to
grow healthily on inhibited the other
one is when you may have seen his
regained and the active ingredient is
minoxidil it's a foam solution like that
and you Pat it in to you Pat it into the
trouble areas it brings a circulation
back to the area so again oxygen and
nutrient rich blood back to the area and
it helps those M hairs grow better so
now it's time for my comparison pictures
to be taken here we go
so we're taking them in the exact same
positions on proximity to the ones that
we took a year ago so that we can really
compare them exactly side-by-side I'm
nervous
no you've no need we can re add from
last year looking at this critically I
can't see any deterioration and if you
look at this area here in the center
appear to be a slight increase actually
if you see this temple yeah and this
temple going back it actually that is
that looks like quite a difference
actually yeah you see these light colors
hairs over here the two pointed out you
can see that the pigment has improved in
them
that's the melanocytes being stimulated
by the finasteride medication so does
more definition to the hairline my
interpretation not as a doctor is that
you're responding positively to the
medication yeah no we're not going to
get this wild effect from you because
your head also is at such an early stage
but remember had you not taken that
thing we'd be looking at less air now
yeah I know you're not a therapist by by
trade but it's just what it does for
your head what really took me by
surprise is the psychology over here
I wasn't expecting this and it's all
about image problem so as you can
imagine this is unbelievably amazing
because you wait for a whole year not
knowing what the result will be and
thankfully not only has the hair loss
stopped but some of the hair that had
gone away and has come back her has
thickened I'm a happy boy let's just say
that now it's dad's turn to take his
pictures and to see just how significant
his hair loss is so I'm just going to
look at the home we call the donor area
- back here and you can see that the
area up here is gone bald but you can
see this hair here is very very strong
and super polishing include density one
good thing you've held is you've had
your eyebrows ready what's the term that
we learnt about eyebrows brush your
eyebrows are on on fleek yeah your head
is just beginning to show through here
actually this is only months if you must
go now and I start to notice no dead
they don't go wow this is that's not
nice
it's appears and I apologize but I do
have to this is really how does that
make you feel looking at that shit
really sorry yeah it doesn't look good
is it I'm seeing dad's face as he looks
at those pictures for the first time is
devastating he just had absolutely no
idea how bad it was and it just
absolutely took him by surprise
I'm just going to I'm just going to side
by side okay
I was located us in this pictures it
does look worse at the pictures yes you
not need never see it from that angle no
that's true
the amount of hair here is not
sufficient to totally cover the whole
top of your head with any degree of
Dentistry and my strong recommendation
is for the moment leaves the back alone
okay then focus on the front the
slagging was introduced although the
comments about your head reduce
brilliance my son loved me I could get
some from him yes I think realistically
we could come back to roughly here oh
wow so now for my sneaky little surprise
M dad's neck on to the toilet I've got a
couple minutes alone with Morris and
here is what we are planning so he
thinks that we were just in for it the
chat the consultation and he doesn't
know that we're actually gonna go ahead
with this yeah I don't I want to get I
want to give this to him because
obviously I love him somewhat she's an
amazing dad he's been incredible to
Mabel I can see how much it's affected
him and and you saw his reaction today
I've never seen him that happy in a long
time initial disappointment when he saw
B of course it's her yeah but no hope
yeah does hope there and I think for a
song to be able to do that further that
is absolutely fantastic well so
hopefully I'll feel I'll work that for
you will not influence is to say I will
not speak it's his decision yeah yeah
yeah but if he does decide to go ahead
and lift it well then you know I'm very
very happy and it can be a wonderful
gift for you to be able to give them and
you to you know me you know we're both
giving them something special I'm
excited
so this stage dad is absolutely no idea
about a month has passed and I think
he's somewhat forgotten about the
consultation I'm back home in Ireland
for what he thinks is a video shoot with
my friend Melanie that was a massive lie
he's about to find out the news sit down
there we're gonna do a little chat now
for a video and I'm doing what Melanie
tomorrow isn't that right right it's not
it's not to do with Melanie at all
actually no not at all it is
no it's actually about you remember we
went for the consultation for your hair
oh yeah yeah we're going to get it done
as a gift for you what already
yeah no way absolutely yeah one share
myself man look at you lion this is shit
Melanie yeah I know you wanted it didn't
you yeah yeah of course
well you know alright I think we don't
keep a secret
cheers to hair to beautiful hair
good morning it is the day of that
surgery oh look at that lovely hair it's
gonna go it's gonna be much longer than
now on yeah what scar there's gonna be
but they said the natural look for
someone your age I just go like this
swish swish mom's gonna be all over you
you what I told her not to pull my hair
while we're doing the business you know
we're all pain feeling now
a bit nervous why I don't know what's
gonna happen
you think they're going to shave your
head yeah they're gonna cut the back
your head and they're gonna repair a
piece of skin and they're gonna
individually take grafts and pin them
one by one 2500 times into the top of
your head
it's grunge there are really nice people
anyway so aren't they they're making
very welcome yet and that's what's so
nice about it they are nice Dilek often
hi this is Rhiannon Sam thank you
special car park right by the door so
that no one can see you come in so it's
all private can you imagine the man two
celebrities have come here and parked in
this spot now too you know slap slam me
go I'll be singing it away get into the
clinic
we're greeted by one of the staff and
they give you a private escort to your
waiting room which will be yours for the
entire day and at this stage dad's
nerves have made him a little bit
excitable the Karate Kid you look like
The Karate Kid oh you're gonna look so
Jean how you doing right now it's time
for him to get wired up sign his consent
forms and then for his favorite bit
every patient when they come in here is
a little bit nervous and Shera has some
I like all them happy tablets we have
reported all about giving patients a
very very low amount of sedation during
the day just to make it more comfortable
sweetie let go I feel like I'm on I'll
be City yeah or something yeah and then
we move into the design room where we
meet these incredibly talented
technicians you step by step with really
precise measurements create dad's new
Caroline
we're just assessing the amount of
flexibility that means we take roughly
about the width of your finger eyes and
we need to bring the edges together if
the disease are a guideline but a lot of
here will be put in here to strengthen
this and then a few scattered in the
front to give it a natural appearance
about 15 minutes passed since dad took
his happy tablets and they are well and
truly taken aback thank you and now it's
time for the big day searchers to get
that settled in the team are ready to go
the tools are their vital signs you're
looking good
and they go to work okay now is the bit
where I have to give you somewhat of a
warning cuz you're about to see the
donor strip of scalp hair that they have
harvested from the back of my dad's head
if you're squeamish in any way or you
don't want to watch it maybe skip ahead
and then continue watching or look
through your fingers look I was in the
room with it so I had to and I looked at
part of my father being taken off him so
you're fine this is it now all right
three two one
see wasn't too bad that was it
kinda gross stuff oh my god that was
there amazing and intense wow I knew it
was going to be difficult to watch pull
and when it's like your own family
you've got to think it's someone else
and watching on TV it's not real
what is this but they told me like at
any point if I felt uncomfortable or
like I was kind of I said but I needed
to leave the room I did feel a bit like
queasy or like I was gonna vomit at one
point but held it together
the stitching all up right now and the
donor pieces are in the next room down
there being split into sections and all
the technicians are put in each of the
individual graphs the individual hair
follicles laid out so that they can then
plant them into the front how you
feeling your Cutler beam Lorraine now
dad and I are brought in and they give
us an up close and personal look at
exactly how they separate the hair
follicles it's really healthy to see
these little black dots that's all your
hair roots
Wow all the other I'm so glad you
recorded this fascinate me I'm so glad
they're gone why because it's nice to
see another little warning eye that
there's a teeny tiny bit of blood coming
up the doctor now with an absolutely
tiny scalpel makes thousands of little
incisions at the top of dad's head while
it's been completely numbed the pattern
of these incisions has been designed by
the technicians earlier in the day and
these are the holes that are now going
to be the home for the hair follicles
that are slid in one by one while the
team are working away on the feet for
hours dad is in the lap of luxury sittin
there enjoying David Attenborough planet
Earth
being brought drinks and food having the
odd nap and doing what my dad does best
we're floored I got you on camera and
ten hours later well just over ten hours
later that is nearly done so the end of
the day is here and we finally get to
find out just how many hair grafts and
individual hair follicles they were able
to harvest and plant into my dad's head
we initially thought it was going to be
two thousand five hundred well so
society family ends up getting
3181 3180 would yeah so your total hair
counts is actually 5715 we get home and
every twenty minutes for the next twelve
hours
dad's head needs to be sprayed over and
over with saline solution to keep it
hydrated and clean and that is cold so
you make someone look beautiful that is
today done and then they buy a couple of
months so six months six months six
months should look I should have the
wolf the with the woof no it's called
the quick quick do you think it will
give you more confidence
well what happen hair back I feel
happier with myself oh jesus don't know
to be careful any other ladies beautiful
I mean I already have some of my am gay
friends so they're mad about you so
we're gonna have to back them away even
one of my exes weird you know who it is
right yeah oh yeah he fancies you oh
yeah thank you so much everyone
oh thank you so much everyone who helped
today in the surgery yeah all those
technician ladies with the legends
they're lovely
so what could I say um thank you isn't
nearly enough for what these guys at
Harris tration Blackrock have done for
both myself and my dad
the peace of mind renewed confidence and
just giving my dad something incredibly
special that he'll have for the rest of
his life because these ones that you
implant don't fall out they were
incredibly incredibly professional so so
warm caring constantly they're on the
phone if you needed them and if I need
it down the line there's no question
that I'll be going there so no matter
what sex you are if you have noticed the
difference in your hair and if it's
giving you anxiety don't just sit there
and wait for some miraculous miracle to
happen because there is professional
help made there and they know exactly
what they're talking about they know the
science and they're ready to help you so
thank you for watching and make sure you
comment below with them any of your own
personal hair restoration or hair loss
stories I'd love to hear them and also
we'll be back in a year with the second
video to follow from this one to see how
dad's hair restoration has gone and how
he's healed up big love chat you later
bye
