about one person in 20 of both sexes is
homosexual contrary to popular opinion
most of them don't look any different
from anyone else people can only tell
the obvious ones but they are a tiny
minority listen we do think homosexuals
should be sent to prison yes I was
beaten up in a public lavatory I think
one of the barriers to accept public
acceptance for you is that normal people
who most normal people find much
physically do disgusting this is a
dealing with a twilight area of abnormal
people and and it's something that I
don't think is ever for public
discussion for many of us this is
revolting men dancing with men
homosexuals in this country today break
the law most homosexuals must lead a
secret dark existence
imagine being arrested for kissing the
one you love imagine losing your job and
home for holding your lover's hand
imagine being publicly shamed for simply
being who you are
that's not a story from a movie that was
real life for gay men living here in the
UK 50 years ago in 1967 homosexuality
was partially decriminalised
in England and Wales but even still the
police and the state continued to hunt
down gay men it was a time of fear shame
last love but also excitement and pure
gay joy today we meet some of the men
who lived through that time and hear
their incredible stories
when was the first time that you
realized that you were a little bit
different um I think I was 12 before I
finally realized what's going on and how
I was attracted to boys my age I guess
when I fell in love with I was in the
second grade but with long Connor God he
was good-looking but realizing that it
was very deep and it was very real and
it was something that was absorbing me
wealthy teacher know he was a boy he was
a little boy I thought he's good-looking
I liked him
it was something I knew that wasn't to
be talked about but to be gay I mean
coming from a Catholic family I was
being bullied at school both physically
and mentally as it were being called
queer poofter all these sorts of things
it was a gang that were very close
together and recognize there's something
different about me
but I was differently enough from them
for them to target me for them to rough
me up about that time you have started
to have in the papers these stories of
homosexuals who were being prosecuted
for being homosexual and things started
to click and thought oh I'm one of them
exactly did you speak to anyone about it
no there's no one to speak to about it
really my mother wouldn't have
understood anyway because in the forties
reference to anyone gay was they were a
pansy boy and she would she did say once
I hope you're not going to turn out to
be one of those you live with that
knowledge of course that you were in
effect the way you felt was illegal what
does that do to a young man's head it
screws it up I mean you know because
you're internalizing it as a result it
caused me depression still to this day I
have bouts of depression it's because of
your keeping all those sort of things
inside you the whole time
by about the age of 15 I had quite a
close friend at school as well and he
felt the same way
you think he was gay oh yes what was his
name Richard he also had great
difficulty in accepting his difference
he often used to say why can't I be
normal and sadly at the age of 15 he
died the story goes that he fell off a
cliff
knowing him I don't think he was a sort
of individual who would fall off a cliff
and I think he threw himself off he
committed suicide so you can imagine
when I learnt of that I was devastated
he was the one person who could confide
him but it did it not me back and at the
age of 60 and I then tried to commit
suicide I wanted to be normal yet I knew
I wasn't what was your mom's feeling
towards gay people did you ever Assoc
Hey she was so bigoted she's in like
blacks he didn't like Chicano she didn't
like gays even so she was so dependent
on them particularly gays because they
did her hair they helped them with her
makeup her clothes all kind of stuff so
she loved all that but she ran them down
so it was a time where I had someone
staying with me and she used to come
once a week to do the cleaning she
insisted on coming once we hated her
coming to do the clean yeah don't we all
hated it but this woman wouldn't let go
of me she was taking driving me to
school one day and she was going on
about her hairdresser business
oh he is so gay he would have to squat
to pee I said mother she said what I
said mother some of my best friends are
gay and I'm gay and she was like always
Cryptococcus my god how can you do this
to me and I said do it to you I'm doing
it for me not you you're so hysterical I
said who's hysterical yours we had this
big Rauh in the car it was a pleasure
lead it and go to school so she was
upstairs one day and she called me said
Tony I said yes she said where is David
sleeping because the spare bird doesn't
appear to have been slept in
are you sleeping with him
I said it's none of your business
you've never spoke to me about your
private life
I'm not going to speak to you about mine
and then what happened nothing she
ignored it she never mentioned it again
I was 24 when the 1967 I came in and
even then of course it was far from easy
he came with terms and conditions
exactly you had to be 21 sexual activity
could only take place in a private
premises so if for example you were with
someone and there was someone else in
the same house albeit in a different
room it was illegal it couldn't be a
hotel or a rental property no no no no
no no no way here to own the house yep
yep window blinds had to be closed
yes doors had to be laughs yes yes 67 I
didn't change things I mean if anything
things became worse
it went from point where we were left
alone more or less to we were being
intensely pursued I started to discover
there were what we would refer to as
cottages public conveniences in remote
locations where you could go and meet
other man that we're looking for sex it
started a long involvement with
cottaging it became an obsession what
was the love that you were searching for
yes yes yes that the sex was hopefully
going to be something that would lead to
to love between me and another man well
what I discovered was that most of the
men I encountered were pretty closeted
anyway they didn't even want to have a
conversation and they certainly didn't
want to see me again they wanted to do
what they were there to do with me and
leave made me feel depressed it made me
feel well I'm not getting anywhere the
police in those days were very active
they didn't like groups of homosexuals
being together so they were forever
raiding bars and they used to send out
what we used to call the pretty boys
yeah the first one to talk about these
pretty boys of police men yeah and some
of them were the agent provocateurs
deliberately trying to lure you know
you're in because the idea was you
come on to them or they would encourage
you to come on to them at which point
that arrest you whilst their fear when
you were going to meet these men
searching for love having sex that you
were going to get caught by the police
yeah and that was part of the excitement
that hi so the excitement yeah because I
knew there was it was doing something
that I could be arrested for I knew that
there was something that I could be a
use as a target for because there were
people that used to come to two cottages
to beat people up didn't stop me it's
not that I wanted to be arrested it's
not that I wanted to get into any
trouble it's just it went with the
territory so I learned some skills about
how to protect myself at any point did
it get you into trouble yes it did it
did I think it was in my early twenties
I was in Piccadilly underground in the
toilets
but I think the mistake I made was to
switch stalls not just go into one stall
and then leave no no it wasn't enough
for me I had to carry on didn't I they
had constructed a screen at one end and
behind that there was a camera and
people observing what was going on so
one at some point one of them came round
and tapped me on the shoulder and said
you're being arrested I was arrested for
importuning what went through your head
complete fear you know thinking oh my
god is the thing I've been trying to
avoid has finally happened but also bill
Vanga which I did express to them I
wasn't doing anything compared to what
I'd done before I was being arrested for
just looking I was taken to the police
station which wasn't very far away and I
was told plead guilty because if you
plead guilty you'll all be over very
quickly and he'll probably just be fined
if you don't plead guilty the
proceedings will be recorded and it will
get into the newspaper this is easier
for you just to admit
it's happened and no one will know
that's what they told me but it didn't
turn out that way because there was a
reporter from the local press in the
gallery who wrote a report about it with
my name and address as a result of that
my landlord said to me I don't want
people like you in one of my properties
you're out did you ever receive an
apology no from whom to please the state
no what what good would that do
well there are pressure from your family
to get married my mother in particular
put pressure on me for a good number of
years what's wrong with you why have you
got any girlfriend I went to a party and
this girl was there I mean she was much
much the same age I think by that time I
was thinking well perhaps if I tried
going out with a woman things would
change yeah you go through those sort of
motions in your mind that you could
trick yourself into being straight yes
so in a weak moment I said yes and on
the eve of the wedding or the night you
know before the wedding
I didn't sleep my plan was it okay I'll
stick with this for two or three years
and then say sorry it hasn't worked out
you know divorce
I think I only had sex about twice with
her you had sex twice in how many years
twenty years seven years twice in 27
years throughout that period as I said I
led a double life
were you ever worried that it would get
back to her well if it does so what I'm
off the hook exactly yes when my son has
finished university left home and as
soon as he had I then sat her down and
said I'm sorry but I can't continue like
this any longer
and I was quite honest with her I said
look I've struggled with my sexuality
for most of my life her response was I'm
not surprised so she obviously had
picked up something did you feel guilty
nothing no I felt relieved but honestly
my next worry was how do I tell my son
because we were very close and he sat
there and said so what
I don't mind you're still my dad I don't
care how do I feel hearing that from
wonderful absolutely wonderful
in 1999 I met my partner Jeff we both
immediately clicked as you say and that
was 17 years ago no play ever after I
hope at what point did you find love I
loved him more than anybody but the
problem was I was very out and he wasn't
he couldn't be but when when we broke up
we were surrounded by people men and
women and chatting this pub and he said
look I don't think I'm gay and so I'm
not gonna go on with this relationship
and I got so angry and so I stood up and
I said you're not gay you don't think
you're gay I will give you a certificate
you are gay and I walked out I can't
believe I did that that was horrible he
turned bright red and everyone looked at
him well of course it was over forever
it took me a long long long time to
process that your hopes for future love
never that's over of course I mean I'm
always looking for mr. right you still
are now not actively but I presume
you'll come he'll walk on in I live in
expectation honey I haven't been on the
gay scene I didn't know any gay bars I
thought how do I find other people I'll
buy a copy of gay news I pull a copy the
only copy I've ever bought and the
advert says London 58 smooth slim caring
six slim active partner middle years one
to one relationship only so I answered
got a reply within a week and how long
were you together in total in total it
was nearly 28 years
one thing I stipulated was that I'm not
moving in until you get a washing
machine bridezilla over here
yeah there were those differences which
I think really enhanced the relationship
and then he got sick yeah it's um happen
quite quickly he was he was 86 by that
time one morning I woke him up and I
could tell he had fluid on his mouth and
I rang the ambulance
and they said that the next 24 hours are
critical got him settled in the ward
so I was away about now and a half go
back to the hospital and they couldn't
understand what he was saying things
obviously were going at a very fast rate
and looking at monitors and thinking
these numbers standard good and so from
from calling ambulance
tell me later who take did you say
goodbye to him yes but he wasn't aware
of I cuz he sang to me since he's died
that I've realized how deeply yeah
emotionally involved sounds like an
amazing bond and relationship with you
yeah well I think the fact that as I
said it was a slow burner and we slowly
got to know each other got to appreciate
each other but um gave you that strength
do you think that you'll love again
not to anything the same degree now do
you think he'd want you to yes one of
the things he said and they also before
he died he said get on your computer and
following someone who can you can look
after your needs and it's such a shock
to me that you just came out with it
where's that come from but do you ever
wish that you were straight no I've
never wished that there was a point I
became very depressed I thought this
isn't working well for me I was spending
so much time in this endless search for
someone that I don't seem to be able to
find and yet I can't seem to stop so I
went to my GP and I said I've got these
deep periods of depression I'm losing
interest in living and I think it's
because I'm gay and he said well I'll
refer you to a psychologist in a
hospital which he did I went to see the
psychologist who said we can help you I
said oh yes he said I said well how can
you help me he said I'll give you a
version therapy I said well what's that
I said well what we do we attach
electrodes to your genitals and we show
you pictures of nude men and if you get
an erection you're given an electric
shock I can't quite believe what he was
saying I thought this is bizarre
that's not gonna work I said no thank
you
they yeah I think in a way that was my
standing my ground and saying okay I
thought I was depressed because I'm gay
you know what I'm gay it sort of
inspired me I think to be Who I am
self-respect yeah yes dignity some
people say that um the young gay man of
today are so fucking lucky is that what
they say well do they well
I say it and some of my older friends
say it in general now are you happy as
an older gay man
oh yes what's life like it's wonderful
no because I'm able to be myself my only
regret is that I wasn't able to be like
that when I was younger I wanted to look
at this young man now uh-huh
and if you could go back and say
something to him now
what would you say to him darling it
only gets better looking back what would
you say to him now just go ahead don't
change anything
because at the end of the day I've had a
good life if you dwell on the past
you've got no future how do you feel
when you look at him now I think you'll
make it I think you'll make it in life
he'll be okay I think you have thank you
