higher is Riyadh here and I have to just
somewhere at Courtney Oh Courtney on hi
everyone OMG sorry about my life not so
glamorous mountable government-issued
dressing room the lava grim where are we
by the way we are at the underbelly
festival in London Southbank right now
there's a show going on more than 100
meters from oh so you will hear
screaming and cheering and music try to
thick but then you know what it is so we
have done a confession video with the
points are easily confessions video with
a flight attendant and now we've got
lovely Courtney act so this is
confessions of a drag queen ah a lot of
these questions are pretty crazy are you
ready for this can you handle the truth
can you give us the truth I can't handle
the truth
and I can give you the trip that I can
take the truth okay but you can't you
are allowed one pack of all the
questions are asking you allow someone
you have to answer in some form all of
the others okay Oh God I think should I
to everyone who tweeted these questions
for Courtney's also the mixture of
myself and other people thank you
perfect
it was let's go go again thank you no
thank you thank you thank you and in
Australian cheese when you told your
family that you wanted to have a career
and drag or any of them dicks about it
no I actually thought my mom and my dad
everything on one night you came out as
gay and Tim as a dry cleaner the same
night we were talking about my drag
queen friends because our you look
pretty good as the Sheila which is Kylie
into a woman and it's like well since
you mentioned it because what I'm
fucking blind it does Kourtney get you
more effects about this would actually
scare by the way okay so here's the
thing what happens you as Kourtney I
attract a certain kind of guy
I understand strength by hand
queer guys I have had a lot of sexual
relations with like this as Shane like
gay men are attracted to boys young as a
boy there always seems to be
complications gay boys want to be my
friend they want to hang out but there
always seems to be like a thing with gay
men gay boys about like sex and dating
and we actually have it's a drag race
phenomena all I heard was it was it
called again
so sisters opposed to flaccid trade
couple limp ladies impeded by
malfunctioning Ally which basically
means that when like you what they'll be
gay boys will be all up in your grill
like you'll be making out at the club
you'll go home or go to hop on the good
foot is a bad thing and then you can't
get it up get it out
Omo epidemic well it's not just me
because for a while I was like yeah I
know he is an ugly no long long one in
between suffer too well on adore Bianca
Alaska like it we all talked about it
and that's how we hold the support group
but that's why I actually find by pen
and queer and questioning guys to be
like more my style because a then it was
drag race and a fan go and get lit but
also like they're attracted to
femininity and masculinity which is
equal measure
yeah yeah so having sex in all of this
stuff has to be a pain I have like a
week looks good in any position oh they
stopped this one it's not this one I
mean this one wouldn't be to that so has
a guy ever been having a moment with you
and for the times on the hair and
jamming happened not yet ugly it's all
the glue yes if a guy wants to see you
in a club as Courtney or arching and
wanted to make a move what's the best
way that they can win you over it not
going to be the fangirling no they need
to just be extremely upfront when two
gay men talk to each other and are like
hey want to go out for a drink that
usually means that they want to you know
have some sort of sexual and mostly but
when people say to me hey let's go out
for drinks they also just might want to
be my friend I was meant to my friend
Daniel and I'm like so I want to date
what I think it's a day and he's like
why how do you constantly get yourself
into this situation and I'm like I don't
know like I like him and we went on wait
wait
yeah no yeah girl yeah haha did you text
him yes no yeah okay so since this is a
cure I getting right here this is a
confessional video Cortney and I went
for drinks haha and so Shane and I went
for bring up and I I didn't know what it
was but at the same time I was like in
for today it's a day yeah yeah okay and
there was a little smooch and it was
lovely it was really nice we did
everything a friend's yeah what are you
so I was like I actually having at this
experiment well I was like so I'm going
on a date with react I'm like I think I
don't know if at the date or not we're
also like work colleagues yay
so there was like that element as well
we appreciate each other's work we do we
do we met because I so agree as queer
Britain series on BBC three and I was
watching and I was in Brighton and I was
watching it and I was like Anna xx this
is the genius of Avera fighting is crazy
so bitter so yeah you can see like even
if you don't follow them it pops up in a
special list called verify yeah really
handy yes in meaning cute
so that's what well so you're like I
love your show
blah blah blah bullshit no I was
attracted to your mind oh because no I
actually genuinely like I watched it and
I was like I have this way we go so I'm
not watching because I put blush I'd
like this way to achieve and also I'm
totally into like what you're doing like
hi I love doing that sort of stuff and I
just sat there and watched two of
episode the clip written and was like
these takes them oh I'm like oh my god
rain my confessional yeah like you know
he works in very opening moments that is
so refreshing so when ran and I went on
a date and glue into Saab and they were
making out and I was like for my lungs
at 10:30 a.m. and he was like oh that's
very sweet but like I don't don't like
you initiate his lung for the hotel yeah
no it was it was so smooth that I didn't
even know it was happening you said oh
we have to get up at 10:30 that's so
long and I was like we have wait a
second what's going on oh I think oh you
want me to go all and then I was like do
you know what I think you're great well
it will close become weak like not but I
started I waited and here's the payoff I
woke up the next morning with a hangover
and I was like I really enjoyed spending
time with you we were actually really
glad that like I didn't have some sort
of like drunk bumble this is actually
this is genuine okay since that instant
I actually found this newfound power in
not having sex with somebody straight
away amazing yeah I wasn't laughing I
was like I'm actually really glad that
that this didn't happen and I could I
know those like more of like a respect
or more of like a something and since
then I am actually looking to go on
dates with people one the bitch is clean
you know I'll Bianca Del Rio
oh really I'll but like what not funny
bitchy I mean like an actual thing I
like this be real if you want to whisper
in my ear no I'll say it out loud let me
get one top you said that yeah you want
to get one pot I am so excited to hear
this and you know what I love her but
also I I know this is going to get you
in trouble can I say Michelle visage
actually oh wow the Queen Tecna she is
in a way yeah
I think Michelle visage Hawaii honestly
um no I think we just rub each other the
wrong way I was like we bond on many
levels but then also that just this like
element where I just feel like she
doesn't like me it's because you're too
nice I don't know but was that difficult
being on the show and seeing her kind of
Gerald be funny and informed with be on
camera I love you yeah um and I remember
like I genuinely remember feeling like
nothing I ever did was good enough right
on the show like cotton officer there's
lots that happened on TV and he didn't
see on TV but in both contexts I just
felt like it didn't matter what I did
there was never good enough for her yeah
and I said this to her but there was
like it's like it's disapproving my
blood kind of vibe and she does have
that maternal vibe and you know maybe
that was her strategy but yeah you don't
remember one thing that you did I could
have called stuff to happen one specific
thing that you attended her you said
something bad sir not because I didn't
know her before the show okay on the
show what you see on television is what
actually happened
I'm socializing with my life like we're
doesn't kinky Michels with Kiki like you
walk out on stage and that's sitting
down that's the first time you see them
I always felt like I didn't feel yeah I
didn't feel like what I do well I think
you're great and I know loads of other
people think that you're okay and the
felon I thought okay show Anna and now
I'm your armpit oh I'm sorry
I love people capable it's not okay it's
kind of hot in here we've got to put you
everyone no I actually don't exist now
oh wow
yes fractions pungent interesting moving
on let's go back implied shit the most
asked question across the board today
has been by talking and we're talking
every single type of thing that you
could possibly think of at that cooking
has been asked okay so number one do you
does it affect your boners if you're
constantly talking no okay number two
and while talked have you ever pissed
yourself from one last one time at once
well I was taped actually was whilst
filming Australian Idol it was one of my
first times taping and I had all this
leg bronzer on out there if you can
imagine your penis gets pulled back
between your legs and if you just pull
down flat you can pee but you know
hahaha
and so I was peeing backwards in Ottawa
into the toilet not the urine please
like no no it's this Chapel wait I was
like oh I got you down like this yes
right but what had happened was I was
peeing and I was like that feeling and
then I realized that what he was
dribbling them they want to go into
toilet at all bit of bug and I had a
lisp I can run through my legs I had
like pee live you're both on God it is
quite a glamorous job you know just
talking heart no people think it does it
doesn't you testicles go up inside oh
where you were when I came from when you
were born
testicles go up into like a cavity
that's right here and
penis get snatched back between your
legs hi yeah you can come in you know
what is interesting though what is when
you're talking if you're making out
somebody and doing dragon your tapes and
they get it overnighted Oh imagine like
a an inner tube from a tire inflating
sort like inflate but it's like bent
like up your jack see so it kind of like
inflates like backwards if you try to
touch us you're if you tried to bend an
erect penis if you don't have a penis if
you try to bend an erect penis you
couldn't do it but if it's bent
and it inflate it just in in that's
painful it's not essence they could
hardly be enjoyable oh it's like how
often do you sort of get mistaken as a
biological woman quite often your lock
is pretty yeah I mean blurry like I look
over at a stage later on yeah but it's
really important to me to be very
upfront about my gender and in fact on
all of my dating it now I have whether
it be a boy or a girl profile that I
have I say ugly girl in brackets English
as a boy and then somebody was like wait
so you're a woman who listens a man I'm
like oh I can tell it's good feeling
that's a work on my village right okay
so a guy in the past I'm sure has close
to straight guy thinking that you're a
biological woman yet and have you ever
gone fuck it let's go with it and see
what happens
no I've always let them know that I'm
not how do you say that and what's the
reaction well this boy was chatting up
is actually the god of rugby calendar
launch wow this was like 16 years ago
but the language was different back then
and I was like you know I'm not a real
girl right and and he was like what oh
oh and then you know his and
okay let's give it a go well you know
what 49% of people in the UK survey by
you go identified is not exclusively
heterosexual 49% Wow Tom you not just
people aged 16 to 20 everyone's on the
spectrum I always say it they are I
never make sense the worst part of being
a drag artist how's the dating
challenging also at the same time I have
access to a whole plethora of man that I
don'ts that you don't and that you
probably really would like yeah I mean I
know what you have is you might be a
twin contractor a twin conquer you got
that look about you once a turncoat you
look like you're right and I slip out of
it reading the tape residue from tucking
mmm
like all day yesterday I was feeling a
little succulent and basically my thumb
cheeks would like be stuck together from
the pay-per-view and have to like
physically like peel them apart these
are things you never think of the best
part of being a drag queen the best part
of being a drag queen is getting to do
what I love is being onstage like
tonight I'm about to go on stage and do
it so excited for 500 people crazy and
it's me if the piano it's songs of
stories it's costumes and it's literally
my favorite thing to do in the world and
the fact that I get to do it travel all
around the world is so nice it's a dream
come true it is well the drink how much
do you earn enough to afford a lot of
bullshit it does bullshit how much do
you earn I actually don't talk about
money to anybody I know it's about your
class you know that's it that's okay I
knew it would be that came from Richard
by the way that wasn't me rich my system
I was I wouldn't ask a question like
that but you can tell me later
I have you ever felt like package all in
unzoom foot now yeah really yeah why so
many times not in a lot not since
dragged great okay because the track
thing wasn't working out at the time
yeah it was like in the real struggle is
often
I was honestly I struggle a lot with my
own gender identity for many years I
didn't know if I wanted to be a trans
woman or if I wanted to like go on
steroids and become a Jew stuck over
Denver and what I realized was that
there was these this binary that I was
sliding with well that was the two
ultimate outcomes of the society that we
live in like this like masculine
muscular man or this glamorous beautiful
woman
slightly femininity or masculinity and
it wasn't until like maybe four years
ago through my friendship at Chaz Bono
and talking about the idea of gender and
sexuality and through a straight
identifying boy that I was dating it
actually set me free because I was like
I don't know whether I should be
masculine or feminine I'm just going to
be myself and he'll still liked me
anyway yeah and so now I'm just like why
the term genderqueer or gender fluid
resonates with me because it means I
don't have to be masculine I don't have
to be feminine or rather I can be both
yes or neither
just be you probably feel alone today
yeah I love that well I think she did
incredibly well one time and and you use
it and you were so honest I thank you
for your openness
hey you it was such a pleasure and make
sure you check out the video we did no I
just again what I put my son come to
look this has happened to me like when
anyone me me and you yeah
I remember being like hugs by a big
muscle marry at a surrogate party and
then the rest of the night I was so
proud and was like a psychic or finally
like hit puberty and have body odor good
pheromones and then I was like why did
only on was it here I'm not there as I
thought my actually my smell yeah didn't
know that that's my smell yeah it's on
me forever black mark I'll never wash it
again
don't kissing that tree so make sure you
check out the video we did on Courtney's
channel I bet at marriage equality in
Australia versus Ireland obviously in
Ireland we have it you guys hopefully
hopefully we'll get it soon and follow
Courtney Oliver links are down below and
obviously subscribe to the channel if
you want more videos like this and I'll
chat you in a couple of days
ah big love bye
