that's better
higher as Riyadh here good to be back
yeah had a bit of a mental couple of
weeks so apologies for the little gap in
VL clothes but M today are we talking
about one of the most bizarre crazy
unbelievable and sort of privileged
filled moments of my life I got invited
to meet the Prime Minister of Great
Britain casual never have been so much
love about me going to number 10 Downing
Street to go a metre but there's also
been a bit of a backlash so I thought
I'd make this video to describe exactly
what happened that day in details
because it's it's mad but also to kind
of say why I went so first thing first I
was sitting right here at my desk just
tippy tapping away and I get an email
notification I go in I think it's some
stupid pop up or some guy trying to get
my bank details and to tell me that I'm
going to win five million rupees but it
was really male and it said the Prime
Minister requests the pleasure of the
company of Riyadh caliph added reception
to celebrate the lgbtq+ community
attendance tree so I obviously am
passive and called the mother called a
friend called father and said going on
and then obviously as you do as an
oversharing attention-seeking dickhead
youtuber you share it on all of your
social media platforms to them tell the
world that you're better than it joke I
did Cheryl alive obviously come on who
wouldn't and then I realized wait I've
got to think about this do I go and the
reasons that I had to think about that
were beings basically Theresa May and
her party the Conservative Party for
many many years in the past had a very
conservative anti-equality views
anteye adoption auntie marriage equality
amongst other things and her in
particular has a very checkered dotted
path of her votes and what she wanted
and didn't want just a couple of
examples in 2002 she voted against
same-sex couples being able to adopt in
2004 she was absent for four votes on
the gender recognition bill then also in
2004 later in that year she voted for
civil marriage for same-sex couples in
2008 she voted for a bit 2/4 IVF clinics
to consider the rights of a mother and
father before giving treatment which
essentially threatened the possibility
of lesbian couples going and getting
that treatment of them than having a
baby and then in 2010 she was apparently
one of the key people to go through a
priority and say here lads we have to
give same-sex couples full marriage not
just civil partnerships as you can see
over time not so terrible her party has
kind of changed they're not perfect and
that means a lot of LGBT people are and
still angry they will not vote for them
I didn't vote for them I voted for
labour partially because example for
many other reasons too so that was stuck
in my head the other massive thing that
made me think I maybe shouldn't go is
that they have a new partnership with
the DUP the DVR the Democratic Unionist
Party a super far right-wing socially
conservative party based in Northern
Ireland who are pretty in my eyes
they're homophobic they am have voted
against same-sex marriage multiple times
they're anti abortion they've publicly
made their views on same-sex
relationships very clear for instance
the son of the founder of the party said
I am repulsed by gay and lesbian ISM
it's wrong these people harmed
themselves and harm society and just
take a look at this Jim Wells was in the
DEP says that he believes that same-sex
couples who have kids are essentially
causing child abuse the factual
assertion will turn up the whole sex
relationship the timers are more likely
to be abused and neglected
he quickly tried to clarify what he'd
said and the next day it was a
straightforward apology so here you have
three who made the Conservative Party
the Prime Minister of Great Britain and
you have this DUP in this partnership
and and me as an LGBT activist advisor
to go and meet her uh-huh what do I do
I had people emailing me saying make a
stance make a statement don't go it will
make a bigger noise if you don't oh
don't go she's trying to use you as a PR
stunt and then I had a bit of an
epiphany I thought okay whether we like
it or not she is the most powerful woman
in the UK today and her party are we
can't do anything about that right now
that is just the way it is whether we
like to now okay now you can stop my
feet and and protest and say I'm not
going to go and meet you face to face
I'm going to stay outside and tell the
world why I might slide or as an LGBT
person living in the UK experiencing gay
life here and in Ireland around the
world I could go and try my best to get
face to face with her and give her a
piece of the LGBT story from the horse's
mouth what does it really like to be me
to be you what is it one of the real
struggles for people like me and you
feel our friends our family real human
stories in that moment I thought better
to be visible better to have a voice
better to be seen so I accepted the
invite IR to feed and at that point I
thought you know WA it no matter what
party it is this is a huge huge honor
for a gay Irish man to be invited into
the home of the UK Prime Minister like
it's not that many years ago that Irish
people were pretty hated here in the UK
there was no blacks no Irish no dogs
written on outside pubs and it was only
50 years ago that homosexuality was
partially decriminalised here this is
big and a soppy as it stands I was
thinking of my grandmother who's no
longer with us
and I thought
she was so so so proud to be Irish and
so proud of me and the achievements that
I've made up until the point that she
died and I thought I'm gonna go in and
I'm going to proudly wear my Irish flag
pimp which I ordered online and for
Express Delivery the night before and
also beside it my rainbow pin my to sort
of leaving identities that I'm extremely
proud of on myself walking into this
house that not many people get to
experience so the day is here I don't
know how many people are going to be
there I don't know if I'm going to get a
chance to talk to Teresa but I'm going
to try my best I'm going to go in and
and do all that I can to get it close to
her I'm pretty nervous I've dressed up
as well as I could I walk up to the door
we go through and like I suppose that
has an airport scanners and metal
detectors we go through that absolutely
fine and then there we are we're walking
up to the front door of number 10
Downing Street which I've been watching
on the news since I was a child as we're
about to walk through the door being the
social media seems that I am trying to
take you on the journey with me I open
up my Instagram stories and sort of hold
my phone here as I'm walking through the
guys door knows what I'm doing and it
goes sir sir put the phone away
okay he goes you cannot film in here
delete that video so out of respect I
did I deleted the video but I just
wanted to like you know bring you on a
virtual tour into the house but for
security reasons not good we step in and
they have a base 200 pigeonholes
wooden pigeon holes for your phones you
have to put your phone in you can't
bring your phone with you so then I know
okay with us
that's that I'm not going to be able to
document the rest of this inside we walk
through the house through the house
through the house a long corridor we're
really like fancy paintings on the walls
and and the nice dish carpet everything
was mismatched I don't know if that's
just the gay in me but everything was a
bit next
if we're talking about interior design
the house doesn't really happen Everson
looks expensive but it doesn't look nice
I mean that in the nicest way possible
we land in this gorgeous big open garden
where they've got people walking around
with wine and with an elderflower and
mint water cocktail sausages and of
course they had those uber uber English
and sandwiches with the crusts cut off
so I'm standing there and then a couple
of people approached me and they
introduced themselves and they're the
Prime Minister's aides or advisers and I
don't know her name but she was so
lovely this blonde lady and she was just
super super profitable then we see the
Prime Minister in blue at come down from
there's on the side of the house and
everyone goes quiet and we sort of like
push ourselves up to a podium that
they're ready for her to speak they
estimate maybe 220 people there at that
point I'm thinking there is no way I'm
going to get to speak to this woman she
gets up on the podium and she begins to
speak and that is when I got what I
didn't expect to get which was I guess a
little bit of respect for her where
there was no respect before she spoke
really really open and honestly about
her party her own views she said I know
I have voted against certain things in
the past if I could vote on those things
again today my views and my vote would
definitely be different now and I looked
around and everyone's kind of gone over
who that's kind of tough news right
there isn't it
and then and so she got a little clap
and that was fine and but still you know
no matter what words I said actions
speak louder than words right you got to
see things change for you to believe
what people are saying politicians we
know are fantastic at jargon and spin
and making things and impassioned and
great in the moment and then they go off
and do something else so I was still a
little bit okay thank you for saying
that
I would love you to say that in public
in the House of Commons where there are
cameras and people can see it because I
don't think I've ever heard her say the
things she said to us
public with that passion before then I'm
standing there as she's sort of ferried
over to a small line of about five
people and I'm just thinking oh there
she is over there whoops ah it would be
great if I got a chance to speak my mind
and then with that I get a little tap on
the shoulder and it's the lovely blonde
lady from before that I met at the start
of the day and she goes you and you do
want to speak to her don't you yeah she
was okay follow me
okay here we go what am I going to shake
so she pulled me over and sort of put me
into this line and was about four people
now ahead of me as Teresa was making her
way down I have my glass of wine in hand
and going so I turn around and there's
these two lovely elderly and gay men
behind me and I put it on the grass I
surprise him and just let me know that
that's there so you don't stand on it
could you mind if for me I'm like why I
said because I'm about to speaking as I
am Minister and then so on home alone in
my hammock and turn around and she's one
person away from me at that stage she
really got through the fast my heart is
jumping out of my chest my hands are
shaking and sweaty I'm thinking of how
am I going to string a sentence together
oh she's right there and then something
mad happened something bizarre I got
this wave of confidence from I don't
know where I just talked to myself right
you deserve to be here you have a voice
bloody use it Ria's don't let this
moment be ruined by nerves
just lay it out for simple just lay it I
speak from the heart
so I'm finished those in front of me and
she went like this hands like this good
he felt the face touch yes you I was
like hello and my name is riad calif and
this might send our people i think the
only way that you can introduce yourself
as in a very succinct fort of this is
what I've done way for the hello my name
is rhea calif i presented them a BBC TV
show called queer britain exploring the
various issues that the community here
in the UK face
that's what i started off with and then
after the niceties I just went in and I
just said look she said look myself and
a lot of people in Ireland and here in
the UK are very very worried and unhappy
with the dup deal and said what they
stand for is hugely damaging to young
LGBT people in Northern Ireland and that
I get hundreds of emails from these
young LGBT people talking about
self-harm suicidal thoughts as
depression anxiety struggles or coming
as and that it's that message for the
view people out and that's sort of
segregation and lack of equality that
makes these kids feel even worse than
they already do it makes them feel
different order and just love I then
said where I hope you resist any of that
anti LGBT sentiment that they have and
stop it from leaking into your
government and also push them with your
power on subjects like marriage equality
in Northern Ireland which is the last
part of the UK to allow it and she just
goes yes yes I understand
I agree I which I was surprised about
and then after that she went back to the
whole queer Britain thing and she goes
well I don't get much time to watch
television so I haven't had time to
watch your program and I said well it's
on iPlayer for a year so if you get
every seconds go and take a look
it's like a wheeler-dealer like selling
my show to the prime minister god have a
look at it you'll like it
and then shook her hand and she walked
on turned around the two guys behind me
had some wine they're like here we go
well done and yeah that was it really
um I'm happy I went very happy I went
I'm happy I got to speak to her face to
face and like I said I think her meeting
the people she met that day somewhat
humanizes the LGBT experience it makes
it into something that maybe her and her
aides can relate to so that when they go
in to make these big votes and big
decisions that they may speak with a
little bit more passion in their voice
they may vote a completely different way
because they can put a face and a story
to the issue that they're talking about
and voting up know she is not perfect
know her party is not perfect no I
probably will never vote for them boss
they have changed that is a fact that is
not take news if you will hate that term
for it Sam the audience's look at the
statistics they have changed and I think
a reception like that LGBT one helps
with that relationship because it is
relationship between the political
community and the LGBT community so I
then finished in Downing Street walked
out and feeling like a total for lab so
impulsively blaze I go who's that hmm
it's no one just me so mad day amazing
day if I got the chance to go again I
absolutely water and if you ever got the
chance to do something like that I would
encourage you to do it and a bigger
scale how I think of a situation like
that is world leaders right who may
absolutely hate each other's guts who do
not get on have still had to suck it up
sit face to face shake hands and talk
through issues to try and resolve
something and find a middle ground to
find justice to find the quality it
happens throughout the ages this is that
and a much smaller scale you know for me
because I am angel 3s or it's them it's
a similar dynamic of human to human
contact
imitation and understanding anyway
that's one of me talking and yammering
on about us thanks for watching thanks
for the support as always on everything
and I'll be back with another video in a
couple of days and make sure you follow
me online Instagram at Facebook Twitter
it's all a triode case and I'll check
you in a couple days
Big Love bye
