it's the chance oh shiet
look it's riad our melody and the same
place why I'm here in Ireland back in
the family home and to film a very
special video with my bestie now and so
thank you first of all to skittles who
we've teamed up with for this video and
for a give me a reason to come home how
do you how can life get a lot of press
so basically the guys are skittles it's
the pride seedless moment they have
donated the rainbow I have given it away
yes
after prize season because they now have
a colorless skittles but we are enjoying
right now it's like it's under tasty you
don't know what you don't know but we're
also going to be going to pride in
London together in the app it's your
first pride in London the first in
London and London is going to be so
patent on everything else yes so common
thing I tell you so today it's kind of a
public service video and it might come
across as like a little bit angry or
whatever but it's not this is just
informational the thing is that you
shouldn't say to a bi person or gay
person just in case you you maybe might
by accident offend them even our family
members and we will find ourselves kinda
like correcting them sometimes stepping
in so we're going to help you today with
this lovely list so in a fun way not an
angry way here are the things that you
shouldn't ask a gay guy or a by girl -
number one so who's the man or woman in
the relationship
this one really annoys me because I'm
gay and I'm gay because I like guys and
guess what I'm a guy too
which means that both of us are the man
in the relationship I think what you
want to ask is who's the more masculine
or feminine one in the relationship some
people would have no problem with that
question some people would find it
offensive it just depends on who you're
asking
he does need to ask that we don't need
to know it to be honest yeah when I get
asked that technically like I kind of
follow little bit into the stereotype in
that I am also a woman and I'd be a bit
more Maxim with it almost yeah Maura
and ran the show and open the door just
because I go from more family oh that's
only because of my type but at the same
time like that fluid like I'm sure that
would be different depending on who the
girl is
that's what I love personally about
being gay is that you're not sort of
like pigeon holed into a role you can
kind of just be in love with someone and
you don't have to yeah follow the social
real question to people ask me I might
buy because I'm greedy oh good one have
you ever asked anyone that goodbye no I
haven't because I honestly honestly be
honest that me of you has ever crossed
their mind when you seem to buy cars
neither you asked me if I asked that you
didn't ask me if I retarded I have
thought it you have about you about me
yeah but I never said it
I need me a man 'van I'm in this
conversation quite a lot makes me
because we're about two singles on em I
bet you know the greasiness and it has
crossed my mind even about myself I
thought okay that's what I think it's an
awful question to ask a person because
and by when you're buying it just means
that you have the capacity to find men
and women on whatever like attractive
right and I'm some by people open
whatever it is my cleavage
I got hmm sorry ah number three does
your partner not worry about your
cheating because you're by in my
experience not all because I dated
people who were very understanding of me
and they knew that if I'm with you I'm
with you I love you I care about you I'm
choosing you
I'll come sensible choice you know
straight people see all the time yeah so
it's not like just like if you're gonna
cheat you're gonna cheat it's not a case
of because there's more out there that
you're attracted to yeah that you're
gonna cheat if you're the kind of person
is likely to do that thing then you're
probably gonna do it before when do you
realize that you were gay alright mmm
this is what I a massive of desire and
on the surface level it's absolutely
fine and you know if I don't mind
answering it but what I normally say
back to people is when did you realize
you're astray
yes any like you know you were straight
straight straight straight and at this
age you were all of a sudden guy yeah
yeah doesn't know I for me I was gay
from birth I just realized that my
sexuality when I became sexually mature
yes and for me it was a little bit later
than everyone else because I think I
looked confused by what society was
telling me I was like I'm supposed to
find girls and beautiful I'm supposed to
be attracted to girls I never was so it
took me a bit longer question 5 is
specifically for Riyadh why do gay guys
have to be always so feminine okay
I've been cam up until this point I can
only become to a point
number one what is masculinity and
femininity in 2017 what is it
who knows it was just I was at a music
festival last week and I went out
wearing a crop top and I'm short short
Philip and you know I have my hair
really big and I think traditionally
that would be super feminine on a guy
and I think and bending those rules is
the most fun and interesting I think a
lot of people I have close to me have
said and why do gay guys act so feminine
and that is incredibly offensive because
this is not an act
this is me yeah and you know because my
wrists might be a bit limp and I might
have a tiny bit of a lisp or I might am
like the color pink whatever that
doesn't give you the opportunity or the
right to George who and what I have and
also I think it's the tone of the
question
if you ask someone why are you so
feminine and you're kind of luding to
the fact that you think being feminine
and male is a bad thing yeah yeah
exactly and it's not a bad thing it's
just a thing
number six can you please stop rubbing
your sexuality in our faces
no when this one is said to me I
literally think I quiver my eyebrow
Quivers just a little bit like how much
hetero sexual relationships how much of
that do we have to be force-fed our
whole lives and there's never a question
about at all I think the reason we love
to talk about our sexualities and our
dating licenses on the internet is
because we can now and is this because
it's robbery it helps so many people
like when you do it it isn't like
cathartic it's like you say something
and expect off this chain reaction of
other people expecting things about
themselves and you have this beautiful
kind of chain reaction so no we won't
stop I guess the whole point of price I
know visibility is the most important
thing in the agency huge community when
and people who might otherwise be bit
homophobic see gay people out in the
street or by people expressing their
love in a beautiful way it normalizes it
for them and the more normal and
different sexualities and gender
identities become the less hated they
are the less weird or different or scary
they are my dad before I came out always
taught that gay people were promiscuous
and a little bit you know keeps my arms
length and he would mind me saying that
because he said it to me and now that
I've come out and he realizes that
that's not the case and that you know we
are pretty much the same as everyone
else and as boring as everyone else he's
so open accepting and loving so the
answer to the question is no we will not
stop rubbing in your face because you
won't stop rubbing earth in our face and
you know what we don't want you to stop
rocking your baby
oh we can we love your sexuality we know
we know just love just you know get you
through question 7 rehab will you be my
new gay best friend
I need a gay best friend oh it happens
so much more when I was younger and has
parties like school-wise parties because
I think in the early 2000s you guys it
was fashionable to have a gay back
friend was an L it was like I think a
lot of movies I got em okay go tariffs
and the gay side brendensen
oh girl can we fill themselves around
him cuz he's not threatening yeah yeah
yeah not that kind of thing um my answer
to it at the time was yeah because it
was such a thrill to have an edge and a
straight person
and all of you and a bracelet think was
great but then I thought about the
meaning by that was like wow you know
these people who are asking me to be the
gay best friend are treating me like a
handbag like I'm a purchasable item
I'm an inanimate object you know I'm
just like this oh yeah yeah the answer
is I won't be your gay best friend but
if we get on very well I'll just be your
best friend or your friends yeah it's
not about being a product is by being a
person who you want to be around a lot
it even bothers me when people say to me
or you know your gay friend and a nice
welcome looks about and okay most of
other by likes our name is Rhea
I don't excel about Vicky they are I do
a snippet question haters oh you're gay
can we go shopping together
no touchy question mind oh I have this
gay or bi friend can I introduce you to
maybe you can go on a date that's my
homework I was wearing but they're
buying and you're buying you know it's
perfect we're must-win doesn't because
we're the same Z's no it's the same as
any other relationship or dating
situation yeah there has been more
compatibility there than the fact that
you just have to randomly happen to have
the same sexuality you know look into
other things what are your interests are
you a similar age or that doesn't matter
and finally number 10 but you have gay
marriage now isn't that enough
no no no no no no there are so many
things it's everyday homophobia that
goes there it's discrimination in the
workplace it's international LGBT rights
issues the fight is ongoing for quality
I think even by the time we're not here
anymore
the fight will still be continuing well
no gay marriages at the end of the
battle but it is definitely a big big
step and we are delighted that we have a
photo Ryu K and Ireland thank you so
much for watching this video I hope it
was enlightening and I hope we didn't
offend anyone I hope you realize but you
know this is just this bunch of stuff
that we're asked stay in there and they
are some of the better way to ask those
questions
or things like just a mask at all and
also I'm apologizing Yahoo chewing them
I have the video bro kisses come on
y'all know we thank you for sponsoring
this video Selma
thank you for donating your rainbow soup
ride we cannot wait to be part of pride
internationally specifically London
price will come and find us at the
skittles float at pride in London well
our banter will do selfies we'll enjoy
the fun hopefully big love thank you so
much for watching and make sure you go
check out Valley video we just filmed
it's over on her channel right now and
choose event coming up what happens
after you commit sati later bye
