we ve are sponsoring this and you want
me to go in there and interview
celebrities of the 2018 attitude Awards
in the lead-up to the buy life on 25th
October at 9 p.m.
okay I could do it I take your challenge
we're gonna find out how people I date
these days let's go
why we're okay before we say anything
can we please just get a head-to-toe Wow
okay congratulations on the byline why
is a show like the buyer life so
important and so timely right now
bisexual people make up a largest
percentage of lgbtq+ community but
they're the least visible there are such
a huge percentage of our community that
they're really important to our
community I am surrounded in a sea of
delicious bisexuality the buy life
welcome to the attitude award
how does it feel to be making history
with the world's first ever all bisexual
dating show to find love it's a working
with Courtney act the stunning stunning
Courtney act anyone kind of thinks maybe
I'll go home with a host instead of
someone else do you remember your
favorite day ever that you've ever been
on maybe it was a period it was lady in
red is Dancing with me cheek to cheek I
would say one of my worst dates actually
was with your good friend Simon who took
me on a date with another girl and
talked to her all night
wait so with it was a three-way date I
think that was just the date fate if you
know Oh Simon but he what I think I
would have I
first day to go pasta kiss or do you
keep a kind of PG area it depends on
like who the dates with and how it's
going oh it's you a snob but definitely
leader you know depends on the chemistry
depends on the individual I'm happy to
on the first date depends are drunk I am
very well we've must get the champagne
ready but when you go on a date who pays
I don't really have like a hard and fast
rule like that
for you to you know you're obviously
megastars and mega-talented make a
beautiful mega everything if a guy or
girl wants to you know come over to you
and catch you up but they're too afraid
to what would you say we've been single
I think people get intimidated by this
yeah you know why they get intimidated
because think you're gonna pull the
Taylor Swift on demand write a song
about them and then drag you have a girl
gonna say you that it I heard you've
been kicked off date because the naughty
behavior you know they think I'm
impersonating me yes
they're like you've been kicked off for
a person a real it's real I convinced me
I have to be honest with you your music
was the music that I had on in the
background when I had my first proper
makeout session as a closeted gay teen
right there if ever I heard vice and how
they can find true authentic love are
you think this is your chance to put a
call out what's your type breathing okay
pause yeah and height
an8 so if you heard about this show
coming to e it's called the buy life ya
know I have heard about it's really
exciting unnecessary I have a bite
daughter so oh yeah I think that's
really exciting it's incredible it's
about time' thing having a sure like
that is gonna really normalize being
bisexual and sure people yeah that
celebrating Lane we're celebrating the
LGBT community and since the moment I
came out I realized how important it is
to use any platform to talk about our
reality and the things that we go
through that's it
I'm a broken man but I'm a happy man
thank you so much for having me I hope
you enjoyed it make sure you check out
the buy life on e 25th of October at 9
p.m. and make sure you put in the
comments below any of your dirty
disastrous dating stories subscribe as
well in the chattiness couple of days
