playa its Riyadh here welcome back to
the channel and happy summer we're in
June how does that happen I am sweating
so bad right now so and you mind to open
a window it's gonna get noisy in here oh
oh let the nips freeze oh yeah look
airplane now we might even joke that I
live in the noisiest part of London
you know I dare love I'll see guys come
on yeah he can't oh and the birds as
well yet to be an ambulance in a second
oh my god he is the unifor I did it
every time I film a video here a city
walks by so anyway since its Pride Month
I wanted to start this David video with
them a collaboration that I'm doing with
the lovely guys are glasses usa.com
because as you know I wear glasses quite
a bit for reading and they have improved
my life a lot since I got them I've got
mild astigmatism which a lot of you know
and the guys over a classic view of
datacom have designed these little
babies with rainbows on the sides so
I've got this pair these RN for reading
I also got the same frame put in
sunglass version but you see my new ring
line I'm talk about that in a minute I
think they just suits the shape of my
face these are a bit more bling they've
got gold on the slide and a bit like a
tortoise shell for the thing going on
around here love them and I'll turn this
down a bit so we get a little bit less
reflection I just wish before I spent a
small fortune on these guys that I find
glad to do as a back on because it would
have saved me a lot of cash they have
made 2,500 different frames available in
eyeglass and sunglass persons and they
do all of the biggest ones like oakley
ray-ban and armani
whatever you want to tell there but also
and because you're not going into the
stores buy the glasses if you're
wondering oh which one is going to suit
my face
you just upload at photographs straight
a photograph of your face onto the site
and then you can try on as many as you
want digitally to see if it fits the
shape of your face which is why I think
needs to
and this one because in my personal
opinion I think I look great indeed
don't you thank you
not only do these limited-edition pride
ones look amazing with the rainbow on
the side but also for every pair that's
sold through my channel and $5 is going
to go straight to a charity that's super
super close to my heartbeat
Albert Kennedy trust and they and our
charity that looks after young homeless
people here in the UK who found
themselves on the street because of
their sexuality and a gender identity
and I visited the output can be trust
for my documentary series queer Britain
I met the guys Marisol to work with my
own eyes that they do and it just
absolutely moves me so I decided that
five dollars from every pair it's going
to go straight to those guys because I
love them so much and they do amazing
amazing work getting people off the
street getting them back on their feet
will put them into safe accommodation
and just given them that restart and
their life's a lot of them need so if
you want to try these or any of the
other designs out on your face and just
head over to the link which I have there
in the description below and you can try
that virtual mirror and yeah let me know
if you get one let me know if you get a
couple and send me pictures of you in
your gorgeous rainbow glasses Cheers
my next favorite thing of the month has
got to be you and your reaction and your
love I ran my show queer Britain it has
been bloody overwhelming to say the very
least myself and the whole crew and all
of the people telling the stories of the
show we've been completely blown away we
knew that would be a big reaction well
we're talking thousands of emails and
thousands of tweets comments online the
main thing that I'm happy about is that
it started a conversation around these
issues and like it's a homelessness in
the community racism body shaming porn
the word queer itself and so thank you
thank you if you've watched even one of
the episodes and if you haven't please
take a look and I'll have the links to
all of the pre-written episodes that are
released so far down below and if you're
international don't worry if you around
the world wherever you are you can watch
it on YouTube and you never know you
might see more documentaries in the
future watch this
I am saying you never know because I
don't know next up you know there are
two beverages that I absolutely love and
that is white wine in particular New
Zealand Marlboro Slovenian Blanc before
ever you know on a date and you want to
treat me but the other one is Jim and I
usually go for Hendricks gym which is in
that kind of cute black bottle and you
have it with cucumber maybe a bit of
black pepper well and I was going
through the airport through Dublin back
to London a couple of weeks ago and I
thought I'm gonna try something new you
only live once and you want a bit of
variety in your life we have and I found
this one it's a gunpowder Irish gin drum
Shambo and I didn't read that bit John
Shambo so the ladies are giving that
little samples and little tasters and
completely on diluted by the baby so I
can answer the plane like hello very
peppery I'm not overly floral like an
Bombay which I'm not a massive fan of
it's dry it's crisp and because ironies
in there I just really really like it
and as you can tell the boys and I have
them and you know getting through it
so moving on you know me I absolutely
love London I think it's an amazing
place the people are great the boys are
hot the sun is shining everything's
lovely but the water here is and
what I mean by that is you've got hard
and soft water right alkaline and basic
no the alkaline is basic okay I said she
said you've got basic and acidic right
Jesus
nice a triage ha ha in Ireland Dublin
where I come from the water is very
acidic which means very soft which means
your hair comes out nice and soft and
supple and flowy
London's water is terrific you come out
with a head of straw it's all is
stiff it just looks nasty no matter how
great your hair is naturally London
water will queue up and then I came
across this little gem as I've been
doing research online and hosted and
sleek income this is proof that I
actually use it I've been doing research
online and how to make my alkaline water
more acidic so my hair look remember and
I found this it's a basically a normal
shower heads are screws onto
any shower and hose normally and what
you have is inside here little
characters so that was that was full
when I got it a couple of months ago and
I'm actually surprised it's not less
this substance in here to the
neutralizes the water and makes it less
part and but not just that up here in
that little ensuite the water pressure
isn't the best and and we could get a
pump in the head would like that cost a
lot of money and gotta go plumber in a
lot of that if you look at the
showerhead I know he thought by proof
how alkaline water is look at all the
lime scale and there are hundreds of
tiny tiny little holes so even with the
same water pressure that I had on my all
showerhead the pressure coming out of
this is so much stronger it feels like
you're under and tropical waterfalls I'm
being a bit dramatic but it will feel a
lot better
really really really recommend that so
the ongoing battle with the orchid has
continued and I've won I'm glad you're
you I'm sure you're happy so if we
didn't know I bought an orchid it died
of what another orchid aside I did a bit
of reading up online and my third orchid
is flourishing the flowers that I had
are not only alive but new ones are
growing look at her isn't she so healthy
I shouldn't be so happy about it flower
but hey I'm gay I am in love with you
and there's a new one comeback there on
top I'd look at every morning I go in
maybe you're growing how has it started
to grow so well well because I went into
a little shop and I bought this a little
sprayer that boy give her a little
mister so I just go from a distance like
that but once a day and I go to the week
who is calling me my dad so my fellow
orchid enthusiast what I've learnt is
Braden don't water them and plenty of
indirect sunlight not too hot not too
cold
just keep it somewhere in the middle a
couple of days out of the Sun if she
needs it just speak to her tell her how
much you love her tell I have pretty she
is or he smell discrimination here Dino
this could be a non-binary plan for all
I know I you know
it is just my beautiful beautiful baby
if I can keep this alive for six months
I will consider getting a puppy right
next thing is something I should have
had a long time ago as a youtuber but I
was just too lazy to buy one oh my god
I got a ring light lads I got a ring
light it's a fish I'm a youtuber okay so
other one already I think it just makes
everything look a bit nicer look at that
rule hey hey look what I can do it's
really warm cold white warm white cold
white warm white
do you like they're available everywhere
online this one is just one that I got B
announcers what I would say is get one
that does have a different changeable
color temperature from cold to warm and
Ana dimmable and switch as well like
this one otherwise you're just going to
be soaked with one color life and one
brightness of light and you need to have
that control left next up is an
experience that I will never ever forget
Lavinia you've probably seen it all over
my Instagram on my Twitter I was posting
loads about it for a few days I went
with my best friend party who I live
with and who knew that Slovenia was such
a beautiful place I saw Ireland was
pretty now this place is insane
it was just we're in the middle of the
out and blue lakes green forest loads of
Slovenian wine we were eating all sorts
of cheese even though I wasn't supposed
to consume dairy intolerance I did have
the shits
but that's okay I'm over it now and the
cheese was worthless the people we
didn't meet one person that didn't have
a smile on their face and didn't welcome
us with open arms and the reason we were
there was because the Slovenian tourist
board and and event called pink week EU
EU pink week and invited us along to
have a look at the country and just
experience it firsthand and I can't
recommend it enough if you want to check
out Slovenia for yourself head down into
the link below and it's a trip I'll
never ever forget and party being the
legend that he is he and gave me this as
a gift for bringing him this is me and
him at 4,500 feet in the air looking at
over the Alps and this big lake below us
and last but not least my base Frank and
Claire underwood house of cards these
and five is back now I'm only three
episodes in so if you spoil anything for
me in the comments I will personally
come after you
well being the ultimate heads of cards
fine but I am I bought this amazing
little coat online and what written on
is Franklin was tough inspirational
power quotes from the different seasons
I'll give you a blast of one or two
there are two kinds of pain the sort of
pain that makes you strong or useless
pain and sort of pain that's only
suffering I have no patience for useless
things there's no better way to
overpower a trickle of that than with a
flood of the naked truth for those of us
climbing to the top of the food chain
there can be no mercy there is but one
rule hunt or be hunted Oh Netflix you
absolute babe thank you for giving us
this piece of pure heaven once a year
and please God don't let it be the last
one anyway that kid links to everything
I've mentioned and then below and those
guys are glasses usa.com whether you
need some glasses or just prescription
glasses they have what you need
thank you to them for sponsoring this
video I'm thank you for the donations to
the Albert Kennedy trust and I'll chat
to you in a couple of days make sure you
follow me on Instagram Twitter Facebook
all that good stuff
and have a fantastic start of June great
and get some Sun Big Love
