Kyah I really welcome back to the
channel I know what you're thinking
naked man on the bed sitting up like
what is going on here well I'm here in
Barcelona with my friend Davey wavey and
while I'm here the guys that mancom had
given me access to a porn star that's
right this is what we use for you uh
what you want to use wait PA you watch
James you said hey we might see my last
or most confessions of a flight Thailand
well this time we're taking deep into
the world of adults performer hee hee so
a lot of what we're gonna talk about it
is pre you working with the guys that
men come isn't it okay yeah be really
happy with them at the moment from what
I can tell yes I've got some really
really prying probing questions are you
ready to answer them James firo Malaysia
what was your parents reaction hoping
that what your job was truthfully they
patted me on the back I said go on son
that's my son the weirdest thing a
director on the corn shoe has asked you
to do the weirdest thing for me when
they asked me to bend over because I'm
not used to hearing that but you know
it's a two part of the package lots of
tips of your pornstar that does pretty
much everything yeah you're not a gay
porn star you know the straight porn
star you just are I'm a planet style
you're a porn yeah yeah I know we know
your mind of being appointed though I
would have to say travel in the world
meeting new people the likes of yourself
sitting next to you you know what's the
nicest and weirdest thing a person has
said to you about your point I was at
Gay Pride and someone come up to me when
I was in a toilet first of all you asked
if he could touch it
it's business so you know you don't just
get out in a toilet if you've got morals
you know and you gotta pay for that but
it did whisper in my ear said you've
made my life so on the other end it was
you know that's great then I go ahead
and give him a little touch of it
cookies did you actually yeah I thought
boy you can have a little rubber but you
said that your charitable self James yes
I am
and then that the weirdest thing because
you're working uh you're 30 you're
disgusting
yeah just not very nice but if they know
about what you do they obviously are
looking for ye if that's what I think
that's what I for thought that's a sad
soul right so when sex is your job the
sex will come that's enjoyable when it's
not unfair and when it's at home no I
have sex for a living because I enjoy it
sticks and I'm good at it if anything
sex gets better you learn your body more
you learn no sex no and the more you
know yourself the better the sex will be
tell us something that we don't already
know about the industry what you watch
on film let's just say 40 minutes maybe
an hour of you're lucky it doesn't take
that long to make what we make you know
it's a good 10 hours of filming food a
day we give oh yeah well it could be
depending on how many people whether
it's a duo whether it's an orgy with
five seven eight people eight hardens
there's a lot of balls is a lot of dicks
to get up it's challenging at times how
do you keep it up with a good mind quiet
McGinnis every now and again yeah joke
and I all the times my favorite drink
and I used to give it to the old
pregnant women many many years ago puts
letting the pencil let me talk sometimes
I'm sorry you arrived on set and it's
just not your day you know when you're
not feeling horny how do you make
yourself horny I came ready to perform
it's quite easy really you know you you
got your performer there you're gonna
work with you just going up five minutes
and connect it feel a bit of flesh
bitter warmth if you need to get your
final now watch a bit of poem watch your
own porn or whatever gets you off you
know just have ten minutes on your own
relaxed easy
brave clear your mind and you should be
fine good advice thank you how often do
you watch your also and does that make
you feel
it's not often you see yourself in
someone on camera and you're like that's
me look at me if I be honest with you it
kind of does make me a bit home here oh
really
have you ever arrived to that I'm seeing
the person that they've put in front of
you that they want you to perform with
and gun now I can't do it yes what I did
thank you I had to go off for a little
while I just you know but talk to the
director sometimes you just gotta look
past the looking side up
you know look looking looking like them
looking inside them or getting inside
them I shut your eyes I shouldn't say
that sure that it doesn't happen often
I'm sure the that is honestly probably
only happen once in my palm career in
the early days when you were just
starting this did you ever stand in
front of the mirror and practice your
own face and practice your own OS I
think everybody stood in front of the
mirror and tried and practice a few
things you have to face do face that one
oh I'll recreate that now yeah there you
go
that's the conflicts do you think it's
harder for porn performance to break
into mainstream media after they've done
porn definitely yes you know because
there's barriers in life you know so I
kind of get used to it we all want to be
other than I may be movie stars but we
are in our own kind and you just got to
embrace what you are and turn it around
into what you can why do you think xxx
on that why can't you be a movie star
and a porn star because of all the
stigma and religion and all but the
world's changed and everyone needs to
have a good look around them and yeah
say there's someone watching right now
yeah they're avoiding Warren superstar
yeah what advice would you give to them
first of all you need to be professional
no attitude just be clean look after
yourself
turn up on time and just smile give love
and be naughty
give love and be naughty I really like
cold words or slang that's used in the
industry that we wouldn't know about
truthfully no
no there's no porn flying this my he
done nothing no hidden words slang to do
been boozing pays nothing nothing like
that I like it though I like the way you
said that what are the stereotypes and
false myths that exist around poor and I
want you to bust them right now first of
all not all porn stars our escorts there
are porn stars that are policemen
firemen pilot stick there's a lot of
professionals in porn as well the best
professional good loving people are in
porn
your biggest turn-on my biggest turn-on
I love my ears and my neck being the
abhorred kind of you know it just turn
off the dirty stuff I don't you mean by
that
yeah you know anymore yeah well James
thank you so much it was a pleasure
what are they great thank you I I think
you've opened their minds I don't know
thank you for giving us your time Thank
You Samantha come friend giving us
access to James keep your eye on my
channel for more videos from here in
Barcelona so we're watching them if
you've got any questions for James or
for me into the comments below I'll talk
to you in a couple of days big love
bye
