hello hello Tom still of reaction motion
the party every adhere living it up in
Missouri so the last couple of days have
been pretty mantle and we did the
premiere screening of queer Britain in
the YouTube space here in London and it
was absolutely amazing mad at myself
it's too much of a big event not to vlog
and not to bring you on that journey
with us
and so I didn't film enough footage so
it's good to like talk you through it
what I did film we had gone mad didn't
turn on he works in broadcast news can
he turn on the microphone no so this
premiere screening was about seven or
eight months in the making
we invited over my mom and dad they were
flying over from Dublin and couple of
friends flew over as well the media are
the made people in the documentary the
contributors the crew of the show the
day of the event I was working it at a
panic attack on the train and he's my
cognitive behavioural therapy training
to kind of talk myself down and it's
funny we make documentary no anxiety
completely flying but when it comes to
show in our baby after the world it's
like mmm I was on the phone to my mom
the night before and she goes we had we
found a way to take town on your ankles
and they're going to drank all those she
knew what I was very much this is a
result of mother's advice WTF what is
this oh my god mom they were nuclear
orange I was tengo de but look at the
matter they're a little bit better than
lightly well he won my mom and dad
arrived and we had the most amazing
little moments in my kitchen
okay parents are here on mother don't
what don't put the doing it and
the 117 killed in Columbia Canada
warriors and they heard you everywhere
here we're another look at what the
Drama Series oh my god a card jo Malone
dark amber and ginger lily the bottle
Hendrix you didn't have to do that on
stir so I'm glad to do it with you I'm
glad you did well every part to RIA
we're so happy I'm proud to be with you
tonight for your premiere on your first
documentary on BBC queer Britain we had
every faith that this day would come one
day you're an inspiration to all that
you know as you always say one day I'll
be a presenter on TV and have my own
chat show you're in it man
so enjoy the ride lots of love mom's
eyes and right oh I love you we did it
together
like I didn't actually expect him to be
that proud they were they were telling
everyone they were drinking on the plane
over basically me but older mom needs to
get our hair read blow-dried country
some did it run up okay so we have a
little celebration lunch before we got
ready and dolled up I did an interview
with The Daily Star which was fun and
then we added into the YouTube space I
came from
when we arrived I got the shock of my
life back they had 60 screens a wall of
riad just playing over and over it was
pretty bad with a lot of vanilla
sunshine then embroider sensors into our
little Studios in the basement of the
YouTube space and we am we're filming
these like little promo pieces for the
show and of course I was so jittery and
excited it took a few patience we're
written BBC three it's available now and
the BBC iPlayer oh so close
we then made our way into the screening
room to have a little look around I did
not expect it to be that like profesh oh
my god it's huge look at this what all
right
oh the Q&A will be in here with it so
the audience start to arrive are you
forgot to see all the familiar faces my
mates and the cruise people I love
really lights have the support hey go
Wow the ladder the engine the smaller
penis ha Oh a380
however they create genin and Internet
no it's weird addresses anyway boring
yeah I love that song yeah yeah cool
story bro
so this is Clapham Common by the way
this is our little town cute isn't it I
love it here this is where we come the
old city for the weekend but we were
only saying today we should get we need
to the dog
because a dog is a big magnet it is yes
and we have one let me get goldfish we
need to get something goldfish our basic
you can't have goldfish in the head it's
not happening if we're getting them that
I want to get jellyfish okay back to
screening talk another little tiny buddy
and it was finally time we all filed
into the room and the controller the
head of BBC three Damien lovely guy
began to talk and and to congratulate
the entire crew and then and sort of
thing from you nice things about me and
I'm there sitting in the chair gone it's
a thrill life congratulations to Lizzie
and her team I think they've done an
incredible job on this day I've seen
massively we paid for all the
contributors in this film there's
incredibly intimate and brave stories
across the six episodes here and I know
some of you are here tonight so I just
want to say a really heartfelt thanks
Ross for you guys sharing your stories
in the film
nice moment Riyadh I just honestly this
is such an exciting new talent you've
done an amazing job on these films and
you've told really really important
stories so a massive thank you thank you
it was a really humbling wow pinch
myself moment they have something like
that said mmm it began and they won't
let me show any clips of it I'm really
sorry I have to turn my camera off or
like Damien said May 7th the entire
series goes live and it'll be both on
YouTube and on the BBC iPlayer so no
matter where you are in the world you'll
be able to see it maybe not in North
Korea but he quicker book there what I
will say someone who works in media
Riyadh is an amazing presenter sure
edible and not available and is made to
do this
well it's only made easy because the
contributor stories and the way they
told them were just so heartfelt and
just real real and raw that's what I'd
say she Elijah Elijah and Josh and Josh
you'll know who they are very soon mom
and dad send their love they flew back
yesterday and yeah ok that's it
goodbye big love fire trucks you later
bye bye bye bye sunshine
