oh oh oh shit we've just been added to
restricted now hiya
i'm riyadh what's going on did you have
a good Easter break I hope you did I
certainly did it was plenty this
involvement I feel exposed today more
exposed than I ever have seen before
because normally when I do video I'm not
going to lie I'll be honest with you
have a little bit of concealer on here
there on my trouble areas but today this
is Riyadh completely unfiltered on
additives and on make to makeup and
reason why are there for back in the
bare face is because of a kid and even
in my teenage years I was pretty fine my
skin was okay never had acne
I had the odd spot or pimple here or
there cut to today 26 years old bang
we're going to gift you with some shit
skin Riyadh there you go do with that
what you will well done congratulations
dude it is something that you don't
expect it is something that you do not
want and it gets in the way of your
dating life your work life your
confidence so get your notepad get your
wine this are you serious I can't be
angry at an ambulance can i no no you I
wish you all the best
so get your wine get your notepad this
video is going to be information heavy
but I hope enjoyable and I hope you
really get something from it
I'm going to go through all the things
that you can do to help or improve adult
acne or even acne at any age from the
inside and from the outside we're
talking hormones food skincare routines
basic hygiene all of this and just a
disclaimer I am no doctor I know
skincare experts I'm just someone who
happens to have skin you might be
looking at me gon react your skin is
fine I've got much worse skin than you
well if you do I'm great but I know
myself my skin has changed over time and
it's not a change that I'm very happy
with what is something that I'm managing
for my skin right now this is this is
what it is you probably see a little
outbreak area here there's one there if
you want the side here blackheads on my
nose and stuff like that it really
really gets to be done when am I
I have a flair of that I like to call it
and it can happen once every two weeks
it can happen every couple of days you
can't climb it but what you can do is
you can improve your chances of limiting
how bad that's lower but gonna be so
just to give you a comparison on how I
improve my skin and hair changes over
time I took these pictures two nights
ago and at the end of a flare-up and
things were still kind of raw and red
more so on this side than this side and
through my normal skincare routine over
the last two days it's calm down and
it's looking and feeling a lot better
than it was so the first thing I'm
talking about is probably the most
obvious one which is your cleansing
routine the most acne breakouts and
flare-ups happen because of an
overproduction of a substance called
sebum and sebum is in the hair follicles
in your face all over even the tiny ones
in order to help those hairs grow out to
lubricate them as they grow to stop them
getting blocked or tangled up now when
you've got too much sebum the poor or
the hair follicle gets filled up with
this substance it can get infected and
you get blackheads you get white heads
and then what happens after that
your lovely immune system recognizes
that there's an infection in the area or
something going wrong and that's how you
get the redness the swelling and all of
that nasty shit
to research and meeting dermatologists I
found that the best thing for my
overproduction of sebum and oil is an
active ingredient called salicylic acid
which you probably have heard of it's in
low to local products but the problem is
most of the products that are marketed
to us have such a low shitty
concentration of sebum that it's not
going to do anything for you and so then
I found this one it's zero medical I've
actually mentioned them in the video
before and they don't resent Obagi this
top skincare doctor in the US and and
this product right here has a crazy
crazy high concentration of salicylic
acid as its medical grade I only use it
once or twice a week a tiny little
pea-sized amount and that's all it means
and the great thing about this is that
you really really see the oil in your
skin pull back you're less shiny you're
less glossy and you're simply getting
less fat and less blackheads so if
you're looking to try this one out the
full name is oiler cleanse
cleanser for normal to oily skin and
it's zero medical buys antibodies the
other four or five days in the week I
simply just use fresh sort of lukewarm
water on my face no chemicals at all and
I used to wash my face every day with
the neck folium and it actually
aggravates the face the worst thing you
can do for acne or breaker is to overly
clean it by exfoliating too hard so by 2
times a week I put a drop or two of this
unto my ultimate skin spa system which
I've talked about before it's from
vanity planet and I have been using this
for almost two years
although these guys are sponsoring the
video I don't talk about anything on
this channel especially when it comes to
skincare unless I've tried it myself and
I know it will help you because I
wouldn't be able to sleep at night if I
was telling you about something that was
going to make your skin at work this
makes your skin better I promise
and the last time I talked about this
there were a couple of comments on the
video that said here if you put this on
your face and use it for cleansing
surely that's going to be overly
exfoliating your face and too aggressive
smelt the opposite sometimes using your
fingers in a fashion like this with the
products you know those ones with all
the balls in them the plastic balls that
is aggressive this right here has
unbelievably soft and gentle silicone
bristles look it's an opportunity if I
do that see how easily they move look
about it flicks up so why this is good
if you get even deep and effective
exfoliation but in a very gentle way
you're barely even touching your face as
you're gliding it over the surface in
circular motions barely barely touching
and you're getting an absolutely even
exfoliation
you're not scraping the skin you know
aggravating the flare off you're not
causing it to get worse and if you do
have an area where it's very very raw
very readily but maybe even open wounds
don't go near it with anything but fresh
water so in this box you've got this one
with the gray in our area that is the
super super gentle soft one you've got a
slightly more coarse one and then you've
got this sort of rubber one that I don't
really know what before I never use it
I never have a purpose for it but you
know I think you can heed the for
exfoliation it's water-resistant so you
can use it in the shower as well so
totally recommend this you know the next
day just feel your skin is smooth and
soft and all of the gunk and crap from
the outer layers has been pulled out by
it in a gentle way so if you are
interested in trying it out then great
if you're not also great it took to you
well of course I am NOT going to put
anything on this channel that getting
new the best deal possible because you
are my base and so this was one hundred
and twenty nine dollars and we've gotten
it down by seventy percent thirty nine
ninety nine which is unbelievable in
dollars it ships I think within about
two or three weeks so you can have it
pretty soon if you want it as the
discount code that you need to use is RK
and the link is a very specific link is
down in the description and below so go
check that out if you want and please
please please like before I want your
honest reviews on it on Twitter
Instagram Facebook here in the comment
and I can retweet you and stuff I want
to know exactly what you think about it
and the effect it had on your Q I find
the best way to get over the marks and
the redness is to help your skin heal
itself as fast as physically possible
and that is through vitamin A if your
skin absolutely loves both vitamin A and
vitamin C but in very very high
concentrations like the salicylic acid
you have to hit it with enough of the
active ingredient for it to do anything
and for that it's another zero medical
products that I've been using for just
under a year and it's Retta max activity
Monnet micro and watch at mouthful so
active vitamin A or the other name for
it is retinol it speeds up cell renewal
on the surface of the face when you hit
your mid-twenties you stop producing
collagen and elastin and this keeps
collagen and elastin growing but also
that cell renewal going which means that
your skin is resurfacing itself much
faster probably double as fast as it was
without this the long-term benefit of it
is is that you're going to keep sort of
a nice plump fresh and tighter face for
longer and again so many of those
products you see advertised on TV claim
to have retinol and vitamin A
yes but in such a teeny tiny amount not
going to do anything this is what I like
to call skin food this is food for your
skin don't go on by this and don't go on
use this today talking to professional
first though because for the first
couple of weeks as your skin is getting
used to all of this retinol and vitamin
A you can have a little bit of like
peeling and a little bit like itchiness
and redness that's normal that goes
after two weeks after your skin gets
used to this new amazing goodness but
it's been given right next up food what
you put into your body is going to show
on your skin more than anywhere else and
that is very true for one type of food
in particular for me anyway and that is
dairy my face hates dairies my belly and
my mouth loves it though and that's
where we have a problem milk and cheese
and even milk chocolate has been shown
to have different hormones in it that
can lead to these outbreaks and if
you're intolerant to dairy like me and
you get like a bloated stomach and stuff
like that that is your body telling you
that it is not good for you and it
doesn't want it the only way you can
know specifically what it is in your
diet that your body doesn't like is by
going for a blood test there are many
many intolerance test sites there where
they take a small amount of blood
they send it away to a lab and you get a
full list sometimes also I think 150
foods and they tell you if you're highly
intolerant muddly intolerant or the food
is safe to eat for you there are other
ways to find out what you're intolerant
to simply one by one cooked the main
food groups out and that could be gluten
wheat dairy and after a week or two of
not having it in your system think to
yourself do I feel better does my skin
look better is it less oily if there are
the less breakouts are there more
breakouts that's pretty much your body
giving you the answer for free some
foods that are great for your skin we've
heard 100,000 times are the worms with
antioxidants they take out free radicals
for everybody what are free radicals
it's basically toxins and bad things in
your blood and in your gut that you
don't need they capture them and they
help you dispel them from your body so
green tea matcha tea
they are absolutely fabulous drinking
loads of water staying hydrated that is
fantastic for you look for foods that
are anti-inflammatory they will help
take down the redness and of course the
inflammation which is an official sort
of high concentrations of epa and DHA if
you're wondering what they are and I'll
put a link down below to a favorites
video where I talked about my favorite
vigil but I take every day and try
alternatives to your favorite foods if
you love milk chocolate slip it and sort
of wean yourself onto dark
high-concentration chocolate 70 75 80
percent cacao Coco's coconut you know
what I mean try it out next up is
general hygiene and care do not keep one
of these on your bed for any longer than
two weeks I'm talking about the out of
it the pillow cover you don't want the
natural oils from your face your hair
product or maybe even your makeup from
your crazy night eyes to be baked in to
that pillowcase and then baked back into
your face the next night it's full of
bacteria and full of grease and grime at
the very least I have a new pillowcase
once a week and what I do is halfway
through the week I flip it up sleep on
that side for maybe three nights and
then I'll sleep on last night maybe
three nights but after that before you
get into bed take off anything on your
face that may make the pillowcase dirty
don't sleep with your makeup on you know
that's pretty obvious one another thing
that drives me crazy when I see my
friends do it they complain about their
skin being awful and then I see them
pitching their nose or or doing this I'm
even feeling bad doing it now because
I've trained myself not to the worst
thing you can do to your face is to
touch it over and over throughout the
day you might think your hands are super
super thin but there is nowhere that
comes in contact with the outside world
more than your fingertips think about
the hundreds of dirty places that you've
touched yourself I mean out there in the
world slowly but surely train yourself
not to touch your face and if I have an
itch or something I know this looks
ridiculous I use the back of my hand and
I go like that or just you know
somewhere that I know hasn't been in
contact with any dirty things find
alternative creative ways to touch your
face if you must touch your face and
finally stress you might not think it
has anything to do your skin but for me
and many of my friends it is the worst
thing for the health of my skin when
you're stressed your body starts to do
all sort of crazy things
like releasing cortisol and even
adrenaline into your bloodstream but
then also hormones like androgens and
like I said before hormones like
androgens or an overproduction of
testosterone can make your skin go not
when you're feeling stressed do whatever
you can to think mindfully which means
being in the moment
breathing recognizing that there's a
stressful situation and talking yourself
there go to counselling talk to family
members talk to a friend do that sports
that helps you relieve that stress do
whatever you can to take yourself out of
the heightened state and I promise you
if you do that your skin will thank you
I hope you got something from that and
like I said at the start of the video
I'm not a doctor I'm not a dermatologist
but if you are suffering from mild
medium or severe skin care issues go and
talk to an expert seek help
even just to put your mind at ease
because they know what they're talking
about and together you can make a plan
of action to make your skin better and
it might not happen overnight it
probably won't happen overnight because
you know what your skin is like both at
least you're moving in the right
direction and going to list the products
so they spoke about down below the full
names of them and of course the ultimate
skin spa system and the link at the
discount code down below as well thank
you so much for watching I'll check in a
couple of days big love see lettuce
