behavior oh oh yeah I'm Rihanna welcome
back to my channel look who it is
again they're lovely Melanie Murphy
right so Melanie and I both have dads
who are incredibly funny but they're
very very easy to make angry
Irish dancer just grumpy scheitz okay
like how could we really annoy our dads
how could we rile them up growing up in
Ireland bills are a big deal I'm going
to call Melanie's dad I'm pretending I'm
sorry dad I know you're Paul I'm coming
for you
and I got to pretend to be from his
internet service provider and
unfortunately for some reason there's
been an overuse of data there's nothing
scary my dad more than this call you
realize that you're gonna hurt a man a
big whopper bail that's come out of no
way we're both gonna go a little bit
more Irish than we already are
yeah and maybe change the tone and pitch
a bit yeah and then I'm gonna call me at
that and I just love his dad so much so
this is gonna be painful for me but you
know I love you me know you know I think
my dad will tell you to fuck off
so I'm gonna go hello hello hello hello
there hello there
hello is that Paula Murphy please hello
there my name is Damien I'm Colin from
meteor broadband how are you doing today
I'm just calling about your a your
internet service at her home
mr. Murphy and the bills that you've
been getting for the last three months
there there's been an over usage of data
and that hasn't been factored into the
bills for the last three months so I'm
just calling with the amount that's no
jus for the next bill coming in April
and just to let you know and to figure
out how you'd like to do for me the bill
is there and it does need to be paid I
mean we can and break it up over time
for you mr. Murphy which doesn't have to
be paid up and it the final tally but
before I get monthly and usage is five
thousand two hundred and forty eight
twenty two cent yeah five thousand euro
yes no it's it's the data has been
overused and that's that's what it's
come to now I don't know what what it
might be maybe you left something
downloading overnight and the internet
usage went above but that's that's
actually what it's come to you now if
you would you like to pay that today mr.
Murphy or would you like to pay it in
installments well you have to pay it mr.
Murray well it will say well I did this
is this is your warning mr. Murphy this
is actually the call to let you know now
a what I can I can break down the the
internet usage on our site and it does
say that a lot of it is coming from
explicit sites is there someone in the
house that might be using that more than
say
but maybe maybe our daughter has a bit
of a fetish for that kind of thing
that's the movie I love you you're a
legend thank you so much for hello I'm
not gonna follow mr. hook is this Hasan
Khalif I'm calling on behalf of eMobile
today mr. and so I'm having a look at
your outstanding bill and there's
something that you haven't been alerted
to in your bill recently there's a grand
there's over eight grand a grand
outstanding come over to your garage our
mister we can't take it no this is a
very serious matter this is a very
serious matter it's a grand opening yeah
I do you live let me just have a quick
look here I have a couple of cars here
under go is it not oh yeah that's the
one what's your age sir
oh yeah is it in yes 50 i I don't
understand my supervisor
well I'm in charge here mister I said
you laughing cuz I'm a woman are you
laughing cuz I'm a woman right now I put
you on to my supervisor now do you want
to talk to him Dee yet right I'll put
you on to him now hello is that mr.
Colley's I believe you were speaking to
Joan I'm just calling about an
outstanding bill on on the phone it's
it's come to 8233 euro for over usage of
data and minutes outside of ireland
roaming minutes it has to be paid by
card mr. Colley's well we we actually
have a card and a bank account on system
attached to you so if needs be we can
just take the money from your account if
it's not paid would that be better for
you we don't take checks anymore mr.
khalifa 2017 we're going to take the
money from your account today we just
got to alert you that the first
installment of the 8,000 which would be
2500 euro will be taken today or early
tomorrow morning you are Hassan Khalifa
I have the recording here of you
speaking to Joan and confirming that
that was your address sir okay well we
may need to get the Guardian volved on
this I'm getting calls from some random
guy about you and a bail or something
it's Melanie that was me you don't owe
us anything
I put my hand over my mouth and I spoke
really posh you are gonna die when you
see this video it's for video of you I
love you too Oh Cheers Paul cheers sound
guy legends thank you so much for
watching I hope you found that as funny
as we did we know having a hot flush
alright oh my god if you have any ideas
of pranks that we can do in the future
whether it be on our parents or other
people please please put them down below
cuz I actually loved it make sure you go
over to Melanie's channel subscribe and
check it out we did a video over there
about being dumped some heads get over
it and our own personal stories of
heartbreak thank you so much for
watching I'll chat to you in a few days
one thing big love bye
