hi i'm riyadh the and a good day welcome
back to my channel you're in for the
ride of your life I may be hiding myself
up a bit there
sorry I just added another vacation on
my facebook I have to oh God addicted to
social media first things first I
apologize for the time Orkut it has been
on its way add to the past like five
weeks if you look at the last few videos
I thought it's progressively gotten more
and more disease it's still green though
a so did a Q&A today some really really
intrusive questions in there my favorite
kind you know me nothing too secret so
before I get into your questions big
shout out to Purdue who are sponsoring
this video tanki less and also thank you
for the three day hangover you gave me
after your office party now you guys
know when I first moved to London about
a year ago I was incredibly lonely and
feeling really down because he has a big
city is right here in London book people
can be kind of cold and I mean the other
day I went up to a woman on the street
and after where the train station was
and she flipped she literally flinch to
it if you speak to someone on the street
they think you're trying to mock them
that's just the way it is here so you
know to say it's hard to make friends
the traditional way here in London is
the kind of an understatement
what I really could have done with an
app like this back then and Purdue
because they have the people nearby
function and I've been trying it out for
a few weeks and it's absolutely
brilliant so basically just shows you
literally people that are nearby you
even if you want to do something as
mundane and boring as go to the sitter
up with somebody you just go on this and
you're fine form in two minutes
and the other day I went for a walk and
I said the ducks in Clapham Common with
someone that I've never met before which
is really really nice and if you're like
me and you travel a lot alone what you
can do is say for me I'm going to
Barcelona and three weeks with Davey
wavey probably know the youtuber so you
can click this on the top and type in
Barcelona and it will show you people in
that region you can become friends with
or you travel to the place meaning that
when you get there you've got ready-made
friends ready to hang out and party and
or go for real or do whatever so anyway
it's a bit of fun and as I always say I
know
forever promote Edison or talk about
ensign on the channel as I've tried it
myself and made sure that as I can see
digit its forms and I think it's 40 here
in events video I think it's good I
right into the Q&A why did you decide to
create a YouTube channel
very simple have a sixteen seventeen
incredibly huge attention seeker to
Balaam and you know at that age you
can't really get a job on television or
the radio at full time so I decided that
years old I'm going to make my own
television / radio station set up the
YouTube channel and started broadcasting
myself and got a great bull bed of it I
lost I still love it as you can tell
also I was sick and tired of pitching
ideas that I had in my head to producers
and having them say yeah no not really
feeling it
and I like what well if you don't want
to make it I'm gonna make it myself I
made it and then it went viral
oh shit what was your worst public
experience by the way you're amazing I
was kissing the guy on at Waterloo
Bridge here in London it was quite late
at night it was 11 maybe midnight and
we're just standing there and a group of
teenagers came off at six or seven guys
and which are gone or fuku burger or
fuck burgle yeah all that supposed to
mate that's was Kirsten so and I pushed
the guy asked me that I was kissing
anything no no wait wait wait wait wait
wait I said here you hate you come in to
the main guy he was calling us names
because what mate what what I said come
over here I want to talk to you now he's
already embarrassed that he's been
spoken to you by the fags and I just
looked into his eyes and I said do you
know that the words you are using could
lead someone to suicide do you know that
the words you're using are incredibly
offensive and can damage someone for
life did you know that and he was like
and well well I'm sorry I didn't mean it
that way as you'll see now as I saw you
there and as I get fine just consider
yourself lucky that I'm strong enough to
not be affected by what you're saying
but one day you will say it to someone
and it will affect them in a way
that you cannot reverse so please think
before you say something like that and
then he said sorry and he walked back to
the guys and they walked away and I
think that was in my head a very very
difficult unpleasant moment but somehow
we managed to slip into something
positive and a hope hope the little
fecker learned something from it and
wanted again also do you support a
football team and if you do who what's
the weirdest thing you've done in the
past week well I was up and a traffic
light waiting across the road and I was
just like trying to pass time with my
friends and what I didn't realize event
I said what did you do - look at her
titty did you take fries turn the
Rabbids that you are literally a walking
Irish stereotype you are a leprechaun
and then I heard it back and I realized
I do it multiple times a day when I'm
just filling time ago
so did you if you ever met Donald Trump
what would you say to him you are
physically repulsive but intellectually
retarded you're morally reprehensible
vulgar insensitive selfish stupid you
have no taste allows you sense of humor
and you smell yes essentially what I'd
say - where's your favorite place in
London my bed do a lot of sleep in there
loud and nasan and on a dreaming oh yeah
British or Irish boys oh that's a hard
one personality and fun Irish boys every
time I'm sorry for appearance looks and
how they look after themselves
it's got to be British boys I've
insulted both I'm single for life what
is your ultimate goal in life well
number one to be happy make my parents
proud but professionally I would love
love love my own talk show
I'd love a show like Graham Norton's or
James Corden's
something like that Jimmy Fallon I think
I think I could do it I have hope watch
the space would you someday like to have
kids yeah thank you
I don't know I'm too selfish I'm too
selfish I hate when I can't do something
or I can go somewhere I can buy
something I know kids will hold me back
from doing all that selfish stuff that I
wanted to do and I think I'm going to
start with a dog I got to make sure that
I can keep an orchid alive first and
then I'll move on to keep human beings
eventually what's one thing you would
say to haters thank you for watching my
video thank you for your comments of
hate you're paying my rent you're paying
my bills keep doing it when it's queer
Britain being released so if you don't
know queer Britain is my BBC series and
it is in April I don't know an exact
date yet I should know in the next week
or two and it's going to be available
internationally so you can all enjoy it
I cannot wait for you to see it I've
seen best 17 people thing it is how can
you give any advice on how to gain
self-confidence love you love you too
Janet I could do a full video on that
and I probably will but I think the one
main thing that I would say is once you
stop caring what other people think
naturally your self-confidence goes
through the roof so if confidence is
killed and dragged down and dampened by
the toss and someone else thinks you're
being silly stupid or doing something
that they don't like well if you stop
caring and vent out opinions and remove
it from your mind and from your life
well then you're free to be whoever you
want to be so just block the night and
put the blinkers on blocks ms and just
move forward and look at your own life
and your own happiness and your own form
and then you define gives this
proverbial middle finger to everyone
else who thinks that you're weird or
silly how did you react when you found
out you were doing a documentary for BBC
and a Christ my phone literally rang I
picked it up and it was a Mesa my lovely
agent and she said am
yes and I knew what it was about I
thought she was about to say that they
didn't give it to go ahead and she said
they've commissioned you for six
episodes and they want to start filming
right away and I just dropped to the
floor of every no are you kidding really
and I start crying and then I called my
parents they away and we had a
celebration and I opened a bottle of
champagne best position me that's what I
would say is the best position thanks
for the questions lad if you want you to
follow me on Instagram Twitter and all
that it's also pre educate very very
simple and I'll talk to you in a couple
days
love you bye
