hiya it's me what do you mean comments
today folks it's happening it's been too
long my ego is through the fucking roof
I need to be dragged down a few notches
alright mean comments here we go
why the fuck was this and I recommended
that fucker my dear in the air he sounds
gay yes
cancer please fucking gay asshole I hope
you die you little fucking useless bag
it's the passion why are gay men so
vagina folk it can't be worse there's no
way it's an actual word one who is
afraid of getting pussy girl why did he
run away when he saw me boy I don't know
I think he's a vagina phobe has anyone
else wanted if they're just acting day
fuck you got me actually have a beer
over here
I do love asset hits and yeah I I
actually have a day job where I'm a
builder fucking hey I'm Bruno I'm Bruno
haha fuck you Loki he know he likes some
vagina I'm on the weird side of YouTube
again yes yes you are
you're very welcome alone gee
I think they are not educated really
three words what the fuck
can we see your dick summer you mean
when is it you ready
you like that yeah well you know I got
it I gotta give you what you asked for
fruit merchant oh my god that is the
best info I have ever been given to a
homo fake trying to catch some cheap
views you sound Irish and gay observant
your voice is so strange
are you gay no offense just curious are
you gay are you gay
is he gay you're gay is he gay is he gay
are you gay is he gay he's gay right
faggot take it pussy faggot mother
fucking gay-ass
faggots clickbait faggotry so I guess
it's like a baguette but a gay one I
hate you Devraj
so gay god I can't stand you your apples
queer your dad hates you I beg to differ
because I love you oh I'm free
clickbait cunt that is my favorite one
Oh click my cousin pride I bet the last
female he kissed was his mother life
must be pretty boring to sit around for
hours and do this get a job or those
YouTube's are terms of work these days
will I pray for you in your jawline I
presume me working insurance or
something nothing wrong with working in
insurance normally wake up every morning
at 7:00 a.m. wishing that you have a
life forcing yourself to eat a cardboard
breakfast turning to kissed your lover
do you fuckin hate then running for a
train you're sweating you're sitting
there listening to your shit Spotify
playlist you walk past your boss you
can't stand he tells you have you
reached that target yet you say yes yes
but right at the end of the day I will
you turn to your computer your eyes are
stinging from the bright neon light home
time comes you back on the bus or train
wishing that the person beside you would
take their armpit out of your face
walking to your house your wife says
well you're fucking late aren't you
leave me alone give me some space the
weekend comes you get drunk drunk drunk
er Sunday comes around you're hungover
you can't do anything you're depressed
and then you're back to the same routine
Monday morning I love my job I really
you know what I really do I love my job
uh-huh he looks like hard work no wonder
he was some brain of a rocking horse
Jesus Christ if you were my son I call
Isis to come and get you you disgusting
animal like one day her son will have a
it's weird fucking another man of the
asshole fucking degenerate why do you
talk like total pussies at least talk
Dhamma am I the only one who felt
awkward watching this no mate this is it
who this video should be called how to
make a fool of yourself thinking you're
funny cause you're gay what a fucking
waste of time fuck it fuck off mate no
one asks you to click on this video
that was so much fun
oh yeah okay bye
