fuckin glasses uh-huh much better I
loves its Riyadh here happy Christmas
Happy Hanukkah happy holidays happy what
I've heard the fuck you call us because
at the end of the day does it matter no
it doesn't a couple of months ago I did
my first ever favorites video and I was
not expecting it to get that kind of
reaction you guys absolutely loved it so
I thought you know what perfect time of
the year to do another one I've got
loads of shit that I bought recently
after this brand new pad of mine and I
want to show you what that stuff is and
what you would have picked up from that
title is that it's not just a favorites
video I'm revealing something very
exciting this is gay Times Magazine
three weeks ago I did a naked photo
shoot for this magazine to promote body
positivity and body love and self-love
so there are three naked images of me in
this magazine that I'm gonna be showing
you in a little bit so hang on for that
I am so nervous my first favorite thing
though is for your help
and it's called Lionheart by Berra
biology what is it though it is a fish
oil so I used to take fish oil when I
was a kid my mom used to force me to
have the cod liver oil every morning it
was disgusting was horrible and kind of
since then like I stopped because I
didn't like it and I didn't really know
what the benefits were and then I was
working for a very well-known media
organization and I had to interview a
woman called Melanie Larson who is the
owner and founder of Fair biology she
just started the company by herself and
the reason I love her is because she is
the opposite of a liar I hate when
people try and sell me something and
take my money and they lied to me I
learned all about her story and what
exactly sets this fish oil apart from
all the rest now I'm not working with
Melanie chefs and sponsored this at all
I just absolutely in love with this
product because it's so truthful and it
actually works and are you ready for a
science breakdown because I'm about to
give it to you first things first why
are people so crazy about fish oil well
it's down to one specific ingredient and
that is omega-3 we've all heard of it
but why is it beneficial why do we need
it
omega-3 comes in two separate forms it's
EPA and DHA they are fatty acids that
essentially make up the brain the brain
is mainly made up of fat so taking high
levels of omega-3 can help with
depression and
xiety it helps with the finances so a
communication between the left and the
right side of the brain there are 14
pairs and clinical trials being done on
omega-3 and fish oils and its benefits
on the found that it's anti-inflammatory
so for me I've got you know IBS right
it's suffered from bloating and I my
lactose intolerance this has helped my
stomach just relax and come back which
is amazing I've got more energy my skin
is brighter and more like soft and
supple but why am I so in love with this
one until I take this one over all of
the hundreds of others that exist well
this you get from one serving 3,000
milligrams 3,000 milligrams of EPA and
DHA now that's in comparison to one of
the biggest and most well known fish oil
brands do you know how much epa and DHA
they give you 300 milligrams this is
literally ten times the strength so I
instantly got pretty angry at the other
companies for basically selling me
something that can't do anything because
there's not enough of the active special
ingredients in it
also most visuals are made from salmon
and tuna which have a lot of mercury in
the middle for toxins this is made from
mackerel anchovies and something else a
smaller fish they don't eat other fish
they've got shorter lifespan which means
that it's clean and you're not getting
any toxins into your body I like it in
liquid form so each morning I just take
a little teaspoon full like that and
because it's so refined and fresh
there's no like nasty flavor it just
actually tastes a bit lemony it's
citrusy and then you're sort for the day
you can't get it in every shop though I
think I'm Whole Foods and some of the
other and health food suppliers at have
bear biology and I have some of the
details down below for that I have this
new house this new room but it's all
very empty and bare and dead so I
decided why not spruce it up with a bit
of life okay doesn't look alive now but
there's an aloe vera plant about to grow
from this little buck thing oh shit
Oh No
shit
if I room that I'm gonna cry oh god if
the seed came out Oh anyway if it grows
I'll update you oh what a nightmare I
think actually what does that mean
is it phallic I don't know about three
months ago I mentioned this bad boy you
might remember it's the dazzle pro
electric toothbrush and I said for
anyone who went and got it to send me
your tweets or instagrams your reviews
you guys absolutely loved it I'm so
happy you do and I'm so happy that and
you've got healthy white teeth now my
mom and dad also have this as well I
can't tell you how much I am in love
with this they are sponsoring this video
but as I do with everything I talk about
I won't talk about it at a video and as
I've tried it and I've been a guinea pig
for you and I've made sure it's as
amazing as I'm saying it is so if you
haven't seen already it's I'll see it I
like to to brush it's got three settings
so this is called dazzle then you hear
that that's a pulse and that's the
standard clean ooh it comes in this
little travel case where I've got a
spare brush head there I haven't used
that one yet because the brush head last
for ages baby you have those in there
like that
this goes there like that you close it
it charges from the wall or from your
laptop if you're traveling and then when
it's closed you got a UV light in there
that sanitizes both brush heads while
you're not using it I mean it's kind of
amazing now one question or criticism I
got from people who watch the last video
is you know if it's pulsating at 40,000
times per minute is that not gonna
damage your teeth it's not gonna damage
your gums and this is my chance to kind
of give you the reasoning behind why it
won't the pulsating action of it is fast
but super gentle and that is so much
more beneficial to your teeth your mouth
your gums your aura oral health than
having a normal manual brush that you're
literally scraping across your teeth and
gums less times put in a heavier motion
when I'm using this I don't go like this
love I glided over the teeth I let the
brush do the work just gently back and
forth back and forth there's never any
of that so you kind of have to learn
again to not do it that way because it's
waved on it for your entire life my
mates even my flatmate said to me the
other week who like what how do you get
your teeth white are you using the
another strip the whitening strips I do
not
any of that all I do at my teeth is
brush twice a day with that and and
coconut oil that once or twice a week
those are my two tricks that's it if
you're in the States if you order it
right now you probably will get it
before Christmas but if not it will come
straight after and 70% discount for you
so it was two hundred and fifty dollars
and through haggling with the guys a
fantasy planet I've gotten a damn for
you
6250 if you do want to try it out of
course no pressure at all the link is
down below and the promo code to get
that 70 percent off is Irish tooth okay
you've been waiting long are you ready
for this as you probably know I'm
filming a BBC 3 documentary series about
all sorts of LGBTQ issues that exist
here in the UK from racism in the
community to homelessness to the word
queer what it means one specifically on
body image body shaming and femme
shaming and with ha as a crew well
what's a better way to explore the
issues of body image than for me the
presenter the host of the show to
actually strip all on camera in front of
a crew of about 10 people and just show
the world I've never really spoken about
on camera but I have body image issues
and I have for a very very very long
time over 10 years it's kind of since
puberty I started to notice things about
my body that I really didn't like that
is you know I like a little pooch that I
have here on the front and but I'm not
very comfortable with I just feel like
when I look down I don't like the look
of it and like a stretch marks on fly to
my ass from a growth spurt ahead of my
teenage years I've got a varicose vein
on this ass cheek and and you know just
this comparing contrasting of your body
to other peoples all the time when you
really don't have to okay are you ready
there it is there do that so I am
holding it I'm copying it Riyadh
explains it on the sixth page this is
the next one this is my favorite one
that's a nice angle isn't it it's insane
I look at its favorable lighting I got a
spray tan the night before I'm really
happy with the element this is the last
one on a chair using my foot I may like
to covertly cover my special bits that's
the feature I think it's it's a really
great read because hopefully it'll give
you some insight into the issues that
exist in the community and and how you
can kind of be more at one with your
body I know after doing this I've gained
so much confidence in my own appearance
if you want to take a look at that the
gay Times Magazine hard copy is
available now and in London it's gonna
be available nationwide in the next
couple of days and it's available
worldwide online and I'm gonna have the
link for that down below as well if you
want to check it out so I'm gonna go
through the gym more and more lately
because I'm off to Mexico with my family
in the next couple of weeks straight
after Christmas I cannot wait and I want
to look nice on am on the beach but and
because of my dairy intolerance I can't
have that normal stuff that way protein
that everyone seems to take because
that's a byproduct of milk and I will be
shitting on the walls if I take that so
this has been my protein Saviour for
after workouts it's absolutely natural
which you know I love and it's got tons
of superfood it's got matcha tea which
gives you a real kick and a lot of
energy it's made of sweet potato pumpkin
quinoa yerba mate a I don't know that is
flax seed vegan coconut oil just really
really great fiber filled nutrient
filled ingredients and a shit ton of
protein and it tastes delicious this is
the one you want to go for and now 25
years old and I've realized that now I
am NOT timeless I'm not ageless things
are starting to change and I'm I'm okay
with that I am okay with it
but I want to start looking after my
skin properly at this age so that when I
am 40 50 60
you know I'm looking okay so I did a
bunch of research and I came across this
guy it's M doctor Zen Obagi this is
medical grade stuff
it's basically a nightly skincare lotion
or serum that I put on and like what
everything I do I don't buy something
because it's got glitzy marketing or
it's got a pretty case or anything like
that I want to know the real science
does it work just like the fish oil tell
me why it works and I'll figure out it
myself if I believe you or not would you
get your mid-twenties the elastin and
collagen in your skin just stops being
produced it just hopped and that's why
people start to see the risk and go a
bit dull it loses that but so the
firmness and that plumpness and it
starts to go a little bit downwards
which is the natural process and some
people like to leave it that way and
that's fine I do not and the reason why
this comes into the picture then is
because it's full of a very very
concentrated vitamin A active vitamin A
or what they call retinoic acid it's all
very complicated basically when you put
active eliminate on the skin you're not
eating it because when you eat it goes
to your organs not the skin when you put
it directly on to the skin it absorbs
right down into the deeper layers of
skin and those cells that have gone to
sleep elastin and collagen it wakes them
up and it starts producing it again so
I've been using this now for about four
or five months and I've noticed my skin
is it's smoother on the outside but it's
also feeling a bit tighter and the tone
of the skin it is more even so it's
helene I've got less like red I use hair
like a lot red patches right here in
here and they've sort of faded away I
just know it works because it's science
yeah it's science you can't buy it in a
normal place so you have to go to a skin
care expert just type it in online and
you'll find your local I left that then
supplies it my next favourite thing is
something that I kind of need to remove
you from this tripod to show you to come
with me it's this look
it's my new IKEA mirror I'm a little bit
I'll see ya I'm barefoot I'm barefoot
when I fill most of my videos okay and I
am in love with this so if you follow me
on Instagram or snapchat you're gonna
see a shit ton of selfies being taken in
this thing from now on it's about two
foot taller than I am
and it's absolutely no need for it boy
hey and finally probably my most
treasured possession to date it is this
Titanic the tragedy that shook the world
if you know me you know I am obsessed
with the history the story of Titanic
the film of course all of that this book
is incredible it's got the entire deck
plan of the ship from top to bottom
start photographs of it sailing off into
the Atlantic there it is under the ocean
so if you didn't know always been
history so this is Titanic and this is
the Olympic sister ships that were
almost identical built at the same time
bet you didn't know that I have the book
leaning up against and the area where I
get ready every morning because I'm a
glam bitch and then once a day like a
historic book I change just once a day I
had a guy over for a date the other
night I cooked him dinner and he saw it
and he was like what's that I was like
oh well I have this process where every
day and he was like freaked the fuck out
I'm sorry this is me take it or leave it
I'm obsessed thank you so much for
watching this video I wish you the most
beautiful Christmas whether you're with
family with friends with your lover with
your dog who ever you're with just
embrace them hook them and share the
love if you do want to see more of my
videos I've really pissed off at YouTube
they're not putting my videos into your
feeds into suggested videos or into your
sub box the one way you can make sure
you catch my videos is like if you go
down below you should see a little bell
beside the subscribe button
if you click on that bell then you can
tell at YouTube to give you a
notification every time I upload one of
these simple I'll talk to you in a
couple of days my love's have a great
one and one last thing guys if you
didn't see the charity Christmas jingle
part of Christmas without you the link
to download and watch it is down below
bye
