hiya its Riyadh here welcome back to the
channel and today's a big day today is a
very very big day it's been a long long
time coming and I have some news for you
I can't stop smuggling and I've been
keeping this in because I've been sworn
to secrecy for over three months and it
has been killing me and this is
absolutely the biggest thing that's
going on in my life right now if I'm
honest and here in Ireland by the way
mom and dad are upstairs getting ready
for a mess family dinner tonight so at
hang on for one second my parents said
they'd kill me if I didn't have them
down here to tell you they won't be part
of it because I wouldn't exist without
my birth givers so am i known that for
one second I'm gonna grab them and then
we're gonna let you know right I'm doing
it just getting her lipstick up mommy
you'd already got lipstick on you look
fine you know this lady oh sorry hi this
is my mother Lorraine dad were yeah
don't think that you're gonna die so
much they tell our friends Denise that's
not life is it no no we're not black
babies I just may it so basically
surprise surprise press em I have been
given my own series on BBC three and
it's something that is so so so close to
my heart it's M as six individual
documentaries on everything to do with
em LGBT culture LGBT issues we're doing
one in particular about homelessness in
the LGBT community following people who
have literally been thrown out of their
family homes simply because of who they
love there's another one on body shaming
and racism and the word queer what it's
about where it originated from there's
another one on faith and sexuality you
know churches and different religious
organizations sort of
you Nicator people because they're LGBT
but it's not serious there's also some
fun stuff in there I'm literally going
to be doing a naked photo shoot for a
well-known magazine seeing you naked
I like it a little bit cooler in my bits
it's mine with my hands makes so much
more weird that you are here we're gonna
film me doing the photo shoot that it's
gonna be in a magazine and there's
another episode on porn so we're talking
oh yeah it's gay porn oh okay so we
don't know exactly what we're gonna do
and that would want some really crazy
stuff some ideas have been thrown about
about me getting potentially involved
and in one way or another
and then I've even been to a sex toy
shop and oh I heard a few strides stuff
on and had a little look read it it is
an incredible incredible journey that
we've been on so far making this series
and I've cried and I've been happy I've
been angry our contributors the people
the amazing people that are in this have
opened up their world and their hearts
dolls and led us into their life and
told the most heart-wrenching and
uplifting stories that I can I've ever
seen so that brings me on to you we are
like I said Ron you better turn off the
way into shooting this amazing thing and
and we're open to you letting us into
your life so if you've an amazing story
to tell if you have someone in your life
that you think has a story to tell or
you've got an anecdote from your own
life we want to know what it is just
send an email to Project rainbow at BBC
Dakota UK and the team they'll be going
through all of them and and you might
get a Skype call from me and we may
travel to you and and film with you and
then once it's all done yeah I think
it's gonna be great we can all get
involved together you know you're gonna
be in as well
no yes first time I come over here to
film what you guys oh yeah yeah not only
could you potentially be part of the
series but we also are going to be doing
a screening
sort of like a mini premiere somewhere
in London maybe the end of January
started February for you for me for my
family for my friends so I really want
as many of you as possible to come along
and hang out for the night and we can
show you maybe the first three episodes
I don't really know that the details but
keep your eye on my Facebook page my
Twitter my Instagram all of that sort of
stuff and I'll give you details on how
you can register and get tickets and
come along obviously it'll be free and
and because I just want you there you're
you're part of my friends you're part of
my family now so you know we want you
from part of it yeah and also and
another side you know you to know how
much has led up to this moment
you've had so many left hands in the
past and to do it on this subject is
like especially it's perfect yeah and to
do it would maybe say it's been your the
ultimate I still can't believe that it's
actually happening very are you this is
gonna be my life ting are you serious I
know yeah I know I just don't want I
don't know I know I know prize of yeah
this is gonna be neat you yes I'm a
channel oh yeah what do you think it's
for
why didn't know so finally now you know
I'm gonna be documented the whole thing
on snapchat and on social media now
because I don't have to keep this secret
anymore of course this is the Keller
family and we don't celebrate ever
without a bit of bubbly don't get it out
you whack the camera boom whoa that was
so aggressive mMmmm
well um you deserve it because you work
so fucking hard
yeah oh hi chase altogether sure I've
had a change what you mean it last since
the last video what you mean you've had
to change all of it Oh brilliant
thank you so much for all the support I
mean even before this video goes out I
already know how supportive you gonna be
and I would love if you could spread the
word a bit and let people know that this
is happening you can use a hashtag
project rainbow until we have an actual
name for the series and
I can't my free to see it I really can't
so from the Caliph I sold from BBC three
the whole team
thank you so much for everything so far
and hope you enjoy it
Cheers cheers everyone whoo we all love
you bye
