smell that that's the smell of home my
sanctuary my childhood my memories my
first time my identity my family my
Ireland where the crack is my tea where
every town has multiple banter factories
where the people are deadly and the
views are well lovely where nature and
wildlife are not things you see on TV
but real beauty that lies right before
your feet home where I am NOT absurd for
saying the words dirty tree and a turd
and asking huge Irwin and how's your man
Cade Mila fall to the land of a hundred
thousand welcomes but it's just the one
I'm looking forward to the embrace of my
mother and my father there is no other
on this planet I would rather Generation
emigration yes I am now one of those who
chose to take that leap into the unknown
because focus isn't that what we
Millennials are supposed to do the
London Irish surviving and striving in a
jungle of concrete and glass that is so
foreign from our past the cold faces of
this town are not what I found but a
place where I could be me on apologetic
and proud these streets are teeming with
cultures and colors and passions and
backgrounds that coexist in a world
where anything goes and yes sometimes
that feeling still greets me lonely and
sad in a path I once dreamt I had
second-guessing my choices to leave the
familiar in pursuit of what's bigger but
I am lucky the times I returned are like
reunions I've earned we dance we laugh
we cry we explore we remember we love we
create new memories
like documentaries of
life I am happy I am content I am free I
am changed yet unchanged this city has
given me more in eight months than I've
had in eight years each day I am here I
am reminded of the importance of human
connection of friends the family you
choose and as sadness becomes happiness
and fear disappears I realized that yes
I will always be Irish but now where I
roam has become my new home
