hi i'm riyadh welcome back to my channel
and you know it's been far too long
since we did a Q&A here so what we're
gonna do we're gonna do a fucking Q&A
and in case you're wondering if these
are actually raspberries and my wine
because why not
i kind of like to have them in there and
then when I'm finished it's like a
little juicy alcoholic treat that I can
chew on delicious how long does it take
you to get ready for a date he heat love
you so much love eating at least an hour
if not an hour and a half I put on music
I sit down with my laptop I research the
guy I know you think so but this doesn't
just happen it takes a team you know we
all sit around here and we deliberate
what is Riyadh gonna look like for this
date and we come up with the production
plan that goes through two rounds of
deliberations and then finally we come
up with a final look and then I go on
the date it can take about three weeks
to finalize them describe how you feel
right now at once and if you had a
pull-string doll of you what five things
would it have where's the line fuck you
give me attention give me attention give
me attach turkey Tree undeterred oh he's
gorgeous give me some of that it's not
five I don't know who cares I'm sick any
tips for getting better fast urine look
the other week I was I had the
motherfucker of a cold upon me and what
you need to do is first of all hit it
when it's fresh number one vitamin C
aren't just are shit what has more
vitamin C than oranges red bell peppers
I think it's like two or three times
demands so jump on them you want of all
that wasteful sugar going into your body
that you don't want number two hydration
drink loads of water especially like
warm water your body loves that helps
your digestive system number three eat
tons of food good food though keep that
belly full that's the energy that's
gonna be fighting that motherfucker
until it's dead number four get some
sleep force yourself into bed get the
head on the pillow
that's the rejuvenation and that's the
energy you're going to need to fight it
as well number five I know it's a bit
hippie-ish but laughs
I am an honest true believer that
laughter and happiness is one of the
greatest cures for almost any thickness
against the endorphins flowing it
suppresses cortisol the stress hormone
so like watch a comedy show watch
Beyonce falling off stage multiple times
focus watch one of my videos if you
could keep any animal as a pet and it
would not harm you or whatsoever what
would it be and why a koala bear
obviously the cuddly they look
ridiculous and the only problem is they
do harm you they apparently try and take
out your eyeballs what is your greatest
strength and biggest weakness okay
greatest strength is that I've got
ambition and I can see a goal and go
yeah I can do that fucking absolutely
let's go woo it can be like literally
the biggest goal in the world my
weakness is that I procrastinate and I
go yeah yeah I'll let I'll do it like
tomorrow I'll go for the dream like you
know give it in a while in a while that
there's no rush there's no rush what
it's a strangest name someone has
introduced you as well obviously my name
is a head fuck it's Riyadh case you know
and I've been called literally by
teachers M Rita Rita rehab retard raiad
Rhydian rajid I mean the list goes on
and on it's very simple it's like you've
deleted someone on Facebook and you're
re adding them or you've emptied your
glass of wine and you're gonna re add
wine to fill it up hey you got it you
got it cuz we're mates we get each other
caption this ha ha ha ha big head worst
moment from your childhood the death of
my grandfather and the death of my
grandmother sorry - will this question
be in your video yes on a scale of 1 to
10 how exhausting and how great was it
to meet your viewers at somewhere in the
city 2016 Jesus Christ literally a
mind-blowing experience for me but when
I stand there for three and a half hours
four hours meeting you one by one and
seeing your faces and hearing your
stories where you live what you like
what you don't like and
putting faces to these numbers it is the
most enriching incredibly exciting
experience of my life by the end of a
meet-and-greet though I am wiped out
like you could say what's your name nice
out there I'm just gone so what I do is
I go for a nap I pass a it for an hour
or two and then I wake up and I'm fine
what's the best and worst things you've
learned from your parents okay
best thing is and that I've learned
empathy and human emotion and how to
find happiness in the world even from
the most simple of things the worst
thing that I've learned is and leaving
things to the last minute constantly
being late hi sexy little mister hello
what's your top three movies ever simple
I did it in the Q&A before Titanic
number one still Alice number two Erin
Brockovich number three if you haven't
seen these please on my behalf make it
your priority two of them are on Netflix
what's your favorite thing about London
the boys what is your favorite thing
about LA PS love you rehab love you too
Darla oh my god your name is Darla
you're like the girl from Little Rascals
Wow favorite thing about LA the beaches
and the weather and the people huh not
all of them just some of them okay
favorite musical Priscilla Queen of the
desert if I want to laugh lay miserable
if I want to cry what have you always
wanted and did you ever get it yes as a
child literally for about five or six
years I begged my parents for a chicken
I don't know what it was I was obsessed
with the idea of owning a chicken didn't
want a dog didn't want a car didn't want
a fucking hamster I wanted a chicken my
parents went away for a weekend and
there was just a romantic weekend and
they found a farm just on the side of
the road they were silent chickens and
my amazing parents decided that they
would purchase two or three of these
chickens they brought at home chucked it
in the garden and they said oh we add
there's something in the garden for you
there
I walked on out and what was there in
the middle of the garden eating the
grass this gorgeous beautiful chicken
Kent I ran over I crowded I kissed that
I squeezed it so hard I could almost
hear the eggs insider crackin I cried
just absolutely in love with this new
feathery friend so did you ever move
back to Ireland or have your family
moved to England and if I'm gonna move
back to Ireland it will probably be when
I'm like in my 40s or 50s on a one like
chill out and have a more relaxed life
am i loving my London life far too much
to even consider moving back full time
maybe part time I might go for a couple
of months and then come back I just
fucking love this town what's your
favorite type of ice cream and wine ice
cream strawberries and cream Haag and
Dazs it's epic and my favorite kind of
wine is the one that's made out of
grapes and has alcohol in it if you were
a musical instrument what would you be I
would be a violin because it's emotional
and looks pretty what's your favorite
type of dog okay ooh tough the one I
have at the moment a family dog is a
Cavalier King Charles my beautiful Sasha
and boy if I was to get a dog now I'm
between a Pomeranian and a miniature
pinscher that's my ex's dog they love
cuddles I'm a navy fucker so I need a
dog that needs me as much as I need it
best thing about being Irish the fact
that I can say turkey tree and a turd
not a butter on me what was your dream
job when you were young I had three
dream jobs and one was to be a pilot
which I started training for and an in
theory I can actually fly a plane case
you didn't know so it's actually a weird
morbid hope of mine to one day have a
pilot that can't fly the plane anymore I
have to take over second dream was ed to
be marine biologist and I worked in Sea
Life did like tours and stuff at the age
15 and then the third job was to be a
presenter or host on radio or TV and I
guess I've kind of made the third one
happen so I'm really really happy with
that
yay Beyonce or Rihanna girl
Rihanna doesn't even cook it she's not
even in the picture she doesn't exist
when it comes to this question Lady gaga
then Beyonce and then all the others
these are the only two that matter okay
any exciting holidays coming up I'm gone
to Mexico with my parents in January
what have you done in the last month I
couldn't be in a vid oh yeah okay there
was em hate when youtubers do this is a
project and working on there is a
project I'm working on that I've been
sworn to secrecy on and it's literally
in the contract of the project that I
can't speak about it well um what can I
say what can I say it's big it's a dream
come true
it's something I've wanted my entire
life and it is going to blow your mind
you're gonna be able to see it and enjoy
it and potentially you're gonna be able
to be involved in it like part of it so
hang on for just a couple more weeks I'm
pushing them to allow me to say it yet
so that's really the only thing but I
haven't been able to say in my videos so
it's good one oh can you tell your
parents I said hey I love y'all so much
okay Carolyn I will yes I have my mother
on my phone as boss hi wait oh girl
let's shake it out okay that's it love
you bye favorite porn star Wow it's
gotta be two is just absolutely
incredible so talented and um Oh
beautiful what advice would you give
someone who was just starting at their
own YouTube channel okay okay so don't
make videos about shit they don't care
about get really good channel art you
know like with your name and be
consistent and make sure you're
uploading regularly we're talking like
once every week if you can if not twice
a week and that way your subscribers are
gonna go I'm gonna come back to see more
of this guy speaking of coming back to
see more unfortunately some of you have
been tweeting me saying that you'd like
the missing videos because
fucking YouTube softbox isn't telling
you that my new videos are up so there
is one way that we can get over this and
make sure that you're getting like
notifications each time I put new stuff
up so if you go down below and there
should be a subscribe button um beside
the subscribe button there should be a
bell or like it and not you know like a
nut or bolt and if you click on that it
will then ask you if you want to get
notifications from this channel when
everything goes up here so you won't
miss a thing okay thank you what is your
worst Airport experience your you want
this one so I was almost deported from
Canada and sent home to Ireland so many
of you know that I lived in America in
Texas with my boyfriend for about three
months like a year or two years ago and
while I was there for three months
living with him for a couple of days I
decided to fly up from Texas to Canada
to visit my aunt where she was working
and at the end of the two or three day
trip in Canada I came to the airport and
I was trying to get back into America
and you know you go into the booth and
you put your fingers on you put your
film on then they ask you you're
traveling for business or pleasure and I
did all of that and then he goes then
sir would you mind standing aside for a
minute I was like yeah sure
okay then another man came from behind
and took my bag took my phone took my
passport and took my wallet so all I had
was me and the clothes that were on my
back at which point I began freaking the
fuck out but like outwardly
holding it together because if they see
that you're going crazy they're gonna
think that you're like trying to smuggle
drugs in or something which I absolutely
was not and then he asked me to like
step into a room so they opened this
store and I walk into this room and they
close it and lock it so essentially I
was in a cell now it wasn't a prison
cell but it was in the airport and I can
only describe it as the most grim room
you will ever see have you ever watched
a show like border protection so this
really harsh like fluorescent lights
there's no clocks on the walls because
they don't want you to know what time it
is
the walls themselves that like peeling
so I'm sitting there going I don't know
what time it is I don't know if I'm
gonna miss my flight
I really honestly don't know why I've
been taken aside like this and have all
my stuff taken away from me and then
they leave me there for an hour and I'm
thinking me definitely I've missed my
flight now the guy and the officer then
goes sir mr. Kelly mr. Kelly can you
please come forward now there were only
two other people in the room with me and
I'm not being mean around the book they
looked like bad people I I don't know
how to say in the nicest way possible
they looked like they had done something
wrong and he says them I'm afraid to
inform you that your visa to enter the
United States has been cancelled and go
huh excuse me niggers yeah yeah um your
visa isn't air is invalid anymore it's
been cancelled and I'm like no that's
completely wrong
I had a three-month visa I was living in
the states with my fella all my stuff is
there like literally all of my life is
there in Texas with him that's where I'm
going now for another month before I go
home to Ireland and to be leaned on my
sweetheart and then he goes I'm sorry
but we can't allow you to fly back to
America you're gonna be sent back to
Ireland and at that point I matched from
head to toe shaking I go gray I feel
like I want to vomit and I'm going how
can I convince this like officer of the
law to believe me that I have a visa and
I go no I absolutely have a visa I
promise you I do I got it from this
company it's been processed and he goes
sir this information is coming from
Washington DC this is correct
information you do not have a visa fuck
so essentially what happened was I don't
know actually another full story I was
meant to like check in with my visa
company to tell them I was still in the
States before I left the state and tried
to get back in I didn't do that so they
then said it was my fault and without
notifying me by email by phone call by
text they just like deleted my visa just
like yeah you don't have it anymore now
would have been fine if I stayed in the
states but I left and try to
back in so anyway the police officer let
me simmer and let me get really really
frustrated upset and panicked and then
he goes oh by the way if you wanted to
you could get an ester which is you know
what like people having a holiday in
America have so we like brought me
through their office to the back open a
hatch and let me throw into the airport
again that's it there's a computer down
there you can apply for an S Tech come
back to me when you've done it and we'll
see can we let you into the United
States I did it while crying I came back
and he was like yeah you've been
approved what like why didn't you just
let me know that first before let me
freak out so then I got onto the plane I
was literally the last person to board
the plane and am i sat there sweating
and the edge of tears and the person
beside me said are you okay I said I'm
fine I'm fine
anyway that's the story next question
any embarrassing sex stories yes I
farted during sex huh Halloween or
Christmas Christmas every time are you
Joe can you get more free shit did you
go to college yes I actually did I went
to college all that people think that I
didn't I have a degree in media
production management that I got from
two very amazing and prestigious
colleges Ballyfermot College of
Education and Dublin City University DC
you had to dress up stylish Li for
dummies you know that is actually a
surgical question because I think you
can change an entire outfit from like
you okay - oh yeah look at him
with like two things in particular or I
put three things okay so number one for
instance this t-shirt that's the way it
is naturally with the sleeves down now
which side do you like more obviously
this one hello sexy not sexy sexy not
sexy for guys arms are the equivalent of
like tits on women's so show more of
them so you I roll them up like three
four times or until it looks really I'd
even do that another time to be honest
with you and and then a few of my
t-shirts I've got safety pins in them so
I put one here one here and one there
that I call them up and then
you just look you look more like muscley
and I just nice a shape
second thing is a nice belt and to talk
in the top that you're wearing like I
don't know what it is over the last year
but all of a sudden like talking in
shirts and t-shirts is like the thing to
do this t-shirt and Jean combo probably
isn't a good example but and I'm just
gonna be showing it anyway because fuck
it I just think like talking it in with
your rolled-up sleeves it's kind of you
know what it reminds me of you know
Greece like go Greece let me in and then
it is Indian it it's kind of like that
and then the next thing is roll up the
bottom of those trousers get those
ankles on shell I was banished for
ankles show them boys so what I do is I
get these really gay you've probably
seen them you know these ridiculous sort
of disgusting sucks but like show this
part of your foot so it looks like
you're not wearing socks but you are get
your jeans and depending how long they
are I mean I'm sure as fuck so I've got
a robe more Bloods but like one two
three maybe a four four time and then do
one with and one without get like little
I don't know whatever she is look nice
wit what you're wearing
so what you've got is sexy not sexy
fashionable not fashionable easy would
you date a subscriber
yeah yeah what wouldn't be awful for you
to block out a potential soulmate simply
because they watch your videos how did
you find it growing up as an only child
did you ever wish you had a brother or
sister do you have someone who is like a
bro or a sister well I have a brother I
have a little brother I thought did I
not say this before I don't know he is
the most incredible guy ever his name is
Ryan I'm trying to get him into a video
of mine AB he he's not fully there yet
and please follow him online this is his
Instagram account and his name is Ryan
and he's just so talented he's like
super into like fitness and bodybuilding
and he's he's younger than me I think
he's like 19 I should know that yeah I'm
just so proud of him how to get over
someone but you're still in love with
ezpz I just did it recently get on today
and apps get out there again distract
yourself with other potential base Jesus
that was a long one Cheers
thanks for sticking with me I will be
back in a couple of days as always thank
you so much for all your love and
support make sure you follow me on
snapchat Instagram and Twitter it's all
riad k very simple and I will chat to
you in a couple of days love you so much
bye hey oh my god I love it it looks
great there doesn't it and let me just
let me just also tell you I am such a
good friend
dramatic boss
