hiya I'm Rhea welcome back to my channel
Cheers y'all know yesterday the
presidential debate happened to Hillary
Donald went head to head and although I
am the furthest thing from an American
I'm not taking a risk on this prick
getting into power so I thought I'd
break down the hour and a half of
bullshit into a bite-sized chunk of pure
and utter proof that he is a sexist
homophobic racist chauvinistic
psychopath first and most obviously his
fetish for Mexico and China China should
solve that problem for us you look at
what China is doing to our country China
should go into North Korea especially
China China is is to rebuild China but
it could also be China in Mexico up
there going to Mexico you're the example
of Mexico you want to go to Mexico when
we sell into Mexico the d-doug your
daddy helped you yeah how much did he
give you my father gave me a very small
loan in 1975 just love it a Wall Street
Journal investigation uncovered a
document showing that Trump owed his dad
roughly 14 million dollars and you know
what lay off it's not like you can get
much for that kind of money they gave me
a very small lunch just to almost new
Bombardier private jets gave me a very
small 35 Lamborghini Aventador gave me a
very small loan 1.2 million Papa John's
pizzas gave me a very small 28 private
performances from Katy Perry gave me a
very small loan or feed two hundred and
eight thousand nine hundred and fifty
five starving children for a full year
Donald thinks that climate change is a
hoax perpetrated by the Chinese I think
it's real I did not die in such I do not
say that I think I do not say that we
add Yaga did the concept of global
warming was created by and for the
Chinese in order to make us
manufacturing non-competitive during
this 90 minute debate we expected the
Trump Meister to interject a couple of
times or this prick took it to the next
level
well I will bring excuse me I will bring
back look at I just edition I can't
believe it they said no wait a minute
we've covered when they formed what what
you have
wait wait a minute Alessi asked for a
question did you ask me a question wait
a minute we need to move all right but
it's very important why your wingers
being better man that was be faster wait
DT has a has achieved some incredible
things in his time you didn't know let
him tell you my tax cut is the biggest
since Ronald Reagan I'm very proud of it
I have a great company I have a
tremendous income I built an
unbelievable company and I'm very very
proud of it and I'm so glad I did it
it's an unbelievable company I'm a year
ahead of schedule and I'm very proud of
it the Trump International is way under
budget and way ahead of schedule it's a
tremendously successful Club and that's
the way I feel that is the true way I
feel okay I know the whole thing I have
to give him a bit credit over to he used
the word that I've ever heard before and
I love it I can't stop saying it it is
not in a braggadocious way braggadocious
way it's ragged osius it's real read
read read read read ragged doshas way is
ragged ocean I love it
still etiquette though she even at one
time suggested that you would try to
negotiate down the room national debt of
the United States yes you did mr. Trump
told the cable network CNBC I would
borrow knowing that if the economy
crashed you could make a deal one of my
favorite things about analyzing this
lunatic is to watch how he repeats the
same words over and over again simply to
give him enough buffer time to construct
a sentence that might potentially make
sense well first of all Secretary
Clinton doesn't want to use a couple of
words and that's law and order and we
need law and order we need law and order
we have to bring back law and order we
have to bring back law and order quick
but we need lesser we need law and order
and we need law and order under the
current mayor crime has continued to
drop including murders so they're yours
your own no I'm gonna czar up it all
right you jerk
I will check Washington Post says Trump
is incorrect so far this year murders
are down
from the same point last year but this
is a man who has called women pigs slobs
and dogs and someone who has said
pregnancy is an inconvenience to
employers who has said women don't at
Yoga did pregnancy is never it's a
wonderful thing for the woman it's a
wonderful thing for the husband it's
certainly an inconvenience for a
business
Donald supported the invasion of Iraq
wrong that is absolute wrong proved over
and over again react well you didn't
hang on hang on let me just find
something foods an audio clip of what
appears to be you on Howard Stern are
you from evading Iraq yeah I guess so
you know I wish it was I wish the first
time it was done correctly you know I
may not agree with everything that
Hillary has said or sounds for but that
bitch can deliver a classy fillet I
think Donald just criticized me for
preparing for this debate and yes I did
and you know what else I prepared for I
prepared to be President and I think
that's a good thing so a man who can be
provoked by a tweet should not have his
fingers anywhere near the nuclear codes
as far as I think anyone with any sense
about this should be concerned that I'm
getting a little bit old I must say
listen it's a good one it's like his
plan to defeat Isis he says it's a
secret plan but the only secret is that
he has no plan as soon as he travels to
112 countries and negotiates a peace
deal a ceasefire or even spends 11 hours
testifying in front of a congressional
committee he can talk to me about
stamina
then he called her miss housekeeping
because she was latina Donald she has a
name
when did you fire her name where did you
find us Machado where did you find she
has become a US citizen and you can bet
a real she's going to vote that's Nova
okay good
hey if you're American or you're not
American just share this video please
make whoever has a vote vote for the
right person we cannot let this mental
case get into power because you know
what it doesn't just affect America it
affects all of us and that's absolutely
terrifying if you have a vote
use your power and use it right I love
you so much thank you for watching the
video I'll be back in a couple of days I
don't do you know fine how does it make
your teeth whiter I hear you ask well
it's got a thing in it called lauric
acid or lauric I don't know how to
pronounce it but it basically dissolves
the compounds and the various different
bacterias that cause your teeth to go
yellow yep a woman talked about me god
only knows what you think I have in my
mouth
oh hey good night everyone
