perfect elation quiet hum riad you know
that welcome back to my channel and
today I'm all about the equal rights you
females you females are always the ones
that get to do the favorites videos
talking about your makeup on your hair
and all those obvious stereotypes well
today things change
yes and I can't hear you weird what the
fuck is a favorites video it's basically
like what Oprah doors are did years ago
that's you Oh
but on a much cheaper and shitter scale
so this is all just a bunch of random
shit that I've bought I've tried that I
like that I'm just gonna show you so
let's do it
now you know me I can't do a video
without a beverage of my hands so the
first thing is a new gym that I've tried
and just put in my my limes here mm-hmm
so normally when I'm drinking gin I like
to have Hendrix but that shit is
expensive we're talking you need to get
a mortgage to buy a bottle so me being
the cheapest guy but also looking for
quality and I got Beefeater gin and this
is nice yeah it's good it's you know
it's about half the price and you know
you just want to go in with two shots of
vodka a generous serving not too much
just bet like one shot now if you're
under the age of drinking in whatever
country you're watching in then maybe
just skip ahead or if you are someone
who doesn't drink the fuck is wrong with
you so normally you have a gin and tonic
this time round I'm using soda war
because no sugar Cheers oh this is gonna
be a fun video so next up for the guys
that allowed me to buy this lovely new
camera so thank you for that it's best
beans you've probably heard of a lot of
other youtubers talking about it I
actually started playing it when I saw
and a couple of my mates mention it and
then add the guys at Best Fiend contact
me of like hey you wanna put the app in
your video I was like yeah sure
okay I'm addicted as it is as in last
night I was playing it for a couple of
minutes before going to bed you know
just like a little night okay bye two
and a half hours later I still I'm
fucking hey now if you haven't played it
already let me give you a very simple
and somewhat tipsy synopsis excuse me I
love my flatmates they're so quiet and
gentle okay so I'm gonna sit over here
so you can see what it's all about
okay so you have these characters which
are called your fiends and each of them
has like a corresponding color or icon
and your job is to almost like feed them
the icons by linking up the same colors
then they attack the big bastard at the
back the slope
he dies you win so I'm gonna link up
these purple mushrooms they go to our
guy in the corner he hits the slug and
he goes out and then his life goes down
and then oh I've got like another tree
like yellow ones and then did you uh uh
hurts
ouch get me I'm currently at level 31
thank you very much
so what I've been told is that they've
put 15 hidden treasures or items in the
game I don't even know what they are and
it's up to whoever plays to try and find
them and then you win like gold bars and
different ways to kill more slots and
other fun things the hints to find the
treasures and what they are and are on
the Facebook page for best beams and
there's also a video that they made and
all those links are going to be down in
the description below and also if you
feel like you want to download the game
I'm gonna play it that's there too if
you don't that's fine but it's all that
next is yet another thing that I bought
to fill off this new empty shell of a
room can you hear the this isn't gonna
help what I have to have it it's just
bait yet it's a sign let's get naked so
when I bring a guest back yes the guest
so I'm not a slut okay they'll see this
and they'll feel so comfortable in my
presence in my humble abode that they
will want to just relax and expose
themselves I have it a space up here
somewhere way enough when I got this
place they had things on the walls
behind she say hey oh my god I love it
it looks great there doesn't it and let
me just let me just also tell you I am
such a good friend
dramatic pause next thing is an internet
thing and the thing is to YouTube things
as in to people I'm gonna do like new
ish youtubers in my favorite videos from
now on now it also helps that they are
boyfriend goals these two guys and that
I kinda want to be her personal
relationship if my channel wasn't
already scream desperate now it does so
the channel is called Dan and John
that's the boys there with these so cute
a really lovely couple they're very real
they're very natural so this is them now
I'm not going to show you in much but
I'm just going to show you the first
three seconds of this video because this
sort of summarizes why I love them if
you've got some spray time your hands
and you finish watching my videos go
over and check out the link down below
and have a look at the boys tell them I
sent you right next up is something that
I'm constantly talking about it is
literally like the attacks you've been
described as the natural green cocaine
obviously legal and obviously you know
straight from the earth you know green
tea
well green tea you got a leaf in a bag
and it's you just get the juice coming
off the leaf well this is the actual an
early stage green tea leaf picked from
the tree before it's ready and ripe they
dry it they grind it into it micro fine
powder put it in the bag you put it in
hot water and then you actually drink
with water the belief you're actually
consuming it so you get this four or
five hour like balls or this high from
the caffeine but also it's got 20 times
more antioxidants than green tea normal
green tea and it's got fiber in it
apparently it's got vitamin C in it and
there's no crash like with coffee so
like I find because my brain is Scottie
as fuck whatever I'm doing I need to
concentrate this is the boy look it
literally looks like it's come out of a
swamp
oh no wait to see I'm gonna get a right
both laugh oh yeah
come up don't drink too much are you
working hard palpitations I am not
joking I get this one in Whole Foods you
might not know that I have a fascination
for lamps
did you see it miss mowcher of course
you did
so it's an old vintage gorgeous bulb in
just the stone base and ego ah look at
prettiness and also you can do this oh
my god it's not a great idea
what's nothing I was thinking about the
other day I could do all day but I won't
I want just one more just 100 M Oh
this is why I'm single I got that in a
shop called fuck what the hell
Oliver bonus yes the queen is back Lady
gaga hey you know what happened perfect
illusion happened as a 25 year old guy
that discovered her when I was what like
17 years old went alone to her first
concert is open back row paid all the
money that I had in the world cried my
fucking eyes out she changed my life she
helped me get through so much shit I
love this woman more than words can say
even if she never produced music again I
still love her I think we are getting
like bad romance just dance pokerface
gaga back or two people in this world
that I need to meet before they die or
before I die
number one Oprah Winfrey number two
mother mom stick put your paws up second
last thing is only interesting if you're
like a camera nerd or you like to film
or you want to get into filming and it's
this and no it is not a hairy dildo it
is called a dead kitten
what does it do I hear you ask well you
know when you're watching television
shows and they've got this thing is
called a boom mic and it's over a person
as hairy like this that's called the
dead cat but because it's a smaller they
call it dead kitten see clever huh if
you're outside filming which I do quite
a bit
at all windy it prevents the wind from
making your sand sand shit like this you
don't want your sand to sand but then if
you put this on your different it's
brilliant isn't it and finally back to
the aviation my friends you might
remember a US Airways plane that went
down in the Hudson River a few years ago
and the captain ditched it into the
water landed safely on the river in New
York everyone lived it was a fucking
amazing amazing story well they've made
a movie about it and it comes out in the
u.s. I think later this month here in
London I gotta wait until December to
see an IMAX I cannot wait
anyway the trailer I I'm not even joking
i watch it every day I get goosebumps
every time I feel emotional it's an
incredible incredible true story of this
guy called Captain Sully Sullenberger
just lovely I'm not put the link for
this down below too but just a little
teasing no instead you were going to
lose both engines and a lower altitude
than any jet in history
this was dual-engine loss at 2,800 feet
followed by immediate water landing on
155 souls on board no one has ever
trained for an incident like that
Oh Oh lookey connects TZ at the score
you can hear that music the score is
incredible thank you for watching my
first favorites video I hope you enjoyed
it and and if you have any questions
about the things I talked about just how
low at me I'm at the Twitter machine or
on Instagram or any of that good stuff
I'll talk to you in a couple of days
love your bite and how does it make your
teeth whiter I hear you ask well it's
got a thing in it called
lauric acid or lauric as i don't know
how to pronounce it but it basically
dissolves the compounds and the various
different bacterias that cause your
teeth to go yellow yeah
a woman talked about me god only knows
what you think I have in my mouth oh hey
