hiya i'm riyadh welcome back to my
channel and today i'm doing video about
something that i have had a lot of
personal experience with something that
i am experiencing more of now and even
though it went away for a while it is an
anxiety chronic anxiety and panic
attacks that eventually come from that
and the video is sponsored by NHS go and
app for young people where they can get
help for the mental health or physical
health i guess in this video i want to
give you my own personal experience of
what constant anxiety is what it feels
like and panic attacks you may or may
not have experienced it but i think it's
important that even if you haven't that
you watch this because there is almost
definitely going to be someone in your
life that you can help by knowing the
right things to say how to act rent them
and how to understand that they may be
in the middle of a personal crisis that
you may not even know exists so before
we get into like the interesting science
of what a panic attack is and why they
happen i'm gonna wait for this plane to
piss off
by for me one of the most important
things about getting over anxiety was
first of all knowing what is going on
like biologically science-wise and what
is happening in my body that's making me
feel this way and making all of these
physical things happen that I cannot
control and once I understood that that
I could kind of like I could get control
my first memory of having panic attacks
it goes way back to when I was about 13
or 14 years old and I had this crazy
strong separation anxiety from my mom um
so much so that when she would leave the
house to go and meet up with her
girlfriends or even go to the shop to
buy groceries I would either demand that
I could go with her or she would have to
have her phone on her and I would be
texting her and calling her almost every
10 minutes to make sure she was okay
and it came from a fear that she would
die I thought that she would be abducted
and raped that was one thought that went
through my head I thought that she would
be murdered I thought that she would
have a car crash and that I would all of
a sudden have a motherless life and that
I wouldn't be able to cope with that I
have no idea where it came from and it
got so bad that even my mother's friends
were gone is your kid okay she'd be
having like a Chinese takeaway with her
with her girls and her phone would be
constantly ringing so my mom almost
became my counselor and she just like
got some common sense into my head and
said look if I'm gonna die I'm gonna die
it's gonna happen there's nothing that
you can do to a phone call that's going
to changes and it was just like oh okay
we just have to live our life and get
through this and understand that you
know there is an absolute miniscule tiny
tiny possibility that something bad may
happen to her on her journey to the
supermarket then for years I didn't
really feel anxiety at all until my
grandmother died and I had a very very
and sort of dramatic breakup with my ex
almost at the same time and all I can
remember is having this sort of pre
panic attack sort of build up throughout
the day where I will be tetchy I'd be on
edge my thoughts would be here and then
there
my hands would start to get sweaty and
clammy my my breathing will be kind of
shallow and and and very fast and I'd
have like wide eyes and I couldn't even
like hold a conversation and I tried to
keep suppressing those feelings I then
had a full-blown panic attack and if
you've never had one it probably sounds
really really stupid really really
ridiculous to you but let me just say
that in the middle of a full-blown panic
attack you honestly and truly believe
that you are going to die you cannot
catch your breath you things start to
like Haven on you almost like your ears
cycles cause like darker and some people
even pass out from them and for me the
trigger was this feeling of doom it's
like I have lost this woman my
grandmother and I will never see her
again I've lost my lover I've lost all
of these things how can I possibly go on
and aside from that the most recent um
expression of a panic attack that they
had was when and some of you will have
seen I had another dumping slash breakup
situation and and I was standing in my
kitchen and I had been battling this
oncoming panic attack all day I knew it
was coming it was on its way and I was
like nope I'm taking control of this
situation it is not gonna happen I am
going to be okay and I was standing
there at the counter my hands were on it
and everything was numb
head to toe I had these tingles and
goosebumps and I just felt like I was
out of control
it's an out-of-body experience you
literally feel like you are looking at
yourself from over here I started I
started to like not be able to catch my
breath
and this welling up of emotion and then
I just completely broke out into tears
and I couldn't figure out why this was
happening I was like so that bad of it's
not bad of it and I just couldn't and
the only thing that I knew what to do
was to just drop to the floor and I just
sat there because I felt like this this
weak feeling over my whole body and I
just
have had my moment I let myself you know
have it and then I got my thoughts and I
gathered myself and I just had a
breather and what will happen after you
have a full-blown panic attack like that
you know it can last anywhere from two
minutes to two hours is that you are
absolutely and completely drained it is
like you have run a marathon mentally
physically you're useless you can't do
anything even if you're you know feeling
somewhat okay after than you're meant to
go in for a dinner with friends nine
times out of ten you're gonna have to
cancel because you will need to just
wrap yourself up in a blanket and maybe
speak to someone you love watch a movie
or just pass out and go to sleep
but what I've learned from this is that
I know my triggers now my triggers are
and this feeling of loss and or things
in my in my immediate world that remind
me of this person or this experience
that I've lost so it could be a song how
I learned to take control of these
debilitating and panic attacks is an CBT
and CBT is cognitive behavioral therapy
it's it's unlike other therapies that
you go to because it actually teaches
you these tools that you can take and
use day to day that and allow you to
control your feelings and to control the
uncoming of a panic attack so you go and
it's all about this thing called
mindfulness and being in the moment and
that's one thing I really took from it
is that I have absolutely no control of
tomorrow the next day the next week I
have no control of what just happened
yesterday the day before or last year
the only thing I have 100% control of is
right now in this second talking to you
right now that's all I have control over
so why let yourself get overly worried
or overly upset about something that you
don't have control of and when you start
to process that and realize that you
really do begin to feel calm you are not
out of control you you are here you're
present and it has really hippie-ish
but it in a moment of crisis this
mindfulness and this cognitive favor
therapy these things you learn can
honestly save you each week I felt
myself finding myself again because when
you're in the middle of am this
deep-rooted anxiety you begin to lose
who you are
who's my character why can't I find
happiness and even things like comedy
anymore the things that used to bring me
so much joy and the things that made me
who I am like food or laughter or
friends a family
none of it bothered me anymore I had no
desire to do any of it but I knew I
wasn't suffering from depression let's
say I just knew that something was off
kilter before I went for therapy I
didn't realize that I was actually
dealing with chronic anxiety that was
kind of constantly there I was dealing
with it so well but I didn't even know I
had this is what people would anxiety do
they mastered the art of disguise I mean
right now talking to you I'm feeling a
degree of anxiety do I look like I'm
anxious probably not because through the
years you just learn to like get on with
it
and you yourself could be dealing with
low level constant anxiety would I even
realize it what I've learned from my
research and my interest in in human
biology and why we have these panic
attacks is that there is a true reason
why they exist they are there to protect
you they're not just these useless
things that come up to make your day
 think of it this way if you are in
the Stone Age times and you are being
chased by a lion you're going to get the
fight-or-flight hit of adrenaline and
you're going to get this rush to protect
your life and save yourself now it's a
little bit different in modern society
where that fight-or-flight and that
adrenaline can hit you from something
that isn't going to take your life way a
feeling a feeling of love and feeling of
a breakup like study after study after
study has been done on the absolute
disastrous effects on your body and your
mind if you have anxiety for extended
periods and you don't act on it and work
on it and get rid of it I'm talking
about your digestive system potential
risking heart attacks your immune system
is absolutely sapped of everything it's
worth because of the stress hormone
cortisol which is through the roof and
your reproductive system is even
attacked by your ability to be creative
absolutely gone there was a study one of
them by the University of Wisconsin they
found that people who suffered from
anxiety and stress and believed that it
was bad for them
had a 43% higher risk of an early death
but the people who realized that yes
they were going through stress and yes
they were having a panic attack
but it was okay and they were going to
get a handle on it they had absolutely
no higher risk of death than someone
that didn't have panic attacks or
anxiety so it is really all in your
hands and all in your mind of taking
control and making this anxiety in these
panic attacks go away and even when they
happen using them for good realizing
that it is a natural human response to a
situation that is happening in your life
that it is okay that it will come it
will go and everything is going to be
okay beyond that so if any of this what
I've said resonate to you in some way or
someone in your family or a friend then
know that you are absolutely not alone
it is a normal thing that happens to
most of us in our lives
we do all have triggers and there are
ways that we can battle through it and
feel normal again remind ourselves of
who we are enjoy life again
stop surviving and start living and if
you do happen to be a young person in
the UK do check out that app that I
mentioned at the start of the video NHS
go it is it is gonna be a lifesaver for
so many people and I wish that I had the
same resource when I was growing up in
Ireland if you if you're going to
absolutely Anakin be it a mental health
issue an STI and like that then it is
something that you need to download and
you need to check out and it's all
categorized into different sections and
so there's young people health
there's LGBT issues sex relationships
eating healthily exercise so from the
very very series then just the everyday
things that will make you a healthier
young person but at any point that you
feel
okay I've got the information I need now
I need to reach out and get professional
help all of those resources are there it
will look up where your location is and
it will tell you where your nearest GP
is they're going to need a sexual health
clinic so it is just I just it makes me
smile the idea of the app and because I
know how many young people it's gonna
help and that's why I decided that I
would I would partner up with the guys
at the NHS hope you have a lovely day
thank you so much for watching the video
I'll have another one for you in a
couple of days chat you later bye Shh
hang on I'm back just just for a minute
and I'm just editing the video at the
moment and I just wanted to also say
that and I know a lot of you are going
back to school at the moment I see your
tweets and I know that it can be pretty
damn overwhelming I change school like
three times and the anxiety I had
because of that was pretty high it may
be it's your subject maybe it's a
teacher you don't get on well well maybe
this bully or just like the general idea
of going back after a long lovely summer
chill now completely normal to feel a
little bit weird and a little bit
insecure but and that's what the app is
there for that's what your parents are
there for like if that's what your
friends are there for talk to them and
yeah you use the app it's there so free
and that's that its purpose if you want
to download it or check out the website
all those links are down below this time
it's goodbye for real okay chachi later
bye bye bye beam up and how does it make
a teeth whiter I hear you ask well it's
got a thing in it called lauric acid or
low Rick I don't know how to pronounce
it but it basically dissolves the
compounds and the various different
bacterias that cause your teeth to go
yellow yeah a woman talked about me
god only knows what you think I have in
my mouth oh hey
