hi-yah Riyadh welcome back to my channel
and today guys
first things first apologies for this
redness em I was in the Sun I got
sunburned I'm not dying everything is
a-ok and today I'm gonna be showing you
how to get naturally healthy white
strong teeth not just get your teeth
white we can all do that but how to do
it the gentle way and that the way that
actually works through science the video
is sponsored by the lovely guys of
auntie planet I've worked with them
before as you know with the spin for
perfect skin facial brush and so these
are just a few things that I actually do
and three products in particular that I
use to get my teeth naturally strong I
went
we have people inside screaming I
apologize let's talk about why your
teeth go yellow in the first place
mainly it is external influences so the
things that you're putting into your
mouth like tea coffee wine even a fruit
juices sort of assets in them but also
the elements can come from a somewhat
natural way from below so what you have
is you've gotta to say this is a tooth
here okay this layer is the enamel this
is the protective smooth coating that is
on the outside of your teeth that there
are about four very thin layers of
enamel there to protect what's below and
what's below is a thing called Denton
Denton isn't as white as the enamel it's
actually that yellowy color and when you
break down the enamel the dentine begins
to show on the surface and that's why
you get the yellowing and a
discoloration so first thing is what
toothpastes are you using are you using
something that says it does whitening
something that says it kills germs or
something like this this is the one that
I've been using and for about a year now
it's M Arm and Hammer
a total Pro clean and repair reason I
use this one I use other ones that have
the same ingredients but it has liquid
calcium in it so it's going to recoat
the enamel surface of your teeth
stopping them being porous and stopping
all of the staining materials getting
deep into your teeth and making them
discolored also I use it because it's
got a bit of baking soda in it which is
a very gentle abrasive action to rub
away all of that
staining on your teeth slidin on it's
got all the usual stuff like fluoride
which will harden your teeth and and
although I use it for brushing sometimes
it maybe once a week this might be a bit
weird I've never heard about anyone else
doing this but the science seems to make
sense so I take like I know a large pea
size med and I put up my mouth and this
is just cool I caught my teeth in it
don't just keep my mouth closed and let
it soak in for ten minutes I might eat
for really smooth after and they they
look super white because of the baking
soda sorry this is horrible to do while
talking just got me more horrible mm-hmm
so you make the toothpaste but once you
actually push your teeth with I use this
guy this is the adaptil Pro le sonic
toothbrush and it is absolutely
fantastic I've been using this for just
over three months four months and I have
noticed a huge change in my teeth after
I use it every time it feels as though
you've gone in for a professional clean
it's just it this is like the
rolls-royce of electric toothbrushes I'm
not even joking my mama daddy's and
oral-b
and I've now gotten them on this as well
both of them have the my mom and dad
have this tube brush as well so we'll go
through what actually make this better
than the other ones that I've used in
the past and so it's got three brushing
actions the first one is called pulse
you can hear that the next one is clean
so this is just like the normal everyday
sort of one that I use save for not a
music festival and you couldn't find
your toothbrush and your teeth are
seriously grimy or you've eaten
something like toffee and you really
need to get them clean I use this one
it's called dazzle - the way this
frequency has gone up so like every
other tube brush this bit comes off but
this is what sets it apart it's got this
like pot but it comes in it's like a
travel case and the toothbrush head goes
in here and then the toothbrush body
itself goes in there close it and you
can put it away in your bag but not just
laughs if you see it's got like a you
be poured there so you can plug it in
and charge your toothbrush from your
laptop or from the wall whatever you
want to do which is cool and in case you
didn't know that manual toothbrush I
think you can brush your teeth up to 120
or 150 times a minute that's back and
forth motions this guy will brush back
and forth and pulsate 40,000 times in
one minute and obviously that's going to
be a better clean and it's way way more
hygienic you know like a normal
toothbrush you can find e.coli you can
find all sorts of nasty nasty bacteria
growing on that toothbrush because it's
wet and it's warm and it's full of food
particles so just have to make it a bit
darker in here to show you and what
they've done is to kill bacteria that
lives on the brush head they put UV
lights do you see them glowing in there
inside the travel place so when it's
plugged in and while you're sleeping or
whatever you're doing it's killing and
sanitizing the portion so when you open
it yeah it's all it's all off it's still
charging you can see it's charging the
brush there but when you close it okay
okay I'll stop I could do that alright
so it's safe to say I love it I've got a
whole family using it now and you know
that I never ever promote anything on
this channel unless I've tried it myself
and make sure it actually works and then
if I do really like it I'll bring it to
you but I won't just bring it to you and
they the recommended retail price of
this is $250 and they offered me
something like 50% of the brush for you
but I said no that's a good enough so
we've got 70% off which comes to I did
the mat I did the matter you're on 60 to
$50 it ships all over the world and you
know I think you'll thank me when you
see the results that you get from this
after just a couple of weeks your teeth
are going to be so much brighter so much
whiter and shinier so if you like the
sound of the brush and you want to give
it a go all you have to do to get that
discount is use the promo code RK tooth
and the link that you need is then in
the description below please please
please if you do decide to go for it and
send me your tweets your
pictures let me know what you thought of
it your own review of the brush and I'll
be sharing them on my own social media
just so that everyone knows how great
the thing is or if you didn't like it
why you didn't like it I'm sure you will
though we're going to move on to my
final product that I use am about two or
three times a week raw coconut oil I
can't tell you how much this has changed
my oral health
so the first time I heard about it was
and Gweneth Paltrow I wrote about it on
her website goop and a lot of people say
oh she's just a hippie it makes no sense
well I'll tell you a lot of this stuff
on her website is nonsense but this is
one thing that I've researched and I've
tried and it actually works so number
one coconut oil is naturally antifungal
antibacterial anti-inflammatory so if
anything it's going to completely strip
your mouth of all of those damaging
bacteria and it's going to give you
lovely naturally fresh breath it's also
going to give you a reason to stop using
harsh chemicals in your mouth like the
alcohols you find in most math washes
because this is just natural and does
the exact same job and how does it make
a teeth whiter I hear you ask well it's
got a thing in it called lauric acid or
lauric I don't know how to pronounce it
but it basically dissolves the compounds
and the various different bacterias that
cause your teeth to go yellow so what I
do is I get like a heat tablespoon full
about that much I use more than some of
my friends use but I just I want to make
sure it's working and I just put it in
my mouth and I know it looks disgusting
but it's just like grease after about 30
seconds it's completely melted into a
liquid and then swish swish swish
back and forth for ten or fifteen
minutes sounds like a long time but you
get used to what I actually do while I'm
in the shower so it's not wasting any
time and then after the 15 minutes I
spit it out into a bin and not tend to
think because it can clog your sink into
a bin or trash can and then after about
three weeks it does take about three
weeks as it comes to the gentle
whitening process you really really see
teeth go unbelievably white like as
white as they would go if you went for a
professional clean in a dentist's clinic
it's not just whiteness that you get
from using coconut oil but also the
appearance of each tooth is so much
shinier because it coats the tooth in
the oil so you've got this beautiful
sort of gliding glass feel over the
teeth they're shinier they're whiter but
also you're helping your gums of course
you want to see me do it oh yeah okay go
yep a woman talk about me god only knows
what you think I have in my mouth
okay so just select move it around back
and if you like coconuts
this is the best one because you really
taste the coconut so we're about thirty
packings
in and all liquid look so if you use all
three of those tricks you're gonna have
very healthy very strong amazing teeth
that are going to be white and shiny and
if you're still wondering rehab that
sounds like a lot of work oh my god well
just take it from me I'm 25 years old
I've absolutely no fillings I've no
cavities my teeth aren't sensitive at
all if the coconut oil helps with
sensitivity as well and in my opinion
they're quite white and they could be a
little bit lighter maybe I don't know
but they look naturally white and not
fake and yeah please try those things
let me know what you think and if you've
got your own little remedies or things
that you use I want to know what they
are down in the comments below we can
share our own tips and thank you so much
the Bantu planet for sponsoring this
video again if you want that brush the
dazzle Pro all of the information you
need to stand below and to get that 70%
discount thank you for watching guys I
will have another video for you in a
couple of days Olivia bye if you open
that which I guess I couldn't but do it
it's not really anything there decides
no just the whole I guess Wow is the
holes Wow really goes hold so miss
