hi ireon welcome back to my channel this
is my lovely friend Arielle hey and we
know each other from Twitter and stuff
but we've never met in person until
today and we're in lovely Los Angeles
and I thought you know what better way
to celebrate having to show each other
our bits yeah undressed in front of the
opposite sex is gonna be really
interesting know like look it comes down
to one thing in school my sex education
was essentially vagina penis and they're
like nothing else there are parts of a
woman's body that I don't I don't know
how it works I don't know what it's for
I don't know where I don't even know
educate a lot of gay men have this like
phobia of the V right off the food food
and it's not that scary
no it's just a funny part you're not
gonna get lost in there it's not that
well I'm not touching it no you're not
gonna touch it and you're not touching
mine no I don't want to touch yours so
on my channel I'm gonna be taking a look
at Ariel's vagina and she's going to be
telling me the inner and outer workings
and on my channel this is a public
service yeah this is sex education done
the right way
there you go this is such a big deal for
me because I have a lot of insecurities
with the way I look down there oh well
how does it look
you're gonna boy if you know and you can
tell you know and you can tell how it
looks even without looking at it and
right now I can tell you it is like yeah
I mean I guess I'm gonna have to take
two layers of clothing here's the first
I'm like oh it's fine I don't like I'm
literally friends forever I'm nervous
for you because I know I'm about to do
the same thing yeah but yours is easy
no because all of your stuff is inside
mine is outside not all of its inside a
lot of it sucks okay see I'm already
learning and we don't have to edit well
cuz until you tell me to look down I
know not just don't don't move your arm
cuz it's blocking right now alright the
underwear off so everybody knows I'm not
looking down yet it's really through
whoa it's pretty Shaymin
no hair it is pretty is it
Pope I don't pull the and towel back I
don't know if it's really pretty but it
is it look gross there's more going on
than I expected it's it's there's a lot
of more labia than you would see in porn
okay because a lot of porn actresses
actually have labiaplasty yeah okay no
way remove it yes this is what a normal
not that there's such thing isn't Oh
Medina but this is what a typical diner
yes
REO absolutely no hair there's no hair I
shaved and I have laser hair removal
okay but that's my choice do the labia
are they for anything what's it for I
just protection is I mean they're
supposed to have some sensitivity but
mine don't really have that much Timmy
yeah almost I can open it up all my
sensitivity is it gonna be gross to you
know as I said this is just kind of time
when I'd touch myself is that Alright
it's clean I'm so fascinated all right
so if you this is this is whiticus under
here oh you see the little dot that's
that is literally that little dot right
there oh my god it's really I've never
seen it before
it's really really small and it's pretty
low I thought it was way up high really
no cuz your penis is like up here and
looks like the hood this is nothing to
cover I heard about the hood yep
that's the cup brick is it so make sense
pull it back
yeah so that's like a lady foreskin I
guess it is I never thought of it that
way but I guess it is yeah
and then what fuck it below it this is
just lips labia
this is a labia and then if you open
that which I guess I could add but do it
hey sex you have to go in there so
that's the if you want to have that kind
of intercourse ho yes evil is below the
clip or above the clinic again if
someone puts something into the people
ho I don't want to know how big is it
it's like like yours
Oh your reach right yeah that's a will
die it's not anywhere near the other
hole the other hole is completely in the
other office area okay I have when does
the end it ends with your butthole your
butthole yeah I don't want to see that
but it's like right there yeah remove
your hand for a second can you see my
perfectly pretty huh you it's beautiful
it's a beautiful thing I'm sorry whoa
boom I'm not sorry but my hand stuff I
don't care it's clean I took a shower
yeah you're gonna be surprised by the
boy ones it's very different
yeah well fuck it's my turn ha ha ha my
lunch a chick with my visor
yeah get dressed alright okay so and
thanks for watching all of our reals and
social media and all the bad stuff is
down below make sure you subscribe to
both of us and if you do want to see the
other video it's gonna be over on her
Channel yeah go watch it
okay I'm sweating right ready okay love
you guys bye
love you guys bye I'm doing 100 coats of
fake tan
that's one oh my god
