ah hi to you it's me
this video is not fun but it's also not
depressing I will not let it be
depressing it's somewhere between the
two now it's just real that's what a
doctor will call it so just a real video
and as you can tell by B title I got
dumped there's no two ways about it and
it feels happened to about two days
ago and if I'm honest it feels just as
 then as it does now it's just a
slightly different type of and and
and the reason I make new videos cuz I
like in my despair the moment that
happened I tweeted saying I was
heartbroken and then everyone's like
what happened like give me give me the
actual details so here's here's the kind
of rundown of what happened about three
months ago I was like Jinhua I'm ready
I'm ready for a boyfriend or married
today I'm ready for like romance and and
companionship and company great so I
went on a dating app and like the first
day I started talking to this guy we
decided let's just meet up now do you
send great and I looked at him and I
just thought holy
he is cute I want it I wanna like be
around him I wanna look after him want
him to look after me it's really just
like them and that first week when we
met we spend five days together five
days straight it wasn't like oh gonna
take this we've gone a date that week
five days so I got I feel like I got to
know him really well that first week and
then we started me nope and once or
twice a week thereafter for three and a
half months and although I kept seeing
him and I really liked him and I felt
like I was getting to know more I still
felt like he had this weird barrier up
that was blocking me from fully getting
in no dirty thoughts of you it's all you
not me wouldn't let me into his world
because I would see him around his
friends and he'd be like this ha ha ha
ha ha happy fun guy
and then he'd be around me and although
he'd be happy he was very reserved and
not like giving me the full column I
call him Dan the full band man's not his
real name um so because he would kill me
if I use his real name
so anyway I'll fast forward to the night
and he came over here and we decided we
go for dinner and I could feel that he
was being a little bit like distant are
cold and and he does the thing where
he's like sassy
you know like bitchy but in a funny way
and I always go hahahaha please be nice
to me please just be nice cuz I like I
could be sassy and fun too but when it's
all the time I'm like okay just want a
real person you know um so anyway he was
being a little bit distant we went for
dinner and I just said to him look I
really really like you and I don't want
to not have you around but I can send
something here so maybe we'll just like
date for a little while longer and maybe
when you're ready we can decide to make
it more official I'm cool with waiting
around or doing whatever you want to do
I just want to know like what what's on
your mind what do you think but he
didn't really respond to me when I said
that so I was like okay do you've
anything to say to me about this and
then he just like well you know and he
just wouldn't like say it and I was like
anything you want to say just please be
honest with me go for it and um he
basically said the last couple of times
I've seen you I don't feel I don't
oppose the word please
I don't feel drawn to you I was like
what drawn you mean we don't feel drawn
to me because I'm being too forward or
like you're you're like got you got
stuff going on in your life and he goes
I'm I just don't feel with you the way I
felt with my ex and I don't feel what
you will now what I felt with you at the
start when we started going out and
basically what he meant was then the
penny dropped is I'm not attracted to
you
more sexually like whoa that's hard to
hear and when you hear that what you
then transform that into is Riyadh
you're ugly you're ugly you're ugly and
also if he had said to me Riyadh you're
being too forward Riyadh stop doing this
thing or that thing um or you need to
text me more I could totally change all
of those things this this I can't change
this is me I was literally born like
this so when I heard that I was like
 this is it
so he was like um I hope you understand
do you get where I'm coming from it's
not that I don't want to be around you
anymore I just don't feel the urge to
you know touch you or kiss you and you
said I know I know that when you kiss me
you can feel me and being distant and
then I was like oh my god yeah when I
kissed him that evening he was like all
rigid and stiff and I was like touching
the back of his head in the car and he
was not like you know responding It was
as if I was just touching like a drug
type of puppy you just didn't want to be
touched so and I'm very tactile and I'm
very upfront about everything I
literally what you see is what you get
so then he was like oh my god your face
he looked like you've just been slapped
he looks so upset and I think no no I'm
fine inside I was screaming I was like
what do i do what do i do I still have
like this meal to finish I've got this
drink to finish he's gonna bring me home
in his car and I just I get a hell did
together and I was like everything's
fine Ben I totally understand and thank
you for being honest and I still mean
that
like he didn't have to be the hummus he
could have ghosted me and texted me on
and off and left me to be like guessing
and wondering why has he left why is he
not contacting me but he didn't he was
upfront which is commendable still
hurtful so then I went in the car with
him home up here which is like a
10-minute Drive and he was like claiming
he's like pop songs and dancing then in
the car and trying to like pretend
nothing had happened and I was like how
could I possibly be like hey woohoo
let's start the stance to some ariana
grande it's not gonna happen and like he
kept like looking over checking up on me
and I was just like trying to be mm-hmm
and then we parked up right there and I
could see he was like trying to get out
of the car to come into the apartment
and it's like the last thing I needed it
was for him to be around me because I
felt unwanted unattractive or needed so
like don't just come to me because you
feel you know bad for me I prefer to
probably just be alone and so when you
try to get a seatbelt off I put my hand
on his wrist and I was like I think I
just need to be alone tonight and then
as I said those words I just burst that
crying
I like ugly crying and I can no Riya
stop and he goes oh are you okay and he
tried to like hug me and having no no no
don't you make it worse that I just
started everything I tried to say I was
trying to say through tears I was like
oh I said I'm just in a really delicate
place right now I just I I feel really
lonely and I don't know what to say to
you which is true I am feeling lonely
because London is a beautiful city but
it's big and it can be a bit cold and
you can feel a bit insignificant
especially when you leave your family
and your mates at home
and but with that I just gave him a kiss
on the cheek and I said goodbye which is
like horrible and dramatic shift looking
movie and then I walked out and I I
tried to like walk as composed as
possible back to my door because I knew
he was watching me from behind and I
came in and I had the lights off and I
could see in the distance he parked out
there for 15 minutes just sitting in the
car and half of me was like please
please just run out of your car come to
me into my arms and tell me you had made
a mistake and you love me that's on it I
was like do it come on come on and then
the other half of me was like please
 off just leave me alone anyway he
did the latter he drove me drove away
after a while and I yeah and I just had
a really sad night here alone and I I
watched like TV and I texts a couple of
friends and I tweeted you guys which in
hindsight I probably shouldn't have done
boy the reason I did is cuz you're so
you're just always there when goes
wrong I don't think you understand a lot
of youtubers say this they go oh you
guys you're always there for me you're
always so supportive like in a moment
like that when I can tweet to say hey
guys I'm feeling a bit I'm
heartbroken which is liking what I said
and you were just great you really were
you helped so thank you for that you are
literally like my online family and so
right now I am back on the market
I just feel like maybe I was too up
front to available too nice to
like pretend II boyfriendy and always
like you know supportive it like I don't
play the game I'm 25 years old and I'm
just sick of having to play the game you
know where you have to second-guess when
you're sending a text
oh maybe I should leave him wait for a
few hours let him simmer oh maybe I
should not put an axe at the end of that
texture maybe I should then I should
pretend I'm dating other people to keep
him honest oh all these games
I'm done with it
I did it before and it doesn't work it
just makes your head go on a loop to
loop and second-guess yourself and where
you are on what you want and they are
none the wiser either so everyone's left
in the dark I just but it's it just
seemed now after this happened it's like
so playing the game doesn't work but
then also being 100% yourself doesn't
work but I'm gonna stick to the second
one and then be myself that's the update
um so you can apply for the position of
boyfriend down below and one-one joking
like look I I know he'll still be in my
life somehow I don't maybe as a friend
down the line but Ben you know who you
are thank you so much for those lovely
three and a half months it was fun it
was it was interesting I learned stuff
about myself during it which I thought I
already knew but I didn't and I think
you're gonna have a lovely life in the
new direction that you're going in and
yeah I think that you will find someone
that you like and that does make you
feel drawn to them and it is important
if you're drawn to someone otherwise
you're just lying to yourself so yeah
that's that Deveny
weird horrible breakup stories about
heartbreak how did that make you feel um
you know the feeling I'm sure it's like
once that happens you can't do anything
to get rid of it you just have to let it
run its course
you just got to battle through it like a
cold and it will just get less and less
and less intense and less painful and I
am hashtag husband girls just saying I
know I am
so thank you for your support again and
and please leave absolutely no hate
about him down below because he's a good
guy and and he's an honest guy so and we
don't want any of that I love you guys I
genuinely mean it you're always there
and and this is just part of the story
of my life this is just part of the
journey and how lovely will it be when I
find my my my lover my boyfriend that in
five six seven years even a year's time
I can look back in this video and go wow
a lot has changed since then so um words
and upwards and I will chat to you in a
couple of days with a happy video a
funny video good have a lovely evening
morning or afternoon wherever you are
bye
