first of all this video is completely
unplanned hence the ridiculous set off
there's no lights I'm using natural
light how organic off me I'm making this
because this just arrived and I'm 99.85%
sure that this is my plaque for 100,000
subscribers to a direct from YouTube
I've been waiting for it for six months
I want to open it and show you me on
boxing it but also and after that I'm
just going to tell you I guess in my
opinion how this incredible thing
happened and maybe you could get a bit
of advice for your channel get a bit of
inspiration whatever you want to take
from it you can well I'm just so excited
you've no idea how long I've dreamt of
this moment it took me don't put the
knife to your face you idiot
I've been on YouTube since 2008 so this
is a pretty big moment for me and
personal moment because I'm one of those
kids that one nothing in school
you know those races and and sports day
and all nothing nothing I got the little
medal that every kid got oh well done
for taking part well now I got this
bitch I don't him damage it what wait
what were you do I start okay this right
and then here it's one of those things I
want to like savor it
oh my god
okay I see this before this is
definitely it this is definitely it
together so this is a letter from the
CEO of YouTube she says you've just done
something very few YouTube creators
accomplished you had an astonishing
100,000 people subscribe to your channel
we know numbers on YouTube can get
really big but we hope you don't lose
sight of the reality behind the six
digit milestone each and every person
who will subscribe to your channel was
touched by what you did they were
inspired or challenged or entertained
you made it to this milestone with hard
work perseverance and chances are a
healthy sense of humor what you've
accomplished can't be taken away from
you and we'd like to recognize you and
all your hard work with this silver play
button a small token of our esteem and
respect believe us when we say that we
can't wait to see what you do next a
million subscribers may seem a long way
off right now but you're closer than you
think and we're rooting for you
congratulations
season parry moment of truth Oh God
oh my god oh oh my oh my oh my I'm
shaking oh this is so emotional why is
it moving I don't know
should have react oh look at that it's
so cute
oh you see yourself in the reflection
okay so it says congratulations for
surpassing 100,000 subscribers and then
my name there could we just do a just
take this in for a second you didn't
come here just to see me be happy and
open this up and be oh wow what I wanted
to say all the cliche thank
you so much for being one of those
people that has hit subscribed and that
has made this passion of mine into a
dream come true and into a job numbers
are not everything as Susan said and
that we don't do it just for numbers we
do it in order to allow us to keep doing
it my channel started in 2008 I did it
for about six to nine months when I was
a kid like 16 years old and that I left
it my channel was there by itself now
I'm watching it for seven years I didn't
go near him I was getting a lot of abuse
and bullying online and then a year and
a half ago I came back and I went from
one person subscribers to over 100,000
subscribers
hence this award and now as I'm talking
to you and I checked this morning I'm up
to 175 thousand subscribers that's
75,000 happened in the last six months
it is incredible what happens when you
just put your mind to it and keep on
putting amazing inspiring content that
you love out there for the world to see
so if you're a new youtuber if you've
been on the site for a while and you're
trying to build your following I just
say keep making content number one keep
making content you love because you'll
still you'll just stop if you're not
enjoying what you're making
stuff that you're proud of one year two
years three years down the line are you
gonna look back on those videos and go
they were really good so put time effort
and energy into your ideas the ideas are
the key and they're gonna keep people
coming back they're gonna get people to
share your stuff when you put a video up
there and it gets ridiculously low views
don't be disheartened it happens to all
of us but it's about the videos in
between but really scream you the fight
is called YouTube for a reason it's not
television where things are polished and
prepared and rehearsed we're here
because we are just raw normal people so
let people into your life share the gold
share the bad share the exciting amazing
moments another hugely important thing
YouTube is a community get involved go
to the conference's go through the
conventions try and get on two panels
and make friends you tubers that are of
your size or that are not of your size
just make friends with people who do
what you do and be inspired by them I am
inspired every day by other creators
some that I'm friends with some that
I'll probably never meet in my life but
I watch their stuff when I go yes that
is why I'm here that is why I decided
that YouTube should be my home there are
not many platforms in the world or not
many places in the world where you can
literally do what you want creatively
you don't have to ask permission you
don't have to run an idea past someone
you just make it happen
YouTube could set all the all
the crap and all of the powerful people
that will say no no no no no you can't
do that thing that you want to do but
actually you can and you can do it
better than they thought you could ever
do so just keep making videos find your
voice be yourself make friends commit to
it it won't be overnight but if you keep
at it it will just keep growing for you
thank you again for this and thank you
to the new 75,000 that have joined us in
and I'm so excited about the next
milestone and eventually reaching who
knows what it will happen if it happens
in five years of ten years I don't care
I'm happy right now and thank you for
allowing me to do this as a living love
you so much
see you in a couple of days bye Shh we
have a 20-second tutorial on how to be
crazy okay here you go I want to see you
do it I'm going to tell you what to do
coaching you through coaching you tell
me so tell me some more
I think just something you love
desperately will now get more exciting
more more MORE there you go
