doing Hannah Witton sound like it's your
first time
hi Ariane welcome back to my channel and
look who this is this juicy sexy
voluptuous fertile v-rod female her name
is Hannah Witton she's a very good
YouTube friend of mine I love her and
she's here because I said you know what
Hannah there is nothing like a little
bit of reading mean comments for my
YouTube channels bran doesn't bring us
back down to earth our egos are just
like way way tonight Hannah has chosen
comments for my channel I have not seen
and I have chosen a bunch of comments
from her channel that she has not seen
and we're just gonna read them to each
other
let's go so this person has just said
disgusting homosexual but they're
whereas reply to it
disgusting homophobe Oh what was her
name um Michael Michael McCain Michael
McCain poor legend Oh wah wah ha ha you
sad prick I like that one straight
that's a good one this is just what the
world needs
and then the fag wanting to be a fag and
crying about something like WTF gallopin
go kill yourself huh well I'm sorry I'm
sticking around good I'm glad I'm
looking around for quite a while I've
been with many more videos to piss you
off
uh-huh prick fuck you oh yeah talk funny
and you dress weird yeah not feed him
earlier he actually was dressed quite
weird earlier but that's because you
arrived early and I wasn't ready I was
just fucking around the head I blame you
from me looking weird you knew what time
I was arriving and you weren't prepared
I had to touch myself before you arrived
well I touched myself before it right
and just till a faggot
hotpoint for observation well done this
is one that I was surprised to find on
your channel because it was it felt like
it belonged on my channel attention
seeking slut right here I drink all this
look I've never been called a slut in my
life into the club I've never heard of a
slut who hasn't had sex in two months so
you've not had sex in two months and a
half I thought you had sex inside a it
was Oh everything I go it no no no no it
was a month and a half before Saturday
okay just like looking at straws here oh
my god
Jesus Christ has commented on one of
your videos the actual Jesus cries I
mean it's not a verified account but
like I trust Jesus it's our Lord our
Savior what has Jesus says Jesus doesn't
have time for gay people oh I kind of
think Jesus was okay controversial right
so here's the thing he's surrounded
himself as men all of his mates were men
it one female friend two female friends
his mother and a prostitute
yeah and safer drink was red wine he was
just like hey gentlemen friends of mine
run my body drink my glory let's not put
us in the Christians are gonna
conference i those of my mates of
christians I'm just sayin I'm Jewish and
I know all the comments gonna be like
you killed him wasn't me wait are you
Catholic your Irish new Catholic you
offended I'm so sorry as if I was
brought up a Catholic in that I was like
mmm
you seriously gay man why don't you just
find a hot chick out there will you be
my hot chick I mean if you ever need to
pretend to be straight I'll be here for
you okay can we pretend to be straight
right now
mmm oh we don't want to kiss you ah do
it dear
I'm doing Hannah Witton felt like it's
your first time
okay so you got my money boy and he
wants it it's so soft supple I'm like
yesterday I like the lipstick as well
where's your stubble
listen it's double Oh II don't like Shh
I don't like it let's try again there
you go again oh my god we need tongue
I'm not tonguing you I'm Camp a little
bit okay I gotta tell you at home truth
I'm Saturday evening I was no no no no
no that one will have to stay for
another time right this is my favorite I
think this is all caps okay gay ass
faggots
biggest nose na or I don't know if
that's like really but it could be
biggest nose now
yeah great GoPro Falcon pretty more yeah
and I'm the one that's Jewish oh oh
that's all of yours okay great I'm
really nervous that it's my turn oh
he'll get ready for a treat I love you
know how you thought that your pattern
would be big nose and gay yeah why do
you think yours is big tits and a slut
fucking ready let's do it so sorry to
say but her left eyebrow actually has a
hole and it distracts me a lot um I just
fat left eyebrow I don't know can you
yeah not in what is it chicken pox scar
from when I on a puppy it makes you look
so ugly nah ha ha ha
this video is cancer to be honest oh my
come on does that mean I'm I don't even
know what it means I mean like I want to
see your scientific research behind that
this person says you are truly an idiot
great so this is a from a collaboration
you did with Melanie Murphy they say
slappers get off the internet with your
shitty advice yeah
that's what she has to say to that in
conclusion impression is given that she
can't keep her leg shut once again
you're speaking truth
youtubers are getting really desperate
man I mean look at that little dog this
was talking about you bitch
yeah no bit likes of you but everybody
this is my favorite one okay she oh wait
I need to buff again
hey wait there's more yeah oh you are
very good at that you're better than me
congratulations thank you for your
lovely delightful comments we really
appreciate them do we're about to film a
video on my channel we're doing an
episode of drunk advice where we're
gonna drink a bit more and we're going
to answer some of your questions or
things that you need help with and
subscribe to my channel down below I'll
see you in a couple of days bye bye Shh
I'm talking about blackheads the little
bastards for any salicylic acid wash you
want to be Robin into your face in
circular motions for a full 60 seconds
the reason for that is that it takes a
full 60 seconds for the acid to actually
react with the water react with your
skin and get to work
