hi i'm riyadh welcome back to my channel
my lovely friends and today we're doing
a little bit of a skincare tutorial but
in particular I'm talking about
blackheads the little bastards they make
our face look shit if you have massive
pores like me if you've got oily skin
like me you will for sure know what I'm
talking about now I've tried every
single product Under the Sun and you
know they all say blackhead clearing
cleanser and all this bullshit but they
actually don't do anything the ones I
picked out here over the years actually
work now first off what is a blackhead
it's essentially a mixture of oils dead
skin cells and bacteria the club's of a
pore on the surface of your skin and the
outside of that pore had gone black
because it's oxidized its reacted with
the air hence the term blackhead
first things first you get into the
shower what are you washing your face
with I recommend any facial cleanser
that has this specific ingredient you
can write it down I'm also gonna put the
name of it into the description below
salicylic acid salicylic acid yesterday
is an acid for the Sun of harmful after
that's actually good for your skin it
breaks then oil breaks down dirt and
grime and just leave your skin
completely tingly and like a baby's skin
I kind of alternate between two products
you can use these you can use any other
one that you want as long as there is
salicylic acid in it the first one I use
is from a guy called dr. Zen Obagi this
is quite a strong one because my skin is
incredibly oily and I needed something
like that and you can buy it online and
it's pretty good and I think it's got
vitamin E in it as well with your skin
loves the next time I use I mentioned in
a video before M is the Dermalogica
micro foliage it's not as strong but
it's absolutely amazing your skin feels
so smooth and soft and the skin tone the
core of your skin gets very even from
using this as well it comes in a powder
form just put it on your hand make it
into like a lather and then you massage
it into your face for any salicylic acid
wash you want to be Robin into your face
in circular motions for a full 60
seconds the reason for that is that it
takes a full 60 seconds for the acid to
actually react with the water react with
your skin and get to work now for the
main event
this guy's spin for perfect skin I have
talked about this in a video before this
is the same brush that I've been using
for about a year now it is an absolute
lifesaver I use it about once a week and
it's basically just for a deeper clean I
wouldn't use it more than once a week if
I'm honest with you so what I do is I
put that cleanser onto my face like I
normally do the soundless telecasted and
then I come in with the brush while in
the shower it's completely waterproof
and I just go in lovely circular motions
it's taking away all of that dirt dead
skin cells oil and going deep into those
pores to take out those well lubricated
blackheads now after you use this your
skin is just glowing it's bright it's
soft its supple you really see the main
effects today after and I said it before
if they again the massaging effect on
your skin it's bringing oxygen and
nutrient rich blood to the surface of
the skin and that's why your skin just
goes the next day but there's no way I'm
not gonna get a great deal from my
people so I did a little bit of bargain
and in haggling with the guys from the
planet and we have given you a 70%
discount on this boar so all you gotta
do is go down in the description the
link is there use the promo code react
kay and you get that 70 percent off so
$100 you get it for $30 I think shipping
is completely free and that as well like
an unbelievable price and I don't I
haven't even changed the batteries in it
that's I've got it it if you do buy it
and when they start arriving I want your
full reviews tweet me Instagram me send
me private messages let me know what you
think of this stop touching your fucking
face these are full of bacteria
you're touching door handles your
opening cars you're holding on to a pole
on the train
think of the disgusting bacteria that
lives on your fingertips and then you're
just sitting there at the office that he
can just go mmm what the ping ping I was
talking about earlier on oh yeah if you
could add up the amount of times you
touch your face in about 20 minutes
give me self not just blackheads but
also potentially massive big spots just
stop it and the next time you find your
hand coming gently to your face remem
my voice saying just stand easy next
thing clean that pillowcase change it
every five to seven days that's what I
would say you're lying on it you've got
hair products on it the natural oils
from your skin are baked into that
pillowcase and then every night you're
incubating all of that germs all of that
bacteria that came to your face so just
make sure you change that step number
three some people say the best way to
get rid of blackheads is to dry out your
skin absolutely wrong I've spoken to
dermatologists too bad at myself and
it's the opposite you've got a hydrate
your skin in order to lubricate you you
laughs not me okay in order to lubricate
the skin and allow the blackhead to come
out easier there's no there's no
unsexual way to say that that's
hydration from the inside I drink about
three or four of these a day but also
hydration from the outside are you using
a moisturizer I using like a hydrating
gel I recommend something like you don't
want to clog up your skin with a bunch
of oils and something thick and greasy I
use this stuff it's just a very light
gel and with something in it called
hyaluronic acid and it's actually it's
Kier higher on moisture jelly and it's
by a company called indeed and last but
not least our boa your am strips you've
seen these in movies on TV maybe you've
even used them yourself
they're very very simple it's just a
strip inside of foil packaging you get
your skin wet and then you place the
strip onto your skin and then over the
course of about 15 minutes you just let
it sit there it dries up it clings onto
the ends of the blackheads which are
well lubricated and then once the 15
minutes are over you just grab it gently
from the slide pull it across pull it
across pull it across and you'll see all
of those filthy dirty bastards sitting
there on the bureau a strip that you
could just dump into the bin
and if skin feels great so I hope this
video helps you get poor affect skin no
I'm not you're a professional at
cleaning your skin it's very important
that you follow all of those steps I'm
not going to elaborate any no never
thank you for watching and let me know
down in the comments below what products
you use we can all have a chat together
and find out the best solution for
perfect skin make sure you follow me
Twitter Instagram and snapchat as well
hit that subscribe button for more
videos and I will see you in a few days
love ya bye brainwashed to believe that
our worth in this world our future
successes our dreams our hopes their
aspirations and our intelligence all
comes down to one thing a result at the
end of an exam paper bullshit
