nice I know Baker fuck everybody this is
all this is real honey why would the
fuck ever wanna have you hi i'm riyadh
um I'm sure you know who these two
motherfuckers are this is my mom
Lorraine this is my dad Sam and since I
really set up this channel there has
been one reoccurring comments but has
been coming up on every video Twitter
Instagram everywhere which is how did
you come out how did they take it was a
good was a bad so I knew from the start
that the process of mom finding out and
that finding out was going to be
completely different because mom I was
brought up in like a pretty Catholic
family here in Ireland in Dublin and
then dad was brought up in in Iraq and
with a completely different culture and
sometimes can be a little bit
closed-minded over there
so it was like what is gonna happen I
don't know I was about 13 14 and that's
when I started to see myself looking at
the other boys in in my class and
thinking oh god oh god what is going on
I'm not meant to feel this way about
other guys I meant to be attracted to
girls but I wasn't over time you
eventually commit to yourself you sit
down your belies sat down in my bedroom
at my time in the dark and just said to
myself okay doesn't you can do about
this you are gay after about four years
of battling with it am I am I not then
came time to eventually tell these two
the most important to to tell what you
told mom first I did tell mum first well
book didn't tell oh no well I always
kind of had a feeling but I didn't want
to put a label on Riyadh or just Riyadh
a three-edged and she was different to
the other boys bush that was just my son
and I just thought that's the way is and
but there was one night I was up on the
computer and I wasn't very good and I
pressed a button and I must have been
the history button and I saw this gay
website and come on you got a shock was
a torn no it's just all these guys at
their tops off and Townsend and I had
gay written under title and I taught all
and I just I was very innocent I just
broke games into
and then I started panicking I just
thought oh yes he is he is it was like
confirmation of my little thing in my
head that I thought he might be I think
I was 16
what six sixteen yeah so the first
person I told off was to ring my mom so
I ran out into the back garden and I
went into the shed did you I didn't know
this bit did you no okay
I said reacts gay and I was crying and I
was really upset and and she said OSHA
for God's sake I knew that years ago I
was like did she like I just couldn't
believe why were you crying I was crying
because firstly I thought oh the per
child he's holding dis ahlian and he's
afraid to tell me and I felt upset that
you couldn't come to me and just say it
because you know you can say unto me and
then thirdly I was thinking fuck what's
I'm gonna think because I know he had no
idea that you were gay no never came
across his mind I never mentioned it to
him that I had this feeling the most
important thing at that time was to go
into you in the living room so I
remember I walked into the living room
and I dried my tears and whatever and I
said to you you were watching TV and I
said Riyad do you have something to say
to me god I remember and you you just
don't wash and I said you know you can
say anything to me I love you it doesn't
matter what I said I don't want you to
be holding things in and then the penny
drops you can tell me anything
I remember you're just putting your face
in your hands and you held your face in
your hands for so long and then we
started crying and it was when you cried
I knew I was right we were label we're
open till like 4:00 in the morning yeah
talking like you were so understanding
bullying you I could tell I could see it
in your eyes we were terrified panic
over that it was a nine-month gap
between when I told mom and then when I
told that Nova those like nine months I
grew further and further away from you
know mother Douglas yeah and I just
found more and more like you're so
annoying get away from me I hate I hated
being in your company walk into a room I
clam up and I get tense and I didn't
realize it was because I was
empting what your reaction might be I'm
trying to protect myself to distance
myself from you emotionally which is a
horrible thing to do there was a rally I
don't know what it was over but it was
like way over the top
it shouldn't have been had escalated
that much and we know it's often very
small Japan I know yeah I just ran out
of the house and I was so worried and I
ran after him and and I ran around them
you hurt your ankle
I tripped and I hurt my ankle I'm after
the hastened and I was choirs Saint Sam
and then we were looking for him and
they're nice it's time we have to find
you had to find him and then eventually
you went it and I think was a bit a mile
away you want and and we found him yeah
he was sickly cry and that's when I said
I'd such a Riyadh look this can't go on
any longer you just have to let he was
so frustrated your head that's melted
ruthless yeah I said we got I can't do
this anymore
and I just went out and I said you have
to say it and she said it out loud in
front of him and I was like shut up shut
up shut up stop you guys you have to
tell him something I'm like I think I'm
saying telling you have to tell ya um
what were you thinking when she said
that I don't know I don't know it just
was such a shock I don't know what you
did I'm still waiting to see what it is
tell me I remember my brain screaming at
me saying say those two words I'm gay
just say and my mouth wouldn't do just
wouldn't fucking make the words no
matter how hard I tried and I never felt
paralyzed absolutely paralyzed
physically and verbally just couldn't do
anything and then I pull over and one of
my schoolbooks and I repaid the back
page of it and I have a pen and I write
on it I'm gay
and so I just cuz I can't say the words
I just slide it across the table to you
and then I go I just leave it there and
I'm like looking away and then what no
just read it and it's like waiting to
sink in
I was like really no it can't be is it
buddy see it just so confused is this
confusing yeah yeah cuz somebody just
makes you pine you know then you're not
read except specks in it and then you be
thinking what to do and then the family
and all that in it but if you think
about really is just cheap I think to be
honest associate what I'm thinking is
for every father every mother that they
love that kid they have to stand by them
because the only one who's gonna start
by you is you okay in the end
yeah Nina won't be there for you oh
that's my family is for you no no I just
uh we gonna have to add it that well I
remember it was it was tough for you and
I know Andrew our next door neighbor
Kalyn oh yeah and I'm very helpful
Andrew took your advice
cuz you were crying yeah and really
looking now is so stupid so so I look I
feel so silly no no no it is it is so
silly no I well I felt out of town but
think about it now Lorraine is stupid I
was like a drama and I remember I
actually got up that night at we all
want to sleep I think what three four
o'clock in the morning sit in the deck
and I was looking for tablet for me so
sorry that's
dad why did you do that
no that's what I say it was so stupid no
lady yeah I know you were thinking about
it but I didn't know you actual oh I was
I was Oh Noah isn't it great that you're
being so honest and look at you now look
at you're the best dad in the fucking
world I mean you are the best imagine if
you had this on that stupid that would
have been you want to be here now with
us yeah and all because of a few fucking
dickheads with opinions that you were
afraid of yeah and we don't have her
there no no no I don't care I don't care
it's all about the sauce and the family
like I said you know if I feel sick or
anything you won't get anybody or next
to my bed you know just chill more into
me just ring yes I hope you take the
plane from one night to come back oh my
god oh god there's no communication they
said we have to solve sit and talk but
you know there's a lot of people gonna
be come out from now to God knows where
they need to be helped and it's gonna be
normal but when you want to come out to
your parents doesn't matter who is it if
it let's say the mother or the father
that you're closer to and you could
trust and then they could listen to you
and just tell them gently and then the
other person would tell the other person
gently the father or mother the opposite
one so at least that you don't hit them
in the face to give them shock line or
the shock I go I can't let it go I am
gay react react oh I am gay and then
after Sam had read his notes and one day
I want to come home and I want to bring
my boyfriend here and I'm gonna have
dinner and I'm gonna have a husband I
gotta get married and gonna have to
change to the man I think you did very
janky just because he had held
everything in he just exploded with all
of it on a bun in the space of five
minutes
you can't expect five minutes five days
five weeks and a complete turnaround
yeah so let me just tell you that if we
can go from where we
were to where we are now which is just a
completely different place then you can
- I mean I've never seen a turnaround in
two parents as much as these two we talk
about everything everything like we
actually talk about too much a little
bit over the time is everything both of
them have come with me to gain night
clubs like six seven eight nine ten
times we have gone to gay pride marches
they were at the front of the parade for
my two years no idea we've done four
years have you done right yeah yeah they
bring like drinks and plastic boxes
rectum party with everyone are they're
lovely people they know yeah they would
always think of gay are sleazy or some
but they are really nice and you could
trust and they're lovely people and they
stick together they're lovely community
I wouldn't change what we have for
anything because it's given me an
insight to a whole different world and I
always wanted a daughter I feel like I
have a daughter would have both I guess
I have the festival there are
stereotypes there but he gives it boom
yeah but sure if I feel blessed that
we've had this experience well guys I
hope this helped in some way if you've
got someone that's gone through some
difficult time coming out send this to
them hopefully it will help them too and
make sure you subscribe at like the
video - I will see you next week
you ready yeah come here I haven't
watched it in seven years you're kidding
you're kidding haha we are sheesh
