hi i'm riyadh and welcome back to my
channel if this is your first time here
get in there and hit that subscribe
button promise you it'll be worth it
and what am i doing today well let's
just say I'm getting instagram
superstars to alter my face to make it
better why am I doing this well a couple
weeks ago I took a picture with an
Instagram person that I know once I saw
the picture they had altered my face to
the point that I feel like I looked like
me I didn't recognize that my heater and
furnace and don't get me wrong I am one
of the worst people when it comes to
heavy filtering on a picture book beyond
the filter I don't really do anything
else so I thought right this is a fun
experiment I got for Instagram stars
from various parts of the world and one
of which I know three of which I don't
know and I said hey guys here is a raw
unedited unmodified selfie of me that
these people have been told go out do
what you want to use whatever filters
apps modification tools that you want to
use and in particular I said what would
you do to my face that you would do to
your own face in order to get more likes
on Instagram yes not only that they send
the pictures back but also a bullet
pointed so the breakdown of what each of
them did to each picture and why they
did it all of these people and got to
remain anonymous if I named them then
they were definitely going to not be
completely honest with how they edited
the picture okay picture number one holy
 it's pretty obvious when she's done
first of all and she's enlarged and
feminized my eyes and she is a girl at
the end of the day this is what she
would do my forehead and nose have been
smoothened redness on my nose has been
toned down with a filter I'm getting red
just talking about this feels really
like Georgie I asked for though and
exposure has been turned up to minimize
imperfections wow I look a bit like et
or yeah I do look I look
extraterrestrial Cheers
picture number two this is also from a
girl she whitened my eyes cheekbones
have been enhanced
so she's literally brought brought them
and skin has been smooth and all over
and she said not just all over with the
chest the shoulders and even my hair she
has smooth
my hair to make it look less plastic and
stiff chin balanced chin balance okay my
right side of my chin is slightly larger
or lower than the other side number
three I literally look like Joan Rivers
first ballpoint nose has been feminized
yeah you can say that again Jesus Christ
yeah I have a big nose my dad is from
the Middle East lips have been enlarged
so this one is obviously someone who's
making it is doing what she would do to
herself at the woman for face smoothened
and then my jaw and chin has been pulled
back okay moving on to our only boy okay
just looking at this by itself I don't
really notice much of a difference
but then when I put them side-by-side
okay so he's on the opposite of the last
one he's made my face more masculine
he's given me a larger wider chin
sharper jawline fuller shoulders okay
yeah I'm he's literally given me three
months in the gym holy does this happen
all the time filter to bring down the
redness okay Jesus we get it guys I have
redness oh and he's only smooth and one
part of my face which is my nose again
whores wow wow wow right I mean I don't
know which one do you prefer this
unedited version or these I guess each
to their own whoa at the end of the day
when you walk out of your in house
everyone's gonna see that you don't look
like that so what's the points do what
you want to do it's your Instagram
account and thank you for watching make
sure you do subscribe em I am on
snapchat now make sure you comment below
which picture you fer my legend of the
week is Molly her dog Robin and Molly
sent me snapchat and Twitter picture of
this gorgeous golden retriever look at
that beautiful dog I will chat to you
next week bye shhh okay we Adam just
ready I broke up with ours couple of
hours couple of hours okay bye
