welcome back
hello oh look who it is it's you with me
back together where the fuck have I been
for about two months don't Eve don't
even ask the simple answer is life
happened I left Ireland came to London
got a new job here that was draining all
of my energy and time I've made changes
in the last couple of weeks I've decided
what my priorities are and what I really
really need I'm gonna be making brand
new content right here every week
oh and drinking wine of course so what
better way to get back in touch with one
another than a snapchat Q&A let's begin
a question what is your favorite
youtuber i yeah okay I can't just answer
that in war and I've got two favorite
youtubers right now Casey nice that if
you don't know this guy he is
phenomenally the filmmaker he's a dad
he's really really funny um and um Z
what the heck Miranda sings you can run
to Ireland yes but you're gonna have to
marry an Irish man are you okay with
that some of them can smell funny but
they've got fantastic personalities hey
so since Louise London I've done is
going to UM what's the weirdest thing
someone sent you is I've written some
really really soft yes I have downloaded
not Grindr put a couple of other Dayton
apps and the weirdest thing I've been
sent on them so far are and pictures of
penises do not send me any more dick
pics until I see your fucking face
greatest fear would be burning alive and
or not being able to chase my dream or
both or burning alive while being told I
can't chase my dream why are you so cute
and I love your videos and I love you
like to pose secretly I would say I
appeared the way I appear down to
genetics and my parents thankfully
finding each other and
they actually met here in London and I
wasn't made here in London I was made in
a B&B which is a bed and breakfast for
you Americans and after they watched
Rocky story behind my name so if you
don't know my full name is riad calif i
go by riad k because it is far easier
and i have that name because my dad is
actually from iraq it's a kind of a
common name in that part of the world i
think so i although I'm Irish and half
Iraqi and I grew up in Ireland I've
never even been to Iraq I was given this
lovely exotic name do you like it I did
get him one fight in my life ever a
physical fight I was very well view
years old in school this guy was one of
those people where they you know they
keep like poking you and poking you
trying to get you to to react and yeah I
reacted by slapping him like a little
bitch of like oh stop and but the thing
is he can't like reacted by slapping me
too no.11
it was like an equal match deal with a
fuck-boy by treating them just as they
treat you so if they're only in it for
one thing or if they're like ghosting
you and not texting back well then don't
take them back let's make them want you
don't always be available and you turn
into the football the folk girl did you
either suck my vagina again mmm New York
give me a coffee Jesus Christ what the
fuck is going on LA like a valley girl
oh my god I'm so annoying
I can do like South Carolina because of
haze of cards I hope that you are
enjoying this video because I have
nothing better to be doing right now I
think that's really fucking covered my
most embarrassing memory has gotta be
it's actually from this QA it's a toilet
related story that also involves a
dental floss and my mother and rubber
gloves that's all I'm gonna say if you
got struck any superpower what would it
be
I'm like to make Oprah my best friend
I'm sorry I didn't understand the word
you said
I wanna joking on pretty much everything
this being here in London happens
because of YouTube I would not be here
if it wasn't for these videos being able
to travel around the world to VidCon and
and to somewhere in the city making
YouTube friends all over the world and
and and and I think the biggest thing so
far was when I went to Pixar studios in
San Francisco to film with MTV like what
gotta be this one cuz look what I could
do my nostrils really absolutely sexy
yeah my question to you is who is your
sign icon how often do you sell yourself
off of it
I I kind of take a mishmash of a few
people and put them together
I like bits of Harry Styles kind of like
usually from the waist down because from
the waist up those crazy floral shirts
are a little bit too much for me I just
make myself look like this
I guess that's it thank you so much for
watching my legend of the week is Flo he
drew this amazing picture of me
unbelievable thank you so much for that
Flo make sure you follow me on Twitter
Instagram snapchat all of that good
stuff
subscribe below I'll be back next week
and I go and watch my livestream I'm
doing a live stream right now the link
to that is down below as well I'm you
know calm and I'll chat to you later bye
shit mom doesn't know that I'm here
