so one of our first date Josh suggested
that we go on a little road trip and see
the Cotswolds the Cotswolds is how would
you describe very pretty country very
typically English
okay so the Cotswolds has like a pretty
spot basically so put it into the Sat
Nav and set up frameless to the
Cotswolds have brought us to housing
estate about 150 kilometers away from
the Cotswolds carl's perhaps what also
decided to rent a car and go on a date
day to the Cotswolds
he put the Cotswolds into GPS and
brought us to a random cancel estate in
the middle oh no it's pretty hilarious
we made a kind of funny moment of the
book we just drove back to London then
today marmalade to do car insurance I
put us in a lovely car have given us
insurance and have sent us out back to
the real Cotswolds and on the way we're
gonna have a little bit of a challenge
for each other he's the better driver
I've never seen you drive actually now I
don't believe that you can move a car
even to be honest we're gonna be doing
some challenges along the way and then
we'll have another little day together
well I second time second time one thing
why enjoy this and what is the logic
behind that because you need to know
what it feels like to fail
okay oh crap I remember when I pass my
test how are we seventeen which is quite
young yeah I was the same and I think
that's my theory test first time as well
I couldn't believe that I actually to be
honest I felt like it was more of an
achievement that my degree because I had
put so many hours as a life skill yeah
and you know you'll have it forever I
thought I am legal to drive pretty much
anywhere in the world
I can get anywhere so I have a really
vivid memory of the first time I played
music in my car I came Katy Perry ogres
- girl well how wrong could that be yeah
I did not like it no remember when I was
first driving and got insurance for the
car and everything like that black box
technology and was only just coming in
my staredown understand about it because
she can get with Marvel a car insurance
basically when you have the black box
and stalls if monitors you know the
speed of your driving and the different
parameters of the car while you're
basically emotions so because they can
make sure you're driving safely they can
then give you your insurance cheaper
wish I had it back then I know I'm 27
now or it would
really helps with the hourglass things
and cash that I had to put aside for
insurance my first ever insurance what I
see was 200 pounds in more than the
price of my car
oh yeah for one year yeah black box as
well it kind of encourages safe driving
from you know those early stages where
you're just beginning to learn the
basics of driving you know and that's
the time when you pick up your habits so
it's a perfect time to put good habits
into your driving that will stick with
you for the rest of your driving career
when my mom steps into the car would be
even now she's such a controlling driver
but she you've pressed that fake break
clear for a month that's gonna do
nothing for you and if I'm honest
thirty minutes outside the Cotswolds
lovely countryside location I don't know
where we are apparently gonna go to one
of the 100 top restaurants hotels in the
world
Josh found it on the Internet excuse me
sir
Josh what's that restaurant called we're
going to the what the wheat in wheat in
sheet in the wheat sheet then I'm so
horrified good going through a stream
little duckies do you see any no it is
so stunning around here isn't it
gorgeous the fields of wheat might see
to resume running through them in a
minute cela curtains remember that
Jake's our waiter it's really nice your
listeners like one of the top 100 hotels
in the world yeah no pressure
basically want everything on it no
wonder this place is so famous the most
gorgeous meal in in the wheat sheaf and
vici Irish people can't do ths I'm gonna
have a little more of an exploration and
then we'll go from there I'm just
looking at our car badly I park they
don't teach you this in your driving
lesson okay challenge number one
if the parallel park one of two
challenges ain't gonna go first we're
gonna see how quickly I can get into
this spot and then darling it's your
turn
three two one may the best woman win
I need silence okay
hey I'm gonna do you're way off
what you mean I'm Way off I don't care
how many goes it takes as long as I get
it in mmm it's not very straight 26
seconds not very straight six point
three one so that's 37 okay know that
you rent it down to the lower you round
it up your oversight
I'll give you 37 cuz I know you're not
gonna get it
okay your turn I'm gonna get the batter
and the GoPro tied so we are using this
instead Oh God okay wait three two one
three two one go you're on five seconds
already we add 10 second three at la la
la la la 15 seconds Oh No
I win stop congratulations
dammit it's currently one nail got one
more challenge and that if the hill
start right ahead of you if you win if I
win then it's one all and then
everyone's happy so this camera is going
to be right on the wheel if we see the
wheel roll back even a tiny bit before
you take off then that's a fail okay
okay your first kind of I see you later
camera is set on the wheel Joshua are
you ready I think you got one go it's my
gonna if I don't get this though you
still win
Wow Wow Wow whoa hey girls mm-hmm
they're coming over they're coming over
there little baby come on come on oh my
god I love the Cotswolds that's as far
as they're gonna come we've made some
friends
Carol Susan and Debbie living the truth
anyway thank you for watching make sure
you start your journey with marmalade
and go on to the website there's a link
in the description below if you are
there's animals everywhere if you are a
young driver or aspiring driver and
you're looking for tips on safe driving
we want to find out more about that
black box technology head over to their
website and I know we could have dealt
with that when we were a little younger
trying to get on the road yeah all the
information that you need is there and
most importantly I wish you a happy safe
life on the road it's gonna free you and
it's gonna feel amazing bring your
friends on the hill Jerry Springer
bring your van a little journey see it
London II just don't get open spaces
like back to the city for the city boy
mmm make sure you subscribe like this
video put a comment down below and if
you want more regular updates from me
Instagram is the place to be
it's a triode cake oh and make sure you
put on notifications for more videos if
you want it'll pop up to come every time
I upload and do that big love
