he fell puny and shit but I loved him hi
guys i'm riyadh i am in houston texas of
all places and um little bit of a
business trip and I hate asking who is
this person this is my ex-boyfriend
Jonathan I we haven't seen each other in
heaven been a year in four months a year
for more we first met each other at in
Miami I was on holiday and we we did it
back and forth for probably a year and a
half Ireland it texted yeah it was tough
but we were madly in love and we decided
to call it a day because it's a distance
and a few other things so today I have
come up with a few questions that we're
gonna ask each other and these are
questions we have to be completely
honest about I don't know what you have
written all right so what's your
favorite thing I did in bed oh god don't
then and when you would make that noise
yeah you go pee on the squeal so I know
you're not the biggest fan of my tattoos
well when do you hate them oh that one
the bird hook and swallow or a sparrow
or something it's so talking of how many
guys have you been with since we broke
up oh fuck Tirra four months ago I don't
know fucking cunt
I really don't although I can wait maybe
like 12 okay it's probably more ha ha ha
why do you hate kissing so much
haha okay so you do this doing when you
kid where you like get real tight lips
and you just like peck like over and
over and over again wait the one where I
go yes it's so weird oh yeah I'm a
regional kisser what's the most annoying
thing or things I did that really piss
you off you are the biggest flirt I know
I thought I like to flirt you flirt with
anything with leg a dog man woman like
sometimes I think I got shit here we go
again no I'm having a conversation with
another human nine you were not we'd
love to get super close you love to
touch people not fair
yeah I'll never the master comes in here
I want to know what I did that drove you
absolutely insane where do I fucking
start
exactly I want to know your work always
came before me that wasn't in tenth time
come on oh well you know how many boys
did you kiss while we were together
oh it's long distance I know there had
to be a few Trey okay
right that's amazing the one do you know
that oh yeah how many voices do kids
love blue about three as well really yet
I don't even is cheating no but this is
funny because I made it such a big deal
when I found out about the one you like
killed me for about three weeks and I
asked you at the time is it what you've
never kissed someone I like in the three
months that were part huh he lied
straight to my face you fucking cunt we
have a six year age gap did you ever lie
to anyone I bet my age to make age got
this mother absolutely why yes what guys
I don't want to look like a pedophile to
that night in the Miami hotel when we
first bumped into one another what was
it that first cut your eye of Emmy
uh there's a certain confidence that
came with you when you walked up to us
and walked up to us and he said hi my
name is riad you care if I come and join
you and you sat down across from me and
just the way you were staring at me it
was super intense like in ten yeah it
was and I was immediately drawn in I
mean what's not to love because you were
small small guys and you had a little
smile I have always had a thing for
Americans I think that at some point
during our relationship if Hank was to
die or I was to die you'd be more sad
over that know how you do that how do
you pick between your boyfriend and your
child I mean you can't go that is
anybody who has a dog knows that their
dog is their child that's bullshit if I
die I would be devastated
even if you died today at you devastated
it's like Sophie's Choice so what's the
one thing you love the most about my
body loved your boobies he has a great
chest that you've gotta be cut like sit
what did you hate the most about my body
I wish I had like a bigger bigger ass
working on it it's like okay there I
want to put them to top of it I mean
what was your very favorite I think you
know what my favorite is it did yeah
really huh-huh ha ha ha sure for it's
like I wish you were a little bit more
toned okay
I'll take that do you still love me oh
my god I know I told him that we yeah
yeah I do
really yeah is is it a different kind of
love
um no no I don't think you know no I
don't feel like I I love you in a truly
deeply romantic like yeah like I did
before whereas like you are my
everything like I said if you were to
die the same or if you were to get sick
or something I would totally be here and
I would totally like feel awful yeah if
we would have lived in the same place do
you think we were to program yes yes
yeah we may have gotten back together
but I don't think and I don't think we
were compatible yeah like I needed to
just go and fuck off and bigger like you
needed to count for them
you needed to like relax and get your
priorities straight is it people or is
the job and the people or is it a duck
you know yeah and I think you you've
done that man what was the best thing or
best experience that I did for you or
brought you on oh oh wait that's easy
hold on hold on hold on I have a visual
I have a visual no they kept things very
interesting in a long-distance
relationship and made me a mold of my
vision well I made him a thing why do
you still have it
why wouldn't I still have it you use it
I'll never tell
oh my god we're still friends or
something thank you for doing that was a
lot of for I had lasted it was good yeah
okay and we're going to finish this off
but in the meantime my legend of the
week is a Daniel Michelle
Daniel Michael 88 on Instagram and he
put up this picture drinking Chardonnay
while watching my live stream no better
way to do it in my opinion Cheers
Daniel Cheers all of you we'll see you
next week bye c'est bon sorry drinking
bye
but oh god oh god ah
