yeah sorry delicious
hiya I'm Riyadh and I have my lovely
pasty melanie back on my channel i love
your channel this is my favorite place
for the internet but this is your first
time in this room it is and this is
where the magic happens literally like
literally you've had so many viral
videos in this room you later on that
bed making magic at the very end of this
video we have an absolutely massive
announcement and that involves both of
us it's well worth your time to stick
around for that but right now right here
we are going to teach you through our
own lived experiences how to make that
person that you find
oh so attractive find you also super
attractive first things first your say
at a party you see someone that you like
the look of how do you begin a
conversation where you kind of pull them
in well it's like being a hypnotist look
at them in the eyes for that little bit
too long is nothing I think there's like
a millisecond extra that you spend
looking in their eyes and it's just
different from every other person you'll
be chatting to you know when you hold
their gaze just allowing like a bit too
long and then they get the hint that
like something's going on here
oh there's a connection there's a vibe
because if they see you doing it they're
probably going to do it too and then
you're both doing it and then you're
staring into each other's eyes and boom
pregnant so once you have that little
kind of spark there with the eyes I like
to do a little move where if I'm cut
you're talking and you're looking each
other in the eye and you'll just just
glance down at their lips if it's a
subtle move but it really does work it
shows them that you're thinking about
them in that kind of way just you know
you're looking at something you know
you're oh you're doing
oh yeah Donnelly I'm your friend but I
think a very gentle and subtle touch
while you're in conversation really
shows them that you're comfortable in
their space and hopefully they're also
it on oh my god no way are you serious
underneath Reid oh wow see how they
react you know a tiny little brush up
your brush of your hand against their
hand on the table or whatever you know
yeah or I find and even if you wanted to
be more playful if you're talking about
something and you both agree I'm the
same subject no way
or like a little bit when you're saying
goodbye even just hugging them just a
little bit longer just for those four
second longer they know you want the D
next thing is something as simple as
listening if you're communicating with
someone and talking to someone we all
whether you're an introvert or an
extrovert we all love to be listened to
we love showboating and being the center
of attention so even if you want to say
something and cut them off and give your
story hold it in for a bit listen to it
then just go and don't just listen what
go no way yeah yeah
encourage them on that you're interested
you know like you're never going to
really be attracted to someone who you
feel it's just kind of half there and
they're looking at their phone and
they're distracted by what's going on to
the background and the keep you know
they're looking at you but then they're
like you know kind of looking away
really give them your every full and
game I'm such a good one guys something
a lot of us do and not everyone will
admit this but everybody does it is a
little bit of a social media stalking
sake you like someone you know them just
having a glance further Instagram I've
stopped people's Instagram something
chronic and you know looking through
their tweet and trying to identify
common interests yes you know oh my gosh
war where you look through their
Instagram to find out what's the
favorite band and what did they study in
school or college and what did it do
during the time off and once you have
those little bits of information it's
crazy how much you can get from one
picture by the way then when you meet
them again in person very gently and
very slightly drop that thing that they
love into conversation as long as you
love it as well
yeah don't lie never lie so you both
have an absolutely crazy massive
obsession with Justin Bieber sorry yeah
so good then when you're talking to them
say oh my god and did you feat hear
Justin Bieber he's coming to play a gig
here next month can't wait to go and
then they like hang on
I'll never leave you ever oh wait we
both up and then they instantly go
marriage kids death together like that
up it's gonna be like an oval and they
they're you have a sorted chain the next
one might seem a little bit weird or
crazy but it actually worked
affirmation yes that's a look we have
both dumbness where we thought we
fancied someone and we thought that
they're way way way way overly we never
ever get them to be attracted to us but
tell yourself that you're worth it every
day look in the mirror and just say you
know I'm sexy I'm hot I'm killing it the
more times you say something the more
you're likely to believe it and it's not
about having a big head or thinking that
you're the sexiest guy on the earth so
love yourself exactly attraction is so
interwoven with confidence and if you
can kind of do little things to boost
how confident you feel about yourself
because obviously we don't all feel
confident every day we just walk into
the room and you're like man then yeah
hey yeah you do it this is going to get
a bit sciency for a second but look up
and this psychologist as she does a TED
talk I looked at her I loved her name is
Amy hoodie and she talks about the power
pose so if you're about to go into a
work interview and you're about to do a
public talking or public speaking or
you're about to go on a first date with
someone and you're super nervous
literally take up as much space as you
can for a 10-minute period and just take
deep breaths deep breaths and what doing
that does is it reduces the stress
hormone cortisol in your in your brain
and increases serotonin serotonin and
testosterone so strong your brain
it's actually boosts it like this prison
visit biologically makes you less
nervous and more ready to just go into a
situation and perform and people feel
that like when do you ever notice you're
attractive to someone and they might not
be very traditionally good-looking a
handsome but they've so much kind of
charisma they just have this vibe events
and that allows you to them like a moth
to a flame you want to build that in
yourself like I'll give you an example
of how to actually happen in my life and
I came across this guy on Twitter
randomly and of all places do another
date map and I thought holy shit he's
fucking beautiful and he's so much more
attractive than me there is absolutely
no way I will have a chance with this
guy and then I just decided you know
what what's the worst that can happen
I'm really won't right back to me so we
started writing back and forth to each
other and then
I actually got to know the dive bit more
and realized that he was just as
attracted to me as I was to him and not
just that he thought that I was out of
his League we both thought the same but
thankfully one of us made the effort to
make the move put yourself out there
take a risk because what is the worst
thing that can happen they'll tell you
to fuck off
okay see ya I don't want you anyway nice
tag when you find someone that you're
into the best thing to do is to see it
almost like a very casual job interview
it yeah I know that's really weird but
think of it in a job interview you're
trying to tell that person why they have
to hire you why they need you and why
you are the best at the job they don't
want anyone else it's pretty much the
same thing when you find someone that
you like so instead of just going off so
the person I'm talking about shit that's
around you or that you might be
interested in selling yourself
absolutely sell yourself what is it
about you that makes you amazing what
are the things that make you completely
different to anyone else what makes you
what are you passionate about what makes
us really tick you're more than a bloody
selfie you're a full person and you've
so much to you so many layers but you
need to get these across that leads us
into having standards and by standards I
don't mean that it's not okay for you to
sleep with someone the first night
because absolutely it is we all want
different things at different stages of
our life but if this is something that
you really really really really like it
really does build tension if you hold
out a little positive tension attention
really good tension you know it don't
give it all away straight away maybe
give a little smooch and then hold back
a little bit and we don't say no you
sicko I'm not gonna having sex with you
tonight what are you crazy that's to a
grand you want to do gently and always
end on an O I say say look I really
don't want to do that tonight but I
really enjoy getting to know you love to
go anything I'd love to see you again so
now for that announcement that we said
we had at the start of the video if you
watch Melanie's video first you know
exactly what's going on but if you
haven't had big news is that drumroll
please
in January 2016 Oh Stu are fake enough
to live in London we
been talking about this since before
VidCon like going back into the summer
yeah and it's just the most exciting
thing it's gonna be such a big adventure
for us if there's so many youtubers over
there that we really want to work with
and by being over there we're gonna be
able to put more videos on our channel
like me and me on film a lot together on
your channel but we do want to start
just doing a lot more for you guys cuz
like you guys are the reason I've been
doing this as a job for a year like
YouTube is the best job I've ever had
absolutely love it and we're gonna keep
our accents oh god my mother has she
warned to God if I stop talking like
that she's gotta kill me we have
Christmas with our families we can't
wait for that and then come January
we're gonna fly off on the same day yeah
a lot of trees a lot of these guys are
probably from London so it's just in
England in general so we're gonna be
doing loads of Meetup sorry yeah yeah
anyway thank you for watching this video
so this is the thing I'm doing that so
this is person is someone who has sent
me something that made me laugh or made
me smile on Instagram or Twitter or
Facebook or anywhere and each week I'm
gonna show one of my beautiful people my
very very first legend is Jessica aka
frantic Savannah as she sent us this
tweet saying that she's turned on and
her Twitter notifications for myself and
load of my other at you to be friends so
thank you for that Jessica you're gonna
get all my tweets so Melanie's channel
we did a video talking about and myths
my nameís to do with sexuality and the
different stereotypes and all of that
and help but many of them are completely
false see you next week love you mama
subscribe and watch Melanie's video on
her channel the link is below
I made a video where I described by my
birth I made a play-doh demonstration of
my mother's vagina look at it look at it
