hyah i'm riyadh and today i am going to
be doing something that was recommended
to me by someone who i cannot remember
on twitter man is it is a fantastic idea
so if you're watching this thank you for
recommending it and it is you go through
to go through my memory box
and as you can see it is fucking full
and i haven't been through this ever
I've just been adding more and more and
more onto it over the last six seven
maybe eight years and it's so full night
that the drawer doesn't even close
anymore I just have it sitting on the
floor it's gonna turn into a memory
corner soon and so as I go through it
it's probably gonna start with the newer
stuff and then go down and then into my
deep dark past okay this is first oh my
god okay so we're starting off with
something serious panic attacks anxiety
and the fear and I had a breakup about a
year ago and my grandmother died a year
ago I pretty much ran at the same time
and and when that happened I am I was
just lost
I was feeling really depressed and
really having severe panic attacks that
I couldn't even really live that leave
the house anyway am i was listening to a
radio show on BBC Radio 1 I think it was
called the Sunday surgery and zoella was
honest and she was given tips on how she
deals with anxiety and panic attacks and
then hey-ho there you go I wrote down
everything she said and what they said
on the radio show and I used it and it
really really helped so tanky zoella a
cup from a sister act on Broadway and
the alcohol that was in this cost me
about twenty five dollars another one
the cup from Priscilla Queen of the
desert
I'm Broadway this one cost me about $30
oh my first ever vid con which was there
earlier this year my VidCon pass a
cattle Brander with the letter K on it I
lived in Texas last summer and I bought
it I don't know if any cattle to brand
nor would I ever do that to live
I will do two stake them when I went to
see my friend Tyler Oakley is the live
tour oh oh when I meant to take my ex to
see Beyonce
oh I guess it was money well spent at
the time Priscilla Queen of the desert
Priscilla Queen of the desert
Priscilla Queen of the desert can you
tell I like that show Wow that's from a
long time ago this is from like seven
years ago the the hotel keycard from
when my first ever boyfriend surprised
me with a trip to New York and
fitzpatrick hotel so as a kid I wanted
to be a pilot and up until I was about
17 or 18 and from one Halloween I
dressed up as a pilot and there I am and
all my glory
captain Riyadh oh okay so the reason why
it's on laminate is because my mom from
an 18th birthday put these all over the
house it says welcome onboard flight
number 18 we hope you enjoy your flight
captain Riyadh I've got really cool
parents got too into it there and there
he forgot my wine imagine so in my work
we have a tradition of sending postcards
from your holiday back to the office and
this is when I was in Miami in there the
Loews Hotel and I sent back a postcard
that just said can you see that that
just said cunt that is my fishing
license from when I was in Pennsylvania
I'm hoping secretly as I open these I'm
gonna find money I Pratchett this is
nothing look as good as it did years ago
but I thought it was great so in school
I had an art project where I had to make
a genie coming out of a bottle hashtag
Christina Aguilera
here he is look at shit it's my first
ever prize in America was in Houston
Texas and they give you at these beads
kind of like Mardi Gras and the more you
collect from the people in the parade
the better you are I don't know I have a
few of course pink I mean hello
chuck lasses from Dallas Texas never
used on my hat maybe tonight I will
bless them oh shit holy shit Oh
a lot of my viewers well know what tees
are so this is called a Motorola RAZR I
think what's so crispy why is it open so
selfish it hello its me I was wondering
if you elected me do you see how lucky
you kids have it these days this is what
we have to deal with oh my god this is
like a horror movie if you are squeamish
do not look as a kid as each of my teeth
fell out a normal child would put them
under their pillow and collect the money
correct not me I kept them in this tiny
little silver and receptacle and oh god
this is so disgusting he's done
literally all of my cheat look oh my god
why do I have these I kid you not as a
kid watching TV I would sit there like
this making scarves
you thought the teeth were bad Levi's
still happen as a kid I had em a few pet
turtles and I got this tiny little baby
one to add into like the nine others
that I had and then he died and I
thought as a cool science experiment I
dig a hole and bury him in it for six
months and then like dig him out and
then I did and I catch them in this like
box a container thing look at him
remember pokemon cards this is a u2
special card how much can I get for this
because I'm willing to sell it rehabs
really can you guess the confirmation
name I chose as a perfectly normal child
can you see that we had Michelangelo
calla see that this is Junior VIP when I
traveled at the age of eight or nine
years old by myself to London on British
Midland and they put me right up the
front of the plane in first-class
because I was crying because I left my
mother that time I played a Scottish
villager in the movie King Arthur you
know that really shit movie that no one
knows or even cares mate so there I am
in my wardrobe sort of check I think I
look great look at that yeah this is a
love letter
hi Riyadh this is I've probably got
nothing to lose I hope anyways let's cut
to the chase dramatic I kind of have a
big crush on you I have for quite a long
time you are rather beautiful and an
inspiring actor in my opinion I'm gonna
find him on Facebook and I'm gonna send
him a screenshot of this Wow
oh I want the horny fucker there was a
guy that was 2 or 3 and years ahead of
me in school and I remember he would
walk by and I would just stop what I
have here in my hand is a picture of him
that was in a friend's bedroom another
house party in this franchise
went and took it I saw it on the wall
and I thought holy shit I can own a
picture of this person I'm sorry Rachel
I took this from your wall when we were
kids so there he is in the middle you
see him oh my god
to this day I'm still so trying to do I
don't know his name though I forgot
anyway call me I made a video where I
described by my birth and to demonstrate
my birth I made a play-doh demonstration
of my mother's vagina it's got hair and
I've got two eyes and I've got like lips
or flap whatever you want to call them
look at it look at it thank you for
watching the video and make sure you
subscribe and hit like and follow me on
Twitter and Instagram I will talk to you
next week
guys watching vite I hope we're Russian
missile misses its course and hits your
flag enabling us oh well in fairness to
her your ass is definitely fag inators
