hello i'm riyadh and today i have the
pleasure and honor to be joined with
irish royalty the queen of Ireland myth
pansy bliss how are you I'm good ok so
you are officially hair the queen of
Ireland
yes officially did that documentary film
about your life is called the queen of
Ireland together it had me in absolute
tears or will you cry easy I know big
sissy over here the whole story of the
film is about your life but also I guess
the pinnacle of the story
is also here in Ireland finally being
able to get married as gay people yes
I'm slightly drunk Oh Cheers yeah joint
cartoon lady your own work yes and as a
young fly the talk shit on the internet
it means that we're both kind of out
there for a lot of people to pass
criticism I do get the occasional death
straight on the phone same you know yeah
but they never actually do they only
leave it on the voicemail I don't know
how to even get my number because of
this I thought wouldn't it be fun if the
two of us old pals got together and read
out some of our favorite mean comments
let's do it
fuck panting bliss that is all yes
please please proud bottom here this is
very simple this one just did gay
well full marks for observation well
done
and this one says I heard he's joining
Isis well my god congratulation it was
like a long process and then eventually
I got in the queen of Ireland is
hiv-positive for fuck's sake do me a
favor
oh I was doing a favor but only with the
condom yes I am hiv-positive so what all
ye queers do is fuckin moan about
oppression and not being accepted do you
ever think about contributing to the
continuation of the human race you know
cuz you just go around sticking your
mickey's of other men's clothes
fruity bastards the lot of you fruity
bastard I mean my nude recognizeed ah
I'm gonna have it on my CV crazy bastard
for life you're sticking your mickey up
your own house well no well when you
talk you know but I don't really I put
it near does it I think
well it depends it depends on the time I
see I like the ones that just reduce you
to a near the end of the other this is
disgusting this rock is pretty new so it
hasn't got that the old drag me I know
that smell it's kind of a mixture of
rotting flesh and lost dreams yeah yeah
panty booze makes a hopeless woman
because his head is oblong like the back
of a book that's like Norman Bates's
mother in the psycho
oh my god yeah but also I like the gym
used the word oblong instead of being
rectangular yeah now your contours to
shit girl can I read your first one okay
how you want to read we add I'm worried
about this
so panty got some of these for me Riyadh
is an annoying fag that's not lie I mean
I am quite annoying and I am a
homosexual oh my god okay well it was
the most famous haters so you might
remember I made a video where I called
this woman on the phone the leader of
the Westboro Baptist Church shirley
phelps Shirley I hope we Russian missile
misses its course and hits your fag
enabling us well in fairness to her
your ass is definitely fag enables what
a flamer go fix that oversized nose of
yours and shut the fuck up fag
oh now I don't take issue with that
because noses are hot big nose return to
get through my profile you know this is
this is the most treat your most
attractive feature really yeah there's
never been a mirror like it's like oh
your fag voice is hellish when I work in
radio so my voice has given me my job so
anyone else sick of this young fella
they called you young yeah he probably
wishes he was a Kardashian yes you got
it who names their son Riyadh like who
wants a terrorist name but then I'm the
one fucking a nice thank you so much for
baby oh oh okay oh I want a a tramp
stamp put them there give a little
eyebrows oh my god stamps by the queen
of Ireland I thought was a bonding
experience get the world Gandhi yes
thank you like we've been very clear no
well look your haters are your
motivators those comments if you get
them as well use some to your advantage
if that's what we talked about they're
not talk play at all listen at least yes
the film the queen of Ireland I highly
recommend you go and see you at em it's
in cinemas across Ireland right now
across the UK in the coming days as well
it will be getting a limited release in
the UK and then the DVD will be out of
the UK and Ireland just before Christmas
and then if you're in the rest of the
world and you'll have to wait till it
comes to a festival near you because
it'll be doing the festival circuit for
the next Wow
make sure you like this video and hit
subscribe as well follow a panty on
Twitter and Instagram handle it handy
bliss and links down below and myself as
well and I will see you next time bye
Oh oh god it's burning all the way down
I've never felt anything like in my life
oh we look pretty in there I think we do
the Lighting's really soft
