what does queen Merrill smell like my
god I gotta have a little and it's it's
quite hot in here it's really a lot my
particular sauce
well it's not I hope you have like an
appetizer I mean you know what you just
write these things in the local became
so playing young Meryl Streep
young Donna mm-hmm I'm sure everyone has
been asking that question
whoa that's a lot of ways yeah I know if
someone was like that's a poison chalice
that's like thanks I think you okay I've
dug my grave
yeah hey I've seen you in the trailer
that singing bat dancin that acting like
it's your spots the character of Donna
is just she's such an incredible
character like so full of life and
optimistic and brave and cool and then I
had this great opportunity to like watch
Moreau streets all her films again and
just sort of study her yes at one point
during your research of the whole Meryl
thing you would have to go in meet Meryl
mhmmm what was that like I would have
been breaking it yeah it was really I'm
sort of surreal one of the most real
moments of my life she was singing a
song that was incredibly moving and I
was like outside waiting to meet her for
the first time and I could hear her
singing and I was like crying and I was
like hold it together Lily hold it
you're about to meet the Queen
then I met her and she you know she was
really you know kind and generous and so
cool and so yeah it's happened this is
like for all the gay boys watching
what does Queen Merrill's male like
Irish so you're gonna ask what Shasta
felt like well like I actually don't
think I know I have to be honest I did
have a little sniff I had looked into
you oh very nice I don't know if it's
kind of like handy cat yeah kind of
sweep the Divis never made without the
dirt I regret that I did it oh you
didn't very sort of like spicy but
florally but kind of you know
I heard from a little birdie that you
had a little bit of drama with your feet
well I broke my toe but I also I just
I'm very accident-prone and I stubbed my
toes and had like ingrown toenails and
even if you look like this you can't
have disgusting things happen to you
like it ingrown toenail I also feel you
broke my toe
like I snapped it like I literally
snapped it back on it oh and I ran into
a lighting stand and just that full pace
and then I kept shooting and just
thought I'd stubbed my toe and just sort
of I was a real soldier was very brave
oh yeah someone told me I'll never be
able to run a marathon but I think they
prepped for the film you met dee Benny
and Bjorn mm-hmm that must have been so
crazy yeah you know you do sing
incredibly in the film with a Muslim one
or two moments whether like on I was
shit they were pretty severe about like
getting the notes right in the rhythms I
mean there was one point where I
obviously wasn't getting this tune right
but I I literally couldn't hear what
they were like singing at me and at one
point the producers are American produce
that Gary came in and was like no it's
this I was like whoa I don't know what
my future holds but the world is wide I
want to make some memories
an island Cala carry people used to
think if you sailed on from there you'd
fall off the edge of the world it sounds
like the place for me over the past
couple years it's been amazing watching
you just grow and explode and realize
what I'm sure has been a dream for you
for your entire life when you become a
famous person is there anything about it
that happens that you did not expect the
top question I never know how to ask
those questions because I think it feels
really different from the outside from
like other people's perspectives then it
does from your own something were able
to buy things that you aren't you know
that's true I got my brother an iceberg
receipt was 30th birthday that felt
pretty good
I also you like I was in Uruguay
yesterday just for two days
you know that's kind of weird traveling
and you know getting to meet wonderful
people
Oh
I've decided to commit to being a
grandmother grandma you aren't invited
that's the best kind of party little
girls had final question yeah
as someone who has realized the dream
you're inspiring Titans of young girls
on boys if there is a young girl
watching now who dreams of being a
leading lady in a Hollywood film one day
what would you say to her
did you mean just acting will just mean
just any dream give up your cards you
know it surround yourself with wonderful
people who are friends and your family
and and also I think your dream can
change like one minute you think it's
this and then something will happen and
it becomes something else they just
trust trust where you're at when you're
at it so inspiring what a lovely way
what a lovely way to end to go get your
dreams guys so Mamma Mia here we go
again
in July the 20th okay lovely to meet you
thank you you wanted to make a mum proud
if she hasn't done that all her life
we can't tell anybody about the baby yet
I just told bill yeah and I told Harry I
told many many people got about to
become a grandmother great-grandmother
I'm living that out of the bio
