hi hi hi hi how are you hello my name is
riad and today I'm going to show you how
to get some really clear and smooth
looking skin because look let's be
honest most of us including myself are
not born with genetically beautiful skin
my skin naturally is very
I've got massive pores I have really
really naturally oily skin but over the
last 3 years I've come up with a sort of
a routine or a regime and have specific
things that I do each day number one
thing I swear by is this water there's
two litres I don't know what that is in
gallon sorry American friends I drink at
least one of these a day which is really
hard if you've got a small bladder like
me you're gonna be down to the toilet
like a mother but it is going to flush
all those horrible impurities out of
your body rather than having them coming
out in your skin like pimples or spots
now you don't want that number two what
you put into your body is super
important try not to smoke it's going to
age your skin it's gonna discolor your
skin if you're allergic to anything or
even have an intolerance to something
like me I am a little bit lactose
intolerant if I eat a bit of cheese yeah
oh god it tastes good but I suffer
hugely with the L gut and also with my
skin so find out what you're intolerant
to and just don't go near it simple as
that next thing is
sleep God you need it and you need a lot
of eight hours they say it needs to
regenerate it needs to relax it's the
net and the elements all day if you live
in a city this pollution sleep is the
recovery time for your mind your body
your skin and your soul guys now on to
the lovely products and I have tried and
tested all of these and will never ever
mention anything in a video that I
haven't specifically tried myself these
Biore nose and face strips you pull it
off and you put it onto wet skin and it
sits there and sticks on your nose for
about 15 minutes it dries and then you
peel it off and all of the nastiness and
blackheads that I stuck in your skin are
going to come out with that I mean it's
like magic if you look at it you're
gonna vomit what you'll also go holy
 that's amazing next thing is just a
super basic cleanser everybody needs one
this is one I use it's a simple
and it does what it says something
that's super simple and this one has
green tea in it as well I got this one
because it has no harsh chemicals no
harsh alcohols or anything like that and
when when it does go on to your face it
doesn't foam off that much and I find
that the ones that don't form of much
I'm stripping all the oil out of your
skin if you over wash your skin and all
the strip your skin of oil then it's
just going to panic your skin will just
go into hyper mode and produce its own
oils and then you look like a shiny
minion horrible mess I use this one at
nighttime before I go to bed to wash off
all the crap that I've been walking
through and having on my face all day
you'll see circular motions like that
and then wash it off with some just
plain old water and then pat dry next is
one of my favorites
is this guy it is spin for perfect skin
at this little electronic wonder the
guys at M planet vanity comm sent this
to me about two and a half months ago
and I've been using it twice a week it
is just brilliant um and I don't say
that lightly I put my cleanser on it the
one that you just saw and then I put it
on to my skin like this and I just moved
around in circular motions all the way
around all the way around and then you
just wash everything off after doing
that for a minute or two and your skin
just feels so smooth and then what I
found is the next day after I use it my
skin actually feels like tighter which
is nice I presume it's because they say
when you massage your skin whether it be
with your fingers are with a device like
this but that deep massage effect boosts
the production of collagen and I know
that because of the internet the brush
is also waterproof so and I've used it
in the shower a couple of times and if
you're in a rush it's handy for that
because I usually get like breakouts
along here like little red dots I
started using this and then they just
sort of like went I approve of it and
not just that the guys at Planet vanity
comm have given me an unbelievable
discount give to the people who watch my
videos so you can get 70% off the base
price for this it's normally 100
I think that's about 80 euro they've
brought it down to $30 110 to 30s and
$70 off that's crazy but you just got to
use the promo code riad and the link is
down in the description below so just go
through there you got you're paying
sent√≠a in the post in the mail and tell
me what you think but let me know if you
get the same benefits from it that I did
I think you will and I don't know how
you wouldn't cuz it I love it and it's
cute as well I mean like look at it it's
a nice looking thing yeah next up is
something I've used for over a year now
it is amazing Dermalogica micro Foley
and powder this bottle right here no
joke lasts me for six months I love the
smell of it it smells like almost like
baby food
why does it smell like baby food because
it's made mainly of rice powder and
there's like oatmeal in there and
salicylic acid I think that's hyaluronic
acid all of these things it's friendly
acids by the way you just get a tiny
tiny amount in the palm of your hand
like this maybe like half a teaspoon
drop in a few drops of water and then
make it into an almost like a paste on
your hands and then you rub it in an
unexpected result that I got from using
this with that and it made the tone of
my skin from top to bottom almost all
the same so I had like little and dark
bits here or let you know you get like
the purple rings but this just made my
whole skin tone even a nice look and I
think it gives you this almost like a
cheetah airbrush
ish look they even have my dad using it
and my final product is thanks to my
lovely friend Melanie Murphy I saw it on
her channel I started using it and I I
can't live without it now it's this
little elixir
it's called kills midnight recovery
concentrate so at nighttime after I've
used my spin for perfect skin brush I
put this on straight afterwards and
after a deep deep clean from that brush
this just kind of seals up the skin and
makes it go it's full of these
unbelievable essential oils laven
it comes with a lovely little dropper
like this so you're not using huge
amount and you literally just put a
little bit of cross before her Daniel
knows your cheeks in your chin and then
just work it in work it in I like to
leave it on for maybe 10 minutes you
look like a greasy oily scary mess with
us that's a good thing let it soak in
for 10 minutes then hit the hay you wake
up in the morning right it's real subtle
and gentle and soft and you just go move
also just before I go I just forgot
about this came to my mind and
moisturizer a daytime moisturizer after
you get out of the shower and for me
it's the most I need a little bit of
lubrication on my face make sure you get
something that has a sun protection
factor and SPF in it my one has SPF 15
because even if you're in a cloudy
environment those sun rays still come
through the clouds into your skin and
you don't want to age early or get you
know dark spots rehydrate your skin
especially if you're a smoker so there
you go I hope that was useful and I hope
I have given you a bit of advice for
your own skincare routine
let me know if you've used any of these
let me know what you use yourself put it
into the comments below and subscribe
for more videos and like I said water
sleep don't smoke don't eat things
you're allergic to try out really great
simple cleansers peel your skin at
nighttime with an amazing oil like that
and of course twice a week both of those
and get rid of all that dirt and grime
with this little gem and you can get the
promo code for this down below and get a
good 70% off thanks for watching and
subscribe if you liked it and like if
you liked it and I will see you next
time bye I'm going to try and call one
of them today
I haven't spoken to this guy in years
and I want to find out why he did what
he did
hi
