hi riyadh here and this time of year is
when everyone goes back to school and it
started a couple of weeks ago and it
always reminds me of when I was in
school I had some degree of bullying
pretty much the whole way through some
of it was just the odd name here there
and shouted at me across the playground
all this stuff was a little bit more
serious where I was being humiliated in
front of groups of people because of how
I talked or how I dressed to the very
very occasional time where my head might
be pushed into the front of my locker
and the metal would hit me there so my
childhood in school I absolutely hated I
hated every minute of it all I wanted to
do was be this age right now I thought I
would be a guinea pig for you to show
that after time passes your bullies end
up just being normal people they're not
evil it's not some scar that should
remain there forever I'm going to try
and call one of them today I haven't
spoken to this guy in years I got his
number from a friend of a friend of a
friend and I'm not calling him to attack
him I want to I want to find out why he
did what he did I text him earlier to
say that I was gonna call him um he
doesn't know what it's about though I'm
actually shaking
hi God Harrison I are you able to talk
mm well I am calling you because um you
may or may not know that I'm in school
like from first year up till even like
midway through fourth here I I was
actually really afraid of you
yeah I if I like saw you in the corridor
or whatever I would like turn and go a
different way just because I didn't want
to like walk past you at the time and it
was I just want to pour like a bit of
closure on that for me I would remember
um being at my locker let's say and you
and and a few the lads would walk by
together the rugby guys and I would
always like hear stuff said about me the
usual names and I'm like faggot and we
go you're queer your poor friend and I
think I just sort of like laughed it off
and then walked away and that's like I
kept you in that I do probably noticed
like I became kind of a class clown in
school most of the reason why I became
this clown or this funny guy was because
that was my defense that was how I would
like escape
so did you did you know that you were um
causing me to feel that way pick on
anybody who's a general I got these
years other thing is obvious that like
we were picking on you equal a company
never punches let's go you were there at
the time like
you gotta fly forward did you get me
home okay if I came up to you back then
and said here em this is really hurting
me could you please not do that party
right finally just kind of laugh about
it not care I think you pulled through
the thigh I think it's in my situation
was probably different because it was
slacking about something that was so and
central to who I was and who I was
becoming and you know like I stayed in
the closet for four years beyond when I
realized when I was because I was afraid
of reactions from you the boys and a few
others where difference is when do you
think it's possible for like people to
move on and beyond that point and become
friends and you know be cool with each
other after no I like you know we
you know they give you heart you can
hold a grudge yeah like I say I'm sorry
I don't even know that man sure I look
at me I think what you did today and
shows like what what a sound good guy
you are you know like not everybody
would be so open to talking about that
if there is anyone watching now who is
going through some similar shit that I
went through what what advice would you
give to them to do my body think of the
years go on you can realize thanks so
much for chatting to meet like that that
was a huge help and to me and I know
probably a lot of other people too so
thanks I'll talk to you later bye that
was a bit intense and I don't think that
could have gone better than it did uh he
he genuinely was sorry and I don't think
he even realized the effect that I had
on me and it still has a meet but I
think now it's very like therapeutic or
that's where they use cathartic or
something and if you are going through
anything like this right now or you have
done in the past and I've done some work
with an amazing charity and they do some
work in the UK and Ireland the
anti-bullying Pro and the Diana award
you can go and check it at their Twitter
account and their website and all the
great work they do in the description
below and if you like this video and you
want more from me make sure you hit
subscribe hit like and I will see you
next time thanks for watching fight and
now when it comes to products my
personal preference is all-natural stay
hydrated I recommend this one I swear by
this one love it I recommend just like
you know a normal lighter you just said
like
