hi every odd and I'm here with this
lovely fellow Jordan down yeah yeah so I
get a lot of comments on my videos every
single day reality rocks and Rihanna
when I'm acting like you I want an Irish
Irish accent and take this opportunity
to teach my youtube friend Jordan how to
speak like a real token Irish person
where's Evelyn Dublin is the capital of
army F at Dublin was like a country holy
 I love you for that okay you have a
sentence here oh I would like you to
read that sentence in your normal voice
right now
I went picking shamrocks today then had
a lovely pint with my leprechaun make
Sheamus not stereo difficult at all so
you would normally say I like an aye-aye
not this time it's more like boy boy
like you say oil but if I all right you
know the like seagulls from time oh my
oh my oh when they're pretty much the
same but they weren't you want to go
went when you plated the tea goes a
little longer went kicking turns engine
pickin pick it I went pickin ah this is
so cool shamrocks shamrocks know that
with London you like shamrocks shallow
to proper okay more grass that is a
shamrock shamrocks you get rid of the
Sham but that's a Michigan accent oh
yeah I'm rock hammer on now - what's up
Chum
rocks yeah today it's today today today
today yeah it's like day day today good
th's you know we're we're ready to go
duck duck we don't go this they're not
the other we say dis doctor the other so
they're DS
okay so then transient it then I went
okay
so dead-dead had had pretty well saying
I was good okay ah ah ah it's like way
back there I think ah ah I can do this
one because I heard you say it lovely
Oh lovely no it's more low low you too
steep lovely lovely
you sit up really well like I'm already
Irish hello say pint pint pint times
pint
oh so it's very light like thanked epoch
defined in its a width with no the ths
go so it's just when we're even with
those and you just go away where I went
way the way it's like w IH my Oh God
leprechaun that's English
Oh what yeah no it's not it is
leprechaun oh that was very American
leprechaun leprechaun mate transitive
make what make money make money why do
you a lady because it takes too long
okay and you know the mate is like a
friend yeah we use that here too yeah
not really
okay ah sbam us like Sheamus were sage
another it is an age okay
it's shame it's not Sheamus Sheamus
Sheamus Sheamus I'm gonna give you a
full moon through I went picking
shamrocks today dan had a lovely pint
with my leprechaun mate Sheamus okay leg
all by itself okay ready
generally we win are you ready I went
picking stop is already so keep going
I went picking
shamrocks shamrocks today
Australian um den hat and lovely yeah
hey already Irish pint wait wait boy
yeah leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun
may well Sheamus yeah hi Joe I give you
I'm already moved there six out of ten
okay that's good
I disagree what lets you give yourself
at least nine both I don't think you're
gonna get any better oh we don't need to
it's flying okay I know the accident
that is okay have you think Jordans did
is he going to survive when he travels
to Dublin will they think he's an Irish
let us know in the comments below and if
you want to check out the video we did
on his channel click on his face
it will subscribe to taking his chest
dude what I'm going back to my channel
for more videos you can click on me and
we will see you next time
hi my cake is oh no but sounds better
when you say she's a cake as you eat her
say this sorry
