hello I'm here in Dublin Airport in my
car
because I just found out a couple of
days ago I'm flying to San Francisco to
film with MTV for a Disney movie it's
called inside out it looks solaris and
we're going backstage at Disney Pixar
I'm gonna film the whole thing bring you
with me
and we'll just have a laugh so I've
arrived I have a massive headache 11
hours of an airplane no internet almost
killed me so you know San Francisco is
famous for its earthquakes I got into
the group down there and I felt some
rumbling on the floor and I swear to God
I nearly died I thought there was an
earthquake happening right when I
arrived like what are the chances and
then I figured it had it wasn't an
earthquake it was my air-conditioning
unit which is over there I'm gonna sleep
here for an hour and then I'm gonna meet
the producer and talk about what I am
going to interview people about tomorrow
and fix our life is good good morning it
is this time sorry that I look like
you destroyed a Pixar studios in what
they call the Steve Jobs building
I'm on my way to my next interview but
while I am here are some highlights of
how the day is going so far
Shia I don't know if you know if you've
heard of me but I am an exquisite artist
really I'm gonna offer you a piece of
art for myself
did you see how to draw it yeah like I
don't need much teaching but I'll take
your guidance so first start off with is
just a simple square and we're halfway
done
keep it up alright it's okay there we go
yeah yeah I see I see where you were
going with it I mean I probably would
have done it a bit different um I mean
like it's okay I have how long have you
been doing this for about four years
drawing this character I mean I guess
you learn as you go huh yeah I still got
a ways to go yeah how'd you do if you
just give me a sec okay okay we'll be
show that the camera mm-hmm okay ready
right - what
a good job thanks dude I mean you can
you can use it really oh well yeah this
is do what antastic very general I
really appreciate your time guys thank
you so much okay I'll talk to you again
okay bye - bye let's let's pin pin it up
are you joking right now a BAFTA and one
two three four five six seven Oscars
what I'm walking into Pixar's own ad I
think we call it the cereal bar they
have 14 different types of cereal here
okay but that's not just that come over
here and in this fridge okay there's
like six or seven different types of
milk to go with your cereal this is the
whole room just for cereal I mean can I
please have a job thank you
they done I am happy tired I have had
one of the best days of my life this it
was just being asked to come here with
MTV for a Pixar movie and to come to
this amazing place like heaven so if you
want to watch any of those interviews I
have they're gonna be up on the MTV
YouTube channel just kind of click here
I'm gonna have that there I do hope you
like them thanks for watching and I'll
see you soon bye
Jesus brother brave love
