hey how you doing what's going on you
good because I am always
handsome
hello it's rehab here okay this video is
all about VidCon in three days on fly
night to Anaheim California I cannot
wait only a couple of days ago I found
out that I'm being given time on a stage
the BroadbandTV stage to do an event
where I got to meet you you get to meet
me we get to have a laugh and it's
happening take it down touristing 4 p.m.
Hall B stage one three one seven that is
there but you can't see that so I'm
gonna put that in the description below
cool what's gonna happen at the event I
hear you ask why should you go we're
going to do a Q&A I'm gonna do a
performance you may or may not have seen
this performance before take a wild
guess and also there's gonna be a very
special guest there I wasn't able to say
it on Twitter or Instagram all week but
now I can tell you that that special
guest is going to be the one the only
helicopter in helicopter are you done
the one the only mr. Davey wavey this is
amazing to me because I've been watching
Davey's videos for about six years and
we've never met in person before we've
been chatting online and we've been
talking about what's gonna happen at
this event after the 30 minutes on stage
we're going to do something so fun which
is what I want you to register for 60
people who register are going to come
with me up to a private room where we
will take selfies we will have a laugh
we'll talk well dance we'll get to
know one another and also oh no they've
got you get to take home something for
free yes I know what it is but I can't
tell you what it is just yes how do you
go though you have to sign off there is
a link in the description with along
with the map of where the stage is gonna
be just click on that link and you put
in your name and your email address I
think it is and that's it you're
registered to come up so 30 minutes on
stage having a great time with Davey and
you followed by so
for an upstairs in a private room that
sounds awful for fun in a private room
no can't say that some lovely innocent
meet up thing No followed by some great
interactions No
followed by a lovely hangout zone for us
so for the Q&A I'm already taking in
questions for that because it's going to
be quite a few if you want your question
answered in the live Q&A on stage and
put it into the comments below or am on
twitter as well you can tweet me and
apart from that meetup and the events on
stage on Thursday at 4:00 p.m. on stage
one three one seven so I guess that's it
isn't it I mean until VidCon there's not
so much more to say apart from if you
have signed up tweet me and let me know
so I can put faces to names namespaces
that are dead today safe flight and I'll
see you in California can I try this one
please thank you disgusting can I try
this one please
thank you can I try this one please
thank you
can I try this one please thank you
thank you mmm delicious
