fucking delicious
hi I'm Riyadh we are not that annoying
dickhead on the radio who speaks like
this well what happens when he leaves
the studio and he ends up in the real
world let's go
that's the brand-new track from Rihanna
right here on the bench in stephen's
green or RiRi as I like to call her
she's playing here in Dublin next month
and we have tickets to give away do you
want some the brand new track from
Rihanna there on your earphones is it
good what are you listening to Diane
love it hello there decisions decisions
can I try this one please thank you
disgusting can I try this one please can
I try this one please thank you can I
try this one please thank you can I try
this one please thank you can I try this
one please thank you
can I try pistachio please thank you
more I'm a big boy but I take it small
sometimes fucking delicious
hello there time for your traffic update
there are tailbacks of about thirty
minutes on the m50 northbound your
advice to follow diversions and take the
off-ramp at Junction 7 that's it for
your traffic update for now we'll be
back in an hour
isn't it a lovely day lovely absolutely
lovely out here with the birdies in the
trees they are singing beautifully are
you having a good day
did you know that smoking causes cancer
and is one of the leading causes of gum
disease good man
the text messages are flying in on our
text line 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 oh yes one of
my favorites at classic you rockin it
man you're rocking it congratulations
folks you've all won return tickets to
done drum how does it feel
well done well done well done enjoy the
trip have oil body roll and hit are you
getting horny are you getting horny
gotta be compatible
