he's seven years old in the playground
the first time they tell him he's
different 12 years old when he finds out
why back off
queer sick some of the words that will
sting as they ring in his ear for the
rest of his life the teenage years bring
a push a shove and a bottle to the back
of his head
the deafening confusion of his feelings
is almost unbearable he lives in a world
that hates him half his family disowned
him the other half embracing that boy is
me and his story is the same for
millions of men and women in this
country and around the world a
second-class citizen cleverly tossed
aside by society and the state prevented
from giving blood because ours is dirty
to take a lover's hand in marriage or to
simply hold it in public is something
that can drown us in fear of attack to
marry the one that you want to spend the
rest of your life with the one that you
want to grow old and die with is not a
privilege it's a human right that
seven-year-old boy once bullied in the
playground is now bullied by his
government and his country a yes vote
will mean that those isolated kids will
be able to have the same dreams and
aspirations of love as their mother
father sister brother vote for the
teachers who have to hide the
relationships for the lesbians attacked
on this street or for the man who was
brutally beaten in this park and then
died I don't want to get down on one
knee and ask my soul mate to get civil
partnership I want to ask him to marry
me the work and legacy of NARAS Robinson
thousands of protesters and even Wilde
has gotten lost this far but we need to
go further
our love has the same meaning value and
importance as anyone elses Ireland on
may 22nd we have the chance to make
history
we know how we'll vote do you
