it's Riyadh here and now I am joined by
my mom this time round hello strangled
in to help with it what I've done for
the last three weeks is I download a
grinder onto my phone and every night
religiously for an hour I'd leave it
there to let messages roll in so this is
gonna be the very very first time that
I'm gonna hear them and you're gonna
hear them from her man where you get
these from I've got a nice package for
you if you want to unwrap us didn't
really do this really would you like
something like that here no I would be
terrified
Johnny Groupon what does that meant they
want to play Monopoly together yeah you
know that's about it what do you like
about him it's buddy fancy tree so we're
- come on all their trace on sir did not
just happy with one person obviously not
he is gross buddy's scruffy his hair is
all over the place
it's just a dog what's up man what are
you looking for the meaning of life
what's up where are you from mate to
tops lookin for Bo bottom doing this to
guys yeah this is like porn this is like
porn the hack of you are you saying
that's me no he said that sure it's only
the one off the radio they know it's me
long after bein you don't approve well
it's it's it's sure you're only the W
an1 off the radio like just the same man
- Edison W a.m. and serrated Oh any
ladies and gentlemen my mother I love
you I always think that and when they
say it it sounds like we're comin
whereas if they just said one I would
think
new baby and I'm not judging somebody by
their accent already spelled what yes
you are what is it a penis it's a big
big big of fun okay let me see
and it says let home Wow Wow look neat
enlarge it yet it's big enough
hey Mase how are you decent sound guy
here looking to meet nice guys from
eight states and see where it goes
legacy he's nice what does he look like
oh he's wearing a hood you know what the
hell the most disgusting boxer shorts
I've ever seen in my life you know that
thing I face that only a mother could
love
if you could be a lovely person oh I
know I know it's not all about looks and
its tongue hangin out I've got my fists
trying to be sexy yes and it's so he's
literally doing this why do I think
that's attractive well okay after that
my mind has been opened to put that way
your mind and other things too
well no no no if you want mom to be more
videos of mine em let me know in the
comments I think I'm gonna drag you into
every single video hit subscribe hit
like down the bottom as well it all
helps and we'll see you later bye cheers
fight Cheers
I'm here today to show you how to get
the boy band look find the most
unnecessary piece of shit and put it
around your neck and you won't need
sucks because you're better than that
