hi i'm riyadh i'm here today to show you
how to get the boy band look because
both you and i know that without it
you're being idiots let's begin the
transformation with your once per week
shower next you'll create your scalp
with 15 minutes of blow-drying at the
highest heat once you let the burning on
your skull subside you can begin the
work on sculpting the perfect quiff
you'll manage to paint your face with
more makeup than a drag queen to prevent
yourself from looking disgusting now
that you look somewhat presentable
I recommend denying your heritage and
making your face as orange as possible
get the ugliest shirt that you can find
and button it all the way to the top to
give you a false sense of intelligence
ugly person boyband Oakley person
boyband next you will find the tightest
pair of jeans possible your goal here is
to cut off the blood supply to your
balls and eventually allow them to fall
off it's not like you're going to need
them anyway find the most unnecessary
piece of and put it around your
neck ear piercings are a definite must
to top off the douche look if you can't
be arsed just improvise nice and you
won't need sucks because you're better
than that
squinty eyes flare the nostrils and look
confused
hit subscribe and I will have videos up
right here every week see you later
well I should see the world well go
anywhere and see the world I never did
hey you recording this always after
years want a tear on this recording but
