this is Riyadh here reporting for
serious Irish News Channel Patty TV
where I want to ask the fine people of
Austin Texas for American answers to
Irish problems
incanting awfully a small group of
criminal leprechauns have been breaking
into people's houses and stealing their
electronic devices their phones or
laptops when it goes to court should
they be tried as adults or as children I
would say about if they're an adult
leprechaun then I believe they should be
tried as adults if they're breaking into
places and stealing that's an adult
crime if you're committing crime they're
all to have to think about it there
should be old enough to pay the crime
dude if you have you do the crime guard
you time just because of their size
doesn't make them any less responsible
they usually go for gold when they break
into people's houses if they go for a
less valuable metal like silver should
they be given less of a sentence no
because they're still stealing what do
you think of the Queen's recent comments
asking for Ireland back I think it's
beautiful
she obviously loves you I think that's
um it's not very nice of her
Ireland has been its own country for a
while now right
the term unwelcomed Olga Dion lares
translates into I want to have funky
time with your mother tonight a lot of
children in schools I've been using it
even at teachers should they be punished
yes yes I don't think that it should be
using that kind of terminology and
saying things like that at that age do
you have any Irish in you at all I do I
don't know how much though I don't
I've never googled it what do you think
of the idea of bono running for
president and while he's very popular
and he does give do a lot of charity and
he's interested in you know humans
he plans to enforce Irish radio stations
to play at least 10 u2 songs a day what
do you think of that that you shouldn't
force people to play anything the Irish
people are thinking of changing the
spelling of paddy from PA ddy to piay
tty to make it easier for Americans it's
not a good idea yeah it is because you
know how Americans are we Americans have
control of that pretty much everything
so
we take it we have patrol everything so
so if they if the Americans are happy
with the way they're smelling then
they're happy with everything else st.
Patrick red island of all of its
charmander's do you think the Irish
government should reintroduce them into
the wild or not I'm an animal guy so no
it's always good to have more animals
st. Patrick red Ireland evolved its
Bulbasaur's but now they want to
reintroduce them into the wild the Irish
government that a good idea or a bad
idea
well if they're gentle and they can like
they can cohabitat with everyone that
lives in there then I think it's a great
idea and why would you want to have sex
with a human can't it's good and because
they are me
