can a passenger safely land a commercial
jetliner oh hi yeah it's riad Dan's on
cam give the wave there okay I'm in fly
well in the middle of England at the
virtual aerospace 737 simulator
why because MCS have challenged me to be
unstoppable and to try and land the
thing safely and get the fake 200 or so
passengers onto the ground in one piece
can I do it I don't know my knowledge is
just in geek territory I play flight
simulator on my phone every day I watch
air crash investigation all the time
well is that enough before I go in and
try this crazy challenge if you want to
be unstoppable hope your skills and have
an amazing summer with MCS check out the
website if you're in the UK between 15
and 17 it's a great way to get yourself
ready for the work of world so I go and
take a look at that let's go
okay okay first thing for our Title II
Oh
right let's have Guerra berries like
stop throttle speed break blacks parking
brake fuel to the engines radio landing
here computers I don't know
autopilot light stick rudder pedals
window oh my god this is so exciting I'm
terrified I'm actually physically
shaking save us forever
Mayday Mayday Mayday this is RK Airlines
both of our pilots have had food
poisoning I'm a passenger
I am very limited flight experience and
I need help to land safely right okay so
first thing is to stay calm okay
I can currently see your aircraft on my
radar the autopilot is under control of
the aircraft at the moment I don't want
to talk you through how to fly this
aircraft down what's your name buddy my
name is John John John we're gonna be
friends forever if we get through this
okay so the auto pilots got command of
the aircraft and the direction the
altitude and the speed okay John I'm
done with autopilot I'm gonna turn the
autopilot off do not turn the autopilot
off John I am there the captain I am
turning the autopilot off I really
recommend you do not do that I want to
fly it manually okay I'll come to a
compromise with you will turn the
autopilot off what will keep the
autothrust on so the planes speed stays
the same well I'm turning in fine turn
off the autopilot leave the autothrottle
armed I'm gonna hit this engage on
autopilot
okay I'm flying and I have the aircraft
I'm flying the aircraft okay I want you
to turn left onto a heading of 0-8 okay
we're turning returning returning whoa
oh I need to get this seatbelt on
aha and I'm gonna turn to smoking oh you
know if you're gonna
potentially passed away at my hands I
wanted they'd leave that one top before
you do okay so let's just focus on
flying the aircraft I really like this
one for my friend my passengers are my
command and I want them to have a good
time John Donne yeah you have a
girlfriend I do yes we have have you
ever you ever considered that no I
haven't really and we're gonna continue
bringing the aircraft down we are to
3,000 feet please Mayday Romeo kilo go
ahead
will you tell my mother I love her I
will do really I'm struggling to get
that speed to go there naturally should
I deploy the the air the air brakes for
a minute good good wow that's working we
are shedding those knots want me to drop
the gear oh I've always wanted to do
that okay let's focus here yeah flaps 15
that's missing and then the speed to 160
speed down to 160 made a brunette
we are low I can see houses I can see
children playing
I think I see it I think yeah what's the
name the number of that one why just
right now it's to seven rights to seven
right at London Heathrow hey baby
I would prefer London City it's
something easier for me to get home can
we divert it
we can't I'm afraid RIA there will be a
very difficulty to get you all this and
just part of aircraft into them how
we're too big
can I turn on the landing lights yes you
can do okay so when I touch down just
before and then it disengage the
autothrust
pull it back to idle bring it reverse
thrusters speed brakes will go down
automatically I'll be using my rotor
pedals to keep her in the middle canopy
using my toes to engage the toe brakes
the auto brakes will be doing their
thing as well so we've got like three or
four different things stopping us
completely correct you John I wasn't
talking to you I'm just this is it
runways in sight and centred descending
through what hasn't 400 feet we can do
this we can do
that my mother just texts me while I'm
trying to landed mom go away I'm busy
Mayday Romeo kilo yes right be prepared
to keep your right hand on the thrust
levers raise the nose hey hold the
altitude that you've got 300 I'm gonna
disengage the other trust
okay thirty feet above when you hear the
robotic voice eight thirty I'd like you
to gently pull how about let's raise the
nose very slowly blaring twenty
for us
Nell's go dad press the toe brake
my god oh my god oh my god
so that autothrust zero nuts park and
break that oh my god I did it I did it I
did it oh my god oh I'm in the center as
well oh my god I did it Dan oh wow Oh
Mayday Romeo kilo yes John I love you
free well done we had very good job do
you love me too
NCS be unstoppable
oh my god
I actually feel like crying but so
emotional I can't believe I did that
well you're proud of me I didn't
everyone's safe
everyone's alive I feel exhilarated I
guess the main question is why should I
do
well since I was a kid I've always
dreamt of being a pilot
it just shows unless you push yourself
to give it a go you really don't know
what your own personal limit is I a
random normal dude on the street was
able to land a commercial jet just
through my own interest and a little bit
of help from a hilarious air-traffic
controller
anything is possible then if I can do
that so if you're 15 to 17 and you're
based in the UK why not give it a go
challenge yourself sign up to NCS it's a
four-week experience right for some
where you'll be away from home you'll be
trying new experiences learning new
skills meeting new people and in the
meantime adding so much to your CV so
that when you're out there looking for
work you're going to be ahead of the
pack I also really really want to know
if you've done NCS in the past or if you
are going to do it this year hit me up
on social media it's a tree okay on
Instagram Twitter here on YouTube I want
to know exactly how was you and what
your version of flying a 737 was how did
you challenge yourself thank you so much
for watching this is so much fun to make
I can tell
I really I'm about to go and watch it
again myself that's how much of a loser
I am make sure you hit subscribe for
more videos just like this right here on
the channel and for something very very
very special that's on the way soon and
making some documentary type stuff right
here on the channel can't say anymore
and it will make you laugh and make you
cry that's for sure okay
love ya bye
