I was unfaithful to my boyfriend of
three years but I have never been able
to tell him because it was his best
friend
when I was cheated on by my boyfriend
with my best friend I lost all my self
esteem and believed I was unworthy of
anyone I was cheated on by my ex and
never mentioned it to him because I love
him so much I've been cheated on by
every girl I've ever dated I was dating
this guy in the military I cheated on
him via Instagram only talking dirty
with other guys we broke up for
unrelated reasons but it still haunts me
to this day today's society it's so easy
to go on Instagram and tinder and all
these things and just get off from
sending a couple of sexy photos I mean I
don't grieve with what she did but I
totally believe in forgiveness I'm torn
between two guys who I love differently
and I'm seeing both of them without
their knowledge I know it's not right
but I'm scared about losing them both
this girl I was dating sent newts to
another guy she tried to blow it off as
a one-time thing she didn't understand
how much it hurt me yeah I had something
similar happened but not she didn't send
nudes we were kind of dating for a
little bit and I had moved away I asked
her to come visit me and it was always
there isn't a good enough excuse to go
see you and I found out that she took
off to Texas to meet a guy that she's
only known for two months
being cheated on completely changes her
perceptions of yourself years later I
still find myself wondering what she had
that I didn't and why I'll never be good
enough
yeah I mean I can relate to this person
for sure it's not your fault it's the
other person's fault for not being
honest by finding like new love new
friendship and like surrounding yourself
with people and finding people that
really care about you and are honest
with you you can kind of see this
experience in the rearview mirror and
hopefully it feels better I will say it
does get better life is not over after
that like I know it's like cheesy to say
there's plenty of fish in the sea but
there are shit happens
of course we're not perfect we're gonna
make mistakes it's okay to make mistakes
but it's more important to own up to
your mistakes and tell them exactly
what's going on because that person
deserves it as well because you don't
know what they're going through
- hey guys Jason from jewbilee here we
just want to say thank you so much for
watching another episode of seeking
secrets and we also want to say a big
thank you to our sponsors simple habit
simple habit is a mental wellness app
that has guided meditation and therapy
and we find that a lot of their themes
are really relevant to a lot of the
secrets that we're talking about
everything from getting over an X to
having a tough day at work or even
having a great day I think is a great
way to start your days with meditation
it's a really great place to learn how
to meditate and explore this idea of
meditation so for all of you who are
interested we actually have a special
link below that gives you seven days for
a free so make sure you download the app
you'll get seven days for free of all
their premium content and we think
we'll really get a lot of value out of
that thank you guys once again for
watching I'll see you guys next time
