don't worry I still feel like a giddy
schoolgirl every time you call my name
is Kaylee Chung we've been together for
10 months my name is Peter Knight
definitely like a different kind of
special nothing that I've felt before my
first question for you how you two met
come from Park City Utah I don't usually
get Starbucks but I saw like her and her
dad talking at Starbucks before I had
walked up to her I mean I don't know it
was just like something about her had
this kind of magnetic pull I was
actually on Park City Utah and I'd
stopped by Starbucks after one crazy day
of traveling and he came up to me he
said something kind of stupid or
something and I was kind of taken aback
he just was so confident I don't know
I've never really like encountered
something like that I had said something
along the lines of you know this was
probably something great into stop
Starbucks commercially or to our
grandkids but yeah probably kind of
cheesy yeah but like he just really was
my type so then we started talking and
we talked for a really long time we just
kind of clicked
growing up I told myself I never wanted
to be in a long-distance relationship
that was really difficult in the
beginning and there were a lot of Tears
it was hard to say goodbye but I'm
grateful for it
we got through it I'd say moving here
and adjusting a little little weird
coming from Utah to here but you know
nothing's really too hard with her so
yeah I think we've grown a lot the whole
long-distance thing it did kind of help
me find myself while also knowing that
like you were there I mean I told you
that and I think that I was something
that I really
what has he taught you about yourself
here ago I was really lost
I came into my life and honestly just
pulled me out of that mentality and
pulled me out of that state and it was
just crazy because no one else could do
that not even my best friend but he
makes me feel so loved and I have Worth
made me want to go out there and be
myself again
like I was I thought I was I know it's
here I'm fairly rough around the edges
with most people first couple of dates
we went on she was responding with like
just answers that I was like no way this
person's like way too good and too nice
like this doesn't exist but like yeah
like to this day she's just been honest
and compassionate and wholesome and it's
rubbed off and taught me a lot she got
through this I know I get to the good
part no I said that I'm so grateful for
you for bringing me back to my family
and my friends and to this world I'm
just gonna hold my breath for a minute
I'm just always known her as such an
amazing person and it's a blessing for
me to hear that for me to know that I've
been able to bring her back
and I tell my friends that I tell them
that they should feel that way this is
how guys are supposed to treat you look
because I feel like whenever I'm around
you I just glow being compassionate like
you're always one step ahead of me so
thank you for teaching me if anything
I'll be patient until the end of time
with you I love
