I've been jealous of you be honest my
name is Mike my name is Franklin Johnny
I'm related to Frankie he's my first
cousin and he's the chairman of the
board of our company and we work
together every day
all right see what you got Frank I'm a
confident guy well I can't say I'm not
why you girl fitted Frank
I guess I'm confident because of all the
life circumstances I've been through and
build all the confidence in me but I
think just naturally my DNA that since I
was a kid I was had confidence in
anything I ever did obviously never
perfect in life but that's where the
confidence always comes in to play you
know I think I'm confident that we're
both confident guys it's because of love
we have a lot of love growing up as
children and I'm you know we're very
blessed that means so much love from our
mothers I think also when you surround
yourself with people that are loving
right like us it amplifies that that we
get to enjoy that high of feeling good
about ourselves and encouragement and
ultimately that confidence you're right
does exude it into our lives yeah I
guess we are some calm confident guys
whatever Sam oh yeah yeah I like it I'm
more charismatic I was - you think
you're the more charismatic 100% what
makes you more charismatic than me again
comes in the DNA naturally I'm very
charismatic in my opinion not to be
cocky but no I came coming into a
typhoon exact charismatic maybe you are
more charismatic and I'm more eccentric
yeah so I'll do some crazy yeah and
you do start crazy I just I just
walk in like a forgettin era game that's
right
that's ultimately why I'm probably
attracted and being with you on a
day-to-day basis the way we are you I
feed off your energy you got a ton of
energy you probably have more energy
then almost anybody I know I think all
the vitamins I take you do take a lot of
vitamins Frank thanks cool I've been
jealous of you be honest no what would I
be jealous now there's a difference
between jealousy and envy you always
want to be envied and be happy for other
people and that's why I am okay what's
the difference with envy and jealousy
jealousies I think comes from it comes
with my selfish inner selfish thing I
really think jealousy comes from
jealousy comes from insecurity on
security yeah jealousy or envious
whatever you want to call it goes back
to that self-confidence naturally people
are gonna be jealous because people
aren't secure yeah but so the trick is
to have love become self-confident as a
result of having love in your life all
right and you won't be jealous but yeah
I don't think I'm jealous of you I love
you I'm always happy to see you succeed
you're my blood yeah of course all right
sometimes I feel like I'm putting on a
front I'm young I'm 31 when I first
started no one taught me anything no one
explained how life is gonna work but the
one thing I realized was you got to kind
of fake it to you make it whether it's
just starting out in a job or meeting a
girl getting me introduced to someone's
first time you do kind of gotta get your
best version of yourself which isn't
always necessarily your real self and so
yeah I definitely feel that sometimes
you have to front it but eventually it's
like a first date the truth will come
out the Sun will set and I think the
other side you know more understanding
and cherish who you are more than trying
to put a front for what reason I agree
with you yeah I've been angry with you
oh yeah that's absolutely you let me
tell you what I've been angry about why
are you going first
good good no no I only time I get angry
with you is if you if I see that you're
not being yourself or that you trying to
act something that you're not and I
think in life you again go back to what
he should be who you are as my cousin
I'm going to say that I'm a fake person
no dye not fake but it's aiming hard
saying that no because the same is no I
don't want to say you're fake by the
same time I think you should just come
out of your shell of not trying to just
be yourself and don't try to fit in to
please other people that's what I think
I'm probably the most real person I know
in my entire life and I'm gonna say it
proudly
there's no fakeness but I appreciate
what you just said I know not to put you
down I'm just trying to tell you not to
put me down but I will take what you
said is constructive criticism and I
laura's think about it later tonight all
the cousin I think I can yeah I'm angry
when I see potential and I don't see
people fulfill it I see you with so much
potential and a regardless of your age
you have so much potential and you don't
you under the what you're capable of
doing and that bothers me there's so
many times where you could have done
better or more but you just I don't
wanna use the word lack of you just
don't want to let's put it in a polite
way
and it bothers me a lot and sometimes
you don't listen
but that's something I would love for
you to change about yourself and our
dynamic as business partners and his
family if you can listen more I would be
angry less but I only have love for you
anyways no I love you too but I know it
is what it is who I felt unappreciated
at work here you are very giving human
being
you're probably the most giving human
being I've known but you give to the
wrong people and giving is it
necessarily monetary here you did a good
job giving his appreciation being
thankful what this question asked me
no I don't feel like you're appreciative
of those around you that are closest to
you and that I've done the most for you
you should value them to the extent of
not just thinking I'll buy them a gift
but spend your time with them value them
with your time because that's the most
expensive thing you and I both have our
time so if you give people your time and
time is you listen to them that people
will feel more appreciated and also not
taking of people's time you know what I
mean yeah you know overall I have zero
complaints about you I love you I think
you're an incredible human being but
please appreciate my time a little more
I know in the summer you coming from
with that and I do tend to do that you
right but at the same time I really feel
that sometimes I feel like you know I'm
not even appreciated after everything I
do for people around me in a way I just
feel there's no you know appreciation
not everyone I appreciate you know you
do but sometimes again is sorry because
your day to day life then you go about
you don't don't realize what other
people have done sometimes ninety-nine
percent of the time you do appreciate
like this sometimes it's good to hear
that someone specially of you if that be
my right-hand person appreciates me a
bit more well I'll tell you right now I
love you and appreciate you you said
that three times but I said again good
bye then we're gonna kill us hey
guys thank you so much for watching that
video we hope you enjoyed it as always
please make sure you subscribe to
jewbilee and also watch more videos here
by
