I don't know what they wanted I just
wanted to know where's this going what
are we doing here I remember that night
I'm sure they both dude my name is Jason
and I've been waiting so for Toby it's
my technically newlyweds cuz we just got
married in October my name is Joe we've
started this trip for a few months
my name's Matthew I wasn't expecting
this to happen
I was hanging out with them and then
things just happened okay
hey Jason can you hear me hey Matthew
perfect ready yeah were you worried
about being Paula ravers um no I wasn't
really worried like ever since I've been
with Jason I've always thought love who
you love and I've never just made it
into just one person I I wasn't worried
about it because I feel like
everything's an experience and I feel
like we should experience these type of
things I was actually with somebody else
and I felt like that just wasn't going
anywhere anymore and so eventually
something just pushed me to be like I
just needed to be happy and I seemed to
go for it
and so I decided to leave the person
that I was with and to start pursuing
this and I think the biggest thing I was
scared of is what everyone's perception
was going to be but when it comes down
to it it doesn't matter I'm not doing
anything wrong I don't think so
I think in the beginning there's always
that like uncertainty we're like okay
but means are like we're really open so
free like okay you know we both really
feel him and like we both why him
this is who I am I'm in our relationship
what do you think that you bring to the
relationship Oh Monday now I think I
just bring this sense of joy and peace
what do you think responsibility because
he's obviously because I don't do this
don't do that
Matt I'm like so and of course I'm in
love with Joe and I have been for 12
years but like Matthew coming in as like
this like those butterflies again and I
mean so I'm sure Joe feels the same I
think I bring humor I think I bring a
sort of calmness Jason is he says he's
not that smart I mean he could be kind
of dumb when he says things but I think
he brings intellect and then Matthew as
much older as we are he brings us new
experience that I haven't been known or
I haven't seen definitely a sensitive
adventure I think Joe brings like a more
if something goes wrong in my life I'm
not gonna be like hey Jason
this sounds messed up I'm not gonna be
like hey Jason I need your help with
this I'm gonna be like Joe like I need
XY and Z this happening right now like
what can we do I think Jason allows me
to not be so uptight and not be so
caught up in myself and they bring out
these different parts of me that I don't
think one person has been able to do for
me yet so do you ever worry that you
would love one of them less than the
other
I think is sort of like a given that I
will love Joe more considering the
dynamic and adoration an experience that
me and Joel's been together and I don't
think Matthew would be surprised about
that however as far as like the love
that I put out into this relationship I
don't want that to be an EP nor
undistributed equally I love both of
them really do this love is pretty I
feel like it's locked in and this love
is very like it's fresh love so it's a
work in progress kind of love I don't
say it's like loving one person more
than the other I think that we
experience different people in our lives
for different reasons for me I don't
think it's a matter of me loving one
person more than the other I think that
I love them differently
and I think that's expected because
they're different people so not one
person am I going to love the same way
as I love another person what do you
think is the hardest part about the
relationship is just know I guess
Matthew to be honest because me and Joe
I sort of have that stability and that
security that I have and then Matt
coming into this relationship and me
being like so enamored and infatuated
with him it's like where does he stand
like where when can I have that
stability or that security so okay if
this doesn't work out and they end up
together and I
that's my lick that of course it decide
to be the one to be left out I know my
character and I know there's so if they
feel like they'd want to move on without
mmm I'd be okay with that
think the hardest thing for me is what's
next and I think that's a normal thing
to feel but I don't want to keep
dwelling on what's next even though I do
I'm guilty of it I just want to keep
living in the now and keep pushing this
forward instead of trying to worry about
what's coming I don't necessarily care
what people say
but I know there are negative people and
they don't want to understand but like
if you open your mind if you just like
anything open your mind to anything I
think that's when you can stop being so
negative and I feel like some people
just do that because they aren't happy
about themselves does your family know
you're poly uh-huh everyone but my mom
it's like almost coming out again that's
like being gay was the one thing I
already got kicked out for that and I
think I'm just scared that she'd be like
what the heck I've never really told
them but they see it on social media I
think I expect my reaction when I tell
people like I'm like oh cool like you
were asking me what's going on with my
life right now I think the craziest one
to tell what was going on was actually
my mother but I mean when it came down
to it she's like hey like as long as
you're happy I'm not gonna stop you from
being happy not a lot of people have
that some people can't even tell their
parents that they're gay and I'm lucky
enough to be like hey mom I'm gay and
I'm seeing two people I could have used
my name let me see I can remind you
Matthew what about happy I love you both
so if you're happy together alone I'm
real keen in it eventually but I got
caught me off guard
I said that too they agreed and we do
believe in many different variables so
these things might happen and if they
happen it will happen that's why I think
we are we're less hurt about it because
well you ready you know there's so many
situations
hey everyone if you're lonely like me
subscribe then we can be lonely together
and if you want to just check out more
videos you can watch them right here cuz
if you're lonely you probably have
nothing else to do so in the meantime I
will be right here waiting for you at
the end of another both sides episode
peace love and blessings
