what's that llama and in the Disney I'm
thinking about how person who for some
reason a viral New York Times article
featured 36 questions that could
supposedly make any two people fall in
love we wanted to see what would happen
if we ask these questions to two
complete strangers on a blind date okay
my heart why is my heart girl like this
calm down calm down my name is Jonathan
Corona I'm nervous because okay what
happens if I walk and like spill the tea
or worse like I burp or like I fall down
well hello hi my name is Hannah this is
my first time on a blind date I've only
dated three people in my entire life so
this is something I'm curious to
experience
oh nice double hello that's it thank you
so much
Oh a nice tattoo on your foot on that
foot as well thank you I stupid on your
arm there oh thank you do they represent
anything this is evergreen trees okay
I'm from Washington oh nice yeah very
cool like my roots all right and this
one or is this like a Spring Break
situation you're like hashtag Yolo yeah
I know it says I love you okay what's
your name oh my name is Jonathan what is
your Jonathan I'm Hannah oh yes right
you're a palindrome there you go would
you like to be famous and in what way ah
not really okay more influential maybe
like let's say for example I write a
book okay and then someone reads it's
like oh this guy is so cool and then
you're walking down the street and
something that person who read the book
goes oh my god you're that person has a
great mind are you Jonathan
I don't like yes I am Jonathan pleased
to meet you I think that way also we're
like motivates someone to do something
yeah so that not that type of Fame what
about you I think that I wouldn't want
to be famous
necessarily I think I'd want to be
influential what would it be like what
does that main mission that you have do
you think I think truth over identity I
think there's a lot of voices in the
world telling us what we should be okay
well I think that if you are someone who
is confidently and beautiful yourself
and authentic and real and raw and
vulnerable of people I think it really
opens doors which is I think what we're
doing right now no that's really good
opening doors and say no I thought that
we're doing this is just oh I have three
sisters and they would probably like
relate to you yeah I love your earrings
again thanks it's like what's that llama
in in the Disney Emperor's New Groove
I'm thinking about a person who grew for
some reason
that's what I need oh my god that's
exactly what I need right now
okay what is the greatest accomplishment
of your life I was 17 years old this is
I think the 17 years old I'm driving and
I was talking to my brother like ah I
got rejected from four colleges I just
have one left
we go to the house and right now this
woman that we're living with has like
dsl like internet I'm trying to get into
UC Berkeley and we press the button and
it's the DSL like just just just you
doosh doosh and slowly but surely I see
the words congratulations and my brother
and I we scream we're crying I'm jumping
on the bed I'm like oh my god I get out
the door I get on my knees I look in the
rain I'm like yes thank you so much and
I think at that moment my life just
drastically changed for the better so I
think that's my biggest accomplishment
that I like it in my head so far what
about about yours I did my senior of
high school got to compete nationally in
a competition for musical theater um and
I think that through that experience in
New York that grueling boot camp of
Broadway so to speak I got to really see
how dedicated and passionate people are
about what what storytelling has okay um
serious storyteller that's awesome I
loved it I loved I loved not acting like
enters you into different eras reverent
cultures if you play 1860s may even be
1920s all of sudden you're an alien it
was important I think it gives it gives
like a voice to the marginalized
I think nice yes okay very good yeah so
that's why I love what I do and that's I
think my biggest accomplishment was
trusting that I was meant to do this I
like that that's good no you have no
idea people don't care about
under-resourced communities or
marginalized communities sometimes in
just a house yourself and you can do it
through art how do you feel about your
relationship with
your mother I think my mom is probably
one of the strongest Amit I know no just
because they think she embodies grace
and forgiveness my parents relationship
was a little bit rocky for a while
agreeing up divorced um kind of but then
Brady came back together just like this
beautiful story of like overcoming
challenges and reconciliation and
healing so just the fact that she came
back and good Wow bestowed grace and
mercy upon my father was like really
beautiful to me to watch what a brave
and she's like yeah Roger it really
stood with your mom okay so I have six
younger siblings Wow a big family oh yes
I love them they're my rock I mean this
is where the tattoo is okay I wasn't
asking you to describe that it's a all
my siblings all six of them and one of
them you know it's queer and so I
decided to make the color of color of
love which was cool single mom of the
seven unlike my father she did not leave
us which is really great like she stuck
with us hmm
and then she decided to go back to
school reinstated her pharmacy degree
her license and even though she's 60
years old you know she's grinding away
being a pharmacist but I look at her and
I think wow I respect you so much you've
you've you've sacrificed so much of your
life for us and for that I will you know
always love her for that when did you
last cry in front of another person was
it by yourself if someone's like with me
and we're having a very deep
conversation and they start to cry right
I'll either Holly they're not cry and
like want to be the strong person for
them or I'll completely just like cry
with them like it's like those silent
tears where it's just like you're
staring at them and it's just like a
waterfall you know yeah I mean I'm a
crier I guess yeah you know typical
you're sitting in the car and you play
like moonlight by
and a grande and it's between yeah and
as it's going you're just thinking about
you know memories of your life and then
you're just driving alone is like it's
like a little bit dark and a-one leaner
Road and of course you begin to like cry
but I think the biggest crying situation
I guess like last year I got into like a
major car accident and my car did like a
360 degree thing and I landed on its
tires thankfully and so then I just went
into the shower I turned on the shower
and there's blood was like flowing all
over I just broke down for a second I
think that's the last time I would major
pride everything else is just
intermittent driving in the car ariana
grande thanks for showing that though
that was really coarse of you to share
thank you so much
the final task is without speaking stare
into each other's eyes for four minutes
that's what we're going to do yeah so
the eyes are like I for sure I think are
like a window into the soul so it's like
very vulnerable so you ready for this oh
my god it's actually an acting technique
we use in class I was in exam for a
second okay I think yeah all right this
is gonna great one two three
I think that behind his eyes I saw
someone who really wants to be seen and
understood I kept seeing a little bit of
fear behind his eyes and I wanted him to
know that like I was there for him
I would describe Hannah as someone who
was very like empathetic someone who you
know decides to take a risk but on a
very like emotional level we did this
crazy like hand thing at the end where
it was almost just like I'm here for you
like thank you for this time we got to
spend together
I would say that she's in a way
courageous because not everyone wants to
be vulnerable
why don't you sit back and just
how do you feel okay no it's about you
know
usually sorry all I really know
an affable right yeah
this person would be dope to hang out
with her like friends and her as a
friend and we could just like hang out
like that would be cool is like getting
each other's contact information if we
have any like advice on something
right exactly where's the demo I think
that we're both very different people
but we connected on a lot of cool points
it's called First Fridays I just heard
of it first right there people go out
and they walk along Venice Abbot Kinney
and they eat food from Atok regex so
that's just like I thought you could
bring your friends I'll bring my friends
sure yeah I don't know there's this food
truck sounds pretty cool
I'm a mountains girl but I might I met
bill to make an excursion to the beach
to see him sometime I think have you fun
to go on a second date for sure
hi everyone thank you so much for
watching another episode of tea for two
this is one of my favorite series and I
hope you enjoy it
if you're interested in being in a
future episode click the link in the
comments below that's right and as
always make sure you click here to
subscribe to more videos from jubilee we
make amazing content about radical
empathy all different types of series
and click here to watch more videos and
we will see you guys next time
