I was initially attracted to you because
oh my god I'm like Johnny I'm Rihanna
I'm 32
I am from the East Coast just moved to
LA about three years ago what else
really close to my family and love to
work out I'm Johnny I'm 26 I grew up
around here in Orange County but I lived
in Japan for three years I don't really
like working out but I love to play
outside
so mountain biking rock climbing all
kinds of outdoor activities never have I
ever made someone else pay on a date so
like this is a blind date yeah if we
like if there is food here it's lucky
for you girl huh I mean we think is like
make someone feel ashamed that they must
say is that count
cuz that's society that's not my fault I
haven't been on a date in like 10 years
so Wow I don't have to pay for this one
never have I ever let someone on mm-hmm
intentionally or unintentionally okay I
want to hear your story
I mean unintentionally probably like
flirting is fun when I was first like
discovering myself or whatever like I
think I did that you've both done that
hopefully you're not doing that now
never have I ever hidden a relationship
from my parents I think I had tried but
it wasn't very good
I come from a Muslim family and Persian
I wasn't allowed to date or anything
so my life has been a lot of hiding
what are you successful and hiding it
yeah hard if your audience doesn't want
to believe that you are doing something
it's easy to lie to them not lie to them
Amit
from them I never have I ever felt like
I couldn't forgive myself for something
oh wow I mean I just like I think I'm
just a very guilt oriented person hmm I
feel guilty often and I try not to feel
guilty because if you feel guilty you
tend to do things out of guilt which can
make lead you into like a war situation
yeah I'm not Christians like forgiveness
is really important for me yeah learning
to forgive each other so part of that is
like forgiving yourself you know huh I
like that way of thinking that's funny
because I'm very forgiving to other
people actually mmm but not so much to
myself okay never have I ever been
heartbroken it's like a few days I guess
really that's it yeah there's like high
school relationships you know pretty
quickly really I don't know if that
counts as heartbreak
it felt heartbreak I don't think I think
you need to go read okay okay this is my
answer okay got it
no you if you've been hard working you
wouldn't have a question on whether or
not your work heart broken you'd be
super clear I've gotten better but like
I used to like not be able to comprehend
like rejection and try to like try to
convince the other person that it wasn't
happening and that can create a lot more
pain that sounds like real heartbreak
yeah there we go
never have I ever broken someone's heart
hmm I don't think so well I have a lot
more baggage
I also admitted I haven't been on a date
in like 8 10 years so there's not a lot
of room for heartbreak in there yeah why
haven't you been on a date in 8 10 years
different circumstances I had a bad
habit in college and after college of
liking girls with boyfriends so that's a
good way to stay single also liking
girls in different time zones is a good
way to stay single okay and like I lived
abroad for 3 years no I mean like you
can break someone's heart while being
single Oh
I am afraid of this I am afraid of
breaking someone's heart yeah so that
makes me play a bit more cautiously
don't play too cautiously it sounds like
you are never have I ever cheated on a
significant other no I have not
cool yes good yeah awesome yeah great
we're good people
bonus I was initially attracted to you
because oh my god I'm like what how are
you doing the neutral thing reflects my
neutral heart no okay I feel a little
but thank you though yeah you're welcome
it wasn't that I was unattractive but
I'm trying to tell myself that what I
hope if I had a boyfriend yeah bonus I
would like to go on a second date that's
also an issue I would say yes if you
were to ask me really right yeah how are
you I'm like so confused after you're
like I'm not attracted to you and I are
like let's go on a second date a good
conversation I like getting hostile in
this thing like I'm sorry I'm so
confusing this is probably why I haven't
been on a date in like 10 years this is
your first date in 10 years
what up Jubilee fans thank you guys so
much for watching another one of our
videos we hope you enjoyed it as always
please let us know down below what
you've got and give any questions from
comments
and subscribe watch more videos here
