never have I ever checked you out while
you were changing you check me out huh
did haven't seen you in ages
no it's just been like 10 minutes yeah
my name is Shawna then I know I am 25 my
name is Manny I'm 28
I've actually known him before he was
born but we don't really hang out up
until like you moved in yeah I think so
yeah new going Frasier hey let's do it
hit it
never have I ever made you clean up my
mess three two one that time when I got
really sick outside of the apartment oh
I never seen such followers from anyone
I'm so sorry was like it was like you
were like you were being exercised it
was just like just projects how like
that's really gross but I really
appreciate you guys I Love You Man so I
do the same I think for me it's
definitely the dishes dude I do my
dishes all the time but sometimes you
get lazy yeah yeah for sure
never have I ever hit on your friends
you know man you bring the girls over on
what was supposed to do I just sit there
be quiet yeah I wouldn't be able to oh I
have it mainly because I haven't really
met a lot like you don't bring friends
around a lot right cuz I figured you
guys would hit on so honestly I'm not
surprised though like I give it to me
give it to me never have I ever
pretended not to be home so you wouldn't
talk to me
wait yeah really I mean like you guys
are family to me you know I was I grew
up an only child so being able to have a
roommate or a group of roommates they're
like that are like family to me like
that's dope cat thanks for making me
feel like an ass I don't go to like
extremes in pretending like I don't go
into the closet and clothes off the
lights I'll do that but no there's times
when you just want you to do yeah yeah
it's like man I feel like I'd be not a
good person to talk to right now so I
stay away you're not there no matter
what like if you guys wanted to talk to
me even it feels like it should they
yeah
I'm gonna feel the same I'm still all
yours yeah yeah bond the narration is me
we're going deep now never have I ever
checked you out while you were changing
you check me out huh dude like we're
departmental guys like it happens all
mega high-tech jobs and you guys want to
see some progress you know that's like
objectively I feel we're all
good-looking people in the apartment so
like you're trying to see some other
bonding moment it's a bonding moment and
then I'm let's just say we know each
other too well never have I ever lied to
you okay three two yes
someone's you've lied to everyone at
some point you might be like you're
talking I like white lies yeah exactly
okay okay then let me ask you what's the
biggest lie you ever told me then then I
was okay oh you got you yeah cuz I guess
at that point I was just trying to be
like I was I just wanted to get through
stuff on my own question I didn't wanted
I didn't
to trouble you guys which I guess is
stupid in mice right because I don't
feel troubled when you do yeah I
definitely lied to you for sure yeah
you know white lies and all that stuff
and the same thing when you guys ask me
how I'm doing whatever sometimes I lie
cuz I don't want to get into it or
whatever I mean for you I'm glad that we
were able to like eventually like I was
able to eventually get past that and
able to yeah I guess you truly opened up
yeah
never have I ever been jealous of you
3 2 1
all right my question not not my
question speaking all these chips the
Japan Machu Picchu this okay why are you
jealous of that cuz you want to go right
yeah well I'll go next time I'll go next
time alright I'm just like I'm sure
we're eventually gonna put you in a
suitcase you don't have enough money
with you yeah I guess it's my turn huh
what are you doing
why the fuck are you so good-looking
dude nah dude I think you're you're a
smart guy and all that stuff so when you
do work on like you know your project
stuff I was like man I admire that
but but yeah cool I'll take your on
nextrip let's do it today because though
it's doing see what's happening
never have I ever been ashamed to tell
you something 3 2 1
remember at that time when I had broken
up with my ex yeah yeah dude I was
definitely ashamed to tell you guys that
I was still hanging out with her and it
was like selective you know it was like
I would only come to you because those
are things I could tell you yeah that's
why like I was always there for you
whenever you wanted to tell you you were
yeah
I'm glad that you feel comfortable
coming to me it were us that stuff cuz
it's my turn it is your turn trying to
drag it out
so things I've been ashamed of I guess
it would be like when I had that in my
name to toes it yeah I mean like no
one's ever really proud of when they're
not in a good mental spot right I knew I
could come to you guys and with that
kind of stuff but right it's still it's
still something you're kind of ashamed
of no man you shouldn't feel ashamed man
that's what we're here for
yeah like I said yeah like I like I said
to Peter man it's what would I do
without you exactly what I mean and and
I hope you can say the same thing to you
know is no it really is like you brought
up with a really great point where it's
just like all those times where where
would I be if you were gone Suffolk or
any of our roommates
yeah Dina I thought I'd say like we're
pretty lucky in a sense right to have
such a big yeah yeah no definitely yeah
that's not you there I did never have I
ever cried at the house three two one
we've all cried blue yeah from joy from
a lot of laughing a lot of Oh a lot of
laughing a lot of emotions that a lot of
emotions man we're emotional people yeah
I feel like this like pure Edith in my
life has really changed Who I am as a
this is a very pivotal moment it's 210
yeah I'm definitely gonna if we ever you
know I'm pretty sure we'll go our
separate ways
but uh you know this will be a really
fun memory yeah yeah man high-five -
good times
hey hey guys Jason from jublia here just
want to say thank you so much for
watching that video we hope you enjoyed
it we also want to say a huge thank you
to our sponsors Squarespace if you don't
know Squarespace is an all-in-one
platform where you can build a website
you can build an online store you can
even buy a domain and for all of our
viewers if you visit Squarespace comm
slash Jubilee you'll not only get a free
trial you also get 10% off your first
purchase
who doesn't want 10% off as always thank
you so much for watching make sure you
subscribe here watch more of our videos
here and we'll see you next time bye
