my arm hey babe I'll have you know that
I'm really good at lip reading okay then
I'll just talk like this
my name is Peter Siddhartha I am 26 and
I'm Bethany Struble and I'm 25 almost
seven years yeah okay UK responded oh
she can't hear anything the first time I
saw her was actually on the Internet
yeah I saw her on a website called
lookbook knew and I think she'd comment
on one of my pictures I clicked on it
and I saw her and like given to me don't
point at me makes me nervous the first
time I met her I was a we met for a
photo shoot and we were just hanging out
and as I was leaving she offered to cook
for me when she was like I can let you
leave on an empty stomach I was like
that's the one my ears are ringing yeah
we were both doing a site called
lookbook I liked his outfit and then I
think I commented it or something I
thought he was cute I don't know yeah he
came over to do like this photo shoot or
something and I invited this random guy
to my house and he's big but we had been
talking for a while and I was I was slow
to like make a decision or like even
think in that way it took me a few
months to like really think that oh
maybe I do want to be with
I wasn't sure if she liked me or not
because I told her like a week before
that I liked her and she just kind of
like okay and acted as if nothing
happened and so I just kind of like made
the leap to try to kiss her and as I
went in she like dodged it ha ha ha Oh
wrong that did not read the signal Drake
he went in for a kiss and I was like oh
god I'm like really freaked out at first
but then I kissed him so it made up for
it did you what you mean that I dodged
it and then I was like okay yeah
anything yeah I always remember all
don't was like I went in and you're like
this I thought I always thought I made
the first move you did I guess it's not
really an insecurity it's more of a fear
that he will be taken away on like a
really long job away if he gets like a
big movie or something I don't know she
was the first I guess
non-asian that I've had a relationship
with and at first I was something to
like really insecure about we haven't
really gotten into like a really bad
fight parenting together is sort of
difficult
she has a daughter so um I think the
hardest part is the way people look at
it more than anything like we personally
don't have a problem with it we I got
into the relationship knowing she had a
kid I was 16 so you can imagine there
were hard times but he was there like
about a year after she was born and he's
been there ever since
she does her dishes I always have to
wash your dishes and if you ask her
she's like I'm working on it I've been
washing the dishes for the past two
weeks
and she has been but still if you keep
washing dishes I'm gonna throw up
I wash my dishes I do motive he's
actually a really great dancer and I
never really tell him that but he is
very sexy when he dances but as for
personality-wise what I find the most
sexy is his honesty and trustworthiness
I really like her shoulders I know why I
know it's a weird weird thing session
but I love her personality I've met the
sexiest thing about her the fact that
she could do those stupid faces and dude
little jokes like that he did he said it
first I did I thought she was sleeping
and I said there I think I'm falling in
love with you I think she pretended to
be asleep for that whole duration she
didn't want to say it back yes and you
admitted it like a week later remember I
said I think I'm falling in love with
you oh yeah I do yeah
well I shouldn't know what to say I know
so you just pretended to sleep yeah
maybe I don't tell him enough but I have
told him that I'm really proud of him
just part of who he is
we've been together for a really long
time and really proud of him
I've never felt this way about another
person so he is my home wherever he is
I'm 100% comfortable and I feel safe
yeah actually I wish you would love
yourself like I love you or at least you
would love yourself like you love me I
chose you because you are the purest
human being I have ever met you always
make things lighter for me whether I'm
sad anxious stressed you always there
for me
I need you actually need you got so
serious I almost cried I know I thought
I was like why do you do this we're just
talking about things
no I just said that I'm proud of you
but I do tell you that but maybe not
enough thank you
all I said was I wish you would love
yourself as much as I loved you loved
Pat as much as I love you I love you I
mean I love me too yeah that's it and
you could tell me all that big G side
when we end the car or if you watch on
YouTube I'm not gonna wait down we
didn't cry my mic fell down thank you
thank you for having us
you
