dorky hey I'm in right my name's Linda
and we've been together 13 years my name
is Justin and I'm glad you did it first
cuz I don't know I want to say we first
met I didn't get phrasing straight
around that wrong time I never
approached her so neutral out of my
class like if she was on a scale from
like one to ten she was like a ten and I
was like a two so I didn't know what to
do yeah I was 15 I don't think it was
very standing out is my first impression
of him was probably like a very dorky
band geek gonna curb me the first time
she met me friends out Linda I've been
by myself first one is Tuan Tran why no
last name sure I know she liked my best
friend she thought he was cute I started
a club for animals and he was my only
kind of friend who would want to do
things with me I joined it and my sister
who wasn't in our high school going to
like us three I love critters it tastes
good
I liked her more than I liked the
animals that's for sure we went to a
guinea pig adoption and we clean guinea
pig anuses with q-tips it went super
romantic with me
belinda and my little sister who is also
again third-wheeling and we're cleaning
these anuses and we're just really into
it just goofing around hanging out and
our hands
and there was just like this little like
butterfly moments that I started to
realize all right Jim
later on she asked me to watch a movie
message with Erica she was
third-wheeling I was sitting on middle
Linda was sitting on my right and then
my sister was sitting on my left and
then bullying I had her head on my
shoulder and I'm like oh my god Katie
wife is really Katie I think she likes
me like obviously she likes you
I asked her to be my girlfriend and I
said hey you know I want to stop playing
around and I want to get serious and
before I finished that thought guloona
went up to me you should kiss me lips
and that was my first kiss ever besides
like my mom or something so I was like
taking it back oh my goodness girl
kisses cutely excuse me what is she
doing I think I was just so overwhelmed
by the overwhelmed by his display a
little affection and I guess my natural
response was to give him a kiss on the
lips
it was cold gentle and it just felt it
felt really cool I was like wow this is
this is a moment that I gonna remember
for the rest of my life
she always tossed out of side of her
mouth like she always like hey like like
my name is Belinda and she thinks this
is like really cool I know what are you
doing well I think that he does is you
like to draw on people so feel like
happening a lot or talking on people and
like I suppose me cuz if you like I
determined I was going to propose to her
when I got my my first full-time job I'm
gonna be able to provide for her I lived
with like seven guys trying to just just
scrounge as much money for the ring for
a wedding yeah I did whatever I could
and sorry um
you know what's hoping that I would
interview to get this job and I forgot
that on my interview I had to do a
homework assignment that's when I came
home I was like stressed out and
panicking and I was like crying like
Belinda I've been waiting so many
everyone like seven years for this
moment
and I let it slip and I remember just
banging my head against like the wall
that I can't believe I screwed all this
up and then we're never gonna get
married I called my my boss under the
hay trying an extension but it all was
contingent upon this job and when I got
it he had made a book of the past
I guess seven years of our life together
from high school all the way through
college and the past years probably his
most epic display of a romantic
production that you've ever done I think
ever will I love you because because
you're you you're accepting of all my
flaws all my imperfections and it's just
a really cool thought to know that
someone believes in you in hopes in you
and is always encouraging you and
supporting you through everything
I think I think I love you most of all
because you are someone who cares and
loves deeply everybody in high school
things are going to get married I know
that you would be with me to the end hey
guys this is jason from dribbly media we
hope you enjoyed that video for more
amazing videos please subscribe to us on
YouTube like us on Facebook and watch
more of our content we promise it's
going to be amazing
