I just want to tell them that I
appreciate them and sometimes I feel
like I don't know how to show that
enough sometimes I worry that they don't
know that enough and I worry that all
the time
actually you're to die today
what is one thing that you would most
regret is not how do you pull someone
hmm I would regret not telling my family
and friends just how much I appreciate
the support that I always get from them
Jay tell Monta param dhama read your
simple files I'd be crazy in Sedalia car
the police
earlier today I was in a little bit of a
dispute with a close friend I would
really regret not apologizing and
mending that friendship I would have
wanted to tell my dad and let him know
how crucial his undying love and support
is when I think it's because I want to
believe that they already know I'm not a
very expressive person I don't see her a
lot she works a lot so I kind of took a
step back she struggles to let his love
her.she the struggle to let people love
her
and I think it damaged our relationship
I'm worried that they will feel good and
it will make them feel like you know a
woman's appreciated and then I'm worried
11 done it's messed up but I guess in my
mind if I keep the level manageable then
I don't risk hurting them in the long
run are you ready to bring one of them
with other knowledge use it
okay sure Joey do it now you want me to
do that I don't you should as a nun so
this will be a big flop
yo you got a minute to talk
hi MA how are you doing
don't be alarmed but I just wanted to
take this opportunity to tell you that
you're very special and I'm very
grateful for everything you've ever done
for me and no I'm not dying I will be
coming back home and we will hang out
together but yeah I just I just wanted
to say thank you
you do this by thank you for thanks I
mean periodically do my massage people
face my song happy birthday MA Vinicio
Team Ico Kalamata Pacific 8:00 a.m. oh y
te adoro
ETA me hace falta Okayama condo puede
cuando puede I love it okay I love you
right
I've had quite a unique few months
having lost a really close friend and
its really think a lot a lot about the
people that I love and so I've really
made an effort over the past few months
to just tell everyone I love them and
just everything that I'd want to tell
them if I didn't have another chance so
maybe it's unique circumstance
