and then you keep telling me no mom I'm
still I'm still Virginia have endowed Oh
Oh my name is Shirley I'm the mother of
this I get the talented person you're in
front of me
hi I'm AJ Rafael this is my beautiful
mom a very very very close we have like
a mother-son relationship but more like
a nikolic para cada warm friends so
friendly you know you go never have I
ever kissed someone that I did not know
that was doing like younger teens
ecology ha ha high school but it's just
not for me
Oh nobody Mac and I mean like a Alea
riser that you know attack oh my god
okay I don't know whenever I was single
I guess it's a lot traveling oh I got a
nervous for these hatefully Mesa never
have I ever shoplifted candy 1 2 3 go
how old are you oh my gosh mom we were
like super young I it was like a use
like group of us okay at the mall we
we've done it more than once I'll just
leave it at that all right all right
okay
I think Scott of a growing up yeah you
right
never have I ever been afraid to tell
you how I felt about something okay
ready go mmm see I thought I felt that
before like I want to tell us something
but then I'm so scared do you remember
when I
I think because I during the time that I
was dating kind of like that yeah this
one thing that I I know that you were
kind of scared but I was pushing you
it's kind of like when you're refusing
your virginity here what about it
and then I keep asking you and then you
keep telling me no mom I'm still I'm
still a virgin you know the heaven beldo
naturally I was scared of course
oh never have I ever questioned my
purpose in life you ready 1 2 3
nice mom I'm sure I got it from you and
from dad of course all these new music
was my way of serving people especially
I think like when Dad passed away and
when we took over his jobs at the church
I think it was just clear even though I
was only 10 and you know we're going
through it but I'm I'm glad that I can
answer that question confidently and I
never questioned myself to what's my
purpose here why am i why did I lose him
my you know because I know that I got
put me in this one to take up my my kids
and to give them a better life yeah a
good life when I think about some of my
friends I'm always thinking how lucky I
am to have been raised the way here that
you amazing first time okay never have I
ever been worried about you I always
think about if you're like emotionally
okay you know because you're very just
strong person regardless so it's like
she gonna break down you know which
sometimes you have but a lot of times
you're just so strong and I think
just has to do it with our faith in God
you know he'll take care of everything
it with your future a little bit another
two are capable of raising a good family
but like stability
you know the kind that I'm worried
especially earlier marrying age oh I
know I did say when I was younger I'd be
married by 27 are you doing I'm 28 so
never have I ever wondered how I would
die guarantee take there you go I don't
know I hope I will just die in my sleep
when I'm old I think oh there was one
time through the Sun my co-workers were
talking about how we're gonna die and
sometimes I thought I told her that I
hope when I die I will still be pretty
never have I ever told you why I love
you yeah I thought I have the best son
in the world you know because you helped
me raise up this team you will always
bear you know why do I love you because
you are my son
you're the gift of God you know you're
so special to me I love you for a lot of
reasons I love that you are just
unashamed and that makes me and this can
not of that yeah well long ha ha me
Jasmine Justine are all similar in that
way because because of you so I love
that you support all of us and I love
that we can talk about it I love this
game you can have more fun because of
mom
we did here I'm a celebrity mom now
hahaha as I do have a secret but I don't
know I was telling gosh the shoplifting
thing is such a burden to get off we
would steal in bags really yes
oh my gosh I know nothing you didn't get
caught I know
