this way the questions are distressing
on a little um what do you love about
yourself try love about yourself and we
think one thing I love about ourselves
my personality I'm quite bubbly and a
bit but I'm a pro chable person my smile
yeah because they don't care I'm with
good news generally I just want to
believe in people even if sometimes
they're like ha ha ha come to view
something like you woman it is it hard
to love yourself oh I think so we're
conditioned to be critical of our bodies
were conditioned to be critical of our
ability to parent we're conditioned to
be critical of our houses in the state
of our houses I kind of hated my nose
when I was growing up and I'd always
like everyone's make fun of me and I
guess I kind of learn to love that in a
weird way because I think it makes me
different kara Kundera Canopus avec une
Pengy
porque wa rahmatullah nod picasa de
cemento me a boon de aprender de Tomoko
for Guardia Chilean you can confirm
paralysis might mean philosophy I think
as I've grown older I've meant to
appreciate being different it's quite
fun I Know Who I am I know that I am
strong I know that I am a child of God
and what that means to me
so it doesn't make sense for me to not
love myself if that makes it one thing I
love myself is my honesty
really Akane home Daenerys odo Halligan
Aloha war a panellist Otsuka walk we're
takin time doing go out there I have
this sense of thirst for life
I try to be excited about things that
are mundane because every day should be
special yeah I'm proud of that one
myself I love that but myself
