Jubilee project fellowship is a program
or 12 filmmakers come together to share
their passions their dreams and their
stories hone their talents to make a
difference
before coming to this I had heard about
how you'd meet new people and how you
would learn new things that it's one
thing to describe it but then to
experience that it's a whole other thing
it's not just life-changing it's super
election everyone here is so talented
and seeing everybody come together and
each bring something different to the
table is
they just take away I think it's just
being able to dream big and not be
afraid to take chances and to surround
myself with people who are also ready to
dive in and to take a leap of faith but
really have that core desire in mind to
do something that can inspire change in
the world
I know now that I have a community a
place where I know I can receive support
and love and kindness and it just makes
me want to give all of that back to them
there's so much more to filmmaking than
being technically capable and having
perfect sound or the right camera or
right equipment one of the most
important aspects of filmmaking is
actually living your own journey and
becoming a person that you are proud of
I think I think everyone is going to
continue their own individual journeys
but ultimately they're going to leave
with the sense of fulfillment and
gratitude and these bonds that will last
like
you
