hello
we want to ask you one question
if you can be any age what age would you
be um that's a curveball it's a pretty
good question
um hmm 17 2016 but when I'm older I
could have a sweet 16 party I want to
work on a computer you finally can drive
and you get to go to every party let her
visit who doesn't want to be older when
you're you know 12 after you get over 18
after you get over 21 you stop wishing
you're older and start wishing you were
perhaps a bit younger I would like to be
15 again 16 haha where your mom my mom
cooked for me every night sure buddy was
fun I went through the girls and a
pimple some dates huh I'm not having a
shades great you're just kind of finding
yourself but you didn't have to live in
the real world by yourself yet seven
years old because like you don't have
anything to worry about worst thing that
happens is you have like blisters on
your hands the body isn't quite as
resilient when you're 44 as it is when
you're 24 as of right now obviously
there's still some things that I wish I
could have redone better or done
differently so you know just wanted I
would have mind going back to - let's
just start it all over again see see
what I can do with it
we've been asking everyone the same
question okay if you can be any age what
age would you be
you know that's that's a difficult
question only because I was in a hurry
to get through life consequently many of
those years are a blur we don't want to
go through life having regrets and at
least for me you know my regrets or
result of not being in the moment do you
like being your age I love bein a
teacher even though maybe considered the
autumn of our years just think how
beautiful autumn is and I could be five
because I guess that at school I like
the freedom that I have now I have a lot
more freedom than I did before I grown a
lot I feel like I'm not dependent on
like people for physical things so have
like so many years to really figure
yourself out there's an authority that
comes to saying you're 25 without
sounding too old you can take chances
when you're a little bit more
established in life than you can when
you're you know in your 20s and even
into your 30s one thing I've learned
about life itself
take it in you're really taught missing
out on anything
embrace everything that you can about
your life as it is today
you
