dear mr. president my name is Dakota
green I am 8 years old I have good
grades in school
I'm almost never in trouble and I love
to dance more than anything in the world
every year my mommy and daddy come see
me perform on a big stage they always
tell me to be brave because they'll
always be there to watch me this year I
made a very special dance and surprise
my daddy he loves to come see me
practice and he even dances with me too
but the problem is my daddy is still
away at war please cancel the war so my
daddy you make it home on time if we
cancel the war soon my dad you will see
my dance I even saved him a seat in
front I could ask my teacher to get you
to Italy no I don't think the President
of the United States can cancel war and
why would he come to our talent show
he's a busy man and he gets tons of
letters so I doubt he's gonna read any
of that dear mr. president this is
Dakota green since I found out from my
friend Ivan that ending the war early is
too hard to do I would like to help you
out by joining the army instead
I promise I would be very big help to
your team I only take up a little room
and I could hide in small places also I
can be very responsible I fix my bed
every day now and yesterday I'm up the
entire house just for my mommy
daddy said I would make a great soldier
too and I already know we can make a
good team if son can't lay into the army
and why not because third graders can't
go to war were eight years old here mr.
president
decoded green again you see my dances
next week now and daddy hasn't called in
a long time do you think you can fly my
daddy on your special plane I'll eat all
my vegetables at dinner I'll wash all
the dishes I could even save money to
help pay for daddy's new puzzle person's
supposed to get your letter and less
than one week that's impossible
dear mr. president if you can also send
a big missile at my friend I've been
since he's always my last name how's the
person supposed to know who I am
if you don't even put my last name uh
I'm sorry about your head yeah it's okay
I'm sorry about your dad thanks Ivan you
know you should try writing to your dad
that's what I do when I get sad dear
daddy I miss you very much
I tried to help you come home early but
I don't think mr. president got my
letters mom you said you are taking care
of the country the same way you are
taking care of me thank you for being
brave daddy I wish you were here to tell
me to be brave
you need to promise - I promise I want
to come back
I love you daddy I can't wait free to
come
dear Dakota
I miss you very much
I hope you're taking care of yourself as
well as your dad did I wish you were
home so I could tell you how proud I am
thank you for being brave I can't wait
for you to come home love daddy
you
