the same take one
Oh
Corie drop my childhood was kind of
struggle it was a big struggle people
would say that my name was weird
it's ramyun Bulacan there's a lot of
aids in it a bunch of the other kids in
class asked me why it was so dark and
they didn't understand what Asian was
growing up I was known as the Asian kid
that was really good at math and I
resented that part of me I had a friend
that had asked me where I was from it
was a shock that I encountered someone
that didn't know what someone was or
what a Psalm one looked like they asked
me why I look different why my eyes were
the way they are basically I remember my
mom telling me as long as you got to eat
we were fine um you know so they would
go through you know they eat less meals
as long as I was eating like they'd be
good
um he just had it really hard having
that stereotype that oh you're that
asian kid that's got a math kind of
limited what people knew about me and
what they expected from me and I was
gonna have so much more I come from a
really low income family and I was
stressed about not getting into college
and not having the money to even afford
college like my family can't give me
like $40,000 so I was really looking
into scholarships my parents came from
the islands to America and I'm the first
generation they wanted to give me this
chance you know have a better life than
they did growing up an island knowing
where my family comes from where
education wasn't necessarily an option
but being in a position where I can be
in school and really support myself and
have the support of my family I'm doing
this not just for me but also for my
mother who wasn't able to go to college
so this is something that's much larger
than Who I am if you ask me how do I
identify I'll tell you straight up
I am Filipino East Indian Cambodian the
enemy's Korean Japanese and Chinese
tomboy I am American
I'm proud to be no Asian American
Pacific Islander I let people know
