this is an invitation to those who
believe that ordinary people can do
extraordinary things and that our lives
should we spend dreaming more learning
more and loving more to those people we
invite you to the Jaypee fellowship last
year 13 aspiring filmmakers joined us
for ten crazy days of writing producing
and editing their own short films this
summer we're looking for another
talented group of creatives to join us
once again for an amazing experience the
JB fellowship will involve daily
workshops led by Jubilee project as well
as some of our friends fellows will be
living and working together to learn
share and grow as artists our goal is to
invest in the next generation and to
empower them to do amazing things with
their talent applications are due on
March 24 to learn more and apply please
visit Jubilee project org slash
scholarship here at Jubilee project we
believe in big dreams and living life to
the fullest and we've learned that our
truest life is when we're in dreams
awake
you
