we're about to start the first shot on
the first step mixtapes take seven quite
on set and action mixtapes is a story
about a young couple who falls in love
in Korea and decides to pursue the
American dream and the whole film is
told to the perspective of their son
Paul who discovers their family's mixed
tapes to each other as his journey in
anyway
so this is moments right before my dad
embraces me and my mom is in my head i I
see it this way this is I think the
thing my dad wants little baby and we
all have seen our parents go through so
much and for me and for us I think in a
lot of ways we might make this film for
them as we're shooting for them so
I have no new water boy thank you it is
in the morning and I am delivering
coffee just like I do every day to our
diva okay definitely whoo you know if
it's too hot or if it's too cold no more
sugar and there's probably about like Oh
point zero three coffee in there and the
rest is milk so we're figuring out now
all the way in pg-13 we have to
accommodate for all the background noise
that we're gonna be hearing on set and
there's lots of turtles too so you know
turtles are pretty noisy
our crops for the day let me light him
from this other side - where are okay
I'll do a rim light as requested by DP
Daphne wait don't say this in front of
your family hey we are lighting this one
k seems like this night scene when Paul
escapes from his family and yeah say
something
I'm the best lit BTS person here that's
so boring
I know look at this this is what we're
doing I mean the guy who's talking about
lighting the set okay ready to go when
you put your hand
yeah so what we're trying to do is every
time there's a letter with the scene we
come up with a word that represents that
touch with that letter
so in this case we'll be one point to do
to take one shout-out to Jeanne Moos
we're designing all this person through
the mouth she's amazing in Chinese
kid that allows you to sell inside the
kitten inside the car while inside so
you gotta sort of that real action feel
I get right in there with them so this
is the final C we're about to shoot it
is the scene where Paul and Vanessa are
since you driving on the highway there's
an impending dangerous situation it
comes up so that's a wrap
so that's a wrap all right that's right
let's get out of here take everything
with us and we're down
