honey Christmas maybe next year that is
it last year I want to pony in a house
for my pony with an extra room in it for
me but only pink walls because pink is
my color
Oh friends because if my ponies look you
want me to get you friends another pony
dummy so they can be friends okay
how about some like advice instead I
want candy cane do you want to end up
like me this isn't even real what's
wrong with you man what's wrong with you
man oh this isn't even real next
wait let me guess the all-terrain
three-in-one robotics kit with rocket
booster expansion pack owners are the
same oh come on you have one job and
that's to make these kits happy anyone
could sit there and look jolly even
someone like you who can't get a real
job
so what do you want a little girl I put
that doll over there or maybe a pony or
a robotics kit I have some candy here if
that's what you want come on it's not
that hard everybody wants something what
do you want for christmas
nice try kid no need anything yeah you
got that right
no I want to help you that's cute but
what I want you won't be able to give I
want you to be jolly Santa her name
Ashley
all right Ashley let's see what you got
hey everyone thanks for watching Santa's
present we made this short film as a
reminder that this is a season of giving
we're very excited to introduce you to
Andy who is one of our newest members of
the Jubilee project team we really hope
you enjoyed this home and on behalf of
Jubilee project
