until today we've never done a crazy
thing in our whole life my name is Eric
and I'm with my best friend's Jason and
this is how we do it the truly projects
we don't own marriage to change closets
more alone right now we do fix my
classes they have to change on the
street so what are you have to do it
in 2010 we start a Jubilee project to
make videos on YouTube the more we made
the more we fell in love with making at
the same time we were stuck in
unfulfilled alights but it took us a
while before we got enough courage to do
something about it
that's when Jason left his job in
consulting Eddie left his job at the
white house and I left Harvard Medical
School but before we left there was one
more thing we had to do just met the
President of the United States told him
that we were off to do Jubilee project
the whole time that we were quitting our
jobs leaving our school that was a
once-in-a-lifetime woman instead our
sweet to be moving on from the White
House but we got so much more that were
doing now however many people were
skeptical especially our parents they
broke down crying thinking we were
throwing away our live
in the next ten minutes we want to show
why this decision was worth it
our friend Kate invited us to make a
film about a really special story in
Indonesia I grew up in a typical
American small town I never ever left
the country before but when I was
younger I had dreams of wanting to
change the world and what I didn't
expect was that the world was going to
change me after I finished college I
accepted a fellowship to come to
Indonesia and I spent the year working
here at Roma Gemara and hiv/aids
organization I've never worked really
closely before with recovering addicts
men covered in tattoos and people with
really rough life histories and
experiences
it seems intimidating at first kate
introduced us to her boyfriend jean on
founder of roommate samara and leader of
the aids movement and the first hot icy
face i arrived at 7 o'clock in this new
city i knew nothing about it and then
all of a sudden I see this hand sticking
up from the corners tattooed arms waving
his hand and kind of called me over and
just gave me a huge hug
we are in
that's what coalfield is very special to
the community there it's a very poor
community that lives there and they're
just so passionate about wanting to be
better for themselves or better for
their kids I think people love playing
there so much because it represents what
it means to be a family
just lost the kids too old for this
comeback thank you though and I beat
them even though realized that day we
met this amazing kid you need the job
the job is a sweet lovely beautiful boy
lives near the soccer field in that
neighborhood so full of positive energy
are you dancing
but he has a pretty tough life his
father is struggling with the drug
addiction and hiv-positive and his mom
is a sex worker and she works on a
different Island since she's not around
and so he doesn't have parents present
in his life
so I worry about the future
he's like a son to me and Seguin on
but while we were there a jar became
sick
I don't know if feature hottest HIV
positive or negative well his dad is
living with HIV and his mom has a very
high-risk job as a sex worker which
means that Fiji odd is certainly at a
high risk of having HIV but it's very
often that you might not see any
symptoms in a child until they're six to
eight years old even if they're positive
so they might see very healthy they're
all to help it the jar was scared to get
tested so we decided to go first
HIV is associated with being immoral and
even though clearly this poor boys are
nothing at all
immoral he'll still be on the receiving
end of
and of hate that he were positive and
anyone found out that he were positive
then most parents at that school would
probably petition to have him kicked out
of school and that has happened several
times how lucky we are if we can live
our life just the way we are
I was always kind of amused that as
different as we were on almost every
level we had the same values and that we
had the same kind of positive vision our
vision it's dreaming Indonesia without
stigma discrimination toward people
living with HIV he's Indonesian I'm
American this is also about the stuff
he's covered in tattoos I don't have any
that is a moment that I don't have
courage to live my life he has this
history and background of drug addiction
I don't have any futures I picked out by
my father I living on the street he's
HIV positive and I do not have HIV in my
head is death death and then I thought I
gonna die soon
if you got to live a normal happy
healthy long life it would make me so
happy because he is so precious and he
has so much to give the world that if he
had the chance to do that and to live
his life fully the world would be in for
something really special
they RV I think twice a day
yes 10 miles back
another really well on the treatment
that he's on tireless undetectable I've
been living with HIV already 7 years
it's a lot of my friends I'm not taking
the IRT and then they pass away what
would happen to the Global Fund stopped
giving money to Indonesia
and most people can't afford to pay for
the medicine themselves with the issue
with the Global Fund it's like life and
death if all of a sudden he has to stop
taking those because they're no longer
accessible that means all the progress
he's made reverts
that means he's essentially living in a
world where people didn't have access to
this medication and when you get HIV you
die and that means ya don't want to go
there
I certainly did think about the fact
that he has HIV because even though when
you're living with HIV you can live a
long healthy life and his viral load is
undetectable so he's you know non
transmissible to be I think it's still a
concern that you think about worried
about of you know is he going to really
have a long healthy life am I really
protected you kind of think extra hard
about things that you know to be
treatable if I feel much thinking about
that and I think I did call it a date I
would rather thinking about life I will
be alive you know so many people here
have struggled through so much and I've
relatively struggled through so little
in my life and the way that they
struggle through that keep a huge smile
on their face are always looking for the
next thing they can do to make a
difference and help other people even
though they struggle do things that's
what I want to be like that's what I
want to be able to do with my life
so was it worth it I'm not gonna lie
we had doubts about leaving behind the
comforts and stability of her jobs in
school it's because ever since we were
kids
we were taught what it meant to be
successful get straight A's go to
Harvard become a doctor lawyer or
businessman but the truth is even with
all that success we felt empty and even
fell into depression we realized that
these things were never going to fully
satisfy us that's why we took a leap
hey everyone it's been a little over a
year since we took that leap of faith it
hasn't always been easy but it's been
the best year of our life getting to
pursue what we love and then time with
can get out of this really special and
really touched us and inspired us to
live for something much greater than
ourselves that's why we're very excited
to announce the doobly project or if
you're interested in inviting us out to
your school or your church to talk about
what it means live for something greater
please go to this link right here that's
right I also finally check out our new
t-shirts shape II love t-shirts every
one of these icons represent something
from one of our films so go to the GIC
store comm and buy one now so join us as
we continue this journey together we
could be a glimpse of Jubilee and the
soft and broken but beautiful world
shape you love
you
