you
hello mom and dad give me a squat down
lavet this is Jamie
and I'm gonna make one ratio my name is
Carlton states
what would you like to know
what is my dream
what is my dream my dream my dream is to
give my whole apartment and we're all
friends oh my dream is to make any music
music my passion I want to go to school
for music so when I'm gonna get my
prosthesis I'm gonna be able to walk
upright I'm getting ready to walk
straight my dream sattell home that's
pretty simple huh
I have a home a job be packing the
mainstream in life again my dream is
just be alive I mean breathe survive
you're treated with a lot of disrespect
when a person thinks you're homeless
90% of the time it's given me a lot of
information and a lot of things that you
are for when this ends because I I think
differently than I did before about the
whole being African American living in
the United
I do not believe in a sister it's not
built for me to have a steam about
myself everything that's already set up
in place it's already built in line for
you to hate myself the lack of proper
education you know the lack of
preparedness based on what this country
is supposed to provide in this land of
opportunity I don't see too much
opportunity here in Skid Row Skid Row's
a place where you come a lot of times
when you've lost all your dreams
you come here because all the resources
are supposedly here so you can get your
life back together but then there are
the negative elements here on Skid Row
that can pull you back into that old
life so it's hard for you to dream
audition
is using crack-cocaine which I've been
using for I'm sixty years ago now I
began at the age of 25 and screwed up
being a hair not heroin act gonna heroin
act and blue Canyon and enjoy a dream I
think I'm I took back sometimes I am
look at my past mistakes
acted well
I tried to
slacker logically okay I just overdosed
last year I was in a coma for two weeks
I got out it took me five months when I
walk again
and I've been trying to learn how to
walk but I get I can't really do that
well it's hard for people to have some
truth and they're all kinds of
substances but a controlling before a
lot of people options here a lot of
people here are in this situation they
want to be my dream
somebody important talk to people about
the situation
my dream is to become a pastor because I
feel like that God has called me to that
and to actually reach out to people that
have gone through what I've gone through
right now my dream is to help others who
know they're not going through the same
trials and tribulations with bad friends
I just want to make our life better so
that he can grow up it
we live in our own house at boneyard on
that we're not all beggars down here
we're not all people that are that
asking for a handout we're asking for
help and assist it with what we want to
do we want to do it for ourselves
but we can't do it without healthy
people who voted for minimize deposit or
Skid Row and say well it's a little bit
different than the shanty towns but you
paid but that you know some type of
thermometer and paid and say well this
person's Bam's meaning that person
throughout this whole 50 block community
what I see is homelessness some people I
even see hopelessness but one thing that
is present in every each and every one
of us is dreams and there's a whole lot
of dreams here in Skid Row it's
important to dream dreams because that's
what wakes you up in the morning that's
what gets you out of bed
that's what makes you walk put one foot
in front of the other and aspire to get
anywhere faith hope that's the only
thing keeps me going sometimes that's my
fuel and the only thing I'm running on
at the time and that's why the dreams
people here on Skid Row
so what people can do is listen to our
voice it's two sides to every story just
hear both sides then - are you
here we have fantastic wealth and we
have the technological possibility of
making everybody on earth the enjoyer of
an independent
