ready so you guys what are we doing um
we are gonna have a lot of fun today so
some of you may know that this is our
two year anniversary of our video love
language and what we're going to do is
go to our local grocery store put these
words of encouragement post notes all
over the store hopefully make someone's
day we're excited because there are
about a hundred people around the world
who are joining us to this movement so
we're excited gonna have a lot of fun
thing is we have to do it very secretly
and not get caught so we'll see how well
we can do that we are working on
University
but to sticky note on involving door and
people really successful because they
have to look at them all the pushing it
why don't you close beauty like he never
a motion to this week college is not all
about grades so don't stress too much
during Xion take a break sign laughter
enjoying your friends around capture
life as it happened how to some pieces
don't be burdened you know it's free
so my love it I got a parking ticket and
this one says you must be a
ticket cause you got fine written up a
little for you it's a bumpy ride but you
eventually get there I'm going to take
this on this bike so the owner of the
bike whoa it's a dark world and you're
the life so I'm gonna put on that lamp
I felt like we accomplished so we saw a
lot of power hey guys that's a wrap
thank you all for joining us for a love
language challenge and in case you were
wondering we have new t-shirts on what's
your love language right there are
awesome because you can write notes to
yourself or you can buy one and write a
note to a friend and give it as gift but
we're just selling a small number of
them right now you can buy yours at DG I
see store calm so get yours now JP low
12 doing gauges
you
