my god oh my god oh my god oh sorry
excuse me oh there are people we
encounter who changed the trajectory of
our lives
Richard was one of them but let me start
from the beginning it was the first day
of college and you know what that's like
hi I'm Andy hey I'm Andy sup I'm Andy
shoot him late yeah that's me
sum it up I was a nerd yep the type in
there that builds extra-credit molecules
before the first day of school I am
sorry
did you catch that that's Natalie well
we'll get back to her later hey I'm
sorry I'm so sorry I was like the class
oh man go over me let me help you
your freshman huh Thanks all right buddy
first lesson in college know where
you're going
where you headed anyway mechanic
chemistry 214 Logan home look at holes
that way all right
but
needless to say it was a rough first day
of school but for whatever reason richer
was nice to be done the organ
you got finished last week um did you do
15 by any chance you know the one with
the polymethyl methacrylic yep
right um you helped me with that one
sure to be honest I don't exactly
remember little talk but here's the
important dude your natural like this do
you want to be a rocket scientist or
something no actually I want to work at
a software company
really I actually internet one last
summer no way yeah I'm jealous that's my
dream over time we became good study
buddies and eventually great friends
Richard encouraged me to be more
confident and to step outside of my
comfort zone remember Natalie that this
covalent bond goes over here about right
right Andy Andy oh yeah that's great I
mean that's right wait a second it's a
girl isn't it who is it so dan the blue
I think she's in one of my classes don't
be so obvious she's cute she could talk
to her
I want to know what to say well I start
by telling her about your pokemon card
collection really he thinks she's like
that no that was just a joke never tell
anyone about that ever why don't you
start by introducing yourself I never
really talked to girls Andy you're like
one of the best guys I know okay I'm
gonna do it
turns out natalie was really nice and
also needed help with her or go Homer
soon everything else starts to fall into
place hey Richard
oh I got that interview for the
internship at your company this summer
oh my god oh my god oh my god Richard
I'm terrible at interviews all right
let's try this one more time but I also
learned that change is never easy
so mr. Park why don't you tell me why
you want to work for this firm well I
guess because I always wanted to use my
engineering background to help others
right now tell me about your leadership
experiences I don't have any no I
wouldn't say that but actually that's
funny because they know you're a
freshman and you don't really have that
many anyways but you know that reminds
me have you ever thought about running
for engineering Society president no
this is my last year as president and I
actually think you would do a great job
no I don't run for anything if it's not
a problem
you know I think you're well qualified
you're passionate you're super smart
you help me with my homework all the
time dude we can even make flyers and
have fun with your face on it and so
Richard I'm not gonna run for that we
just get back to this all right what
would you say are your greatest
strengths well I guess I'm good I
engineering you're good at engineering
dude that's a terrible answer
try it again seriously what do you think
are your greatest strengths sure I don't
know and you can you just think for one
second I mean I can think of ten things
you're incredibly good at and you came
and think about one just help me out
here we've been doing this for two hours
sure I'm not you I can't be present I
can't do this interview okay
the funny thing about life is the
greatest fear is often allowing
ourselves to imagine what we can become
I never showed up for the interview I
was afraid of failing but to be honest I
was more afraid of letting Richard down
hey Andy its Richard I haven't seen you
in a couple weeks and you haven't been
in class just wanted to check in on you
hope everything's all right give me a
call back I later realized that Richard
only pushed me because he saw something
in me that I hadn't seen in myself I can
vouch for him
he's incredibly smart and he's a really
great guy please interview him for the
summer internship just give him a chance
his belief in me inspired me to believe
in myself so I decided to take a leap of
faith hey need a hand there are people
we encounter who changed the trajectory
of our lives
Richard was one of them I wouldn't be
Who I am without Richard over the past
year I've gotten to know this guy really
well and I've had the privilege of
forming an incredible bond with him as
his mentor so that's why today I'm
extremely proud to introduce him for the
first time ever as the next president of
the Engineering Society my close friend
Andy Parker
thanks Richard I want to start by just
thinking everyone here today
you can't go how much our greatest one
is someone who inspires to be what we
know we can be
I can
I can
you
