two years ago we made a video about love
our message was simple no matter who you
are what you look like or what you've
been through you are beautiful this
video inspired hundreds of people to
create countless variations of these
films it is done and you've come to find
stores are slitting your quiet breathing
something
because of you love language has
supported thousands of people who suffer
from disabilities and raised twenty-five
hundred dollars for the American Society
for deaf children we're so grateful for
your support and we're really excited to
announce a new jubilant project video
series called doing good as contagious
or DJ icey where once a month we go out
and create a grassroots video following
us making a real difference in our
communities we at the Jubilee project
want to do more than simply raise
awareness we also believe in taking
action and so for our first DGSE video
we're going to commemorate our two year
anniversary of love language but we need
your help here's what we're going to do
we want you to write your own messages
on post-it notes and then go out and
give them to people or place them in
public areas for others to see these
notes can include messages of love
personal encouragement or inspirational
quotes and be sure to film all of this
along the way but here's the thing we
need to do this in the next two weeks
and then send us all your footage via
Dropbox by October thirtieth then we're
gonna take all the footage and make it
one big video yeah and we're really
excited about this series because we
want to create a movement of young
passionate people who can do
extraordinary things join us in being
the change help us make a difference and
now go
you
you
