your most beautiful when you're mad at
me
your most beautiful when I come home
after a long day at the office when
you're bossing me around your most
beautiful when you're on that drow no
makeup your most beautiful when you wake
up in the morning especially when you
have your mouth going on your most
beautiful wind I'll see you and your
sister doing homework together your most
beautiful when you help me dress in the
morning when you're talking about your
dream your most beautiful when you tell
me why we need a woman president excited
let alone say run the minute I'm thought
if they really allowed me when you're
laughing at my stupid little jokes when
I see God in you when you're taking care
of the sick your most beautiful when you
dance your most beautiful when you make
no sense at all your most beautiful when
you believe in yourself your most
beautiful when I think about you as a
month when we fall asleep together on
the phone your most beautiful when I'm
wrong your right your most beautiful
when you smile when you see me when
you're the last person I see before bed
and the first person I see when I wake
up your most beautiful with each new day
as we grow old together your most
beautiful when you always beautiful
Becki spine is very excited to
collaborate with the Jubilee project not
only to empower women but to celebrate
the women in our lives
