when I grew up in the bar way I lived in
a place where weekends were reserved for
funerals
funerals of people who are dying from a
type it was the treatment
on this 20th anniversary of World AIDS
Day I think it's appropriate to look
back for a moment to when this day was
first observed
this year's slogan stop aids keep the
promise is a time limit and the Apostle
Paul's letter to the Corinthians he
asked if the trumpet does not sound a
clear call who will get ready for battle
we as leaders must continue to sound
that call and encourage others to see
themselves as leaders in this fight and
we must reaffirm our own commitment to
confront and defeat this disease once
and firm
AIDS is the most important wedge we've
had to drive for it a much more
ambitious agenda which is basic health
care for everybody who needs it tomorrow
he's I anytime oh yeah to see see see
students really don't have the kind of
conflict of interest that so many others
do they can point to some of the
problems that others would like to see
hidden away or problems that are
neglected just threw in attention
is in Haiti my co-workers called aids
swat-bots I which means battle horse and
what they meant was we ride that into
the battlefield and the battle we're
fighting is not for one disease but to
improve medical care for people living
in poverty activism has played a huge
role and speeding up this process
without losing you know any kind of
quality and I think moving forward we
have to find a way to harness that
energy into this broader goal which is
basic health care for people living and
without it
you
