oh my god so we were very nervous but at
the same time we were excited to come
out of our comfort zone and do something
different you think we're shooting with
I don't know I think I'm gonna be a
painter other musicians maybe it could
be anything YouTube we come in and we
usually have music in front of us I
really had no idea anything to be thrown
at us what if it's like a disco band so
we are all members of Kathy's quartet a
string quartet based in LA and we donate
a portion of all our proceeds to
charitable organizations dedicated to
animal welfare hello my name is Marcela
Martinez and director Maria Chilean does
mexicanos Maria cheese's style mai tai
chi's culture tradition and it's very
special to us
do you
other musicians that's great
well we could hear it walking in I was
pretty psyched because I like mariachi
music a lot it's so joyous and you can't
help but feel happy and so you're a
mariachi band yes what's the name of
your group that's mighty at Union that's
Mickey can you see if any other nation
thinks that will make it go they think
of a mariachi it's an occupation of
musicians act like specific instruments
that are made only for the sound of the
Mariachi for someone who was trained
closely to try to play other genres of
music it's been great in that regard to
explore other genres and play like just
besito I hear it's actually pretty fun
and besides that we like to empower
women through our music and power people
you know to keep going to keep pushing
to keep learning I was thinking maybe we
could take like a a classical tune maybe
we can add some okay we can take a piece
that we know it's a popular classical
music piece what I'm thinking like we
start with something I mean to play to
it like really passionate and serious
and then after like one or two phrases
and kind of like morph it it's like a
really fun thing when you play with a
small group of people four people three
people you're all communicating you're
all listening to each other there's
still the basics of rhythm and the chord
structure is all there it's kind of
scary the same time because you don't
know what kind of musical level they are
I was curious could they just fit
themselves into this piece without
having music in front of them and they
could immediately just the chords and
then they make it sound like a
completely new version of it I think
guys want to come like jump is let's try
it it's indeed
we start playing and they sort of
feeling that but you know the melody
okay let me see
okay so yeah what do you guys got
we got enough wimpy stuff went there
which is a fountain possibly tree
musicians tend to stick to the notes
mariachi players are amazing than we did
a lot of times they could just learn by
year they got dabs they just switch on
the control of a dime savate expressing
our feelings and release their emotions
through music I love that song the guy
reminds me of money Sedna very goofy
very upbeat very funny
I made up the lyrics and it was a face
week one minute I make make up the
lyrics I think they come a good I lost
you when I thought I was not gonna find
you today I found you all my love I've
very antsy to love you I believe that
you are from Mars so it's kind of a woo
then I I lost you a minute aren't you
and then well yes you wanted are you to
one it they're just excited and happy
and easy to work with and good players
like this okay actually maybe stand up
and show your that's so special yeah
yeah I'm really excited about what we
did
cool combination and think we'll be put
out was fun looking forward to seeing it
it's fun and it's nice and it's super
classy with the beginning of this song
and then getting to feel or style to at
the end we're ready let's do this
you
