what is something that you wish you
could change about yourself my smile my
eyes my acne my face the way I see
myself
if there is anything I wish I could
change about myself it would be my
social anxiety I have lost so many
friends and so many opportunities of
making friends due to the fact that I
have always been too afraid to speak I
wish I could find a way to get the words
out I wish I could change how I see my
body I know I'm not overweight but since
gaining back 40 pounds from anorexia I
can't help but feel disgusting I wish I
could change my sexuality so my dad
would accept me again I'm never happy
with who I am unless I prove it to
myself I'd like to be okay with who I am
even when I'm not doing anything
I'm extremely sexual but as a girl it
makes me feel like a whore I hate that
girls feel that way like if they have a
sexual side to them that they have to
hide it and suppress it but it's okay
for a man to sleep with multiple women
because I makes him a stud but for a
female if she expresses any sexual
desires and all of a sudden yeah she is
a whore but she's not it's just normal
human nature I often see myself as an
alien compared to other girls my age I
feel like no one else struggles and
everyone lives a perfect life I wish
other people would open up more what is
something that you wish you could change
about yourself it says my smile my eyes
my acne my face the way I see myself
that's a lot of stuff there's a smile
that you make for photographs like a
fake smile like you know and then
there's like the real smile that comes
from real joy and real accomplishment
and real interpersonal relationships
with people that is like impossible to
capture in a selfie you know that's like
your real smile like look for your real
smile look for look for like the real
light behind your eyes and learn to look
at that person learn to love that person
you know get that stuff that you can buy
online that you put on your face for
your acne it works I guess that's what
they say on the commercials sometimes I
wish I could change my ethnicity I feel
like no matter how far I get it'll
always be easier to be white
it's gonna be hard for you no matter
what complexion you are but I get this
when I was younger I I can definately
side with that but as I've grown up and
I've started to love myself and value
all the things that I bring to the table
as well as my nationality or background
or ethnicity has to offer I am so proud
to be Who I am
you
