in an effort to not have challenging
conversations in this day and age it's
like what you do you like whatever's
best for you but then what if best for
you is actually harmful to yourself
and/or others you never know how bad you
feel do you start feeling better than
you've ever felt in your life and I've
been on both ends of the spectrum and
damn it's very different to now being
like really focused on the mind body and
soul like really having all parts just
as equal as the other for me I am a
cancer survivor and so my entire life
now is about making sure that I have a
life you know to continue so yeah I was
diagnosed with lymphedema at age 3 which
affects the circulation for me through
my legs and feet so health for me has
always been at the top of my mind
because if I don't take care of my body
like my I could have an amputated foot
or leg so it's nothing that I play
around with all of my family almost has
suffer from diabetes heart disease and
stuff like that so that's why I'm extra
conscious about my health because I
don't want to come down with any of
those diseases
I've been working out consistently since
I was 19 years old I used to work out
two hours a day but then I realized
that's way too long so now my workout
session that would wait for about 45
minutes and then the rest is stretching
and cardio and I spent a lot of time
stretching because it allows me to get
in the zone kind of like a meditation of
sorts it's all mental like I go to the
gym or workout or do something kind for
my body in forms of movement every day
because it keeps me sane like if I don't
go there then I feel like something's
missing I get a little bit depressed
singing all by myself back there I was
going to the gym raillery every day for
like six months and then my life shifted
I lost my father a lot of things
happened in my life that threw off my
whole routine and so the point when when
I was going to the gym to bed early I
felt like my brain felt happier like
I've gotten that feeling back in other
ways I have no desire in me to change my
body in any way I like my buckets a
little bigger no no not at all
see this is where we're gonna get
because I will tell you not every big
person wants to be small my mom had me
Weight Watchers in junior high like so
my relationship with food and what I'm
putting into my body has been like
completely can weekers fucked up like
since the very big headache severe sugar
addiction since I was a kid and like the
binge eating like it makes you feel like
everything I can't have this this is an
enemy so when I see it like you have it
I'm like oh I want to eat it all every
day I wake up I have a green smoothie
I'm always very conscious of like what
I'm putting into which i think is i'm
going to say the controversial statement
i think is something that people would
never think is true based off the size
of my body there's so much studies that
are coming out like in terms like your
microbiome like the microbiome that you
have like you can literally eat green
smoothies and eat like everything you're
supposed to be eating
and not lose the weight because we've
been imbalance in your microbiome and
like and then people who are thin
they're just really thin but they eat
McDonald's every day but they don't
realize is how much they're clogging
their arteries and they die of heart
attacks more than quote-unquote big
people I would have people like some
family members be like oh you look a
little heavier than you did last year
and then other family members that were
a lot more direct like when are you
going to lose the weight and it's been
like that I would say my whole life and
then we got to a point where I was
getting compared to my little sister
who's like beautiful and thin and it's
like it is so hard not to compare
yourself to other people it is so hard
to have a healthy relationship with food
and with fitness and just with other
people and it became so difficult to
break out of that and to really love Who
I am inside
my stepmom would take like if I had a
wrapper of chips like in my room like
she would put it on top of like Mike my
dresser and say like I'm not the reason
why you're fat this is like it was all
very like but it was super crazy
psychological because I was like we've
never even discussed this before I'm
from Texas we all eat soul food so
everybody was eating the same shit food
so with my mom 250 pounds my brother 350
pounds but I saw that I was eating the
exact same foods and I didn't even know
until I got around Los Angeles health
conscious people I'm like what what you
mean to tell me you don't have freaking
bacon cheeseburger every single day I
didn't know it so when you gotta tell me
what triggered it in your head that said
oh this to me is the right way for me to
I wanted to be a model the idea that you
wanted to become a model and the only
idea of model to you Matt being thin or
fit or whatever that beat all I saw
because it wasn't as popular like
plus-size wasn't popular back then we're
not it's 18 years old it's still it's
still opened up way more than the
conversation I will say is much more
broad now I feel like we're we're able
to talk about these things a lot easier
now than we were before but what the
actual way that the industry treats
plus-sized
models is totally different this
question makes me very passionate this
is really big for me because I've been
like come for from other body-positive
influencers but I feel like that
messages as other people put out are
very dangerous to a young woman who
thinks that it's okay I don't care what
size you are it's not okay to sit and
eat cheeseburgers an ice cream all day
like that has nothing do with your size
I think there's a difference between
acceptance and agreement so like you can
accept your body and be in disagreement
with the health situation that you have
right like we here fit experts always
saying be skinny lose weight that's the
healthy weight your face we don't say be
fat because it's better for your heart
it's better for your soul it's better
for your you I'm gonna say even what you
just said like body acceptance versus
body agreement like to you you might see
one of us and be like oh they love their
except their bodies but I'm sure they
don't agree with what it looks like I
mean I wouldn't know unless I talked
with someone but like whatever the
numbers like whatever like is coming up
in terms of like you know when you go to
the doctor like the other day as fit
people when you see a person who is
overweight or fat or obese however you
whatever term you want to use what's the
first thing happens in your head do you
think like oh like it's greater they
accept me selves but they could use to
lose weight or what is your first
thought my very first thought no one's
like born that way so you you like
there's habits and things that you
observe parenting and stuff like that I
didn't really know what to expect today
I didn't know how the body positive
individuals were gonna come across I
didn't know if they were for a healthy
lifestyle or not but I think it's
beautiful that you guys acknowledge how
important it is to keep yourself healthy
do I feel like there are people in the
body positive community that say well
I'm just happy being fat and I'm just
gonna lay down and just do that yeah
absolutely absolutely
i fat pride hashtag fat pride is like
was something that was going on it's
just funny big buzzword everyone you
said something at some point that body
positivity and like health and stuff is
different like is that what everybody
thanks the actual body positive
community was created to give a platform
to bodies that have been marginalized in
our society that's what it was actually
created for me big body big disabilities
what are you different races and i want
to scream because i'm like actually this
is not meant for you this is meant for
bodies who who don't have a voice the
fitness community is the reason why the
body positive community exists and i
think that as a community it's important
for you guys to be a little bit more
inclusive people come up to me i think
we really did find a middle ground but
we did i think we all realize it it's
like not it's not this line that's
riding it you go out hey guys jason from
jubilee here we hope you enjoyed another
episode of middle ground honestly this
is one of our favorite series to me and
we hope you enjoyed to let us know in
the comments below what you think about
this issue and if you agree or disagree
with anyone as always make sure you
click here to subscribe click here for
more videos follow us on Instagram and
we will see you as later
you
