wouldn't monopoly yeah I mean give him
water works
well scroll cash let's wait for a Ouija
board
what's the reference my name is Kieran I
am a senior banker the reason why I do
what I do is to help individuals with
financial literacy
my name is Amos and I'm a student a
social-media influencer and a Christian
apologist Wow that is amazing
my name is Michael Chang I am a founder
CEO of 11 recruiting they love finding
people jobs and creating dreams my name
is Josh Jackson I'm a video editor
that's cuz I love editing videos been
doing it since I was 14 years old
viral you're just leaving alright it's
40 bucks it's 40 but wait you you don't
have a house yet so I don't have a house
it's just gonna be a bug swindle me I'm
just trying to struggle in the same
struggle so how much would you chop off
a limb for like how much of a limb how
about a foot no and it would be like a
whole arm or left nipple your
non-dominant arm may be a billion
dollars I'd probably win you in or any
price yeah if you think about a body
part and how priceless it is think about
how much more precious your life is like
your soul anyways five six seven eight
if I have to go to jail oh dude dude
you're incarcerated
answer this question or pay a hundred to
the bank how much do you make
I make fifty five a year I think I made
24k this past year me I'm student right
now so I'm technically nothing yeah bye
I'm business owner so technically
nothing but last year my w-2 was
$350,000 can you dump me is it too old
to be a doctor let me get your ball to
Gavin and then you can have this yeah
this is a loss for me but I'll hook it
up now you got a double hey don't gotta
criticized for his decision I am buying
six houses oh don't worry you pass go
you just give me your money
I'll help you out once you get lower I
told Mike the same thing are you play to
win now just plan to be here the $250 I
would pay my rent I actually have my
niece coming to visit me I actually
thought about this I was looking to
donate it it'll be a great time to take
her around let her do things so she
would like to do I probably would get
some groceries yeah seriously
are you satisfied with the amount of
money you have right now at this point
right now I'm pretty satisfied because
I'm pretty big on the whole like
minimalist movement like I don't even
have a couch or nothing you want all
this stuff order you kinda just like I'm
cool with sitting on the floor like who
was giving away Baltic Avenue yeah you
let him live that there are you know
like I think that's gonna cost the game
yeah seriously
nah nah we'll be okay he's the only
person with a monopoly right now uh-huh
I felt bad cuz he was in jail but we'll
be okay I'll go to jail if you want to
trade what was the most financially
desperate time of your life how did you
deal with it
I'll go first 2004 parents moved out so
I basically got rid of the place I was
living at I literally ate TV dinners and
microwave food for like a whole year and
a half I was actually 27 at that time
did you feel because you were such an
iCal Oh financial like area did that
gave you like a dry oh yeah to like
make a lot of money it's because I had
to go through that struggle my emotional
support was was limited I saw was on the
other side it was the really good I knew
I couldn't be success I knew I was gonna
be great at what I'm doing I just had to
get through this it's the most
financially difficult time of my life
was pretty recently actually I was at a
pretty constant freelance gig I could
think where they would just call me
every week and be like hey King come in
these days one day they just stopped
calling do not have to find something
that's more like consistent Myles was
similar to Mike I was 22 I just was
trying to be a full-time student
full-time work and then my grandmother
told me that my little brothers had to
come live with me
and I was already making it on a hundred
dollars a month with groceries and I had
to come to the conclusion that I
couldn't play hero that I had to let my
grandmother know that Wow I thank you
for raising them and continue that I
need you to finish it for me it's better
financially for me to take care of
myself to the bring anybody else with my
struggle it's awesome now is you for
standing for yourself yeah
the imagery that I always say with that
you know on the airplanes when they tell
you always put on your gas mask before
you help others oxygen mask
yeah oxygen mask my gas mask I wouldn't
be good I guess for me it would be my
childhood cuz I grew up super poor and
like a lot of nights with no food and
you know gonna sleep hungry and that's
why I don't really idolized money or
possessions but rather I try to make
friends and try to hang out more gods
get I'm here today so alright look the
three of us we need monopolies he has us
he has the ones we Ness so we gotta do a
triple tray service both give him a
green and he gives us yeah before you
give you both the green so then you have
a yellow listen the game of Monopoly is
too much I got a big heart okay love
that yes now we're all in the game okay
all right now I just mean I love you for
that we need more people in life are you
what is a secret to money or success
that everybody should know to make money
you have their look to be risk money as
well
and I'm going to add to that and in
terms of not being attached to what
money means to you if you disconnect
that attachment to it what dreams it
could create then it opens up a lot of
possibilities I feel like a secret to
success is finding happiness with what
you got right now so if you're happy now
and you get that thing and that's like a
desert baby you know it's like oh you're
happy already amen yeah
yeah yeah an IP okay roll the dice the
highest roller made dere the others to
do anything to get out of a dare pay
$125 to the bank oh that's good dude
you're going to bathroom it's how about
we were all the dice and whoever rolls
the highest gets to created there for
him since he's not here good we made an
agreement the highest roll gets to
create a dare for you what is it do
there any man for 15 seconds it's the
running man a thing where you go just
running no running man looks like you
come in last place in the marathon what
does it mean to be successful success
for me is having a roof over your head
having food on the table and most
importantly having a family and people
that love you and you love them to me
being successful is alignment what's
your vision it doesn't have to be
monetary or business-wise on your
deathbed I don't think any one of us in
this table is gonna be really like
cherishing the car keys to our Benz were
like the keys to our mansion yeah we
agree if that have your success is
defined by the people who love you
Wow I didn't think you would row - okay
so I totally lost everything
yeah from everything that you got so
give him everything you own if this is a
reflection of how I run my business and
I'm not going
look who came on record it may be being
generous is oh let's cash out then it's
probably you Cowell you catch up this
can't be counted but I'm not gonna count
 I'm not part of it yeah I'm
innocent I meant wait no time 61 she's
over 2,000 barrels
I guess being nice good oh wow I helped
out the people who needed Iser bag this
is the crack yeah dang dude that's
insane
guys conversation I think you won
because he had to go pee I actually
really needed some money wife and I are
really in financial right now so I'm
good
