my best friend used to always ask me to
teach him how to swim but I never did
because I was too lazy he drowned in
September
being born in America to immigrant
parents sometimes I am ashamed of my
family's broken English when I am out in
public my biggest regret is saying I
wouldn't cry if my mom died she was
given two years to live if her health
continued the way it was going and I was
too much of an angsty self-centered
teenager to worry about anyone but
myself I feel the pressure to do well in
school and to get into a good college
I wish grades they're gonna have to
define someone's worth I started getting
depressed while my parents eventually
split up I never seen my dad anymore and
I have a lot of pressure from my mom to
succeed
yeah I went to a very competitive school
performance was essentially like a
source of validation so totally
understand where he's coming from
because my school is kind of crazy I'm
ashamed of my body but I tell other
people to love themselves I'm actually
very active on social media it can be a
lot of pressure because maybe I post
something and it seems like I'm very
happy but deep down I'm not having the
best day and there's times where I would
feel ashamed of sharing it when I was
four until I was six years old I was
molested by a babysitter and when I told
my father he told me to be quiet about
it he said that as a female my body is
for men this idea has stuck with me ever
since first and foremost I tell them
it's not their fault also tell them that
like it is a fight learning how to
understand and to really internalize
that like you are your own person like
your body is yours and yours alone
my whole life I've been made to feel
like I was undeserving of love both from
myself and others and I'm afraid that
part of me believes that one hits
when I was about 12 or 13 I realized
what the word rape meant and I just
broke down I remembered what had
happened to me and it finally made sense
to me and the fact that I was rejected
from my own family especially from my
mom led to depression I had nobody to
talk to
I can't even imagine I think because
there's always a question of Oh like
what could I have done to avoid this oh
I should have seen the signs I should
have stepped up I should have said
something but at the same time and you
never know how you're going to react
until you're in a situation like that
and sometimes it's completely out of
your control
hey guys this is jason from jubilee here
thank you so much for watching a video
we'd love to hear thoughts in the
comments below and we also want to say a
big thank you to our sponsors better
help better help is a private affordable
online counseling website where you have
access to accredited counselors and
therapists 24/7 we're really excited to
be partnering with better health because
personally I really believe in the power
of therapy and I believe that there's
never any shame in saying I need help
you know I need support so if you're at
all interested make sure you click on
the link below and check them out we're
really really grateful for their support
we also want to say make sure you click
here to subscribe for more videos click
here to watch more videos and we'll see
you guys next time
