I got it I guess another style of when
we get into this way okay so I'm in
college right this is really early in my
hip-hop career my boy John he's like yo
and there's this talent show you should
perform one of your songs open mic I'm
like waist open life
it's like tonight what yo Eddie songs
new arrived I just recorded you dawn
so he's like man just freaking doing so
my okay my fashion was crazy I don't
like this is motorcycle jacket and some
Teemo boots get on stage EJ playing the
beat pulling and keep the mic fall into
a mouth and say the first line blank
totally just blank you know me I got a
laughing off my ha ha ha
other people laughing - audience I hand
the mic back up to the guy I go off on
stage and I'm watching the other pilot
go home and you're not just slowly
welcome the venue is raided his dog
barking and how happy is raining - so
nobody you seem kind I get him a little
toy sighs bad
it's over I start reading up on other
artists that have forgotten Newark
Eminem has done it like Jays and all
these artists okay it's normal it's okay
I kept going that eventually out of I
was performing if not in front of 30
people at this open mic but for me the
house of people and other countries I'm
very grateful for all the experiences
Auto failures that are the failures that
I went
