you have an amazing smile I like how you
guys smile with your whole face
it makes me happy a viral New York Times
article featured 36 questions that could
supposedly make any two people fall in
love we wanted to see what would happen
if we ask these questions to two
complete strangers on a blind date my
name is Sonya I'm from a city called
Sonya outside of Toronto in Canada and
I'm single I feel like my whole job is
being in front of cameras and I'm never
nervous I'm a little nervous I got a
little I'm a little clammy I've never
gone on a blind date so this is this is
out of my element
my name is James I am from Thailand and
I'm single I don't think so no yeah no I
get that
and it's like warm but it's not but it's
warm it's not
hi nice Tanya James yeah all right to
you I guess so
cheers Cheers yes got one spill myself
it's really hot - we don't have napkins
you have questions so probably start so
that this is yeah do I go first
sure all right complete this sentence I
wish I had someone with whom I could
share adventures hmm I think it was the
first thing that came to my mind I think
work is extremely important but I'm also
I feel very spontaneous where I'm like
you know what
today I'm going here just like go to San
Diego for the day yeah I got a copy you
okay yeah being able to share adventures
would be required of someone yeah
instead of having to be like no no we
need to plan yeah do all that which I
generally am it can be it's good to have
both yeah yeah if you're going like
somewhere international it's like okay
let's like look at some places I think
I'm also like very blessed to have a
schedule that allows that cuz I feel
like a lot of people don't I'm getting
it soon hey guys I'm leaving yeah I'm
leaving a more regular job to become
more flexible so yeah when they do last
sing to yourself or to someone else I
always sing to warm up my voice if I
have an audition or something you have a
good singing voice er uh my saint choir
in high school so wouldn't guess it
would you think no pressure there's no
cameras there's nobody okay no no of
course not for example a good song do
you know steal kiss pororo's it's a
little high for me I think I see finish
I yeah used to be a green tile no no no
I'm the see he you
I live on the dark side me no remains
that's too hard for something it was
beautiful
thank you so I had kind of a throwback
day the other day I was like I need
something to go on when I'm cleaning and
then I got caught on Incubus okay I got
stuck on like the morning view album so
I was like blaring some Incubus cleaning
my room like a couple days ago so that
was my last am i saying oh what is your
most treasured memory I have too many
men oh yeah that's a good feeling though
because of how unique my school was and
the people I was with you know
international school everyone's from
everywhere there was some weird thing to
about my grade but we kind of just
overstepped any of these like I guess
social boundaries and like everyone just
got super close are you still friends
with a lot oh yeah actually the reason I
play pop G so much is because most of my
friends are my old school friends and
they're now they're in Thailand yeah so
you know there's that and see which
sucks but like they're the ones that got
me on it like I don't want to do it it's
something we've been playing for like
four months straight that's been amazin
it crazy how gaming can be such a bridge
yeah and just like keep you connected
yeah Dubai can talk to in years that
like just hopped on this train and
something we're like gaming on the
weekends together there was somebody
that I played legal legends with for
like four years and I never met them no
and then randomly at an event in LA this
person comes up to me and he's like
Sonya because we knew what each other
look like from social media okay
and we just so happen to run into each
other after five years of playing League
of Legends together just randomly on the
street it's crazy just like connects
people like that I feel like I kind of
feel the same where I feel like I have a
lot more I feel like I was like
particularly proud of myself was last
summer I was hosting like a like a
conference for e3 there was a whole
bunch of things kind of leading up to it
where I was told I was gonna have a
prompter and I didn't so I had nothing
prepared didn't have a teleprompter and
it was like a minute before we were live
and it was like tens of millions of
people like they're like all right 30
seconds and I blanked oh and
I had no idea I didn't even know what
event I was at anymore like I gotta just
say words and they're like alright ten
seconds I'm like I don't even know my
name
and I just I just spewed stuff out and
for the rest of the two-hour show I just
like I nailed it I was so proud of
myself because I'm like I had nothing
ain't nothing prepared and I didn't know
how to do anything and after I did that
I was like look I feel like I can do
anything now it's like the years of
practice like led up to that in the
worst circumstances it's like alright
and then it just worked out so hey
that's rough what is your most terrible
memory oh man on the foot point of what
I just said I think I also have a lot of
terrible memory yes at one point I was
living back with my mom and things
weren't really working out but she
wasn't very communicative of like why it
wasn't working out why she was
frustrated and why things were bad and
she told The Children's Aid Society too
that she didn't want me anymore and
instead of like surrendering me she left
the house she didn't tell me where she
was going and then she had the
Children's Aid Society and the police
just show up and just randomly take me
back into foster care after you know I
had been there for a couple years and
then I finally was free and I was with
my mom it was just randomly it was just
any other day it was like a Saturday I
was just at home I was like on MSN or
like something and I just heard a knock
at the door and then my whole life was
just like flipped upside down like in a
blink of an eye and I was just back in
foster care again it's just like re dug
up all of those like shitty emotions and
everything that I sort of pushed the
side cuz I'm like oh I'm free now
but then it's like no I'm not yeah it's
not fine what about you it was a drunken
Halloween night and someone I had been
kind of involved with she
gotten punched by balance server oh she
got really angry too because she knew
the owner and she was like no I want to
go back in and talk to him ask him why
this happened long story short we ended
up going back in and I was trying to
stop her without like physically
stopping her and she wasn't having any
of that and it basically ended up like
us getting jumped by like I don't know
what the total number of bouncers was
but it was definitely like five to seven
ish in that moment I was just like oh my
god am I gonna die is she gonna die or
we just what is gonna happen I don't
know so it's just a really really bad
situation I think any any event that you
like question if you're going to live
yeah it's usually not anything long
that's yeah I'm sorry yeah I can't speak
for her but there's no permanent
emotional damage for me so I mean I've
learned from pet situations when did you
last cry in front of another person or
by herself there's two questions like
this I'm a very emotional person I feel
like two days ago I've been having like
a really emotional week and I'm not very
close with my dad anymore he's still in
Canada and he'll text me like once a
month once like maybe twice a month
and I've been feeling really down about
stuff that I've been doing and stuff
that I've been working on in projects
and he said like he said something along
the lines of when you were younger I
always saw you as an artist and I'm
proud of where you are something like
that and I was like because it was just
perfect it was like perfect timing I was
feeling shitty and it was just like
exactly what I needed to hear and it
like really hit me what about you last
time I cried by myself was yesterday
because I saw some video on reddit about
two little girls who were like FaceTime
besties I think their parents are
besties and then they've only met my
face-i because they live far away from
each other but it was like the first
time they met in person oh yeah I make
like good yeah yeah I was so cute okay
well now that I think about it it was a
really cute pitbull video I saw
yesterday there's like a pit bull had
goofy eyes in this family just like
loved it so much I hate it when cute
stuff makes me cry that's like oh so
holes it's a wholesome but then like I'm
crying over
it's like good it's happy - yeah
alternate sharing something you consider
a positive characteristic of your
partner share a total of three items
okay alternate between them okay sounds
like alternate between positive negative
yeah only some negatives yeah geez okay
right cuz it's me first you have a great
sense of humor Thanks
I like your sense of humor yeah you have
an amazing smile I like how you guys
smile with your whole face it makes me
happy so I always like your whole-- like
your eyes your everything everything is
engaged in your smile thank you I like
it I like that you're humble but you
also know what your strengths are Thanks
I wanted to say something about your
humor too because I really remembered we
have a similar something you know
besides the humor thing like I just got
a feeling that you've you know even
through like acting classes and stuff
like that you've done a lot of like
self-discovery and I feel like you're
you're pretty aware of who you are which
is cool your hair looks like it belongs
in a shampoo commercial
really yeah I'll take it it's actually
pretty dry but I'll take it
I like that I like that you can be
vulnerable I feel like a lot of people
aren't you know super open and they kind
of you know push things aside or they
like don't aren't as communicative about
things but I feel like you seem like you
can be vulnerable I mean you're here
having tea with me in front of campus
okay I appreciate that thank you this is
the last one would you go on a second
day with your partner oh yeah that's a
while though I was gauging your reaction
because I was like listening you can you
could say no oh I'm told well I'll get a
friend you have to answer first
oh okay yeah I don't know yeah I've been
going yeah no definitely would you as
well I may have to I don't know about
that one
everything was so great but then she did
finger shoes and I'm out let me top you
up yeah Final Four Final Cheers okay
well Cheers
not being catfished yes
just take it like a shot I don't know
why it was like a habit just like out it
that is telling I will see okay great
hey guys this is Jason and we want to
say thank you so much for watching
another episode of tea for two we love
this series and we hope you guys do as
well we have a question for you what is
your most treasured memory tell us and
that comes below that's right and as
always make sure you subscribe and click
here to watch more videos and we will
see you next time
