are you hoping to find a match today
yeah I mean I'm hoping not to continue
this pattern of very very bad men I love
to dance so I don't like it when I'm
with somebody who's a total debbie
downer or boring and just kind of stands
there and doesn't want to dance
I would definitely want someone
open-minded but not freak so you
shouldn't be in two feet but you know a
little choking so fun
I do like them tall because I'm pretty
tall for an Asian girl and when I put on
my heels
I would like to still be shorter than
mom I am so they need to be I think at
least 511 but I prefer like 6 feet tall
I would not want to be with somebody who
wants kids within 7 years I love kids
I've been in on since I was 10 so I'm
like natural around babies and kids but
I want to really just share a love with
somebody that's so great and it's all
about loving each other before we can
you know bring somebody else in the
world I think you should be mentally
stable as well financially stable
because you're gonna be responsible for
shaping their future it's kind of a big
pressure because you could really fuck
somebody up in the head you're not there
and I took that really seriously you
know what I have a younger brother and
anybody younger than me I just
automatically think of my brother so
like they could be the hottest person in
the room and if they tell me they're
even a month younger than me I'm just
like oh I just see my brother and it's
like Phillip would not date my brother
how many guys would you think would be
left I thought there would be maybe four
guys left but there were none so today I
learned that uh my criteria is not I
guess you see as I thought it was but
I'm okay with that because I don't like
these are values and things that I don't
want to bend and change right now so I
used to really beat myself up in my past
relationships after they ended cuz I
felt like I wasn't good enough but I
think I'm at a place in my life right
now where I know what I want and there's
nothing wrong with having these
standards
you shouldn't have to bend your values
and what you want to please somebody
else
