the weight was the prompt
what is this I I'm moving I'm losing
there's no prompts they didn't give me a
prompt what's on my mind my mind what's
on my mind I am graduating from an
acting program so I'm gonna be famous
one day I'm gonna graduate in two months
and it's anticipatory times in my life
right now
it feels like I moved out here to Los
Angeles three years ago from Puerto Rico
um
because I got into this program I I came
into grad school thinking like I'm gonna
be great and I'm more afraid actually
I've been experiencing a lot of fear
what am I going to do once I have my
degree I think I'm I think I'm the most
confused I've ever been my entire life
I have nothing I'm coming out of this
program with over $100,000 in loans and
and I'm going to start over it scares me
that I'm going to face that in like what
a month here in LA or New York where I
end up and it's crazy I really want to
once I really have to be crazy to do
what I do it and yet I am happy because
I had the balls to do this to be in this
program to expose myself I mean I came
to this program because of my fear how
much do you really want to do this how
much does it mean to you to do this
because I was like Lisa you are not
allowed to be afraid of the unknown
anymore like you are not allowed and I'm
not scared of it of that anymore I'm
like completely committed to that and
coming to this program actually made me
realize that this is what I want to do
you are meant to be an actor you are
meant to to be in chaos all the time so
in a weird way I feel so strong I mean
nobody is governor yet I made serious
Bonnie its kind of worn out we've been
an actor all my life and I'm talented
I'm a fantastic actor and I
don't say that enough
and I'm also excited I'm excited I'm
excited I'm excited it's gonna be
exciting I really want as a Puerto Rican
actress to be represented on the big
screen you know I want to make an
imprint and I just also want to make my
grandmother proud feel no judgement from
this camera
I look good I feel good I'm just um it's
it's my time I'm coming I'm coming
so to be to be determined thank you
