my name is sky edge I'm a producer in
working with people such as logic idk
Kendrick pretty much everybody oh hi
this is Scott hi how you doing
sky sky thank you so what do you do I'm
an opera singer Wow yeah nice how long
on I like that's all your life all my
life it's like all I've wanted to do is
see I'm actually getting ready to go to
Singapore she doing the opera called La
Boheme Wow nice yeah okay yeah that's
dope
have you been here before
yes I work out of here a lot the great
company they're like a Cultra hub I
usually mind - my forte of course is the
studio where we're gonna be
they're so dope this life don't so many
events here this is the studio so so I
don't know anything about this setup
what would be the first thing that you
do with there's always this is like off
top of mind I will more so as like if
there's a certain song that touches you
mm-hmm that you would be able to sing
and then we can like record it and then
I can just drop it in or should it be
something original what do you think
that should be our starting point
iced is to get comfortable okay knock
that out and then from now
what one take that was incredible so now
that we got that right what I did was to
give vocals chopped it up I got it in
here right but I can also down pitch if
I win do this regularly with
yeah though you a man listen way it's a
co pro gets a co pro co-productions oh
is that is that how people get it one
suggestion in the middle of doing it if
you're like yo when we just do this and
maybe flip it like this you know I'm
saying cuz I'm in a certain zone but
you're probably here because you're on
outside looking in okay so you know for
me there's so much about a person that
has to be I guess known you know I
discovered to even be able to create
something it's crazy because like one of
my brothers just recently passed it's
past October so I'm still like what a
third like you deal with him all the way
but at the same time I know for sure he
wouldn't want me to see her and and so
call freaking day I think I've cried out
as much as I can cry so now it's more so
like just utilizing his energy to just
kind of push forward and become who I
need to be in his life my hat is off to
you know cuz that's not that's not easy
cuz I mean my dad passed away and I was
22 I mean I stopped singing for about I
mean not very long but probably for
about a good six to seven months and I
couldn't do anything so I mean if you
can yeah I mean it's hard don't get me
wrong do you want it you want us like a
song that we're doing today do you want
something to be about him we can sure I
don't know I didn't have any
prerequisites of what's going on I'm
just like whatever vibes happen it
happened like
I hear you calling out my name
deep within there is still pain we're
all talking about experiences that we've
had in our lives
sky recently lost his brother I've lost
my dad I am a musician because I'm I
guess maybe that's why I sing so much
maybe that's why I'm so invested just
being able to to share how we deal with
those losses that camaraderie Barton of
eyes to and God to create this kind of
it it clicked
I mean sure you want to hear yes all
right let's do this
I
