I munch lager wall I am a third-year
UCLA student currently single looking to
embarrass myself what do you look for in
a woman
sense of adventure willingness to learn
and you know just someone to have a lot
of fun with and be around hey I am Bobbi
then do a sophomore USC and I'm a little
nervous but very excited to go on a
blind date and play a game of candid
confessions hey nice to meet you oh
thank you
Simon you excited no it's same no I know
I am sweaty I am that nervous where you
found out I'm from the Bay Area
I say it's like this small place called
Saratoga yeah I'm from Mumbai Mumbai
yeah so it's really hot there yeah
they're really not used to this weather
I feel like a little bitch when I say
that it's cold
oh I might laugh it's a bitch oh okay
I'm Alice of course because I curse a
lot
okay all right you start cool okay first
ladies first
oh okay never have I ever been on a
blind date
oh all right want to date Joe oh yeah
blendin never actually not really really
been on a date before oh I didn't like
I'll throw my life I decides not for me
I'm just like not my priority in life
I don't know I'm always the type of guy
that just goes whatever let's just do it
that's cool yeah mm-hmm yeah never have
I ever been dumped
Oh easy one oh you've never been done
before I always do no I mean before I
sense anything I don't know why it's a
bad thing but I like if I send something
is wrong I just end it that I know
really yeah
never have I ever liked someone just for
the
yeah 100%
people are attractive it's not it's not
my fault it's not anybody's
super into this girl in high school and
you know she was objectively she was
very attractive I found her like super
jacked I was like oh yes like she's the
one um and because of that I let a lot
of other things slide without like she
treated me or like howling
I like allowed myself to be treated more
than anything ever since then I'm like
oh like take care of yourself don't let
yourself be treated like the way that
you don't want to it doesn't matter who
the person is ya gotta be you yeah yeah
100% never have I ever judge the culture
that I'm from oh boy
Oh fierce when I was here especially in
middle school in high school I wanted to
be white so bad I want to know necessary
wipe I wanted to be a Mary oh I ain't
kind of present you get that yeah yeah
it's like oh yeah like talk a different
way like kind of over I was like no it's
like like all the classic like how the
food smells yeah I'm smelly like yeah
you know Indians are so annoyingly
whatever you go and like lines in places
like they're so loud and it's like now
that I've grown up and I'm sitting here
and I'm like you know those are the
things I love about my culture yeah
about the people that I talk to you know
it's like when you're in a room with
another Indian it's just a much more
comfortable vibe because understanding
that common culture like really like
yeah it's so much easier to talk so I
definitely have judged it but I don't
judge it anymore yeah yeah yes or no
pineapples good on pizza yo no like wait
are you snow then do not go I know that
is gross literally it's like the perfect
mix of like salty and sweet all right
you take okay never have I ever done
something that could have gotten me
arrested my pants are gonna watch this
all right oh can we - ii ii ii think i'm
i was such a nice girl like um
life just like pure purrfect Angelz yes
oh yes okay okay so I'm like yeah it was
like one of the one of those like
weekend nights where like everybody goes
to party and then one of my friends had
a little too much to drink and then I
had to take her home
and this another guy walks up to her and
like starts grabbing her oh hey lump
this and that and I'm like wait hold on
like don't even touch her and then like
no I know her and then he just pushed me
and I got really meant as I placed him
really hard I think Oh psyche oh I don't
like not to piss you off
yeah yeah no no you're fine never have I
ever hit in a relationship for my
parents automatic like was not the move
made me their Brown parents yeah my mom
knows oh yeah yeah my mom would always
joke because like whenever I was like
well I'm going out and she'd be like oh
who are you going out with I'd list the
same three people and then like wait but
I know for a fact that I talked to like
new Sean's mom and he's not available
right now and I was like oh caught never
have I ever done something incredibly
irresponsible before like you know
classic I call on drugs accidentally
though I accidentally accidentally so
you accidentally fell on top of like an
opens fedka bottle and just like the
whole thing like eight things that I
shouldn't be eating okay we were on
spring break last year and my friends
had gotten like these like cookies and
they were just like hey if you were
gonna do it do it with like people who
you trust like you know like the whole
friend thing and I was like well I will
think about it if I want to do it like I
would let you guys know about it but
like right now I'm really good and then
they just snuck it in my food oh that
was cool
I was cruising never have I ever
regretted not telling somebody something
very important I feel like I probably
have I'm me two parents mostly parents
actually yeah that's right like there's
so much in it that they need to know
like how I feel about them like how much
I respect them or like just just
everything about them they don't know
anything like they they literally only
feel like they owe their daughters out
there and like I guess I could say the
same in the sense like when I was in
high school I was definitely pretty
depressed and like pretty bright like
wasn't in a good place but I never told
my parents
right cuz I felt like they would judge
me or like something and it's one of
those things where it came out like my
junior and senior year and I was like
and they were completely supportive they
were like look let's just like talk
about it let's talk through like let's
like see what's going on yeah it's one
those things I was like you know I
could've just talked about this with
them on day one yeah and like it would
have been so much better but like I pet
I like built up all this like pent-up
anger teenage anger yeah I guess like
that's something I regret
yes or no I was initially attracted to
you
what's a green yeah yeah are you pretty
attractive yeah to personality Thanks
yes or no I would like to go on a second
date with you to count this down three
two one
nice all right so you get your number
real quick really I know straight up
straight up yeah
are you more number person that's so
weird I was just gonna I was gonna do
this snapchat okay I'm down it's not
that like okay you want to stay grounded
just say grounded no I'm not I'm not
saying positive or negative oh yes
what's up Jubilee fans thank you so much
for watching the episode wasn't that
amazing like I told you last time we
have more of amazing candidates so it's
coming for you the next couple of weeks
so subscribe right here we have more
videos for you right there you are
beautiful no matter what all the time
don't forget that we'll see you around
