just one wild name bro cuz you hit me
with your car and not anymore I hit this
man with my car
I'm sorry pause everything what's up
y'all okay
I'm Azariah this is John and we've been
a place in Kennedy confession oh yes
it's about to get real feel like I'm in
timeout right now we came out the same
moon that was a lie that's a lie we came
out I came up the wing of the
sister-in-law of his mother we're
cousins
yeah yes or no pineapple is good on
pizza I promise you if you put rub kill
you gotta fight right now I don't
understand why you have trust issues
like that you probably eat Kit Kats like
without breaking them apart first of all
I eat kick-ass I got cavity son miss me
with Danny that you just had a rice
krispy and started on the right side of
my mouth but look this is what I'm
trying to say hmm
pineapples is a fruit you eat cherries
on your pizza no fan Apple nah
huh how about water Malone if pizza
sauce had all of those I would try it
it's like a fruit pizza right that means
change your color for you Oh bro that's
a pretty color though when you just like
you in time like what about like
pineapple all my pieces but I don't want
him to not be my friend no more so let
me hit that
mmm never have I ever party well laughs
she said something oh man I was like hey
she was like
hey you know like Yoda you laugh louder
right yeah yes bruh okay oh man
man that was I just feel like farts is
God gifts God's gift saying like hey
don't come funny and power never have I
ever questioned if I'll ever make it
dude
I was walking across the street this
morning I was like I don't know if I got
what it takes
so yes if I've questioned it no I have
not questioned it I'm gonna make it wait
I'm lying I'm saying I have I've
questioned it but got this hard bro it's
a lot of talented people in the world me
a lot of funny people a lot of cute
people I'm not even the most talented
and I'm pretty ugly but the thing is I
think that like I think for the most
part I got nothing I just really think
I'm honestly you shouldn't beat yourself
up about that bro about me ugly yeah or
being not talented because you're both
know I am mid take courage you is
alright figure yes or no I could beat
you in a street fight come on bro you
know what is ooh don't win every fight
we have I will win every fun that's not
true
look it's about the heart you understand
no some might say no it's about the
fight really yeah but it's not I got
heart you remember in that dummy number
I'm gonna Titans where he just reached a
knee and ten homeboys heart
oh no oh ever seen King Kong no yes of
course I remember the part where my G
had the dinosaurs mouth he made his
mouth go like that mmm-hmm that's not
what I would do to you
no but I thought I'd bring that up cuz I
really like that movie scene however you
would lose that hands face on the site
we've let me catch you in these streets
no man
Superman dude and I'm God Oh God forgive
evidently never have I ever defied my
parents I think maybe both of us kind of
like deciding to follow our actual
purpose and not listen to our parents
and everybody else that was speaking
logically to us like to wake up and say
for him to be like yo I want to be a
rapper I want to pursue music full-time
or for me to just wake up and be like oh
I want to be a youtuber full-time I
wanna have businesses and I want to be
like an actor I want to be famous one
day parents don't see that and that's
that doesn't mean yes cuz it's just like
it's not their fault it's just that they
were born in a different time I think a
lot of parents don't realize that we're
born in a totally different generation
and all this stuff is possible through
like social media and stuff like that I
know I woke up yesterday and found my
face on the front of Apple music yeah
one of the genres I was like oh snap my
face is right there I'm saying it brings
you back to this it's like oh we can
either eight be logical go to school
it's like everybody else because
apparently it's like one in a million
people that makes this you know saying
that's able to do this right but that's
only half true if you put a hundred
percent in and you have people that
supports you and let's be honest if
you're you're good at it you're talented
at what you're doing then there's no
reason for you to not succeed unless you
just do something stupid
yes or no I'm down to freestyle rap for
you right now oh wow don't ever let's go
you mean that beep all right okay John
King Day as a writer sitting at the
table and me talking about the story
then you know it ain't no fables then
it's freestyle they're just looking you
know I can never rap time I get on this
you know I'll be there like a recipe
book put up cut that green get that mean
what you don't eat clean I don't drink
but you know I leave and you know funny
and I got the money come but I don't get
fine red light green light
hitting me but if I hit this nigga yeah
it's gonna be a clean fight not a fair
fight yeah but I'm gonna do it right
yeah he said he gonna take me like King
Kong but I thought I had more because
that was lowkey wack to me and I wasn't
pleased on Days we have off days you're
gonna say this was an on one but clean
though
never higher never have I ever imagined
that we both can read you that kid that
nobody wants to be called on like when
they play popcorn in class they'd never
say your name never have I ever never
have I ever imagine beating up a
complete stranger
I haven't beat up a complete stranger no
I'm just kidding I got beat up by a
complete stranger
it's because I wasn't there that is that
literally actually the real reason bro
come on I got you bro also you would
lose that fight that week there nah ah
what would be the one thing that would
just make you say that's enough we got
it though hands ooh
honestly we throw hands a lot yeah but
like like a real real life just like
look man I'm like Loki and Thor type
stuff oh that's crazy but um okay um let
me see I feel like I'm a very
level-headed person very so whatever you
do would have to be repeated multiple
times
all right you have to be wild okay just
one thing I'm saying just one wild name
bro
cuz you hit me with your car and not
anymore I hit this man with my car
I'm sorry pause everything was
everything I forgot I hit this bear with
my cars on a snapchat to hang out we
wouldn't snapchat he's like yo make it
look like you hit me with your car cuz I
won't let him leave like a jockey
battery
we laid out in the backseat and we went
to the mall right after my breath he
said my best friend hit me with his car
what up guys it's your boy Jason it's
your boy and thank you so much for
watching that video we love you and
we're so grateful yes indeed we're so
grateful and we want to do some great
stuff we're gonna start making three
videos a week Wednesday Fridays and
Sundays oh my god you don't want to miss
that make sure you subscribe by clicking
that button we have more stuff for you
here too so much goodness for everybody
that's right
and we'll see you next time thank you
love y'all peace
