it's so seductive to think that there is
a plan and that somebody is watching out
but I really do think the world would be
a better place without religious belief
in life lots of things can be true but
to not be open to the spiritual realm
yeah you it just seems like you wouldn't
live a very full rich life
I'm a 28 year old attorney from Los
Angeles I live with five roommates
because I'm a millennial definitely a
big nerd I also really like competing
because I could be that guy or gal soon
if I work hard enough I am mostly a
stay-at-home mom I'm currently in a
season where I feel like I'm really
taking the time to deepen my
relationship with God and see how that
affects my life and my relationships I
crave to learn even more I'm an agnostic
atheist there are unknowable things but
I have come to a conclusion that I don't
believe in a god or gods
it is so seductive to think that there's
a grand plan but it's like cheating
where you say all you have to do to be a
good person is join us do bad things and
then confess and it's okay without
demanding that you prove it that's not
how you make the world a better place
you know I'm not perfect though I've
made lots of mistakes and I think it did
take going through some tough times I
see more of God's grace and forgiveness
to me and so I feel like more capacity
to show that to other people
I think that not being religious forces
you to be introspective you really have
to think am I personally doing the right
thing am I personally making the world a
better place I think there are a lot of
misconceptions probably that Christians
are very closed-minded maybe not as
intellectual or that we're delusional
but to not be open to the spiritual
realm to not be living on that plane in
addition to all the wonderful other
planes of life I feel like wouldn't be a
sad thing to miss out on that you know
I'm just looking out the window at the
sky and the trees and the flowers and
hearing the birds and thinking about my
daughter in the other room and I don't
know um I just feel like there would be
a level of greater perspective and hope
and just a richness of life that I would
be missing
I'm pregnant I'm allowed to tear up but
I guess I wouldn't know it
I think I'm lucky as an attorney I'm
part of a larger justice system to flex
my moral muscles and make the world a
better place that provides me meaning
that makes me happy on the weekends
no and I'm resting up or cutting loose I
do a an internet radio show all about
politics and law and so we get to bounce
ideas off of each other yeah we are
looking for meaning in a likely
meaningless universe but we're doing it
together and you got to build your own
as Christians we don't know everything
there is to know about the way God works
but our focus should be love first I
imagine that most people come up with
our worldview based on all our life
experiences and what we hope to get out
of life like nobody knows everything so
that's a common ground between everybody
but that we're trying I think that's a
good first step
you
