in 1997 a psychologist conducted an
experiment that could lead any two
people to fall in love using just 36
questions we took those 36 questions and
asked them to three complete strangers
just to see what happens
cheers to new friends name three things
you and the other two appear to have in
common we all got black pants on true we
are all enjoying this tea huh we're all
very beautiful people I wish I had that
style
okay well are you if you could change
anything about the way you were raised
what would it be
I'm from Southside Chicago getting
jumped and stuff as a kid it's like the
worst things especially being really
poor too however I don't feel bad about
it either you know even though though
both all the time be like you know I'm
really sorry about this I'm really sorry
about that I'm like and I feel like I
came out great I'm an only child
surprise my parents they came from
Vietnam immigrant parents during the war
they've been in this mode of survival
and they've done everything they
possibly can but unfortunately I never
really got to see them and in the
solitary time that I found within myself
I learned a lot of things about myself
like I wouldn't be a musician or an
artist but I think one thing that I do
wish was for them I guess just to kind
of understand me more
what is your most terrible memory man so
many feet for no reason
she was like any questions I was like
was the project due then she said when
you turn in your project I'll tell you
where the trashcan it is and I was like
car accident I took a left turn and a
giant truck ran a red light and t-boned
us she was in a wheelchair for five
months and and I could say for sure that
moment was when everything changed I
have a learning disability which you
probably didn't know it's Asperger's so
growing up I didn't make a lot of
friends so I kind of stuck to family and
that's why more family than friends I
would always go crying dad well I don't
have any friends like I feel like I'm
alone in this world but he would always
try to like motivate me in the sense of
to be more positive and I feel like
that's helped me grow as a person now
because it's just not something that you
should be dealing with as a young child
so yeah
thank you what is your most treasured
memory oh this is actually kind of sad
like two years ago
I booked my own show and I flew my mom
out for it and she just looked at me and
she was like I'm so proud of you
and they like I don't know just seeing
that in her eyes was like the most
beautiful moment you could see just
because it was like pure joy
I like that again you know mine was last
year actually I feel like a lot of my
life is like giant roller coaster up and
down and up and down somehow manages the
way to make it overseas to Europe where
you got Prague and I absolutely fell out
like fell like I was at home you know
these old houses with beautiful
architecture overlooking a river while
the Sun sets in the distance and a hill
has like butterflies flying around that
it was exactly the world that I wanted
to make as a kid and I will never forget
the moment that I first saw that I know
oh yeah get on my ship everyone I got a
flying ship way nice guy let's get on it
float on a cloud of progress we were to
die this evening with no opportunity to
communicate with anyone what would you
most regret not having told someone jeez
you know my dad being a single parent
never that bad like he has a lot of
regrets because his methods of reasoning
which was harsh at times and so if I
were to die
it's an
I I'd be kind of sad that I didn't just
be like hey maybe did good my show
it was all good you know yeah yours is
really similar to mine it's so hard to
like communicate with my parents we got
so many barriers
we're like strangers living together
sometimes I think at a very young age
the first time I saw a magician it
completely changed my life so ever since
then I basically just further escaped
the reality that we generally live in
and every time I tried to show them the
magic trick it was met with very little
reaction so I think I'm just a bit jaded
and a part of me but definitely regret
being so distant I've both of my dad
basically all my life my dad recently
has been focusing more on death and like
doing wills and stuff and I don't know
sorry
he's always saying like oh you may not
happy in a few years like you have to
like start like growing up a little bit
more a little bit faster and like sorry
yeah it's like all learning curve me you
know because I wouldn't know what to do
next
I'm not prepared so tell the other two
what you like about them be very honest
this time anything that you might not
say is someone you've just met that's
what's going first
with you I love how just strong you are
you know honest
you just got like a lot of power thank
you
like I said man I I feel like you've
just got some some insight because
there's a lot of life assessment when
you are alone you know
plus man like I said your style I wish
hold at all Ellis you got a try right I
really admire your drive and and your
composure of a very positive outlook in
life that doesn't seem to be shaken very
easily and you as you were speaking
about being bullied you're not bitter
and you're completely grateful of your
life and you're super gentle and you're
compassionate and you're able to
maintain that throughout your entire
life and that is extremely extremely
admire about you when I first saw you I
was thinking wow you must be like a very
like open person who's through your
style I feel like with myself I'm more
like reserved it kind of rubs off on
other people in a good way so thank you
and so within a short afternoon
Kevin Shannon and Pierre had shared some
of their most terrible and precious
memories with each other when they took
a picture together to commemorate their
communion most of my stuff if you
haven't already go ahead and check out
our past episodes of tea with strangers
and we've got some other videos for you
to enjoy as well give it a whirl we'll
see you around
