to the naive to the prejudice to the men
that called me a terrorist okay shouting
any swearing at me I don't care okay go
shouting swearing this video is for you
you know growing up I had these images
stuck in my head no matter what I did I
couldn't get them out yeah you'll see
when you're young you're supposed to
dream of being anything you wanted but
no matter what I dreamt these images
kept coming back because I felt locked
up with every head and I've loved my
prison go slow there's one moment is
threatening to define my life I had
nowhere to belong so when I was a kid
and there was no one on TV who looked
like me I made my own TV show and when
my teachers tried to stop it but the
students still elected
when people didn't believe in my ideas I
just didn't myself
I'm sick of going online every day and
then having to define myself by what I'm
not and not by what I am I fought and I
fought and one day the images stopped
you see kids like me are born being
attacked on this we pushed through
challenges no ordinary human should ever
have but when you fight through your
dreams come back you should know
adversities giving birth to a new
generation difficulties made them strong
by they're smart and they're bursting
with creativity their only option is to
be extraordinary
because it's the only way they can
survive they defy all odds they don't
fit in anymore instead talents are
intersectional that I verse unapologetic
the shapers of the future Jedi's because
they fight
and to you my would be fighters you're
not a fighter you spent more time
moaning on your sofa and painting online
or not thinking fades of the out of the
box you're not a fighter if you're
reacting or proving yourself to others
the fight is within the fights is making
sense of all the good we have in
building building your culture built for
the future build build build that's the
real fight when the world against you
from both sides you need to be more you
need to be innovators thinkers change
makers behind it a big table who can
convey what we can and can't talk about
no more playing ball with that ignorant
agenda we're gonna set a whole new
agenda no one's gonna set the standard
or the parameters of who you are you see
we're only a not created infancy because
of our history stripped of everything
our parents had one priority and that
was food on the table so they made you
doctors lawyers bankers should be doing
but I'm saying enough because as a
result were created equal
litora we need visionaries Chase's of
passion and pushes of boundaries our
future will be decided from creativity
and culture we need you
I learned it takes a community to make
progress but will you fight to build it
since I started Benny my life has been
filled with inspiring people challenging
experiences and moments beyond this
little guys wildest imagination and
trust me you don't need money you fancy
equipment you just need a great idea
work together and apply them you just
need to get up and do it get up and fail
get up and just keep trying
remember the haters are watching but
we're on a high-speed train and it's not
stopping for Nova the time is now will
you fight for the future
