my home of my everything as much as I
love traveling and seeing the world I
knew that one small coronary that is
just mine my home is my place where I
eat sleep cook meditate unwind talk on
the phone with my friends is sanctuary
to me my name is Michele Collier and I
love interior design and I'd love to
share five things that really helped me
to make my home home what I feel like
the foundation for a cozy home is to
play with different senses after a long
tiring day I love lighting up candles or
burning some incense another very easy
way of making your home smell amazing is
to bring some water to boil and add
spices to it I love using cinnamon and
cardamom as well as apples and lemon and
you just bring it to a boil it will add
an amazing since your whole depressant
to contrast so I love deep and light
colors coexisting next to each other for
instance I have Scandinavian inspired
furniture very light wood but I love to
pair that with dark deep textiles and
carpets that are in the car three fresh
flowers I love going to the market once
a week and I love getting fresh flowers
that I add on tables and little corners
and I feel like they're making my space
very 'life I also love dried flowers
because you don't have to worry about
lifetime they still look very pretty and
beautiful and I just keep them in small
cute bottles around my house for don't
compare you home to others this is your
space and you should have the freedom to
do whatever you want for instance I have
dried paprika that I hung up on the wall
washi tape this is not something that
anyone would probably do but to me this
is something really cool and I enjoy
seeing I love art a lot of people think
art is very expensive but it really
doesn't have to be I love bringing back
memories for my travels
sentimental pieces or our expect people
that are really admire onto one place
and I love how it comes all together and
create something new it's just a part of
me thanks for watching this video I hope
it was very useful to comment below of
any other questions and other things
that you'd love to see don't
underestimate the power of a beautiful
home I think it can really transform
your life quality
you
