so listen the crazy week has just caused
me to be disoriented all over the place
I really planned to have this lovely
really cool and really amazing
I was so all over the place I recorded
about 90% of the footage without the mic
being turned on so I'm refilling this
with the hopes that I can kind of piece
together some sort of coherence of the
craziness of this last week cuz it's so
much to tell you so I'm at Heathrow
flying out this was Ramadan and I'm
flying at the time I need to break my
father I managed to buy a salmon
sandwich and some water to bring my
father Ramadan is using quite a
significant month for people who follow
it in fact the time of mindfulness
consciousness spirituality but also of
community and what I've been traveling
so much as last week is it crazy that
very little of that superstars I managed
to grab a little bit
yet the crazy man who saw through my
dad's 50th birthday the big theorem
though is like so massive huge or tell
how it works
my dad outside my family
Oh
okay
I really thank all the people coming and
I am today be made as long as I was
single sir engine powers up today for
our 60th birthday
when you arrived it
we have arrived edgewise the 60 and when
you sit like where I'm sitting now I
look around me
you wonder what did you do wrong to
decide I thank you all very much for
being this is a month of blessed
Mattacks forgiveness if I've ever prayed
until muscle you deserve it but you know
the tragedy is not turning 60 to target
is surviving 38 years of me take very
much for Allah blessing me with a very
wonderful wife Oh Natalie she did come
with a friend rest of the family the
other side has been a very nice and I
say all of you to have even the measure
of that happiness that you share and
again god bless you okay
like this day in the toilets with an
airplane
my father
enjoy the benefits of a soda
what they told me that
navigating
do whatever you want to make sure the
benefits like
when I was younger until vice president
and I ended up working at an
organization without them we like
possible zero then I realized very
quickly that I were very frustrated I
collected about and then I met I ended
up working in the context of media
thought of trying to administrators like
that
and then I thought if any business I
will collected by in 2010 creates change
and it was an awesome opportunity to be
recognized among creating content that
was virtually impossible and I go
invited by the UN and you complain and
there was a pause because black are
coming for me it was much combat because
people I kinda miss the work way I talk
to them about anything what it's all
about
a long time of them profitable was ten
years ago high school and healthy
preacher and it's so good
yay again and so how beautiful it was
and the best thing about it is I'm being
taken around by the story viruses that
every fuse fire Russell and the children
of the city but the katana fire and if
they've city to remain a monumental I
mean little to Christina who's managing
this event Christina tell me tell me
about today like what you up to
what is that from
makers
your idea they go people look at but
looking for the proposal sign for now
they're not be the founder of Benny and
the YouTube creators for change fellow
is the definition of our quest to change
the world of course to find collective
purpose in this global community the
power of video we live in a generation
now where the trend is that young people
consume an average of about four hours a
day or video and it's insane so if you
want to connect with Millennials I
really feel like as institutions as
people we need to learn the vernacular
of the day it's sadly the case that we
are so slow to evolve with the time but
I really feel like as young leaders
especially you guys are perfectly
positioned to start thinking how can i
connect with young people in sincere and
genuine way that approaches them where
they are not where we are and one of the
things that frustrated me about the UN
is that few young people get lost in the
jargon in the semantics in the language
in the vocabulary and I think if we want
to mobilize support of young people from
a very young age
we need to come and meet the Matteo then
either I set up now is a result of all
the lessons I've learned through that
it's a space where the starting point is
what brings all of us in this room
together not what differentiates us I go
around the world and I meet young people
who might feel misrepresented who are
navigating multiple and seemingly
disparate worlds then we have
conversations and we have fun and
incredible stories but the idea is that
I want young people like myself growing
up as 16 years old up until 23 I want
them to feel like there are a bunch of
people worldwide just like you and there
are people who come out the other end
who's turned out to be inspirational
motivational people and I really feel
that that could be impactful for reading
young talent and making them feel like
they have a space that is authentic
online and thank you very much for
should be sorry for take you too much of
your time but nice to meet everyone
thank you no thank you so much for such
an incredible story and they're so
there's literally everything that rings
true
that's the way is it you did really well
this never cook them at the outright my
greedy my part
microbe ooh baby baby to make sure I
don't do anything calamitous be wrong or
like destroy everything around me we'll
say something inappropriate right we're
signing
have this wonderful camera team in front
of me today like Ana following me
because I doing a cool like chronicle of
experience a change experience but yet
it today's been really cool I did an
incredible to be part of something so
innovative and how light realistic and
meaningful goal folk rock and in a way I
have been pretty black on a 1 to be part
of it
Oh feel like part of the team
then after all that I finally finally
through to my home from home Berlin
morning I try to find it
Russell getting fresh the Sun is out
beautiful
