Sassie
so I don't want to guys what has a lost
two days and they are getting better and
better and Pacific psychic seen there is
an incredible family feeling here and a
meaning leading them amazingly well I'm
not it a content creator and producer a
couple of thousands of the deadlines
you know hours after the deadline and
now I'm interested on alternative
culture and pursuing an authorship
question I've already had two am I as a
mixed method boy I've never felt like I
fully belong anywhere so what touching
me I want to discover how other young
people like myself are negotiating their
identity where the cultural a spiritual
tradition to clash with the young
generations attitudes of lifestyle I
travel and seek to discover a new global
youth culture that is imagined in hopes
I can find a place I belong okay so
we're here with the boogie crew and
tomorrow is the competition I'm high
feeling um kind of nervous but it's okay
now if you're also nervous I'm scared a
little bit but I shouldn't be scared
right any I've been watching you guys my
house all day today's the last rehearsal
before tomorrow right and they are
absolutely QQQ gonna smash it yes
also the big day has finally arrived and
I met M&A outside these really shady
abandoned warehouses have a go I'm good
I love the people who really special
part though the event start in a few
minutes
super nervous let's go nominating me and
skip our security but we can properly
enter everyone watches the green circle
everyone is itching everywhere charm and
I knew the credenza Oh
insane the room was packed out echidna
dick what's the structure of the day how
does it so now we wait for three
collections so they have to dance like
45 seconds for the judges and they pick
out the best eight and make what I
thought yeah maybe my kids are inside
maybe not I don't know so we just wait
in fact out the eight finalists for them
were many students half of the finalists
reform boogie crews and really nervous
now I'm good I look appealing
yeah the kids also always like this
they're more relate to me I'm like oh my
god oh my god oh my god time had come
and the stage was set but first and he
gathered the crew for a quick prayer in
a huddle first up was the Weller in the
winner stays on
knock the bag of the faster I sleep go
get a bag and we lighthouse guy living
my life back she just doesn't feel right
Oh God
that I can all
oh my god my baby - just one oh my god I
can't believe it
no I would even crazy she smoked seven
seven dancers oh oh that the
kids won although Emily of kids won her
dance crew had received another trophy
and it was a beautiful scene to see more
embracing each other and super happy for
each other even though some of them were
against each other it is still super
happy and you know that kind of amount
is kind of experience but man it was a
rush and I'm so glad because like even
though the last few days I become super
attached to them so it's so great to see
them all kind of succeed but man it was
was it was awesome it was so so cool I'm
super happy for everything you could see
in her face
how happy she was so now the kind of kid
session is done and other big boys are
going to come in and start dancing in a
cypher and it's going to get even more
wild after a series of different
competitions it was finally the time
everyone was waiting for the main final
all-star event - elite dancers were left
Frankie D
and junior game
you
we have
well I didn't mention Zach who the
microphone he said only the eyes are
gonna be on basically into the you both
are qualitatively an unaired idea chief
they are gone there man oughtn't to give
it in the left side to that cigar Hayek
has adjustably edition much my last
appearance I believe in happy
oh we know how to become an issue that
peril new particle going to F of P DS
banana or despite a solvent equal to
that concur with IBD Midianite that this
dish voltage has been a positional so
that this issue ending was able that is
only lighthouse in the giving spirit if
you g know expiries season
something really amazing is happening
and we know the main better give when to
the other guy how much money those was
dancing without it'll not because of
winning because of us so he said today I
feel really passionate about everything
I will give my first place to the other
guy some points it out this is amazing
you can never never never know where you
can find something like II just here hey
how do you feel how do you feel I'm
feeling good
a sibling it was really it was really
beautiful you did man know also it was
justified for the first time really for
the first time and I bet a lot of time
for the second time but life was all
good but really today was dope I nothing
not about winning
hahaha I'm very very very very proud of
my baby my little baby 12 years old she
smoked in seven desert already so yeah
go thank you killing it today and I'm
really happy we have everything in the
same like really everything
and we don't care about which religion
which color are where he or she's come
from the most important is love not see
and we give our love to everybody and
you see we give love and something's
growing up you know the cosmic cosmic
ball following M&A the last three days
have been the privilege by giving me an
us a part of her she's left us with so
much she's proved the power we have to
be positive employees to have strength
and perseverance for what you believe in
that sincerity and humility will gain
you real respect
look it might not be for you it's easy
from the outside to located and judge I
consider myself a very spiritual person
and I'm fascinated by things that
connect you to something bigger than
yourself but that's what I felt in this
circle of dogs in the ritual will
decipher I felt the connection
I felt spiritually and in a world that
does its best it pits us against each
other
all I felt was love and happiness all
around for these young people
the solution is done
