I'm not a contact creator and producer a
couple of thousands of the deadlines how
many hours after the deadline now I'm
interested in alternative culture and
pursuing an artistic question I've
always had Who am I as a mixed record
boy I've never felt like I fully belong
anywhere so what touching me I want to
discover how other young people like
myself are negotiating their identities
where the cultural and spiritual
traditions clash with young generations
attitudes toward lifetime I travel and
seek to discover a new global youth
culture that is emerging in hopes I can
find a place I belong I've travelled to
my old home valid but I wanted to know
if there was more to Berlin than its
reputation of just sex drugs and
rock'n'roll so I want to meet the young
Berliners who up end the stereotype and
embrace an alternative idea of diverse
Berliner culture
I'm on my way to meet my good friend
Amina a hip-hop daughter was a prominent
figure in Berlin's underground battle
scene Berlin is known for its obsession
with technical Ektron amusing but
despite that a strong underground
hip-hop scene has survived in the shadow
in this episode I joined emanate her
studio to find out why she continues to
teach hip-hop to a new generation as
they prepare for an upcoming battle tell
music my English is there everything's
really good really ok ok everything
you're saying is really really really
good your English is really good we
comforted you sure yeah this is so sweet
oh my God look at this mohawk my name is
Evie I'm a dance teacher in hip-hop and
I was a professional dancer before I do
some Bello Championships every day
yes yeah I got some we also for
championship from my kids
it's called valina my so Justin my kids
are winning so much championships but
not because of the move because of the
feeling because of the vibe in the room
we believe in ourselves and in each
other what's the dance video code okay
so we're here in sign up with this to me
and I'm with Zhou screw boogie crews and
they're dancing a little bit renditions
for me and it's gonna be awesome it's
not the best dancing
teaching is not just the moves everybody
can do some moves but for me is
important the best human bring out from
the kids if you do it right
really right and would love you can
bring the best out from the kids then
they'd manage my husband oh my god
believe it Oh
Oh the important thing is that you
really love them you know they kids want
life I have kids they don't have parents
also so I give everything I have really
I give my whole love for them why is it
that you can change their legs with
dancing you can put them away from bad
stuff like drugs or something like this
they're more open-minded they are not
like this is right and this is wrong
different culture different religions
everybody together and we just have fun
and we have love for each other no
really important dancing how long have
you known you guys how long like seven
years they work so I think you and I are
all taller than you
this is so sad I'm 26 and show you
everything y'all didn't you follow them
it's so funny but we used to be smaller
yeah through like that so now like this
always I guess so Eric Nam the dance
teacher hi I asked them before I take my
new job so I was like okay what do you
think about the job and they're like so
nice you have the only the only teacher
would be jump you are the only one in
Germany I'm like alright who are not so
creamy I'll ask you again you know
you're not sad that she not really dude
will never change I hope so no SP will
never change
we see a good bath oh yeah check out
borderline
thank God all right high kick sorry
ah it talks too much whooshing but I
like jamierand hadami
like German rap dancing hip-hop I don't
know what kind of joke is this it
well I'm a human I'm not perfect for me
it was difficult because my parents if I
sold my parents like hey I start again
if I am telling them look like I'm
dancing if up there was like no if I
don't dance I dancing is really changing
my life even now they don't accept but
I'm doing for myself I'm doing for the
kids I do for my friends and into the
world because I want to change something
and I hope that everybody one day open
minded and understand what dancing
really is I find M&H journey
scarily familiar as I had at home I kept
thinking about something M&A had said
about her parents not improving on her
dancing and it really reminded me of
similar situations people like M&A and
myself can find ourselves in a young
girl growing up in a multicultural world
that is really different from her
parents in the next episode Emily
invited me to her home and we have a
brutally honest conversation with her
mom who can see this dance ruined her
life
I couldn't leave Berlin without finding
out
