y'all okay my personal space a show
where I invite some people into my
little wardrobe and we talk about some
uncomfortable and painful things usually
how it goes that I have some famous
people in it but because I have no money
I just have to grab anybody I can that
would say yeah so today with me I have
my high school friends and yeah hey guys
like sex ah thanks for coming I would to
say thank you lovely introduction right
so be nervous
is he worried back somewhat touching me
I was kind of hoping you guys could also
your names at once because we don't have
time to say order them individually so
three two one Daryl avi I want to give
you a bunch of adjectives and you tell
me whether they kind of applied to
you're not for yes or no so uh
responsible yes okay charming
yeah yeah yeah it is role model yeah
yeah who's most likely to take my
clothes off for no reason bill bill I
don't know if your question right we're
pretty we're pretty a pretty
multicultural hmm and why do you or why
do you think we work as a multicultural
bizarre friend I'm having we had a
choice
Istanbul but iodine India's I hang out
with Indians and electrical hangover why
did we why did you decide not I still
regret to this day I think because our
us particularly our ethnicity doesn't
define us when people tend to group
together as usually the reason why yeah
and a run down here copy that I get but
yeah if your testicles can make a place
what would that be
okay so you guys like to drink and go
out and stuff
like Jason point yeah yeah I don't drink
did you guys everything to go somewhere
else we're like might be a perfect for
me so coulis non-alcohol related fun
I think never have I ever like to go
where'd you jump oh yeah yeah we talked
about it Rick monkey oh yeah yeah man
now the review yeah what okay well you
have to tell you I need to hit it so it
may I need say who and and and how and
and what you liked about them it's like
maybe so earlier like a beautiful face
walking by yeah yeah oh my god yeah yeah
also in this all over the ankle and Abby
I know you got so hurry over there it
means the best time Kim who you say how
all of us is the most mother friend me
get louder yeah maybe it would I ask
that question company what the odds but
can we test it we actually took my ring
one of your mom's binocular so is also
gonna be in Bali at the wall be pissed
only kugali go in front of me you know
and you mum I just quick one very very
quickly who's your favorite all my
friends very quickly my god I love you
all and the worst thing is I didn't
expect it to her what's that matter I
was thinking that we could do am you can
do we could do like a mannequin
challenge and I was thinking that we
could we could we could all be reframed
of the cultural stereotypes I exist
about our particular communities
this is your first time watching one of
these videos we like to do like a bit of
closet theater and we kind of we play
characters and basically and in this
scene we're all brothers and then we've
all had a reunion and we will make each
other a lot of our areas but it reminds
us of all our dead clown father okay and
then we attended the loss attended to
tears thank you so what we're gonna do
is we're going to get we're going to say
things to each other that we've never
had the opportunity to say to each other
okay
and so that's four places why one is I
won't know when you both will say
something you appreciate about each
other's culture well I appreciate how
your family are so welcoming to anyone
who comes to your house I love the
culture where Sonya brings all the
alcohol for free to drink and party like
you and I have been break okay say
something you if you see Navarre hell is
culture in your literature I don't have
anything I like thank you thank you
basically both agains will be
technically your people kicked out my
people it was like the really the
Indians yeah sort of mother thanks for
that because I was it I'll be living in
Africa right now I look well your grace
this is another episode of in my
personal space I hope you enjoyed
yourself I'll see you next week and and
thanks guys for coming in today
bye thank you
Oh
