one really goes up white American
artists take speak for their culture the
way people of color we're doing we're
gonna be like a lot of the coverage
around the back focuses a lot more on
the contest that were fun which i think
is a burden is shared by a lot of you
know artists from the Arab world and
general consul position where there's
this sort of weird expectation should be
performed on charity collage on all the
different society instead of actually
talking about the work itself and we do
invest ridiculous amounts of time
working on our northern half of them are
music then
making the references Richard making the
writing original alignment people leave
laced a lot of arsons with other tech
stuff like that until I got the stuff
that we very very rarely get to actually
talk about it's funny no one really goes
up to tell motors you know white
American artist I speak for their
culture is workable but partial college
we all compose together
I use a like I write the lyrics and
composed to them the rest of them
composed Tyga's our violinist I think
chaos a guitarist watch keyboard that
she doesn't like sort of above most
instruments politically genius product
drummer Rahim is our basis blush
thank you win it a bit happy Martina at
admin so how can I learn is we were
supposed to play a concert at this venue
the Roman amphitheater we played there
before the coup plates three times in
that venue before we played nine major
exits are going on and argit was in fact
on because we were at audience or
opinion values and customs morality and
incite people to rebel against society
and government all these things seem
like pretty basic democratic freedoms
they should be allowed but I think the
point was the sort of like send a public
message which is kind of dangerous I
think there's also an increasing trend
of you know government sort of pandering
to religious institutions because as
crazy increase in fanaticism I don't
agree with in the Islamic community is
in the Christian community as well as a
populace or whatever other reason
chomping down on freedoms of speech and
sexuality and whatever it is I don't
think it's really easy to just decide
that a lot of fundamentalism I think but
but then it gets more complicated in if
you look at Lebanon Lebanon is an
example of it where the law is actually
used to incarcerate non-heterosexual it
is a law that was actually put in place
by the French north by the lapies or the
Islamic world
the public we're talking about this
completely alien right it's also an
obscure a radical theory that were
pushing reinforce not narrative that any
society cannot such a thing as a shared
moral code and shared values and shared
custom that there should be one sort of
monocultural approach that these things
and empowers like other political
opinion you'd expect that would these
things the way things should work is you
could have a popular conversation about
food up from a conversation then there
is no conversation which is exactly
possible
the
Oh
you
something to really sort of dawned on me
the other day then the whole thing with
the Jordanian government happened it was
really humbling to see our audience
reacts Alabam like that to see the kind
of offer happens that I'm going to
present happen literally like the
concert body and turn into a political
body that way that it actually changes
something on a governmental level like
that was a concert crowd you know I mean
it wasn't a protest that was in our
political group there is an actual
political change that happened whether
the retraction from someone who is the
inspector there will be no retraction
and amazing as well music is rayna sort
of concert crowd she was putting this
create that is completely different and
kind of multiple
the EE
you
