to solve some of the world's most
pressing social issues not only by
discussing them but also by taking
action these there is a very special
guest that should be here but
unfortunately we have no we don't have
him here because it should all change at
the last moment so I asked him to do a
video which I could be there with you
for this year's trust women conference I
thank the Thomson Reuters foundation for
organized in this year's event the
gender equality is an issue that matters
to all of us men and women young and old
we're all in this together we must
support women leaders who provide other
women and girls with visible role models
we must encourage men who need to be
part of the solution
yo so basically I'm here in the
interview room with YouTube what we're
doing here is that YouTube has kind of
enabled content creators for using
YouTube to attend this conference and
meet some of these panelists in the
speakers and we get some private time to
speak to them the idea behind it is that
we really really really really need to
engage young people into topics like
this because young people generally I'm
not gonna generalize but generally have
less interest in these topics these
important topics like migration like
like trafficking like sex trade like
female empowerment they tend to be less
interested in them and that's a big
problem so YouTube has partnered up with
trust women and yeah we got some 5-time
with some pretty amazing people you know
I'm gonna place you down here but we
have a big camera where the real issue
will happen
nice to meet you thank you so much for
greens table time my primary role is to
kind of find out how can we engage young
people particularly millennial audiences
and generations that people between the
ages of you talking 16 to 35 how
important all these audiences in young
people in in your organization are vital
because they are the future we need also
have young people create awareness
because unless the new millennium people
will come on board we will not succeed
we have a responsibility now and they
will be the judge of what we are doing
people are superficial towards migration
they say ho but where they are coming
because they don't really feel empathy
for the people my husband
push myself to make our daughter maria
luiza that was just 18 to be part of the
search rescue team in the post rescue
that the moment as a mother even me that
wasn't the first line I say but we will
expose her is because there are very
horrible things that happen out at sea
but in the end is true we need to expose
the new millennia we cannot let them
live in this bubble we need to break
these bubbles and we need to let them
embrace the reality that sometimes is
not so pretty your daughter's house
now she's 20 which is growing the human
instinct when you see someone that is
sinking in the water is not to let him
drown do is to rescue him
so never allowed someone to tell you
that you cannot do it and never think
that you can if you believe in something
just go follow your dream
because if you don't even try is already
lost
everything's like what motivates why did
you decide that you wanted to help
people of human trafficking is there a
story they're getting diddly when I knew
that have to be come a prostitute I was
really mad and crazy for one week I was
shocked they beat me up they did
everything I didn't mind him so I feel
the same pains they felt because they
are crying every day inside their mind
people call me Mom Africa we are walking
because I care for everyone
even those that are not entitled to
benefit from the government we use even
our niche individual initiative personal
something to help the people
and once I learn how to do it
oh really my uncle that's why no but
thank you so much for your talk I really
enjoyed it I thought it was super
inspirational I'm a male and I feel
quite strongly about this I come from a
family of votes from women and I always
wonder about how can I positively impact
a cause that empowers women but be
sincere knowing that I benefit from male
privilege well one way to look at what
caused this distance between men and
women what are the things happen in the
past
lots of fears have been developed in
minds of the women and the men did that
create the fear so how to undo that
because there's a man I'm party to it
I'm the one who triggered the thing and
how do I do that
both boy and girl is good as anybody
else they are equal they can do
accomplish anything
and create the society that actually
makes it happen so I sit back and let a
very inspirational women do what they
need to do or do I be proactive and
there being a man you have the guilty
party to begin with so you have to undo
the things that has been done in other
generations in other parts of the
society so you have to stand up somebody
has to take up the position so you have
to be extra active in doing that being
passive is the only allowing thing to
happen as it is it's not doing any good
so you have two extra poker act extra
demonstrative that you do out of the way
to show that it has been wrong before so
you have to make it right
I was all right considering it was the
most last-minute sparsely prepared
points if you ever but despite that I
felt like I learned a lot as well and
and I'm feeling motivated to help more
and do more
so me and John I'd like a mutual friend
yeah so we're like basically Bros go
ahead I'll be the boys leaving the
conference now I have to go it was
really really inspiring like it's just
so much racing going incredibly people
doing incredible things especially with
him with us so often witness voices
heard
as loudly as I do they should be
improvement and now I'm a bomb or a two
at frontiers in town where I can't see
before they need
Burnaby how could you Bert put it in the
box
I love it if this is my piece I'm gonna
freak out people the Pedone amazing who
has the right to put my pits in the
thanks I mean matches up this was
perfect
yeah he's still eating with the night
before
