Oh
me
so I arrived in Berlin it's super early
in the morning I've got lots to do today
but just before I got started I wanted
to show you one of the most beautiful
news of Berlin yeah I'll show you
probably doesn't get better than this
how about that
I love this place though it's early
morning I've got Schiller's to do I'm
gonna go see my friend
Neelam now we've got some we sell these
stickers together and I'll tell you more
about them later but but um but ya gonna
chat with her for a bit about some work
and then I want to enjoy my city a
little bit my favorite city
I don't either hello Neela
I'll pretend like I didn't see it
Neelam's
- cool she's got a motor by you know she
rolls in late fashionably late back
I never said you were shipped by quiet
hemisphere to think I was trying to get
out of them what they really thought
about you I would never say such a thing
about you
hi nila how are you good
you said it I know I never say quantavis
said I'm a back so we have work to
do now so I'm going to the hush-hush but
it's kind of secret mmm Zoli - dick and
this one me loves babies
good meeting with the Faruk okay you
have to give me away
can you go down the street tell me like
breakdown how to party yeah first
important thing show it don't tell it
okay you're always like I'm about to eat
some breakfast and then you're done and
then yeah I'm about to talk to your
friend you feel like you're blogging but
people actually just hear what you're
doing they don't see it yeah okay so
show it don't okay I mean telly but also
some Joey yeah um
second thing use different methods to
show something like time lapses like
jump cuts like one takes like no only
holding this camera in your hand
yeah yeah but also putting it somewhere
before okay and third most important
thing you should always themself cool so
I'm sure wise right I know that was a
nice touch my to five years of expertise
in three points show it don't tell it
you use different methods of filming and
me authentic your fainting how do you
like feel like comfortable speaking in
like environments where there's lots of
people the most embarrassing thing it's
fine cool so seeing body right yeah
me Neela I'm gonna be a body at the same
time and we're gonna party
devil imagine that's how I get viral
baby yeah you say can you say something
right what should I say about myself I
do a lot of things
oh my 70 viewers are watching oh my god
so much pressure
oh I love going to Pakistan I'm gonna be
there just into society so yeah I have
an online shop where I sell beautiful
bedsheets you starting their startup and
it's porn India and it's amazing I mean
it's beautifully run product the
pictures are incredible but their bed
sheets and they're from Pakistan and
their whole something they're good and
you have to check it out now no your
turn being mine now you're more than
that
she's me but she's like supermom she's
everything I'm a filmmaker and I know it
was so you can sell it right if the
setup we have to set it properly and
look at this little beauty hey I start
baby
Oh finally I've been dying to check how
the video has been doing online is
literally all I've wanted to do since I
got home so I can finally check how the
video is gone okay I've been that I've
been waiting for this for ages um I've
had a crazy long day but really all I
wanted to do is just check how the
videos been doing I've just basically
been on my phone and I check every
message I check every comment it's my
favorite part like you make a video you
post online and then as it kind of
circulates through through cyberspace my
favorite part is checking how people are
reacting to it the positive is a
negative is it's some kid in Malaysia is
that some adult in America these are
things that really kind of interest me
that being said the video went
incredibly well I have to say and I'd be
completely honest with you right and I'm
not afraid to say it
that when I posted the video it was just
like it was almost emotional because
once you've been working on something so
hard especially the first video and
especially the fact that I've left my
job I've I've committed everything to
this and then it kind of culminates into
that one moment where you upload the
video you click upload it goes online
everyone starts to see it that there's a
moment and that moment is that that
first share that you get where someone
says something super positive get then
kind of mushrooms from there and you're
sharing my friend center and people
understanding it it's kind of connected
a global community of young people who
feel the same way about
misrepresentation and it resonates with
people that's why you make that kind of
video it makes it worth the trouble it
worth the sacrifice I'm just really glad
that I had a part to play in making
people feel they're not the only ones in
this world who feel that way and I think
this is what this video does what I
don't want to do is get myself carried
away not every video is going to be like
as as widely shared as popular as this
one is and that's totally ok is part of
the learning process and that's just
something I'm really keeping in mind I'm
super lucky that I've had a great start
but I completely understand and I have
to kind of drill into my mind there will
be abs and they'll be flows I have to
stay humble not accept that this is a
this is a marathon it's not a sprint it
is freezing in Berlin but I'm so glad to
be here I'm on my way to see some
youtuber friends who are making some
videos today they're filming and I'm
just gonna sit in and hang out and then
join in on the festivities and I'm
looking forward to it
all crazy crazy time and butt implant
and I just have to make sure I get
everything done before I go out to
London yeah exciting night you know I
have to do it you know you're such a
blogger what are you doing today
alright we have to finish another
another film another scene yes this is
really good
yeah I'd say I'm a I'm very impressing
but he keeps messing up his curls and
there's so like footages of footages
women's is women I didn't say this yeah
you did you say we do you say oh yeah he
will say you say what you did well we do
a Muslim satire pretty much don't don't
wonder because I'm I'm the the only one
who's not Muslim I'm the token Christian
any more than will think I was good so
the plan today the plaid day is when
today's we're gonna finish two scenes
for two different videos that we also
publish hopefully maybe this week or the
week after that tomorrow and yeah after
we have to finish one video for tomorrow
yeah and yeah we're hoping to be done
quickly
really cool space so in his house he has
a big house and this room uses to film
cool videos and stuff also discussing
the idea oh it's gonna be sick so
they're discussing what I'm gonna be
doing in the scene so basically what
they're doing they're doing like a
parody on inception and they're talking
about extremism that's all I know I
trust these guys they're really good but
they want me to be in the scene so we're
gonna figure out they're figuring out
how to exactly do that yeah yeah we'll
be in this thing will be fun other words
and then you're gonna zoom into his face
yeah to your face it was his dream is
history yeah and then we're gonna film
you showing your face and then it's
gonna be your dream and that's going to
be the footage you made well yeah so and
then when we jump out when we jam but
you didn't get it you didn't understand
it we can't put the footage isn't yeah
the finish put it in your in your video
okay so everyone gear this is dead ready
ready
okay so guys that was fun
Angelo's thanks thanks thanks thanks
thanks thanks bro thank you thank you
thank you thank you Oh
