you're the queen of my heart your love
your love is like tears from the stars
mama mama loving you is like food to my
soul my moms angry cause the whole
family is making her late not me as you
can see I'm in the car but but these two
my mom and sister
you know people what's up so I am in
Wembley this is the area that I grew up
in and I've been in for like a week now
but tonight it's a Saturday evening it's
a special day because my mother amongst
all the things that she does in life
runs a Sunday school and it's basically
a school where young Muslim kids once a
week come and they get their religious
and spiritual education but it's a very
special school because it wasn't like
other schools in which they focused on
how much information you knew or how
much you memorized instead what was
amazing about the school then I came as
as I was born was it was more focused on
how do you implemented the little yeah
focus on implementation not
regurgitation that to me was extremely
powerful growing up and being young and
being a minority and being you know your
identity crisis etc it was an amazing
place to have like-minded people that I
made here are like still very good
friends of mine today and yeah and this
place just really shaped us man I like
like all streams like this I mean we
could walk we could we grew up here and
preteens mid-teens and learning our
scriptures and and alphabets and all
that kind of stuff so so yeah it was a
massively formative time in my life and
a time that I'm only really appreciating
as I get older but we're here today able
to my mom all organizing a community if
star-like alumni and current students
and teachers we all come together
so we arrived a little bit earlier
percenter being here assist bringing
back all those memories I was a pretty
bad boy as well man I wish I could show
you where I am right now but you'll just
have to wait for the next video because
I have some catching up to do I've
missed out so much content because
things have been crazy so we're gonna
backtrack a bit this was like a few
weeks ago during Ramadan I wanted to
share my mum school with you but I
understand my work and my inspiration
for the future you need to understand
the context in which I come from
now a few weeks ago I released an eat
video and the response was out of this
world it was overwhelming thank you but
before I get into talking about that I
wanted to share some hilarious hilarious
behind the scenes for to maybe get a
laptop today well I will be but like
once you once I do start just I pretend
I'm not here
towards me yeah three more slow let's
slow as you can without it I'm looking
at unnatural yeah yeah I'm used to
smoking okay three two one
today I'm coming - for my video should
be extremely difficult
she keeps full cake I keep about what
tell them when we see it okay there's no
filter between this guy hahaha I was
like telling him to calm down okay okay
let's just finish filming now type is
leaving me alone
until next time
oh nice - good yeah where's my new
sticker is your bag right who's next -
film rival watching just amazing TV show
and it's white where my microphone is
it's like oh my god is the furniture
okay and you're like so happy that you
have your best friends even though like
all your life and if you want to tell me
a Mario how amazing really this scene
the scene is when this couples have just
met in the training this is when they
separate ways after their amazing
conversation on the train is proving
harder than we thought because getting
misty to keep a straight face a little
bit difficult
they look at the after
they did it successful they finally were
able to show that there a functional
couple I mean there was so many moments
to pick from little random things that
just happened throughout the whole
filming process that just made it a
really hilarious hilarious experience
those kind of videos are my favorite
videos being able to film lots of people
and put them all in a kind of short
video just so glad to see how it
resonated with so many people it was
about overcoming certain difficulties
you might be going through and turning
your weaknesses into strengths and that
kind of video would not have been
possible unless I had the lessons and
the community that my parents enabled me
to have you know one of the most
frequent questions I get asked is like
you know where did you learn to film or
what kind of camera you're using or what
lens are you using I always tell people
I always always tell people instead of
investing in technical skills invest in
social skills and I know that sounds
really very fair and crazy but I
guarantee the relationships that you
build behind the camera will reflect
what you film in front of the camera and
that video would not have been possible
unless for the amazing support of my
friends and family and people around me
who trusted me enough to film and that's
what it boils down to it boils down to
community and that's what my mother and
her school and the lessons I learned
from that place won't be from the very
beginning you know my mom always said
when she grew up she didn't have
community so they didn't just wait for
it to happen
they built it and if I can hope for
anything they need to be in the future
is to be a community of amazingly
like-minded people
was striving to make the world a better
place and be the best people they can be
anyway
I'm gonna keep it short and sweet thank
you so much for tuning in and make sure
you subscribe write a comment message to
me or that I love you guys thank you so
much for the continued support despite
how inconsistent I am
I apologize for that I'm gonna start
making these kind of low-quality vlogs
so I can just keep in touch with you
guys but yeah pray for me I say that now
okay
just to give you a little peek before
you go happy I mean how many years of
schooling good
you tient better quality of students and
when you are here
