tonight what's next in Afghanistan
veterans fighting to smoke pot look at
my record over the years all these
medications have disappeared why is that
and working the on-demand delivery
hustle
India's Supreme Court has ruled that a
controversial law permitting instant
divorce is unconstitutional the decision
is a major victory for women who have
fought for years against the practice
which allowed Muslim men to divorce
their wives simply by saying the word
tool up three times the court made up of
all male judges of different faiths
called the law on Islamic it's a
historic day I wouldn't say that the
offense IAM in fact you know a proper
longer battle for social reform for
empowerment for awareness for education
has to be a confidential UN report says
in the past six months two shipments
from a North Korean company suspected to
be a front for arms tailing were
intercepted on their way to a Syrian
chemical weapons agency the documents
seen by Reuters did not give details on
the intercepts or what the deliveries
contained investigations have confirmed
that the Assad regime has developed and
used nerve agents throughout the Syrian
war the Treasury Department announced
sanctions on six individuals and ten
organizations in China and Russia for
supporting North Korea's nuclear program
it's part of America's continued efforts
to further isolate the Hermit Kingdom by
punishing entities with financial ties
to Pyongyang's weapons advancement
Treasury secretary Steve minuchin called
out China and Russia specifically today
saying quote it is unacceptable to
enable North Korea to generate income
used to develop weapons of mass
destruction
the commander of the Pacific Fleet says
one or more bodies have been found in
flooded compartments of the USS John s
McCain the remains haven't been
identified but are thought to be those
of some of the ten sailors declared
missing after the Navy ship collided
with an oil tanker on Sunday five
nations are involved in the ongoing
search operations and today the
malaysian navy located a body at sea
Missouri governor Eric Greitens halted
the execution of Marcellus Williams
hours before he was scheduled to be put
to death the last-minute stay came after
a series of court battles by Williams
lawyers who argued that new DNA testing
revealed that the evidence on the murder
weapon belongs to another man Williams
who maintains his innocence was
convicted of fatally stabbing a woman
during a burglary in 1998 the governor
is ordering a review of the new evidence
before deciding whether Williams should
be granted clemency
the Taliban must act and act immediately
they will hand over the terrorists where
they will share in their fate
I have determined that it is in our
vital national interest to send an
additional 30,000 US troops to
Afghanistan
my original instinct was to pull out and
historically I like following my
instincts but all my life I've heard
that decisions are much different when
you sit behind the desk in the Oval
Office in other words when you're
President of the United States Trump
isn't the first president to backtrack
on a promise to end the war in
Afghanistan President Obama faced the
same grim choices Ben Rhodes served as
his closest foreign policy advisor I
have to say I do feel some sympathy for
any administration that you know finds
itself inheriting war we inherited Wars
as well President Obama had a line that
he liked to use which is it's a lot
easier to start wars and end them you
know you're gonna be criticized for
whatever happens after the fact if you
bring that war to a close in many ways
it's easier to just go with the momentum
of staying in a conflict but at a
certain point the reason we have
civilian control and military is so that
we can look at these challenges and not
just say okay do the generals want more
resources in this war at this particular
time but how does this war fit into the
broader national security interests the
United States view it asks somebody in
2002 why we're going into Afghanistan I
think they would have said we're gonna
get bin Laden
I want to get the terrorists who carried
out the 9/11 attacks and try to make
sure that there's not an al Qaeda safe
haven where they can carry out 9/11
style attacks again that was the
objective that we went in to achieve and
frankly we've just about achieved that
objective
and I don't think it's in our national
interest to add to an already trillion
dollar war in which we've lost thousands
of Americans by biting off more than we
need to chew in Afghanistan and I I feel
like that is what President Trump is
signed on to now and I think what's
frustrating to me is we have not learned
the lessons of Iraq and Afghanistan and
the way that I feel we should which is
that the US military can accomplish a
lot in taking out terrorists and denying
them a safe haven and training foreign
security forces but we cannot become the
police of these countries we cannot
become the government of these countries
and I worry that what we're learning is
when we get into these wars there is a
logic of always staying there in
perpetuity that extends beyond frankly
the national security interests in the
United States or our economic interest
here at home I completely reject that
criticism that giving a timeline of
sorts allows the Taliban to wait us out
they live there
they're Afghans they're not going to
leave and go someplace else
and I don't think that it's at all
premature notion that we need to set a
sunset on our time in Afghanistan when
you've already been there for 16 years
and what Trump I think just did is
essentially indicate that at least for
his time in office we're going to be in
Afghanistan and an open-ended way these
are choices every person you send into
harm's way could potentially be harmed
every dollar you spend in Afghanistan
you're not spending elsewhere every
counterterrorism resource that you put
in Afghanistan could be applied against
Isis someplace else while I feel a
degree of sympathy for the need to deal
with a war that has been ongoing for
nearly 16 years in Afghanistan I do
think frankly it's a responsibility of
the president I'd stay to say I'm the
ultimate decision-maker and if I believe
that there other national priorities and
that this goes beyond the mission we
should give our military that I can say
to the generals you know what we're
gonna take on a more limited mission
and we're gonna ask more of the Afghans
here because we've done our part and now
it's time for them to do theirs
David Shulkin the new secretary of the
VA has publicly acknowledged that
marijuana may have some benefit to
veterans with disabilities there may be
some evidence that this is beginning to
be helpful and we're interested in
looking at that and learning from that
but doctors at the VA are forbidden from
even talking about it with patients even
when those using it show signs of
improving because the federal government
still classifies marijuana as an illegal
drug with no medicinal value but a new
government funded study on pot and PTSD
could help overturn that policy
trevor sand is a Gulf War veteran a
quadriplegic and as of about ten years
ago an avid marijuana user I used to
have got so many pain pills
a lot of opiates and muscle relaxers a
lot over 40 medications until I started
using cannabis now I'm not a to
hallucinate Bert I don't fall asleep in
mid-sentence anymore
you know it's his quality of life the VA
prescribed Trevor dozens of medications
after a freak accident in the pool
paralyzed most of his body a year and a
half later he discovered marijuana and
used it to replace most of his meds he's
tried to talk to his doctors about it
but none of them will discuss his
cannabis use which costs him as much as
$1,300 a month 100% of the nurses at the
VA are like yes the veterans are it
helps but then you get to these doc oh
my gosh
you mean they actively avoid talking
about it oh yes oh yeah you tell the
doctor look I've been taking this and it
makes me feel better and they say you're
imagining this too much yeah
the first year that he was home I
thought that's we were gonna live the
rest of our lives I drool off of his
mouth he couldn't even hold the
conversation right because he fall
asleep because he was on so much so many
pills you want 47 different medications
they were slowly killing his liver I was
losing my father have you made a point
to talk to other veterans oh yes as many
as I can
99 percent of them is there a way I
could get off meals they don't like him
they don't like the effects and I'd say
a hundred percent of all that have tried
cannabis Wow in late July Trevor and his
daughter Erica went to a round table at
the Wisconsin State Capitol we're about
a dozen veterans and supporters shared
their stories and frustrations with a
state representative many of them use
marijuana for PTSD from March 8 2008 to
December 31st I was prescribed nine
thousand nine hundred and ninety five
pills and forty eight hundred and
seventy five of those were class two
pain medications xanax and other mood
altering drugs I came back and had what
I now know to be extreme PT full-blown
PTSD from the from the get-go having to
go through a black market and getting
you know couch lock type strains versus
something that could actually allow me
to function day to day is huge
my children say that I'm mad in the
morning it means I've had bad dreams
they have this acronym min you know
dad's mad in the morning and my wife
says ash take 10 minutes mm-hmm that ten
minutes is our code word for ash go
smoke some cannabis you'll be a lot
nicer to the family we'll all get along
much better and so I smoke not just for
myself but for my kids for my wife for
my relationships marijuana has not only
been shown to help with things like pain
management and post-traumatic stress
syndrome but also in curbing opioid
abuse which is an
especially big problem for military
veterans there nearly twice as likely to
die from accidental opioid overdoses
than civilians according to data
collected in 2005 from VA patients your
VA doctor can't talk to you about this
this treatment that's been really useful
to you what do you want them to know and
what do you feel like would help you
convince them that they should treat it
differently I've met a lot of them who
they will tell you I can't prescribe it
but you should try it don't tell don't
tell anybody I'm saying this you know
and that's a shame because they are
medical professionals and their hands
are tied
oh is it okay with somebody with asthma
you need an inhaler but if I take a pop
off this right now everybody look at me
funny and I'm spasming like crazy
because it hurts like hell there's a
growing sense that the voice of veterans
might be the best way to change the
federal policy on medical marijuana and
support is mounting most major national
veteran's service organizations have
already backed medical candidates the
others are waiting on the results of an
ongoing study in Phoenix it's the first
government back research of its kind
this is a limited space but we make it
work and sue Sisley is in charge of the
study which began earlier this year it's
the first ever fda-approved clinical
look at the effects of cannabis on
veterans with PTSD but like all
controlled trials in the u.s. it has to
use extremely low-grade government weed
so I was like not very kind of Asst to
say a lot of people would not recognize
this as cannabis if you look inside it
kind of looks like what's left over
after you use weed exactly yeah it's
it's point zero eight grams of cannabis
so it's a very minimal amount when I
heard about this government-sponsored
study and I didn't necessarily think it
would look like this
I mean people assume that you know a
government sponsored project is gonna
have all of the kind of bells and
whistles of a legit big pharma trial and
maybe we look kind of low how do you say
no maybe underfunded look sizzly wishes
she had more than the two million
dollars she got from the state of
Colorado but what she absolutely needs
is access to more veterans for the study
to be statistically significant it has
to include 76 veterans who meet a set of
very specific requirements but after
seven months sizzly has only managed to
find 20 she blames the Veterans Affairs
Office the Phoenix VA hospital has the
highest density of treatment resistant
veterans they probably have 20,000
patients there we need them and we can't
access them the Phoenix VA has set up a
brick wall there so we'll sees veterans
were going everyday have no idea that
this study is happening in their
backyard in early August sizzly sent a
letter to Shokan asking him to force the
Phoenix VA to cooperate she still hasn't
heard back we asked the National and
Phoenix VA for a response but neither
was willing to address the study I can
tell you that the majority of the public
will continue to be skeptical until
there's controlled data that's published
in a peer-reviewed journal if the study
stalls or is cancelled it's hard to
imagine Medical Marijuana will become a
treatment option for veterans anytime
soon
veterans who live in states where
medical marijuana is legal can go
elsewhere and pay out of pocket
veterans like Trevor who don't will have
to continue medicating themselves or go
back to taking opiates
I use my cannabis for my pain rather
than the pills because my organs are
gonna look a lot longer they're gonna
last longer which means when as I get
older I won't have to be in as much
medications when we signed up for
military hey you promised take care of
us you know we're doing the best we can
oh why you gonna fill us full pills
deferred action for childhood arrivals
or daca protects young people from
deportation and it's allowed close to
800,000 immigrants to stay in America
since Obama put it in place five years
ago but the legal groundwork for daca
goes back much farther
daka's origins date back to the 1970s
when one lawyer and his rock star client
discovered a basis for the policy in a
practice known as prosecutorial
discretion
my name is shimming sheer and I am a
senior staff attorney with the National
Immigration Law Center under immigration
law it's been a well-established
principle that the federal government
has the authority to decide who can and
cannot remain in the u.s. in the first
known case of an individual receiving
hospital discretion and therefore being
allowed to remain in the u.s. is the
case of John Lennon I met Alan Klein the
manager of the Beatles at the time I
remember appearing at their office many
gold records reflecting on all the walls
I realized at once that I was kind of in
unfamiliar territory
I was not big on in pop music the first
person I met is Yoko Ono I was very much
impressed with her she started to tell
us about why she was in the United
States then John stepped into the room
he said Leon you're the immigration
expert well I said I try I had been
shown a conviction record and I said
what is cannabis resin is that marijuana
oh he said no that's much better than
marijuana we wouldn't be able to free
ourselves of that conviction so it was a
very serious situation when I got home
my wife said to me your office called
and said that you have a meeting with
some heavyweight potential clients he
said who were they
I said Jack Lemmon and Yoko moto I was
included names she said are you talking
about John Lennon and Yoko Ono I said
yeah that's that's correct
I thought that getting a six-month
extension would not be a problem I went
to see the top man a district director
of immigration for the whole Port of New
York the next morning I get a call from
him he says because it's you I'll give
you a month but get them out
eventually I determined that the way to
do it was the Freedom of Information Act
which is the statute I love to get proof
that there was some authority to allow
people here out of hardship and I was
served with a box of documents copies of
1843 cases where the government had no
excuse other than to ask under what we
called non-priority
it meant you were putting it at the
bottom of the list and you'd never go
back to it and it started a whole review
of cases where the government has since
extended themselves and allowed out of
the goodness of their hearts people to
remain here the daca program is really a
tribute to John Lennon
I guess I'm woke up at like 8:00 and I
like hung out with my girlfriend and
then she left for work around like 10:00
and then I I got ready to go I worked
part time for post mates which is an app
where you can order stuff food things to
be delivered to you one of my good
friends actually was kind of like joking
he was like you should just do post
mates like like for you like your off
dates and stuff because you like biking
around so much and then I was like
that's actually a really good idea it is
I who can't use some extra money so I
started up this past winter just like a
couple of days a week when I'm like not
doing my other job when my girlfriend's
gone and so like I'm not gonna be doing
anything anyway and so I just go out and
do the postman's I always have
headphones because I get your
notifications and that I haven't use it
goin - so I just got thing for by Chloe
it's right on this corner here I know
where it is I just see it start pick up
and I'm heading that
kind of like in the winter when it would
get really snowy that was where like the
days that were really good because
people just like wouldn't want to leave
their house people would be like
ordering like burgers and stuff for them
or like three blocks away so I picked up
two quinoa tacos and a avocado toast now
I gotta make it fit my makeshift hot
coal bag here so last week I went to go
pick up this food at this fish fry kind
of place this place was like not a
delivery spot at all and so like beige
it was just like little like almost like
you know like a homemade kind of like a
little plastic thing and he's just like
popped right off still all over my bag I
had to throw out my bag I told you I was
like oh my god like I'm so sorry you
know I mean the back of cheese is
spelled out he was like it's alright
like I drew boys nice - I just like
won't tip you don't worry about it I'll
just give you five sorry so it doesn't
hurt your rating I was like
and mostly do post mates you know for
like flying and extra cash but at the
same time I would need it to like do
anything fun at all you mean like if I
ever want to like do something or buy
something extra like I need to brick
post mates sometimes you get like weird
stuff like just like an item I didn't
know it existed nipple guards for
nursing I didn't know anything about it
so but I just like showed the lady you
know in there she showed me where it was
people are usually really nice about
like helping you out the doorman let me
go pee
downstairs you've gotta find spaces go
to the bathroom when you're out here
especially when it's lunchtime you're
drinking a lot of water it's nice of him
like I do worry a little bit about like
getting hit by cars and stuff and not
having health insurance hosts mates
doesn't offer benefits for its employees
it's definitely the kind of job that you
should support is definitely not the
safest job in the world
especially here it's so slow today like
I've made $10 so far we've been out for
like two hours you know what I mean
almost three oh I get split sticks but I
won't know those until tomorrow it's
looking like it might be winding down
for now my phone's kind of dying usually
it's like a lot brighter red if things
are like happening it's probably just
like a nice day people are like going
out to go get lunch what call my dude
I texted my buddy who I get some pot
from sometimes and so we I came up here
to go get it from him
and there's still no deliveries so guess
we'll go home it's amazing though it's
like you know in a city where
everything's like open all the time and
you can just like walk down so easily -
like everything right there like people
love to just have stuff it's illiterates
in their door it's crazy but I'm down to
do it you know what I mean like I don't
mind I just like riding around guys are
just playing the jams the way you like
is like whoa maybe someone say that to
me that's like the best compliment ever
the way you look is like whoa to me I
was like yes when look when the girl
came in I was like that's how I feel
like where wouldn't you came in she was
like oh yeah and she has a beautifui
that she's a beautiful
kailani and ami-nee i love a do it yeah
I was hot as I love when the hi
I've always go triplet yeah I don't like
trip all the trip I'll let just just jet
by electro electric but but it was very
cool
I have no idea this is but I were
thinking the same we're connected not
very and lyrically I enjoyed every
second of that song that was why I did
it just that hi
I just always like I don't know why I
think of like Tommy Lee I feel like that
was like a big Tommy Lee jae-hoon
emulated it that's vice news tonight for
Tuesday August 22nd
you
you
