for the past year Democrats have been
trying to figure out just whose face is
the face of their party we are back some
want to be this guy or maybe this cup
starting this summer on a socialists
want it to be this one Republicans
really want it to be this woman but for
the next 57 days at least the debate
seems to be over the face of the
Democratic Party heading into the
midterm elections is a well-rested and
familiar
Democrats will still do a lot to see
President Obama 323 miles
Udrih through Newark way through my
office about 3:00 in the morning is to
see Obama this party is feeling pretty
good about the polls these days but
arguments over just how left-of-centre
the party should be are a persistent
distraction Obama it's hoped and put an
end to that and get everyone on the same
page is basically this event today
pretty much showing us that like it's
Obama for the next 60 days at least
I think he's that bridge between the
progressive side and then the old
Democrats and he's that perfect bridge
between him so in that sense I think he
is the party you had to be invited to
see Obama at the Anaheim Convention
Center this was an event for people
working to win Republican held seats and
the nation's largest blue stage I just
had time to spend with some amazing
Democratic candidates for Congress even
though it was for a roomful of Democrats
it was really a general election
campaign speech but the good news is in
two months we have a chance to restore
some sanity in our politics
we evolved very different from Obama's
speech the day before in Illinois there
was a lot of looking forward to the
future in that speech too but it was
also Obama's chance to finally talk
about the present how hard can that be
saying that Nazis are bad you know
people have been waiting for months when
is the president gonna come out when is
the president gonna come out but you
know when I was listening to his speech
yesterday I was like oh my god I forgot
how president is supposed to sound for a
minute it obviously leads to coverage
about impeachment it doesn't mean a
Democrat should be running on I don't
think the Democrats should be running on
impeachment a lot of my constituents are
very concerned about impeachment you do
have to understand that it takes 60
votes in the Senate it's not just about
taking back the house and obviously that
might be an issue that comes up that we
can't avoid at some point next year but
it is not the number one issue fight for
the things that we believe in issues are
what Obama focused on in Orange County
it wasn't a litany of attacks from the
president like Illinois it was a list of
things
Democrats have run on for years and are
running on again this time better wages
better health care things people want
and then he tacked on some good
old-fashioned Obama hope and change when
you look at the arc of American history
there has always been a push and pull
between those who want to go forward and
those who want to look back that old
stuff plus the new squeamishness about
Trump is what Democrats are hoping is
the secret recipe to flip districts that
vote a Republican for Congress and
Hillary for president on the same day
two years ago
districts like the one this guy's
running in his opponent is a 15 term
congressman and Trump Ally named dana
rohrabacher well like you're a big thing
is that you kind of like can talk to
Republicans used to be a Republican it
just seems to me that if I could think
of like the number one gift Republicans
would want for the next 60 days would be
Obama again right they get to talk about
Obama again not the case at all because
President Obama's hold messages bringing
people together which is the opposite of
our current president and most Americans
are between the 20-yard lines so for
guys like you we're in the trenches
grind in this election out what is
President Obama need to say to help you
out he just said it he just talked about
what our country can be that we can
either look back or we can look forward
you
