across the country cities have been
pushing the minimum wage up towards
levels full-time workers can actually
live on st. Louis was one of them but on
Monday the city's going to backtrack
lowering the minimum wage from $10 an
hour to $7 70s it e mandated increase
that happened just three months ago it's
actually very stressful not having
enough not have enough rent paying extra
in late fees because you live rent cuz
you'll have enough only appearing on
time stuff like that yeah
money has never come easy for Myron bar
being just a few months ago he was
working days at a hotel as a cook and
nights at schnooks
a 24-hour grocery store then in early
May the city of st. Louis raised the
minimum wage from seven seventy to ten
dollars that still meant someone working
full time would make only $400 a week or
a little more than $20,000 a year before
taxes but the extra money was
significant for Myron I saw my chick I
saw be differently on my cheek I'm so I
decided to quit my job at the hotel my
new plan was to go to school I was IT
certification class I was doing to
secure my future but after just two
weeks of classes he learned his raise
was only gonna last for another month
how did you find out um through a letter
posted everything so one day you just
went into ya work and there was a letter
posted in the break from no one talked
to you about
has anyone talked to you about it no
just two months after the left-leaning
city raised its pay floor the Republican
held state passed a bill that prohibited
all city specific minimum wage increases
undermining years of work by local
officials despite what liberals would
tell you it was actually taking money
out of people's pockets I mean these
laws actually do the reverse of what
they're intended to do st. Louis's mayor
Lida crusin isn't happy the state
decided to step in
when someone like the governor says
increasing the minimum wage is bad for
our economy we will lose jobs we'll lose
business how do you respond to that in
the state of Missouri would have a
minimum wage which is seven dollars and
seventy cents clearly that is not enough
money to support a family on or even
yourself at the national level there's
always a big rhetoric about pushing
things down to the state level but
clearly it stops there are you saying
that it's hypocritical of Republicans or
the right to want local control until it
doesn't suit them or it doesn't fall in
line with their interests I'm saying
it's interesting what works in st. Louis
Missouri a dense urban area may not be
the exact same law that we need in most
smaller towns most economists today
would say that there is a point at which
the minimum wage is so high that it
starts to hurt not only businesses but
even workers because it encourages
companies to cut back on jobs in hours
but many businesses in st. Louis think
$10 an hour isn't high enough to do that
I can't believe that politicians
wouldn't say ok they passed this $10
minimum let's see how it goes over the
next couple of years Joe Edwards is a
st. Louis native he's built a mini
Empire of quirky small businesses along
one of the city's most popular strips
and he employs about 400 people Joe's
sticking with $10 if there's a group in
st. Louis called save the raise and I've
talked with them and they're going
around talking to most businesses small
businesses in st. Louis and finding out
are you gonna put it back to 770 or you
can leave it at 10 and the last time I
talked to them 92% of small businesses
we're gonna leave it at 10 that's
astounding that's wonderful why is it
important to you to other businesses in
st. Louis pay more than the 770 minimum
wage I think the business to pay more
will do better both employees and
customers because it would get better
customer service they would get more
knowledgeable customer service it's a
restaurant they would know all about the
menu and the drink specials and the
ingredients are going to it that's
priceless not every company in st. Louis
sees it that way
many larger national and regional chains
are expected to roll back their wages
including schnooks where myron expects
to make around 850 an hour again if
you're living check the check right now
when you're making 1060 how are you
gonna do it when you're making $8 or 850
finally a lot of my course are more
permanent a minute or almost ten plus
years already to me
they say that I don't have to my love
with her smells just honest today as a
full-time 20 plus year thing for me this
is not my calling I know I can do much
better but I want to give more be more
in life
you
