I just play in the gym so you are my
connected I do it and focus last one
that means I cannot run yo the way you
look is like whoa
did someone say that to me that's like
the best compliment ever the way you
look is like whoa to me I was like yes
when like when the girl came in I was
like that's how I feel like when she
came in she was like oh yeah and she has
a beautiful is that she's a beautiful
kailani and I mean a I love it do it you
know
just let the same time when I was hot as
 I love when the hi-hat I would go
triplet yeah I don't like triple
electric my electric jet pilot your
pilot jet pilot but it was very cool I
have no idea this is but I were thinking
the same we're connected I'm not very
empirically I enjoyed every second of
that song that was love just that
highest I just always like I don't know
why I think of like Tommy Lee I feel
like that was like a big Tommy Lee's
room and elated it
you
