I got some wolf over like eight and I
like hung out with my girlfriend and
then she left for work around like 10
and then I I got ready to go I work
part-time for postmates which is an app
where you can order stuff food things he
delivered to you one of my good friends
actually was kind of like joking he was
like you should just do post mates like
like where you like your office and
stuff because you like biking around so
much and then I was like that's actually
really good idea inside who can't use
some extra money so I started this past
winter just like a couple of days a week
when I'm like not doing my other job
when my girlfriend's gone so like I'm
not going to do anything anyway so I
just go up and do the post name I always
have headphones because I can get your
notifications and that I had to use it
go in - so I just got thing for by Chloe
it's right on this corner here I know
where it is I just spin it start pick up
and I'm heading that way sounds like in
the winter when it would get really
knowi that was really like the days that
were really good because people just
like wouldn't want to leave your house
you would be like ordering like burgers
and stuff so that were like three blocks
away so I picked up two quinoa tacos and
a avocado toast now I'm going to make it
fit my makeshift pothole dive here
so last week I like went to go pick up
this food at this fish fry kind of place
this place is like not a delivery spot
at all and so like beige it was just
like a little like almost like you know
like a homemade kind of like a little
plastic thing and it just like popped
right off so all over my bag I had to
throw out my bag I told you I was like
oh my god like I'm so sorry you know I
mean the
Jesus all that he was like sorry I do
post dates - I just like won't if you
don't worry about it I'll just give you
five stars so it doesn't hurt your
rating I was like
I mostly do protonates you know for
likes on and extra cash but at the same
time I would need it to like do anything
fun at all hear me like if I ever like
to do something or buy something extra
like I need to perk postmates sometimes
you get like weird stuff like just like
an item I didn't know existed nipple
guards for nursing I know anything about
it so but I just like showed the ladies
you know there she showed me where it
was people are usually really nice about
like helping you out the door man let me
go pee downstairs you've got to find
places go to the bathroom when you're
out here especially when it's like
cotton you're drinking a lot of water
it's nice of them
like I do worry a little bit about like
getting hit by cars and stuff and not
having health insurance postmates
doesn't offer benefits for its employees
it's definitely the kind of job that you
should insure for it's definitely not
the safest job in the world especially
here so slow today like I've made ten
dollars so far and we've been out for
like two hours you know what I mean
almost three boy get slip stitch but I
won't know those until tomorrow
it's looking like it might be winding
down for now my phone's kind of dying
usually it's like a lot brighter red if
things that are like happening probably
just like a nice day people are like
going out serving lunch what call my
dude I text my buddy who I get some pot
from sometimes and so we came up here to
go get it from him
and is full no deliveries so guess we'll
go home it's amazing though it's like
you know in a city where everything's
like open all the time and you can just
like walk down so easily to like
everything's right there like people
love it just has such a delivered right
to their door it's crazy but I'm down to
do it you know what I mean like online I
just like riding around
you
you
