CloudFlare a San Francisco tech firm
isn't as well-known as Google or Amazon
but it handles 10% of all internet
requests for clients ranging from the
Trump pence campaign to OkCupid it also
handled traffic for the neo-nazi site
daily stormer at least until last week
when CloudFlare CEO Matthew Prince
decided to make the stormer the first
site ever to be kicked off his platform
prince spoke with Michael Moynihan about
opening the Pandora's box of policing
speech on the internet I found the daily
Strummer repugnant I did not shedding a
tear that that content isn't online
anymore but one of my fellow employees
came up to me the day that we we talked
took it offline and said hey is this the
day the Internet dies there was no due
process you woke up one morning and you
said this is bad and I'm gonna do
something about it the thing that was
the tipping point for us was I woke up
one day and and opened Twitter and there
were a whole bunch of screenshots of
some of the people behind the site
saying CloudFlare actually supports us
and upper-echelon zuv their leadership
our white nationalists but that's easily
dismissed though isn't it you're
absolutely right but what it had become
was such a distraction that we couldn't
have the really important conversation
about what role should CloudFlare be
playing in regulating the internet and
so I am deeply concerned that I had the
authority and the power to wake up one
morning and say you know what I'm done
these guys I'm sick of this so them
they're off the internet think about
what you just said though oh they're off
the inner yeah you woke up in your
apartment that's exactly right here and
said who they're off United
Society has that power you have that
patch but does that make you feel I
think we made the right decision in the
short term to allow us to have this
conversation but the conversation
started would you allow the daily
stormer to come back I think they're
just such
jerks and I don't want to do business
with them anymore a lot of jerks out
there that there are there's some people
that might put up Isis beheading videos
that to host and watch is not illegal
but it's really really repugnant content
yeah if that was on your network after
this example we should take it down the
short answer is no so if we went to
regulators and we said here's this thing
which we're deeply troubled by it and
they said no no did you know there's no
it's not against the law
don't take it down then right now our
policy would be we're gonna leave that
up so in the short term Nazis are bad
but Isis videos are okay with the daily
stormer are assholes Isis are kind of
assholes - absolutely again the question
is is this hypocritical yes absolutely
hypocrite of course that again was a
conversation we've been trying to have
for the last two months and we couldn't
because everyone was just turning to us
and saying why do you support the Nazis
realities we don't support anyone who
uses our network so in the daily stormer
issue you got on the top of that
slippery slope went a little bit down it
right did you worry about that slippery
slope enormous ly we used to be able to
say we have never taken a site offline
due to political pressure now we're
having debate right now about whether we
can still say that usually take it
offline from political pressure you took
it offline from the moral quandary that
you woke up with one day maybe I mean
again maybe but as you said would it
have been a different outcome if the if
the young woman hadn't been killed in
Charlottesville again I can I can
pretend the answer is yes that it we
would have done exactly the same thing I
don't think that's probably reality do
you have too much power what we need to
have is a conversation about where is it
the right place for tech companies to be
to be regulating the internet and what I
know is not the right answer is that a
cabal of
ten you know tech executives with names
like Matthew Mark Jack you know Jeff are
the ones choosing what content goes
online and what content doesn't go
online
you
