Mindi Agatha Shelley is a veteran of the
Russian media let's keep it super simple
yes if we start bringing up all this
crazy details people people gonna go
insane you used to work at RT the
Russian fund a television station now
he's the boss at sputnik's DC bureau
this is the first Russian
government-funded radio station in the
United States so you're hoping to get
those congressmen and stuff listening to
Sputnik in the morning oh I would love
before 105.5 was Sputnik it was the
public radio home for bluegrass and
country music in DC so why do the
Russians want it India wants to prove
Russian state media isn't a firehose of
fake news we really wanted to be on FM
because next time an idiot writes that
oh these are the guys who propelled trum
into his position people will tune in
and hear what we say on the air will be
that doesn't sound like a Sputnik the
network has been around for a while it's
global with content in more than 30
languages on the radio you won't hear
anyone say you're listening to Russian
government-funded broadcasting but you
will hear the Russian pronunciation of
that famous satellite about 15 times a
day you're listening to radio
the shows on Sputnik FM aren't about
Russia they're about America
the signature show is called fault lines
garland Nixon who called himself a
Bernie bro
squares off daily against Lee Stranahan
the only avowed Trump supporter on the
air I think the Russian narrative is a
complete load of crap the guys disagree
about a lot of things Russia is not one
of them we're in another boogieman phase
Russia's the the take away from
listening to Sputnik is that other news
is corrupt and that listeners should
fear the American media infrastructure
yesterday we started the week by talking
about the dopey lying mainstream
establishment media that lies to the
American people and does propaganda the
Americans with shows on Sputnik FM told
us no one tells them what to say or how
to say it and what they want to say most
of the time come from the far left I'm a
socialist I've been part of the anti-war
movement since I was a teenager during
the Vietnam War
you have Jeff Sessions who hates
immigrants is a xenophobe himself why
does the Russian government pay Brian
Becker to be on the air five hours a
week I'm a critic of u.s. foreign policy
perhaps that's a voice that the Russian
government wants to have the American
people also listen to but I don't really
know it's not like Russia is a great
example for American progressives to
aspire to but Sputnik offers them the
chance to hold a mirror up to their own
country in ways mainstream outlets
usually don't it has to be one of the
most open secrets out there though quite
frankly at the Pentagon is really just
one giant pig trough for every military
contractor and Lobby is connected to
contractors to feed from Eugene Puryear
once ran for DC City Council as a Green
Party candidate now he hosts by any
means necessary a show that includes a
lot of voices from black lives matter
and similar movements people you
generally won't hear anywhere else
he says for guys like him a platform as
a platform do you care if there's a you
know a Russian political leader who's
like yeah man this this shows on we're
making the u.s. look weak
America is doing quite a bit of
destabilization and so it's not that
surprising that in a
power struggle of major powerful
countries over big interest that all
parties involved are gonna be trying to
influence each other one way or another
that's true in an academic sense right
but you're the person on the air so I
wonder what if you're the tool that
destabilization does that bother you at
all well I would say this for people who
are concerned that like airing more
content about police shootings or
whatever it may be it's gonna rip
America apart as a huge weakness that
Russia is exploiting if that's what you
think then there's one simple solution
and that's solve the problem I think
what we're doing is just bringing to
light issues of concern in America that
are going to be divisive whether there's
a Sputnik or whether there's not a
splitting state-owned media is nothing
new the US has it and so does its allies
media won't tell us how much Sputnik FM
costs and we don't know how many people
are listening yet but we're seeing how
Russia is using its data on media in our
country it gave an FM station to an
existing American resistance what's
funny about this is that you know the
original Sputnik right it was this thing
that created his great terror in America
when it went over but it was actually
just like a sort of benign beeping
satellite in Russia it's still a matter
of national pride
oh we were the first in space and here
in the states it's like this is not the
Russians are coming this radio station
is not the Russians are coming well yeah
we already came
you
