tonight the tax reform battle takes
shape amazon hiring spree and march of
the micronation my name is dr. Eric list
I am the unquestioning radical dictator
of the Eric and Empire the number of
people who voted in Sunday's
controversial Venezuelan election with
tampered with according to the company
that provided voting machines the
government said more than eight million
people voted we estimate the difference
between the actual participation and the
one announced by the authorities is at
least 1 million votes the opposition is
calling for a criminal investigation in
AVF puede decir de ciencia ciertas
chenza gente que esta live you lament
ando say who Ella Kagan oh oh well sip
lament a product on una trampa thousands
of Syrian refugees along with spiders of
a former al Qaeda affiliate group left
Lebanon by bus today
headed for rebel-held territory in Syria
their exit from Lebanon is part of a
ceasefire deal between the jihadis and
Hezbollah the two sides also agreed to a
prisoner swap last week Hezbollah and
the Syrian army launched an offensive to
drive the jihadists out of the area
today is this year's Earth overshoot Day
which marks the date were humankind has
used up more natural resources than our
planet is able to renew in the entire
year and it arrived earlier than it ever
has before keeping pace with the current
global demand on nature would now take
the equivalent of 1.7 earth but if
everyone lived the average American
lifestyle we need the eco resources of
fibers president Trump signed a
bipartisan bill levying new sanctions
against Russia Iran and North Korea and
his reaction to it was personal in one
of two written White House statements
addressing the bill Trump said quote I
built a truly great company worth many
billions of dollars that is a big part
of the reason I was elected as president
I can make far better deals with foreign
countries than Congress
president Trump endorsed the new Senate
bill aimed at cutting legal immigration
levels in half over the next decade many
of those affected would come from the
pool of people entering the country
through family ties the president said
the process would favor applicants who
speak English and who can financially
support themselves in their families a
engineer racial and ethnic flow of
people into this country that is one of
the most outrageous insulting ignorant
and foolish things you've ever said and
for you that still a really the notion
that you think that this is a racist
bill is so wrong and so insulting the
bill has very little chance of passing
in its current form it's been a brutal
summer for the US Congress and fall
isn't shaping up to be much better
Republicans will have to strike deals
when raising the debt ceiling and
keeping the government funded before the
end of September only then can they move
on to their real priorities
tax reform where any hope of bipartisan
cooperation has already vanished
yesterday Senate Democrats released a
letter with their demands for tax reform
don't cut taxes for the rich and don't
increase the deficit in response
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said
that he plans to do tax reform through
reconciliation which lets them pass
something with 51 votes instead of 60 we
will need to use reconciliation because
we have been informed by a majority of
the Democrats and a letter I just
received today that most of the
principles that would get the country
growing again they're not interested in
addressing so this is the same
legislative backdoor that Republicans
tried to use for health care it's a way
to pass legislation without any
Democratic support and they won't get it
Democrats have already told McConnell
but if he uses reconciliation
they're out
no matter what else is in the bill so
for now at least this is a one party
game but it's still going to be really
hard to get done in order for
reconciliation to work first there has
to be a budget resolution specific
language in the budget would green light
using reconciliation for the tax plan
but that green light isn't operative
until the budget is passed and the GOP
majority hasn't done that yet
assuming that gets done they'd need to
agree on the details of tax reform
itself you may have noticed that through
this whole discussion about taxes that
you haven't heard any actual numbers
that's because the GOP isn't even there
yet figuring out how to change rates is
incredibly hard which is why Congress
haven't passed any major tax reform
since 1986 that legislation reduced the
number of tax brackets and lowered tax
rates for top earners from fifty percent
to thirty eight point five percent it
paid for all that by taxing corporations
and closing loopholes even top
administration officials aren't all on
the same page on reform last week Steve
banning reportedly floated a hike in the
tax rate on those who make more than
five million dollars to forty four
percent but days later the White House
legislative director came out and said
that was totally off the table we don't
believe that raising taxes is the way to
encourage growth we believe that
lowering taxes particularly among job
creators is the best way to get the
economy going that proposal doesn't
raise a lot of money anyway the Tax
Policy Center analyzed a similar
proposal by Hillary Clinton during the
campaign and found it would only bring
in about 126 billion dollars over ten
years not nearly enough to offset all
the other tax cuts Republicans want as
the GOP factions and the two chambers in
the white house bicker over what a
package will look like the longer this
will take and the more opportunity
Democrats will have to make any reform
politically toxic for targeted
Republicans
vice president Mike Pence was in
Montenegro today the latest stop in a
tour of reassurance for Baltic states
unnerved by increasing Russian
aggression
Montenegro a country of just 600,000
could use the support its Prime Minister
Dushku Markovic was famously shoved
aside at a recent NATO summit by
President Trump who all but denounced
the new round of sanctions against
Russia today when Montenegro officially
joined NATO in June Russia was furious
now Moscow appears to be punishing the
tiny country with a poisonous smear
campaign plantas vineyard is the largest
wine producer in montenegro making 17
million bottles a year until recently
Russia was among its biggest export
market but that changed in the weeks
before Montenegro joined NATO when
Russian regulators suddenly declared
Montenegrin wines contaminated Denise Q
magazine afros Petrovna zou Joseph riad
na in France also goes F and Oksana boys
combination of all context provided una
se√±al de France a resume of I never
starts comunicados RT plus the KPCC de
Deus participate within any commercial
political Chinese the division and
report started warning Russian tourists
about visiting Montenegro calling it
dangerous and crime-ridden by any
measure
Montenegrin military is tiny dis fewer
than 2,000 active personnel but it had
been Russia's last hope for access to
the Adriatic Sea and Moscow doesn't like
what it sees as a Western incursion into
its sphere of influence near Hashem
Toulouse nepata yon nourish our
infrastructure oh not a bit resistant
granules
c'mon bruh to Brazil I'm worried with
gradual saladna Napoli I did get
national commercial prejudices Moscow is
even suspected of sending two agents to
stop Montenegro from joining NATO by
assassinating a prime minister Mike
Pence's invitation to Montenegro in its
neighbours will likely enrage Moscow
even more we truly believe the future of
the Western Balkans is in the West and
we look forward to reaffirming the
commitment of the United States to build
the relationships that will strengthen
the ties between the European community
the Western Balkans and the United
States of America plantas vineyard has
appealed to a Russian Court to overturn
the wine ban but there have already been
numerous delays and their odds of
succeeding just got longer
Al Franken is a Democratic senator from
Minnesota he's also a sharp-witted
political satirist who honed his craft
on the set of Saturday Night Live for
his entire first term Franken kept these
identity separate but in his new book
he's merging them I wonder if I should
tell this Joe this is a Buddy Hackett
joke okay
so guy goes into a doctor's office he's
got a dot on his forehead doctor says
well in six weeks you're gonna have a
penis growing out of your forehead like
I said so doctor what you're telling me
is that when I get up in the morning and
look in the mirror I'm going to see a
penis going on in my forehead boxes none
of them though you won't see it the
balls will cover your eyes Franken funny
is officially out of retirement in
California progressives are really happy
to see it I don't have a lot of hearing
balance you're one of them no thank you
keep fighting horse man hi well thank
you it's like being on the rock tour
people are into lining up for a long
time you're getting to see you is that
happening because your senator Al
Franken or because you're sort of noted
author comedian and satirist Oh Frank I
think it's all it's all back yeah sod
you know there's a lot I mean you've
been this person for a long time jobs
not odd to me the book tells the story
of a comedian struggling to keep his
mouth shut
I give up PML is
but it also tells the story of an
outside agitator who works to become a
member of the Democratic establishment
Franken was elected in 2008 by the
smallest margin in Senate history Wow it
was close what we won it was a brutal
campaign Republicans and even some
Democrats warned that his career as a
comedian meant Franken wasn't serious
enough for the Senate I'm good enough
I'm smart enough and doggone it people
like me this story of your campaign with
the Bellas I get this guy's course he's
just a comedian he doesn't understand
the decorum yeah yeah how come you're
ISA Senate is going to embarrass the
people of Minnesota Franken listened to
his critics he became a boring policy
wonk I rise today to express my support
for Senator Mikulski's amendment for
women's health he didn't talk to
national reporters and in 2014 he won
re-election by a large margin thank you
for giving me the chance to keep working
for you in Washington people wondered if
he'd ever be funny again it turns out
Franken was being funny the whole time
he writes the behind the scenes he used
jokes to make friends many of them
Republicans there are people of goodwill
who have different systems of a belief
that you can find common ground with and
that you just have to you know there's
no one on the Senate floor that when I
look at him I go even Ted Cruz I feel
you guys don't get along super well and
now but I probably like him more than
most my colleagues like them and you
don't like them and I hate them and we
no longer think it's weird for
entertainers with no political
experience to convince voters they're
serious to run for office and the
efforts to actively hide frankenz funny
are almost quaint now well now we've got
you know the tweet of the day and
everything else that happens mean all
the things that viewer
about with you that you didn't do I have
now been done by somebody else so that I
don't know how do you feel about that
well of course it hasn't been lost on me
haha you know and the irony of people
scandalized by a joke that I had written
in 1978 here's what makes Frank
indifferent while the rest of those guys
talk about how politics won't change
them Franken is proud of becoming a
Washington insider so the funny is back
but it's different it is my great
pleasure to introduce Al Franken and
Marc Maron
there are things liberal comedians will
say that he won't you work with these I
don't want to be diplomatic you work
with these these monsters and you're
you're either saying you're in the
Senate there You've Mitch McConnell you
see him you say hi you know he's not a
monster
mycology he's done he's something he's
it he done some bad things and a large
part of your book is moving away from
being a person who kind of didn't take
any to a person who understood at
what points you have to take to get
things done you want to get done it is
usually the reverse which is like I
don't want to take advice from political
themselves and what's that second okay
you know that's the mess as I am and the
thing is is that you know you get
changed
it's unavoidable and it's in order to
get things done it's in order to you
have to compromise with people sometimes
frankly yes
to be fighting a good fight buddy
today Amazon held one of the largest
single-day hiring events in American
history hoping to make 50000 job offers
in a span of only a few hours it's
another sign of its growing dominance of
the retail business meanwhile
traditional retailers are in freefall
that shift from brick-and-mortar stores
to e-commerce is often seen as a bad
trade-off but what if that's not the
case the bigger Amazon gets the more
everyone worries about the so-called
retail apocalypse which has already seen
nine retailers go bankrupt this year and
chains like JC Penney's Macy's and Sears
shut down hundreds of stores the retail
industry employs hundreds of thousands
of Americans many of them would only a
high school degree and e-commerce by
definition threatens many of those jobs
but what is the depth of these
traditional store fronts and shopping
malls is actually something we should be
celebrating what if the rise of
e-commerce has actually left American
workers better off
Michael Mandel an economist at the
progressive Policy Institute started
asking those questions last year and the
answers he's found might surprise you
really what's going on is that this has
become a job creator because it turns
out that if people are willing to shop
online if they can get the stuff quickly
and getting the stuff quickly means you
have to have fulfillment centers located
near every large city since the peak of
the last business cycle in December 2007
the number of total ecommerce jobs has
risen by about 400,000 much more than
the 140,000 jobs that have been lost in
brick-and-mortar retail these jobs
however many of them there might be are
traditionally thought of as poor paying
temporary gigs with awful working
conditions the gigs are tougher and
tend to be more physically demanding but
Mendel finds that ecommerce jobs paid
31% more on average than their
brick-and-mortar retail counterparts and
unlike traditional retail are usually
full-time positions with benefits this
is a case where technology is creating
jobs for people with a high school
education that paid decent wages for
their area
honestly I view this as a potential
harbinger of economic spring that in
fact it turns out that technology
economy can produce jobs for people who
are not software developers the only
people have not good news for is the
shopping mall owners who find themselves
with possession of real estate that may
not be worth as much as it was before
it's hard to argue with Mandel on a day
when Amazon is ready to hire 50,000 new
workers but he may be under estimating
the longer-term impacts of automation
ecommerce is built on productivity and
humans will never be as productive as
robots they're also much easier to
replace when they're working out of
sight in a warehouse instead of at the
front of a store
I'm president Kevin Baugh of the
Republic of Molossia I am King George ii
a little of Suburbia I'm one of the
founding members my name is dr. Eric
list
I am the unquestioned radical dictator
of the arrogant Empire if you don't
remember any of these countries from
geography class you're not alone they're
all micronations self declared sovereign
states not formally recognized by the
countries in which they reside thank you
this summer
representatives from 27 micro nations
gathered for a summit in Dunwoody
Georgia Micronesia our governing
philosophy is absolute monarchy based
upon divine right theory and I have over
200 citizens who tend to agree with it I
don't think it makes it exactly a cult
but how much y'all here oh here's a
neurogenic I love your outfit that one's
wonderful I can give the tour of the
house if anybody wants it Virginia is
and all Micra nations for that matter
are more of a political statement than
an ideology we don't care for the way
things are going in the countries we
come from and we think we could do a
better job even if it's just over a
postage stamp-sized Jesus property
micronations came to prominence in the
1960s when two man-made islands declared
their independence the Republic of Rhode
Island off the coast of Italy and seal
and off the coast of the UK the Italian
government did not take kindly to Rhode
Island and in 1968 they sent forces who
demolished it with explosives seal and
fared better surviving a hostage
situation and legal troubles ranging
from passport fraud to money laundering
other micro nations were founded with a
wide variety of goals
including establishing a libertarian
utopia creating a matriarchal BDSM state
and circumventing drug laws
many of these had less than ideal
outcomes however the majority went
unnoticed by society until the 90s when
previously isolated micro nationalists
realized they weren't alone
I wasn't even aware that there were
other micronations out there until the
advent of the internet you know you get
out there you start looking around like
whoa that guy's got his own country
declare like I've got his own country
young Majesties your Highnesses your
excellencies ladies and gentlemen my
country is an anti state we now consider
ourselves to be a classical republic
money what is it anyway
Burton had a long tradition against the
vile vermin of squirrels most of my
citizens never even meet me they send in
the application I approve it we also get
a lot of people trying desperately to
leave third-world countries they think
that were a country with enough land
that they could move here we can give
them a citizenship but it comes without
residency there are absolutely no
tangible benefits to being a member of
the air cannon fire it is clearly
something that someone can be happy
about naturally we do sell banknotes and
coins and printable passports and
citizenship certificates but really it's
not a question of tangible benefit it's
question of just belonging and when you
get down to it that's really one of the
most powerful things in the world our
land claim is actually only the size of
a small rock it's right here in this box
and it weighs roughly about two pounds
many micro nationalists are not
isolationist they also want to shape the
world around them and question what
makes a state legitimate
for them even small acts of rebellion
help challenged bureaucracies and give
them control over their own lives some
people describe it as role-playing Micra
nations actually hate that this is more
of a lifestyle especially ignition of
your own services my special gift to you
I am down my husband was an invalid for
a number of years she came up with laws
and ruled that we still use when he
passed away we got about a hundred
condolence letters from other
micronations I spent 10 years being a
caregiver suddenly I didn't know what to
do with myself this fills my time thank
what I'm not being the queen I'm being
what other people want me to be when I'm
being the queen I'm who I want to be
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
August 2nd
you
