today a White House Commission on opioid
use headed by Governor Chris Christie
urged the President to declare a
national emergency to combat a rising
death toll from drug overdoses a toll
that commissioner said was quote equal
to September 11th every three weeks
across the country
cities and towns are figuring out new
ways to confront the epidemic those on
the frontlines in Buffalo New York are
trying to solve the problem in the
courtroom we're about 80 opioid users
facing drug charges are enrolled in a
treatment program that can have some of
them facing a judge every day with
Pharma these vacant some a lot of users
like to come here the crash to shoot up
places like empty so I was here they're
going to come back these days
Buffalo officers Charlie Miller and
Andrew whiteford spent a lot more time
searching abandoned buildings for drugs
and overdose victims when we first got
on we had one overdose call that was in
2012 and it was a young girl that had
swallowed some pills that was the only
overdose that we saw 2014 it's just
completely belong the officers described
the city's drug landscape a lot like a
game of whack Amole where for every
person helped another drug-dealing house
is found another person overdoses in a
single week last year three people
fatally overdosed while awaiting court
appearances very sad it is very very sad
and then we talked with some of these
people in salt walk like you know if you
keep doing this you're going to die and
the response usually as I know Buffalo's
answer to its opiate crisis is the
country's first opiate intervention cord
thank you please be seated
after a person is arrested they're
interviewed given a medical screening
and sent to the courtroom of Judge Craig
Hanna all right we're going to start our
opiate court calendar at this time
22-year old Jessica Skylar has had
multiple drug arrests and is one of the
courts first participants how are you
okay everything is going well they say
that you're coming up to your 30 days
but here there's no mention of crimes
committed I'm glad you and Hannah acts
more as a life coach than a judge find
someone you feel comfortable with and
always have a discussion about it
because you don't want to keep it
bottled in Hannah meets with dozens of
people daily the fact that you're here
and you know we're going to talk to you
it's going to help you grow from the
experience thank you and I grab sweet I
think they've kept me motivated to stay
flamin unlike standard drug courts
participants are put into treatment
within days of their arrest they get
their charges put on hold for at least
thirty days and when they complete the
program they get a certificate
congratulations
while we give them a round of applause
you have successfully completed our
intervention program you know I would
like to give you the certificate of
appreciation keep up the good work
they'll still face charges but the
charges may be reduced or even dropped a
lot of addicts to burn all their bridges
so they don't have their family more and
pulling for them they don't have their
girlfriend under boyfriend now we're
that constant contact with them showing
there's actually someone that loves and
cares for them and wants them to do well
because that's half of the battle what
made your light bulbs go off you know
what brought you to your personal
philosophy on the balance between
treatment and car sir well it's easy for
me I'm in recovery
so my drug of choice years ago was
marijuana and sometimes we used to put
cocaine in it and when I tell some of
our participants that I'm an addict they
look at me like I'm crazy I was like the
only difference between me and you is
that I've been clean for 20
years but the addiction is still there
how successful do you feel you've been
our goal is keeping our participants
alive so we have a hundred percent
success rate right now no dust no deaths
our goal is to make sure they're here
the next day tomorrow next week next
year we want to make sure that they
change their life and get the help that
they need
for Jessica Siler help came in the form
of court-mandated rehab and nightly
curfew calls with court staff Hagen is
Jessica she says she never would have
thought treatment on her own I remember
like waking up in the morning and being
like literally like my thought process
was the only way I'm gonna get clean as
if I go to jail because I just know
myself so you were almost hoping that
you'd get arrested I mean kind of like
nobody really hopes to get arrested but
like I just knew that like nothing was
ever going to change unless I do get
arrested so Jessica started using heroin
at 17 she thinks more than 40 of her
friends have died because of the drug
and it's cost her custody of her
daughter I used to shoot up in front of
my daughter and take her on drug meals
with me and at this point we were both
living here in my grandparents house and
um you know I disappeared for a couple
weeks and I just came back one day and
they were just like oh your daughter
doesn't live here anymore
I was like it was like you mean there's
no I don't like what I think I just came
home one day and she like just wasn't
here anymore
like all of my guilt and shame were like
I'm like like all the guilt and shame I
have it's like from like the things I
did
it's an addict to like that little girl
cause like she never asked for like any
of this why is there a different kind of
urgency with the opioid crisis and it's
related criminal justice proceedings and
there has been in previous drug courts
and with different drug related
addiction issues I think we learned a
lot from the 70s and 80s when they just
locked everyone up instead of trying to
get on the treatment because if you lock
people up they still have a drug problem
when they get out the opiate Court is
funded in part by a Department of
Justice grant
approved during the Obama administration
but the program launched under President
Trump campaigned on old-fashioned law
and order and whose Attorney General has
profoundly conservative views on drug
treatment we need to say as Nancy Reagan
said just say no don't do it you know
you have colleagues who think that what
you're doing is crazy
do you worry then that it might mean as
a model that you started isn't able to
spread elsewhere people won't look for
our turn to soar incarceration until it
hits home and this is something that's
hitting a wide section of society the
success of Hannah's court will be judged
by how its graduates do since I met her
Jessica styler has completed the opiate
Court program and will face her criminal
drug charges in early August
there is the drug world and then there's
the real world and I don't know
sometimes it gets to me because I'm like
so good at like living in the drug world
and I don't know how to live in the real
world are you confident you'll be able
to keep up somebody told me once like
never say that you got that because as
soon as you think you got this
that's the exact moment that you don't
got you know the link and I confident
think so I hope so
you
