members of Congress have moved to
strengthen a funding band that targets
abortion across the globe by including
it in a foreign aid bill that they sent
to the House floor this week the measure
would shore up the trump administration
so-called Global gag rule it's a policy
that prohibits American aid dollars from
going to any health organization that
advocates studies or even mentioned the
need for safe abortions the effects are
already being felt in the African nation
of Malawi where advocates say women need
more access to the medical procedure
this song is part of a campaign to
prevent deaths from unsafe abortion
the procedure is illegal in Malawi so
many women go to a local witch doctor or
try to abort at home when these women
come down with infections and bleeding
which happens often they come to the
female ward a district hospital in
Kristen go is the only one serving about
600,000 people
Ultimo tomorrow on average in a day
sometimes we handle on average about 10
women today to abortion accustomed
Sylvester's embezzle nurse at the female
ward of the hospital it specializes in
post abortion care if initially so money
staying disposition personal salvation
but after evacuating they remain the
actually system.object they notice a and
in just one question so what is an
example of an object that you might find
yes sometimes we use best bespoke or
sometimes we really love by six
sometimes they use we help also fun
objects we come with them muscles I'm
afraid was when your discovery of
conducted abortion or aborted the police
knows they can take you get arrested
you're keeping their secret yes we'll
give the sickness
the penalty for having an abortion is
fourteen years in prison but a proposed
bill would decriminalize abortion in
cases of rape and incest fetal anomaly
and mental health Crispin C bond a the
National Director at I pass a nonprofit
that fights for safe abortion worldwide
is leading the charge on the bill
he says Donald Trump just made his job a
lot harder the u.s. actual naga being
shoots impact if you look at the
church's individual at oppose abortion
the same o in veneers proposal
submission now i you should malawi drink
three days into the Trump administration
the President signed a policy that
blocks money to any international group
that so much as mentions abortion
reproductive rights activists call it
the Global gag rule every Republican
president since Ronald Reagan has
enforced the policy but the Trump
administration went much further the
so-called gag rule affects all eight
point eight billion dollars of US global
health care assistance
u.s. never provides funds for abortion
well that is Democrats government the
Republic government they don't provide
funds for abortion services
but during Obama's time you can get mine
on malaria regimen equation of motion it
is sitting there mouth don't tell them
of the motion if you to get this money
but for a country like mine does insured
program but it's like you would do by
the cinnamon to the grill
but the opposition to Malawi's abortion
bill has cheered Trump's support for the
funding ban including these Christian
activists most of the girls that do
abortion are coming from our church's
pastor Nick Chuck where is a leading
opponent of the bill donut Trump spoke
the language of not encouraging
promoting abortion that sort of brought
a tired of confidence and boldness to
some of us may God be with do not trust
because he is promoting what the Bible
promotes many of the groups who stand to
lose US government funds for quote
promoting abortion say they won't back
down that includes the Family Planning
Association of Malawi which runs birth
control clinics across the country this
clinic is 90% funded by USAID funding
the moment the USAID funding pulls out
we are on the verge of causing so it's
birth control it's antibiotics against
sexually transmitted infections HIV
treatment Cheers that all goes away yes
in total we are losing about 1 million
US dollars in a year and we'll be losing
about 70 stars and our services will be
rich but sometimes it's good to stand
for our values in the long way Malawi's
capital alone the bandera estimates that
600,000 women will lose access to birth
control because of the Trump policy
advocates know what's going to happen
next under the Bush era gaghe rural
abortion rates actually rose in
sub-saharan Africa it will definitely
increase the number of criminal portions
that will occur and therefore increasing
the number of patients that we have here
and increasing the maternal mortality so
less money for Family Planning groups if
they choose to advocate for based
abortion equals more unwanted
pregnancies more unplanned pregnancies
more illegal abortions more
- no motility rate more women dying yes
our genome Alina woody revisit bloody I
think everything a bloody of Alabama
Theatre
Sylvester zimba the nurse can barely
keep up with the number of women who are
already having unsafe abortions
he knows it's about to get worse the gag
rule isn't supposed to affect emergency
care table but in May Simba was told
that because of the Trump
administration's policy he was losing
his USAID funding anyway I'll open the
hospital special not only interested in
funding to issues related to abortion so
when you hear the US government say this
is a pro-life policy what's your
reaction it is support that because a
most equation oh my god like a most
equation but now that pro-life approach
is different when a woman comes here was
read aborted and is going through
complication I correctly counted how
many up time so many have died
you
