tonight the persecution of libertarians
and conservatives and Christians is
passive and there will be political
action against it I just couldn't pay
the rent anymore we just ended up
sleeping in the car this is not the
first time born international has been
without water this is actually a third
time
the New York Times published an op-ed
this afternoon from an anonymous senior
official in the Trump administration
claiming there's a secret insider effort
to block the president's worst impulses
Trump responded about how you might
expect so when you tell me about some
anonymous source within the
administration probably who's failing
and probably here for all the wrong
reasons now and the New York Times is
failing the government has concluded
that the two individuals named by the
police and CPS are officers from the
Russian military intelligence service
also known as the GRU British
prosecutors have charged two Russian men
with the attempted murder of a former
Russian spy and his daughter using the
nerve agent Novikov police tracks the
suspects from an airport to the scene in
Salisbury later finding traces of nova
chalk in their london hotel room eleven
countries across latin america have
agreed to accept migrants from venezuela
even if their passports have expired
more than 1.6 million Venezuelans have
fled since 2015 due to skyrocketing
inflation and severe shortages of food
and medicine some Venezuelans say
renewing a passport can take years or
require a bribe as high as five thousand
dollars South Korean k-pop fans are
demanding changes to the country's
mandatory military service which exempts
outstanding athletes in classical and
traditional musicians but not pop
artists its meaning that while South
Korea's men's football team as exempt
thanks to winning goals at the Asian
Games hitting number one on the
Billboard charts won't help BTS Gwyneth
Paltrow's goop brand is paying a hundred
and forty five thousand dollars to
settle a lawsuit accusing the company of
false advertising for claims that
inserting an egg-shaped piece of jade or
rose quartz into a vagina would have
health benefits
today the hallowed marble halls of
Congress turned into an Internet theme
park top officials from two of the
biggest social media platforms Facebook
and Twitter came to town to in theory
answer serious questions in hearings in
the House and Senate but what actually
happened was social media and real life
everyone tried to make their own point
as loudly as possible extremists got the
most attention and there was a lot of
substance in the morning session the
Senate Intelligence Committee hosted
Facebook CEO O Sheryl Sandberg and
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey senators asked
them about their efforts to prevent
foreign actors from manipulating the
American electorate we've been talking
about how I think there's so room for
improvement there I think we can do more
to formalize the process they even had
an Instagram ready moment set up Google
was invited to come to the hearing but
declined so the Senators kept in an
empty seat with Google on it that they
kept addressing over and over first of
all there's an empty chair next to you
from Google they're not here today the
he really didn't get that in-depth
Sandberg and Dorsey nodded acknowledged
the Senators questions but mostly
sounded like corporate leaders whose
words had been lured to the enth degree
required changes won't be fast or easy
today we're committing to the people and
this committee to do that work and do it
openly the Senators got what they wanted
though images of themselves upbraiding
tech big shots and warning them not to
let anyone screw at the upcoming
election
how many copycats will we see before we
take this seriously and find solutions
but most of the day wasn't about
Elections is about conservative
conviction that social media companies
are trying to silence them users of
Facebook call them the company to ban
guys like Alex Jones and the company did
it
denying Jones a platform that he used to
spread his special brand of
misinformation but today Republicans in
Congress gave Jones a new platform
televised congressional hearings and
Jones was ready and the important aryan
trash is about to find out it's not
everybody scared up he had a great time
even getting into a shouting match with
Senator Marco Rubio that went viral on
Facebook
even though Jones can't share it on
Facebook because he's banned wax's Jones
is he did seem to be on to something he
promised the administration is about to
get involved in pressuring social media
to be wary of blocking guys like jokes
just wait two weeks you're right for the
executive orders everything else enjoy
yourself
meanwhile the Department of Justice was
releasing a statement saying the
Attorney General would meet with state
AG's later this month to discuss whether
the quote free exchange of ideas and
quote was being stifled on social media
on the hill members were hammering that
same point that there's a liberal
conspiracy to silence even mainstream
conservatives of course this is great
stuff for the base just nine weeks
before the election the House
Republicans got a chance to make their
case
that case right to Dorsey social media
is being rigged to censor conservatives
is that true of Twitter no there were
some truly bizarre moments like when a
protester with a selfie stick
interrupted the proceedings because Jack
Dorsey is trying to influence and a
congressman lost him to a fake
auctioneer bit to drown her out I yield
back the role of social media and
American democracy is serious stuff
securing elections is serious stuff but
today did not really represent a serious
part of the conversation about any of it
Congress has decided the best it can do
is put the pressure back on the
companies and hopefully get some social
media attention for themselves while
doing it
every day is kind of a little different
I usually get up anywhere between 5:30
and 6:30 on the days that I have work I
drop my daughter off and then I head off
to work and I work a full day on the
days that I go to school you were there
the entire day we do a lot of times go
to a restaurant where there's Wi-Fi
someone can study while we 46 year old
Daniel Williams is a lot like other busy
single moms she takes care of her
daughter and their two dogs all while
working and going to school except that
each night she drives back into Santa
Barbara and goes to bed here in a
parking lot in her minivan this is a
Chrysler Town and Country my seat
actually will go forward and back easy
even with the space that I've given
myself that's not quite enough for my
knees if I want to like sit at the edge
of the bed to be able to them push
myself to the back because there's
there's a bed here this is a bed here oh
wow
I didn't even notice yeah so if you look
in the back oh this from this angle it
makes much more sense yes what about all
this other stuff how did you decide what
to have in the car of these just
necessities so obviously the dirty
clothes hamper so we can keep our dirty
clothes in our clean clothes separate
this is my daughter's bag of clothes
it's about two weeks worth of clothes
that we keep the rest is in storage we
have a 7 by 10 and it's pretty much full
you know we had a life before this
Danyelle downsized from an apartment to
car five years ago after she was laid
off from her full-time job in accounting
she tried to look for other full-time
work but realized there isn't much of a
market for someone in their 40s without
a college degree
I just couldn't pay the rent anymore we
just ended up sleeping in the car
thinking it was only gonna be temporary
during a good month
she's only able to make about $2,000
working temp jobs which doesn't leave
much wiggle room she pays three hundred
and seventy dollars a month to lease her
car 93 for insurance 150 for gas 225 for
two phones 117 for storage 50 to shower
at the YMCA and about 900 dollars in
food since she and her daughter have to
eat out it usually ends up that we maybe
have about a hundred dollars left over
do you consider yourself homeless I do
consider myself homeless the world
considers me a homeless when you think
about homeless people you think about
somebody who's maybe on drugs who is an
alcoholic you know has a lot of mental
health issues or is lazy the rest of
them are people like me where they're
actually working going to school trying
to get out of the life that they're in
and just can't have you considered
living in a shelter we did one night at
the rescue mission that was terrifying
for my daughter and I just felt like I
would rather sleep in my car because I
feel safe in my car then sleep in one of
these places I don't have any other
option
living in a city where sleeping in your
car is technically illegal isn't exactly
comfortable either it means having to
park in dark places with few people
which can be dangerous and risking being
hassled by the police which can be
costly that's why Danielle landed at a
designated safe parking lot it's one of
23 across the city that are open
overnight and equipped with
porta-potties and lot monitors the
program which was started in 2004 was
the first of its kind so you have empty
parking lots which at night go
unutilized
and you take them and you turn them into
a shelter for people who are living in
their vehicles Kristine Schwartz runs
new beginnings the nonprofit that
oversees the safe parking program in
Santa Barbara she manages to caseworkers
who help people living in their car
apply for housing we've had doctors
we've had professors we've had nurses
engineers people who are gainfully
employed who have a situation where they
have a number of setbacks it's unclear
how many people live in their cars by
necessity because the government doesn't
track vehicular homelessness but
Christine estimates that in Santa
Barbara they make up more than a third
of the homeless population how large is
the program right now the safe parking
program now has grown to 134 spaces in
23 lots in the city of Santa Barbara the
city of Goleta and in the unincorporated
areas in between is that enough we
constantly have a waiting list that can
range anywhere from about 30 to more
than a hundred people at any given time
and we never have enough lots there's a
shortage of affordable housing in every
single state in the country but it's
especially bad in California where the
most recent numbers show the gap is
almost twice as large as it is anywhere
else that's made Santa Barbara safe
parking program appealing to other
cities in the state like LA we're 16,000
people now live in their vehicles 32
percent more than just two years ago in
March LA opened the first the four lots
Mollie Reisman who
for the county helped oversee its
implementation for the private real
estate industry there's no profit in
building housing for people at the
lowest end of the spectrum so the only
sector that can really do that
is the government and yet there's this
very strong pushback of like don't let
government do anything in real estate
and that tension has led us to where we
are today is it easy to find parking
lots that are willing to let you use
them you know what has caused the
reluctance so there's a couple different
things I mean anytime you say we're
gonna do something to assist somebody
experiencing homelessness we do find
that there are community concerns
there's NIMBYism not in my backyard and
we have to work with the community to
help them overcome that there's always
concerns about liability if there's an
accident who's gonna get sued what does
it say about where we are that a program
likes a parking where instead of giving
someone an affordable place to live in
we're giving them a parking lot no I
mean it is not a great state of affairs
but we have so many people experiencing
homelessness that we're dramatically
trying to increase shelters but we can't
do it fast enough so safe parking is
this alternative LA's new safe parking
lots opened just in time for Danielle
who was recently accepted to college
there on a scholarship last month she
and her daughter drove down to LA for
orientation and got a permit for a
parking spot in North Hollywood I'm
hoping that you know maybe something
will happen and I and we'll be able to
get a place to live here but I know that
as long as I'm in school I can't afford
the rent that's in any city here in
California at any point have you
questioned whether you made the right
decision to go to school instead of
working two jobs and trying to make it
work all the time
I need to find a solution that's gonna
make things better for us in the long
term do I regret it sometime sure you
know but at the same time I know this is
the right thing to do
it's the first week of a new school year
for public school students in Detroit
outside the temperature is hitting 90
but inside water fountains are shut off
superintendent Nikolai Bedi opted to
turn off drinking water in a hundred and
six public schools after tests at some
showed high levels of copper and letter
I have five children out of ten Bern
International Academy this is not the
first time but International has been
without water this is actually the third
time all right
they cool today the first time which was
approximately three years ago that was
due to a water main break close to the
school ladies and gentlemen y'all ready
the second time it happened it was like
ah not again you know there was
definitely frustration you know from I
think kids and parents you know when is
it gonna be resolved what's the problem
fix it already third time I would say is
a lot easier to take because it's now
ingrained in our culture did you guys go
outside yesterday in the heat there's a
gamut of reactions you've got parents
who were threatening to take the
children out of the district and go to
another school district and then you
have parents who are like you know what
they averted a disaster they averted a
crisis in that they saw that these
levels of metals were elevated in our
water and rather than wait for some kind
of
backlash we're just going to make sure
everybody's safe
the superintendent sent this letter home
yes sir it was first day of school sent
this letter home to all the families
just reiterating the shutdown of the
water and all the schools letting us
know you know important for the safety
of the kids the alternative is to come
up with the money to truly fix this
problem long term know if you are a
student in this district you do have to
deal with classrooms whose climates are
not regulated see the too hot or too
cold
mice running up and down the classroom
zone and these are the things that
nobody wants to talk about but if you
are a parent that is paying attention
this is what was really you know going
on at some of the schools and the water
being shut off it's like okay here's
something else this isn't just the
school this is everybody in this
particular city being a thank you we
can't see any more of those letters
explaining yet again the fauces will be
turned off because of elevated levels we
know thank you now let's get on to the
business of fixing it permanently keep
cool have a good day okay hello Natalie
one of the consequences of placing
thousands of immigrant children in
federal shelters across the country is
that you have to figure out how to
provide an education for them courts
have ruled that the Fourteenth
Amendments Equal Protection Clause means
states have to provide public education
to all kids even undocumented ones
but in one part of Texas the question of
who should pay for that education is
turning into a fight in the small
district of San Benito there are four
hundred and eighty children held at two
shelter facilities run by Southwest Key
the most prominent shelter network
working with the Federal Office of
refugee resettlement Southwest Key has
been at the center of controversies
around the Trump administration's
zero-tolerance policy and the detention
of children separated from their parents
the plan was for the kids in these two
shelters to take classes from 18
teachers working with the local San
Benito School District an agreement
between Southwest Key and the district
assumed that the states Texas Education
Agency would provide the funding a total
of 2.8 million dollars after all they
had paid for the education of migrant
children in neighboring Harlingen Texas
the assumptions of the state would fund
this partnership to put on Friday in a
statement Texas argued that the state
law requires funding to come from
sources such as tuition not from state
funds but of course detained kids can't
pay tuition
in the meantime Southwest Key says it
can provide the basic education required
by the agreements with the federal
government but it acknowledges public
schools have better resources it is
disappointing it is disappointing that
the State Department of Education
specifically the Texas Education Agency
has taken a position of hands-off we're
not going to allow our resources our
school districts our charter schools to
help these young people as they're as
they're transitioning in our country
it's not clear if this disagreement is
about money laws or ideology the Texas
Education Agency directed vice news to
its friday statement superintendent Nate
Carmen of the San Benito school district
says the Texas Education Agency hasn't
responded to his requests for
personalized explanation either I don't
want to - guess what might be driving it
it could simply be a a funding issue and
people leave the federal government has
that responsibility of course there is
gentlemen are internation that we're
aware of the beliefs they're these
students deserve in the Middle East
almost anything can be political even
the mail after holding packages and
letters destined for people in Gaza and
the West Bank for the last eight years
Israel late last month released ten and
a half tons of it undaunted at this
sorting facility in Jericho
Charlotte even if young as I held still
fought for Jimmy I mean Jimmy Hoffa
Abdul Rauf Shaka is a mail sorter he
worked at this Palestine Post hub for
nine years Israel controls everything
that goes in and out of the occupied
Palestinian territories
ten years ago it pledged to let
deliveries go through Jordan instead but
never followed through
so since 2010 packages labeled Israel
went through Israeli customs and were
delivered but those able Palestine
gather dust in a holding facility in
Jordan Palestine Jana is a mullah
binding for a stream which leads me any
character off with all the Palestine
fish and him valid ID for the air
Ramadan kazowie
manages this branch he's worked for the
Postal Service since 1985 if I'm drinkin
for you you know and even is really a
lot of our shoes ones are very deep and
hidden hey de filma door and no election
media tip second month Azam we may well
yanan Mahatma let me charging give me no
Sofia residents have come to him looking
for answers about their mail since 2010
but Israel has never explained to
Ramadan why for years the mail didn't
arrive and then showed up all at once to
be disbursed Akhtar conceived in a flash
they were hurt ksama net and now a
general strike in LA and no maybe he/she
an original timely issue
total acquittal mob are good morale
except a B&E tegmentum has been in
homeroom subtly another coalition random
mahmoud al Faris is a dentist in
Ramallah for more than a year he his
wife and three daughters have been
waiting for deliveries he visited
ramela's branch every month hoping the
packages had arrived
one day they finally did ana Montes
maconel Kamiya had the any kimitaka a
note about our day Hakuna Matata and our
packaging can act Ehrman this Shara
Australia Russia through Danny ethnic
Philistine II in Africa in a confit in
every rockin buried the first canopy
will market normal saline which bus
allah allahu dhu mustafa guerrilla Bardo
and in buried who runs Monroe most
mystical elegir who removes it down
shaken Horner lavage our ship ship
mayo lettuce Baja coverlet telephone I
only had a relationship off forever
Israel didn't answer vice needs
questions about why held on to so much
mail for so many years but it did say
that the release was a one-time goodwill
gesture and that it's in the advanced
stages of working out the larger problem
Lester he radically young and I'm chef
in North Anna Lisa Bob McNally really
know what he know I'm an accurate
massage Schaible Philistine the challah
the be shakers hot rod outlet Israel
you
you
