my name is Lewis Miller I am a floral
event designer here and then Hatton's
flowers are the ultimate luxury because
they're so expensive and they're
perishable so it's really only the very
wealthy that to get to experience them
firsthand as opposed to just seeing them
in a magazine or seeing them on
somebody's Instagram feed we came up
with these flower flashes basically
which are street art installations made
of flowers it's sort of evolved over the
last year the first one we did was the
imagine medallion in Central Park we had
this mass of flowers it still were
perfectly fine and decided now's the
time to do it in the next morning we got
the truck and did it
okay here we go we're headed up to
Harlem for our earliest flower flash
that we've done in a while so these are
all left over from this big fancy event
we did last week I'm going to give
myself about 15 minutes for the bus stop
bursting at the seams it's been a lot of
fun because there's also this element of
danger quickness like it happens very
fast and spontaneity about it that to me
is very exhilarating move the whole
thing to the left a little bit so this
looks great
okay stop in these flower flashes they
just really just happen and in and out
and then whatever happens to it after
that it's still part of the art whoo but
there needs to be that element of
tension and that's when am i off we go
all right yeah
dives at the blast
very nice I love it
that one minutes home across the street
like hopefully plays like that that
juxtaposition of something that's so
beautiful and romantic and fresh and
alive versus grit and the grime and the
graffiti and the street art in the noise
that is a city I love
you
