tonight Republican kryptonite this has
been a very very challenging experience
for all of us
Gaza is the most dangerous game and life
in a conservative get out
I think the liberal experiment is
California it is the canary in the coal
mine for the rest of the country about
what not to become the White House has
confirmed that President Trump had a
second undisclosed conversation with
Russian President Vladimir Putin during
the g20 summit Putin's translator was
present the Trump wasn't accompanied by
any staff during the talks the White
House says it was a brief conversation
at the end of the dinner the June 2016
meeting at Trump Tower had an eighth
member I cavil as a a us-based employee
of a Russian real estate company he was
sent as a representative by Russian
businessmen Arafah Galera who helped
arrange the meeting with Donald Trump
jr. the president's son admitted that he
attended based on promises of receiving
damaging information about Hillary
Clinton Palestinians who refused to pass
through new checkpoints and metal
detectors installed al-aqsa mosque in
Jerusalem opted to pray outside in
protest the security measures were put
in place by Israel following a Friday
shootout near the mosque that left two
Israeli policemen and three Arab Israeli
gunmen dead some feared the heightened
security could have set the delicate
balance in an area that's home to sacred
sites for both Muslims and Jews hundreds
of delivery drivers protested in London
today demanding a stronger government
responds to a wave of recent acid
attacks last week five drivers on mopeds
were hit with acid in the span of 90
minutes at least two of the victims were
delivery drivers police have charged a
16 year old for allegedly carrying out
the attacks
Saudi Arabian officials have arrested a
woman who appeared in a video posted
online wearing a miniskirt and crop top
in public
Saudi conservatives say she flagrantly
violated the kingdom's strict dress code
for women but online commenters called
her braids and noted that Melania and
Ivanka Trump recently appeared in public
in the country without abayas American
people have said loudly and clearly
stopped scrap this bill and start over I
suggest that we pull Obamacare out by
the roots the greatest threat to
Medicare is Obamacare and we're going to
stop it off it and we will repeal every
along and I think you'll see Republicans
come forward with a plan to replace
Obamacare we have to repeal Obamacare
and it could be replaced with something
much better for everybody we will move
right after the first of the year on an
Obamacare replacement may not be as
quick as we had hoped but it's going to
happen
yay so understandably Democrats and
progressives are enjoying their
delicious schadenfreude over the demise
of the Republican health care plan but
they may only get a brief moment or two
before health care becomes their problem
again I'm not going to own it I can send
you the Republicans are not going to own
it will let Obamacare fail and then the
Democrats are going to come to us and
they're going to say how do we fix it
how do we fix it Republicans ran against
Obamacare very effectively for years but
then they had no plan to fix it and so
they face-planted once they actually had
the chance to do something it's pretty
clear that they are not 50 Republican
Democrats have been United so far and
their opposition to Republican efforts
and they're going to make every
Republican they possibly can answer for
those efforts in 2018 but the Democrats
have a plan
Kirt traders a moderate Democrat from
Oregon not the expensive coffee ironic
facial hair part of Oregon but the swing
district an ironic facial hair part of
Oregon
he says he has a plan he drafted it with
some other moderate Democrats and he
thinks that some Republicans might sign
on to it too I asked him about his plan
and I also asked him who he thinks the
public will blame if the health care
system falls apart
the president says Democrats own it cuz
Democrats passed it is that true let's
see they control the presidency the
Senate and House of Representatives I
say that's a pretty crummy government
that you voted for if you can't get
anything across the finish line I think
you know Democrats were not perfect
we've got our own flaws I get that but
we actually get stuff done we actually
care about people I think this next
election buys Republican I'd be pretty
worried I mean anything anything that
like is a good sort of quick summary of
your plan now the the goal of the
solutions not problems plan is to
stabilize and improve the individual
marketplace that's really and it means
making sure the premiums come down means
the deductibles come down to something
that is actually affordable to people
that don't have a job or darn on
Medicare or on on Medicaid and in order
to get your Republican colleagues to buy
onto something like this they have to
believe they are going to own what
happens next but they've got nothing to
talk about when they go back home I
think it's horrible for those guys
Democrats and we go back home in this
August I'm going to be talking about
though we're going to fix the individual
marketplace we're going to make sure the
Medicaid stays in place a huge
successful program across the country
and I think that's a winning message for
for Democrats and frankly for the
American people
in Texas this morning state legislators
kicked off a 30 day special session
called by Republican governor Greg
Abbott he's pressing them to pass a new
conservative agenda including an anti
trans bathroom bill and restrictions on
abortion funding if that effort is
successful Texas will become even more
read in a polarizing new real estate
venture is banking on just that their
target clients want to live in a
politically homogenous conservative
utopia and they're willing to move
across the country to find it Nigel
dwara
has more from North Texas so you kind of
see that like the stone and brick facade
there are the nice features that's
pretty common in fact you won't see a
house in North Texas
that's not brick we notice that yeah
Tamir barking and his wife Sarah grew up
about 30 miles north of LA but they
don't want to live there any wait time I
mean you're the barkins are looking at
homes in McKinney a small city north of
Dallas that's recently seen the
construction boom
we want to be able to rely on a single
income so Sarah could stay home and
raise the kids but they're also fed up
as conservatives they're tired of being
surrounded by liberals I guess we align
with the political beliefs of everything
conservative the gun laws or key taxes
abortion I mean it's and that's not the
way California aligned and so it's hard
for us like when we read the news and
everything it's like a it's kind of
disheartening I do not promise all yards
to be this big that's where Derek Baker
comes in yeah and he's a lead realtor
with a new company called conservative
clue which is grounded in one simple
idea like you're conservative than
living in a conservative area means a
happier and safer life they can actually
you know live out the American Dream buy
a home and is that part of your pitch
that could tell them to come come
experience the American dream
it is absolutely I mean and we say this
does not make believe I'm living it I
have a 5 bedroom 4 bath on a third of an
acre
I bought it six months ago for less than
$400,000 that's a million dollar house
and most places in California Baker's a
native Texan he returned to his home
state in 2011 after 25 years on Capitol
Hill at a staffer for a number of
Republican politicians and he isn't just
looking to help Republicans buy houses
he wants to make sure it's Republicans
who were selling them to will help any
client but when we want to have a real
estate agent on our team we want them to
be able to talk our language are they
conservative do they espouse the same
beliefs generally beliefs that we do the
idea of a for us by us Realty Company
came from founder Paul Chabot who met
maker in Washington conservativeness
can't solve everything but it is an
ideology and a belief for a better way
and a healthier way of living for a
community coming out of college as a
sheriff's deputy Chabot began a nomadic
career in the White House working
intelligence in Iraq then home to
California where he twice ran for office
on an anti-drug message that highlighted
his career in law enforcement
as holding one another accountable
there's no limit to what we can
accomplish
he moved his wife and four young
children to McKinney in January after
losing for a second time when we lost
that election this last go-around it was
a wake-up call I mean we realized that
you can't help people who don't want to
help themselves so for us it just made
sense to leave we feel like we're on
vacation every day Shabo says the state
streets and top-notch schools drew them
to McKinney it's safe enough to leave
the keys in your golf cart there's no
graffiti no trash and definitely no loud
music he told us he wished he moved here
earlier and that he hadn't wasted so
much time trying to fix a broken system
I think the liberal experiment is
California it is the canary in a coal
mine for the rest of the country about
what not to become those who no longer
recognize their home states are
interested in shippo's plan she's
working to close his first few deals and
has already recruited realtors in other
conservative states since launching the
company in May he says more than a
thousand perspective clients have called
and written in Devon's Massachusetts the
gentleman writes us I'd like to own but
renting is just fine with me I can move
on October I'm a veteran and live in a
liberal hellhole your fritz that writes
I've been a conservative Republican
registered voter for decades in New York
and cannot stay on the liberal politics
political self segregation has become
increasingly common in the u.s. more
than half of Americans live in a County
that's overwhelmingly democratic or
overwhelmingly Republican and Chabot
thinks most people like it that way look
I work for both Clinton and Bush in the
White House I believe back then
Republicans and Democrats could get
along have a conversation today we just
don't even recognize each other
Collin County is a Republican stronghold
but is changing it went to Romney in
2012 and by a smaller margin to Trump
last year George fuller is McKinney's
mayor he's a longtime real estate
developer and something of a local rock
star are you moonlighting as the mayor
or you moonlighting as a guitar store
owner and I'm all-in as the as the mayor
Fuller is a Republican but he says he
doesn't agree with shahboz vision he
says McKinney isn't Pleasantville and
it's better that way as a mayor of this
community that has seen both
conservative and liberal constituents
where the power of them coming together
is by far greater than any party
individually so really the message for
the mayor in this case is just to sort
of open your arms wide as possible open
your arms wide as possible let's forget
about what party a trend let's talk
about this as a community and I think if
we did that on a on a grander level on
the state level on a federal level we'd
be a better maybe a better country as
well
Chabot sees it differently he says his
company encourages people to confront to
divide that already exists and to choose
a side what do you tell your friends in
California if they want to move out here
I tell them it's a lot of like being in
a bad relationship that California is
that bad relationship and you might not
realize how truly bad it is until you're
out of it there's a better life a better
way to live and that's out here or many
other red states and
in the ten years since Israel filled its
borders with the Hamas run Gaza Strip
human intelligence has been crucial to
its security operation in Gaza
collaborating with Israel is an
unforgivable betrayal and extremely
dangerous
in May three men were executed by
commands for assisting Israel in the
assassination of military chiefs
Madisonville hot cocoa hot was shot at
point-blank range with a gun fitted with
a silencer previously Israel has
assassinated senior militants in Gaza
from the air but this was a brazen
killing in the heart of the city Hamas
blamed Israel and its collaborators
kiowa alwa surah Le Loi Bob Tunis Nemean
surah anaam oh hi oh well surah
al-ma'idah hard
naveen fell in love with her husband
abdullah Yasha online but she lived in
the West Bank and he lived in Gaza
it was ten years before they were able
to meet her for Allah horn
I believe my nerves are open air dan
Bienvenue Lilith Lilith
Danny Danny almost over Carlos do me do
me do you think he as I gave any
information to Israel yeah
Abdullah was one of three men executed
by her man but AHA's death his
brothers believe Hamas executed the
wrong man after torturing a confession
out of him how was he the last time you
saw him
we have done one motion response
venom shagged Archie she was good in the
back in icky anonymous moon one a motive
why do you think they executed him
tomorrow mrs. McCann by Mamoru Miyano he
injured whingers ability meet a lotta
heart lead here can actually I moved in
a slightly reduced mass confession video
Abdullah says he collaborated with
Israel said they'd let him travel to see
in vain what my wife does not my
engaged in litter-free is American
Amanda hopefully answer Ryan said that
when L mcgill-toolen and ammonia develop
Abbas of the animals well let's let the
world - Torelli Palestinians can only
travel between Gaza and the West Bank
with Israeli permission in the process
of trying to leave Gaza many say they'd
been approached by Israeli intelligence
officers offering permits get health
care or see their family in return for
information collaborators are a major
security problem for Hamas but while
Israel had control of Gaza borders and
the movement of its people Hamas only
has deterrence to offer had the illness
here gentlemen Almaty Philip in a short
on Phyllis Linea Fiat caparzo
I understand this is where Abdullah
Nichelle was executed una camioneta
later a woman Birmingham Berlin de I'm
not sure how many people are being held
across the Gaza Strip on charges related
to collaboration okapi el marrón fokaha
attempt and feed the hamlet near attack
on a shillelagh comes our brain Amelia
still an invalid a night on audit panel
problem
Sicilian mobile OS one ladder del Monte
Almaty mal still Ellis relief in Muslims
lost another challenge attended then how
can
Hamas authorities fight Palestinians who
are being told they won't be able to get
health care unless they give information
to Israel haka festival semana en wha da
du Bois d'Arc ll lacunae kebab bataki
man you spoke at Aqaba why a man who the
hot allah allah sobhan wa min Abner
levena is a boon F a trouble - carry me
across Gaza City and Hamas interrogation
facility we met Mathmos who is four and
a half years into an eight-year sentence
a collaboration our meeting was observed
by several Hamas security officials how
was it that you were approached by
Israel initially the widget desolace
raise the ISO productivity asana wot da
da tempter Hillel Apophis turn the
powerful mama family and their subtlest
boss a certain model Muhammad also knows
about Mahabharat thus early in Normandy
pizzeria in aljalja fajitas were already
oh I'm not sorry during their leftovers
ahem when you're talking to your family
what are you able to tell them about
your life here balloon animals in all of
the event know Jionni she busy surely
the good numbers how much cannabis even
even your wife your wife must know why
you're here
Lala the rod modulus he and I have also
the certain national dominance a demon
is a for altitude similar to missionary
in a successful and emotional because of
the threat posed by militants in Gaza to
Israeli security there is more
electronic satellite and cyber
surveillance of those 140 square miles
than almost any other part of the world
Reuben Berger is now retired for ten
years he ran collaborated in Gaza the
Israeli military what makes a good
Informer lay informal talk so hard
coding colleague issued in so handsome
era como que la nube tokoha Masao Kume
CIL it's uber Mathilde we Hold'em large
pure alimentive operative iam how to
strike
to the target below leaf or thermometry
but the beam at the version each city
fleet km - yellow mania LS Aiea a mania
a whole big Varna caption a Sahin who
short belphemon affiliates Aeromotive
archaic result in Palestine is
considered the most Shane walk in
Palestine I don't know this name that is
word really what Palestine in Gaza in
Gaza to inform to Israel is extremely
shameful so what motivates people to do
it cherishing believes telepsychology
Shobana Shimbun inlets mamita coverage
Dalai Lama you say marshal
even you said July negative iike on
Sehun archaeal of Cola hi gam jet of
teacher ma feel calm less a peck at a
Salaam she married at Adam Mohammed
Vanessa for him hero in LED shoe market
ratio knowledge Shabaab inertia bobbin
Adamas appellate small Lama Lama her
shoe my shoe se llama aluminum a clot
small both on the horn at the often
Shabo who said mercilessly the reality
is if these people get caught they'll be
executed
enough law simple or jihad Ave jihad in
Kuwait Pecola the efficacy net Kalama
Mozilla Nevada
let's re and Pogue in banishing copy me
Tasha
commercial Shah aalam jutsu like this
one mode both elites Hamas told me that
there are actually very few informants
Israel and Gaza maybe 10 annex America
thought you were shocked about the Hamas
the middle cocksure muchacha Lemaitre on
an ATM a deep sea of solutions of names
alien vessel alba Schwartzel in the
shallow a judiciary may ask as long as
the conflict continues as long as israel
recruits palestinian collaborators and
Hamas try to eliminate them there will
be stories like Naveen and Abdullah's
what is your opinion of the people in
Palestine
particular angada who do provide
information to Israel for whatever
reason and see Balad must allow
Hezbollah Delmas italiani no inta pata
ado wok malumat s-salatu kabir kabir
Gandhi who had a mob determine manhood
minionese raha Tamil malleus Woodman
Abdul Kalam Azad endo lassie haya ala
Fieri c-elysee a woman came in females
Minami Sabra me a clue were you able to
speak to him at about the pluribus allah
subhanho an ischemic what did he say to
you in that last phone call ma tightly
so what is our leash seonyeong salamat
Angela Mathura de basura mililani kitab
liya
o hamdullah mailed illegally armed bus
the National Archives is planning to let
the CIA destroy millions of files
documenting how the agency has handled
leaks it's part of a routine process for
sorting and deleting records that have
passed their expiration date but we
don't have any idea what exactly is in
the CIA files so we don't know what's
being destroyed and sometimes the
agency's destruction of files has
resulted in crucial evidence being lost
to history
just last month for example a State
Department report revealed formerly
classified cables showing that the CIA
almost called off the 1953 coup in Iran
a move that would have changed the
course of the modern Middle East but the
report also acknowledged that a number
of related files had been destroyed back
in the 1960s in a process approved at
the time by the National Archives
watchdogs say this proves that the
archive system isn't foolproof they also
point to the CIA's long track record of
deleting evidence of programs like LSD
testing and enhanced interrogation the
agency says the leak related documents
its planning to get rid of this time
around are either worthless or available
elsewhere
Stephen Aftergood says 90% of paperwork
generated by the government is of no
research value the federal government
generates mountain ranges of data and
the National Archives can't preserve
everything it's like a road map of one
to one scale you know just it's
overwhelming so what they try to do is
identify material of enduring historical
value and preserve that but if you try
to preserve everything that you generate
this is cool I wonder if Jack and Diane
ever made after the Trump and that
guitars I'm thinking was the best they
could do good enough or there's our
Heartland to swallow Emma who's this of
the minion this is not a beer I'll take
an Old Dominion please country's just
gotten weird you know but it's getting
our people that are turning around it's
like if if the CEOs at Applebee's
started a band
all right yeah pretty voice is this
Japanese breakfast I like first heard I
was thinking drugs are good it just it's
just very sort of floating and pretty
and her voices is a good voice joke
you're good cool washed out right yeah
yeah yeah
mind me a nineties Pet Shop Boys yeah I
had that vibe to it just it reminded me
of sort of riding on a school bus it's a
good thing I wanted to do thanks boy
dude
where ever do something very familiar
stuff is that the man as Chuck Berry
yeah it's crazy
to be able to use that format and still
he still had he still brought something
to it I had heard before when I was 18
years old
mm-me my friend Ted saw Chuck Berry in
Las Vegas he invited us on stage to sing
with him until I put my arm around him
he worked in the lyrics hey we don't
play in other words get your
hand off me type of thing I was just
kind of like Nietzsche and the last
that's the first in last time I ever did
anything like that to anybody again
learned my lesson
that's by 6:00 tonight for Tuesday July
