in the ten years since Israel sealed its
borders with the Hamas from Gaza Strip
human intelligence has been crucial to
its security operation in Gaza
collaborating with Israel is an
unforgivable betrayal and extremely
dangerous in May
three men were executed by Hamas for
assisting Israel in the assassination of
military chief Mazen fokaha volca ha was
shot at point-blank range with a gun
fitted with a silencer previously Israel
has assassinated senior militants in
Gaza from the air but this was a brazen
killing in the heart of the city
Hamas blamed Israel and its
collaborators
hi I'm well a while surah al-anam Abad
to listen in eonni so I know yeah hey a
wall surah Alma is a hard
naveen fell in love with her husband at
Dylan Asha online but she lived in the
West Bank and he lived in Gaza it was 10
years before they were able to meet how
you saw Ellie horn I believe I will my
nerves or her Camille air there may be
on Belen Leila Leila Danny Danny almost
over Allah's Lumira demo do you think he
ever gave any information to Israel
Abdullah was one of three men executed
by Hamas for folk AHA's death his
brothers believe Hamas executed the
wrong man after torturing a confession
out of him
how was he the last time you saw him
miss Abdullah motionless on denim she
hugged Iraqis she was good in the back
in icky anonymous room
why no motive why do you think they
executed him in a slightly produced
Hamas confession video Abdullah says he
collaborated with Israel so that let him
travel to see naveen rustle of marijuana
McClinton get the military SMS
organically Hanuman hopefully answer or
I am sad Ocwen hellish Celtic Linda come
on you heard a lot about the analyst
left about mr. Ali Palestinians can only
travel between Gaza and the West Bank
with Israeli permission in the process
of trying to leave Gaza many say they've
been approached by Israeli intelligence
officers offering permits to get health
care or see their family in return for
information collaborators are a major
security problem for Hamas but while
Israel has control of Gaza's borders and
the movement of its people Hamas only
has deterrence to offer heavy lilamon
easily adapt in a short on philosopher
Nia
Fiat Katara's that I understand this is
where Abdullah nasha was executed una
can familiar them Rockefeller third
woman Burmingham Abdul Allah and
Musharraf how many people are being held
across the Gaza Strip on charges related
to collaboration IPL medicine for paja
attempt and fever Hamlet I'm Nia tequila
comes our bringin emile valladon I've
been added Khalil publi home physician
move who asked one L added Elmo's would
tell Israel if you stop trusting other
college it then did then how can the
Hamas authorities fight Palestinians who
are being told they won't be able to get
health care unless they give information
to
as I said a few stamina be a no hado
what ll lacunae kebab bataki man yes but
you are a table or home a man mubahala
alert data bar wa min Abner and levena
is Capone a fat rubber metal Israeli a
cross-browser City and Hamas
interrogation facility we met math nerd
who is four and a half years into an
eight year sentence for collaboration
our meeting was observed by several
Hamas security officials how was it that
you were approached by Israel initially
yeah so a G del Israel gadget retract it
is asana wat da da Tom turkey leg avatar
was a tomato Salma maja me in a certain
hotel Mohammed also knows about
Mahabharat the her lip in normality
Syria in our journalist Rahila Zulu lady
oh I'm not worried during the other
photo has the hand when you're talking
to your family what are you able to tell
them about your life here you know all
the years they had no she a name she
because he showed me was how much
cannabis even even your wife your wife
must know why you're here
learn the roadmap Jerry yeah I have also
said in Essen no after a Brahmin and
masajid mineral is a protective gelato
in a physical and emotional because of
the threat posed by militants in Gaza to
Israeli security there is more
electronic satellite in cyber
surveillance of this 140 square miles
than almost any other part of the world
Reuben burka is now retired but for 10
years he ran collaborators in Gaza for
the Israeli military what makes a good
Informer lay informal talk jihad
couldn't Kornegay shoot incidents a
merit come on Karen Roberto Hamas a on
Loomis PL it super Mathilde who a whole
damn large pure alimentive operative him
how to strike to the target the lonely
for their mama seen but the dim the
Varsha needs ethically it km the
yellow mania LSA yeah ammonia Holyoke
mikvah knockoffs in a Sahib
ohoo short well for me morphologically
occult in Palestine is considered the
most Shayne Ward in Palestine I don't
know this name that is word really what
Palestine in Gaza in Gaza to inform to
Israel is extremely shameful so what
motivates people to do it
Hashim Bonavista little psychology
Shabana Shimbun English mom at a cover
story LeMond you say Marshall Aaron you
said July negative the Shoei cajon Sehun
RTL of Cola high gum set of kitchen of
LLL come less a peck at a Salam
Shambo read it Adam Muhammad the missile
him hello him l is a shoe market that's
your knowledge Shabaab inertia Bob in
the dumbest appellate small Lama Lama
the shoe my shoe Oh c'est L'Amour
aluminum a klutz more both on the horn
at the often Shabo who said Marshall
said the reality is if these people get
caught they'll be executed another law
simple not Shahada a jihad in Coweta
kala the efficacy rate column omits in
Reynaldo let sorry and Pogue in
banishing a prima facie
commercial shah aahana to leg mr. Ahmad
boat elites Hamas told me that there are
actually very few informers for Israel
and Gaza maybe tens a nice America
thought you were chic about to be Hamas
the middle cocksure muchacha you miss
ruyan a native Medici of solutions of
name is eileen battle are bush war
chilean the sharia judiciary art as long
as the conflict continues as long as
israel recruits palestinian
collaborators and hamas tries to
eliminate them there will be stories
like Naveen and Abdullah's what is your
opinion of the people in Palestine
particularly in Gaza who do provide
information for Israel for whatever
reason at Balad Marta Louella dellamorta
Leonean
I thought I do work malumat it's a lotta
kabir be returning who had determined
Mallya who Minister hetalia hold me no
totally mojo the end Oh laughs II hire
well a fear issue well a fee a woman can
even as mohammed abrini a clue
were you able to speak to him Butler
reflects on a hollow I knew he might
What did he say to you in that last
phone call I'm a tight leash
what is a leash Johnny Allen salamat
anzala Metro de bazan Amidala Anika
table here o hamdulillah cool erm bus
you
