it's the first week of a new school year
for public school students in Detroit
outside the temperature is hitting 90
but inside water fountains are shut off
superintendent Nikolai Bedi opted to
turn off drinking water in 106 public
schools after tests at some showed high
levels of copper and LED I have five
children out of 10 Bern International
Academy this is not the first time Bern
International has been without water
this is actually the third time all
right
they cool today the first time which was
approximately three years ago that was
due to a water main break close to the
school zone gentlemen y'all ready the
second time it happened it was like ah
not again you know there was definitely
frustration you know from I think kids
and parents you know when is it gonna be
resolved what's the problem fix it
already third time I would say is a lot
easier to take because it's now
ingrained in our culture did you guys go
outside yesterday in the heat there's a
gamut of reactions you've got parents
who were threatening to take the
children out of the district and go to
another school district and then you
have parents who are like you know what
they averted a disaster they averted a
crisis in that they saw that these
levels of metals were elevated in our
water and rather than wait for some kind
of
backlash we're just going to make sure
everybody's safe
the superintendent sent this letter home
yes sir it was first day of school sent
this letter home to all families just
reiterating the shutdown of the water
and all the schools letting us know you
know important for the safety of the
kids the alternative is to come up with
the money to truly fix this problem long
term if you are a student in this
district you do have to deal with
classrooms whose climates are not
regulated feeling too hot or too cold
mice running up and down the classrooms
and these are the things that nobody
wants to talk about but if you are a
parent that is paying attention this is
what was really you know going on at
some of the schools and the water being
shut off it's like okay here's something
else this isn't just the school this is
everybody in this particular City being
effective we can't see any more of those
letters explaining yet again the fauces
will be turned off because of elevated
levels we know this thank you now let's
get on to the business of fixing it
permanently keep cool have a good day
okay hello
you
