beautiful morning sister hey don't
 talk - I love it - sorry hiding
in the little hours an indie comedy
released this month foul-mouthed
nymphomaniac nuns run wild in a modern
take on medieval times the film is based
on a story from the de Cameron a 14th
century Italian classic about young
people who hole up in a villa to avoid
the bubonic plague director Jeff Baena
and star Aubrey Plaza can explain well I
just found that you job here that page
or for college and it says Masetto of
Lemper Akio pretends to be dumb and
becomes a gardener at a convent where
all the nuns vie with one another to
take him off to bed with them that's
pretty much it
in front of mine Joe Swanberg who's also
the director was crashing on my place
and we're just kinda getting up
and we watch dog TV which ostensibly is
for dogs but around 11 o'clock it gets
really trippy it's definitely not for
dogs dot point it's just like weird like
bubbles
it just gets like really really
psychedelic and trippy so we're just
watching that and you're talking about
this movie he was working on and somehow
it came up that I'd studied with the
Cameron and I guess sexual transgression
in the Middle Ages and he got really
like pumped up about that and was like
dude you gotta make this movie
so um the next day I called my producer
and I told her hey like I know you know
this coming on nowhere but there's this
idea that I had and it would just take
place in the Middle Ages and she freaked
out because one of my investors she's
from Tuscany she's been asking this
investor group for like four years to
shoot in medieval villages she had
access to in Italy and everyone thought
she was a crazy person so when I brought
up the idea of shooting this medieval
movie it just like fit perfectly so
within a month of having this basic idea
I was out in Tuscany looking at all
these locations and scouting and then
within six months we were shooting the
movie I knew about the idea really
really
early on obviously because we lived
together I grew up Catholic and I went
to an all-girls private Catholic school
when I was going back and kind of
researching prayers and prayer services
and stuff like that it I was kind of
blown away by how much I remembered the
elements that I kind of incorporated
that I think sort of I guess worked
definitely inspired by cooperatives in
real life my passion to donkey rushes
superwash the donkeys so what Jeff wrote
and what the cast received was a very
just very detailed very descriptive but
there was no dialogue
written so everything was improvised as
you can see there's really not much
dialogue it's just sort of this happens
this happens this happens what happens
what happens that's what we all rest so
what we generally do is take three or
four takes and sort of flying the team
when you're shooting a movie like a
studio comedy with like Judd Apatow or
you know one of the big kind of you know
studio comedies that happen nowadays
does a really different kind of improv
it was less about finding humor
sometimes it was just about to finding a
tone that existed somewhere in between
comedy and drama usually where there's
funny moments but there's also real
moments could you just smile you I don't
know why is he smiling who is that I
don't know Genda stop he's it it's
Ritter I don't know the he is
let me get mother Maria fine go you know
a lot of times comedic improvisation is
literally just people going on riffs and
this was us trying to find something a
little more cohesive
you
