looking at a plant that you've never
grown before there's no real way to know
how much THC is gonna be in it many
farms all they're shootin for is how
high a THC number I can get which leads
us into the situation with labs padding
numbers and actually we've been
approached by labs that are a little bit
more unscrupulous than others saying hey
this tested at 14% but we can fix that
if you like throw us a little extra cash
wolf we'll fix it
testing for potency and purity is
becoming the norm in states with legal
weed but there are concerns within the
industry about corruption between
growers and the labs that test their
products so you basically went from
busting pot growers and dealers to being
one yourself correct yeah in 2012
Griffen lot left his job as a sheriff's
deputy in Texas he now works as a grower
in Washington State's booming legal
cannabis industry
but even after switching teams he's
still a stickler for playing by the
rules lot thinks some growers are
colluding with labs to fudge their test
results THC is the thing in marijuana
that gets you high yep what are you
seeing with customers in terms of what
they look for when they go to a store
and see the THC read out on the
packaging they'd like to see THC
contents at 20% in higher it's the
equivalent of going to liquor store and
finding the highest proof alcohol and
just buying it based on that crooked
testing also Hertz labs that want to be
honest
Charlie Towne a manager at goat labs in
Washington state says growers have
pressured him to inflate the THC content
of their pot so do you have clients come
in who are blatantly saying we need this
to test a certain rate make it I've had
one phone call before that somebody was
shopping around for a laboratory and
they even used that that time and I just
I turned him away I didn't I don't want
anything to deal with him do you think
that that was a random like one guy was
shopping around or do you get the sense
that that's happening more often than
not I think that's happening more often
no not to demonstrate the problem
charlie retested a jar of cannabis that
was advertised as being especially
potent so what are the results from your
test it claims that it was 30% THC and
we just tested it and ran it and it's
18.9% THC and there's no way that that's
a rounding error or some sort of
calibration that's just flat-out false
results that's false results some people
might think what's the harm why does it
matter if somebody is inflating the
numbers just a little bit tell me it's
about integrity I mean again we're a new
and burgeoning industry we want to be on
the up-and-up if they're willing to
fudge potency numbers who
to say that they're not willing to fudge
pesticide or mold or mildew contaminant
numbers the two biggest ones in the
industry are Eagle 20 and avid those are
both neurotoxins
they're basically chemical weapons okay
this is stuff that's sprayed on plants
routinely in the agricultural world but
they're not for human consumption
black mold the same thing people smoke
that they end up with a disastrous lung
infection that can actually end up
killing them is there anybody from the
state coming in to make sure that when
you test your samples that is gonna come
back accurate on THC content it's not
anything that's done on a regular basis
we do do proficiency tests within the
lab so if you do it right once the state
doesn't check back to make sure that
you're doing it every time it's it's
really the honor system right now
Washington is considering tightening its
rules a spokesman for the state said a
secret shopper program provides
oversight of the labs and it has turned
up deviations in testing results which
they are investigating the problem isn't
limited to just Washington eight states
and Washington DC have passed
recreational marijuana laws an
additional 21 states have some form of
medical marijuana the lab rules vary
from state to state and some require no
testing at all this can be a serious
issue for patients who need precise
doses and pot it's free of pesticides
and mold do you worry at the national
level as there is a federal debate
that's happening right now about whether
or not the country should change its
marijuana laws that this kind of
deception is going to influence people's
decision on the issues certainly in
other industries like you know meat
dairy that kind of thing you have
agencies like the USDA that are testing
those products on a national level they
have a national standard for testing all
of those products for every state that's
honestly what we need in the marijuana
world is have one way of testing every
marijuana product that is consumed by
the public in any state that it might be
you
