once upon a time Gwyneth Paltrow is just
a widely beloved award-winning actress
but she finally caught a break in 2008
when she launched her nutritional
newsletter goop which gave birth to a
lifestyle Empire today she's a High
Priestess of a mini tentacle monetized
belief system that just sold out its
first wellness summit and Mary HK Choi
got a ticket the GUP wellness town is
really for anybody who is looking to
have insight some autonomy around health
so it's not just like 600 of your
besties or anything like that I really
don't know very many people in the
audience it's been really really nice
and very profound for me to interact
with some of these women the summit
feels like you're living out the latest
group newsletter there are thoughtfully
curated gluten-free vegan dishes
blowouts wellness panels and of course
goop devotees house is looking to breeze
has duped changed your life
yeah well we closed have rare health
consumer health condition right it's
really they don't like that
what we're having collagen martinis
later right as one does Elise loanin is
goop chief content officer I have some
bone broth later the goal of the day is
ambitious is to really help people
transform or shift paradigms for people
to walk out of that room and feel like
they've been shifted the whole is a
veritable what's that of the multi
trillion-dollar wellness industry access
isn't cheap tickets range from five
hundred dollars to fifteen hundred if
you want to have lunch with Paltrow
there are also workout classes crystal
therapy sound healing aura reading an
antioxidant IV drip with vitamin
boosters so how much does everything I'm
getting right now probably around five
hundred well sleek expensive
experimental and for the most part white
Paltrow's not unlike other lifestyle
gurus but her advice on putting Jade
eggs into your vagina inspires a special
breed of cynicism do you think anyone's
paint attending this conference that's
funny
I'm sure maybe I'll take your I mean
it's a big investment of time and money
so
it's possible I think people they're
probably some skeptic here there are
however medical doctors on the roster
like dr. Alejandro younger a kind of gut
health rockstar the guided like the
roots of a plant is where we absorb our
nutrients and we send them to the trunk
to our leaves and flowers and fruits
which our hair skin and organs I turn
myself off and TED talk types like
Astaire / L a therapist who specializes
in sex as a modern day dr. Ruth so do
you actually believe in some of the
other treatments and protocols here like
you know bee sting therapy or crystals
and things like that what does it mean
when we see believes do I have faith in
it and I willing to and fitrah means do
I have a leak that allows me to engage
with the unknown yes why not take it a
little bit more it's not that we're
opposed to conventional medicine we just
also are very interested in alternative
medicine and having autonomy I've always
been that person who has sort of
introduced the culture or the media to
things that people think are weird it's
really important I think to eat to ask
the question is the Iyer and flack worth
it to you oh yeah of course
