not everyone took the morning off to
watch the proceedings but even in the
capital's busiest workplaces the Comey
testimony bumped everything else from
the agenda Hawaii senator mazie Hirono
is a member of the Judiciary Committee
and former member of Senate Intel she
spent the morning watching closely
flanked by aides pointing out the
biggest developments from the hearing
she used to measure about the election
airbrushes after that I do you like the
water's going said we have to keep in
vain or everyone talked about the
stupid-ass game I guess because of the
lost income
I was going to say yeah I was going to
say it does sound like she's talking
more about you know this broader issue
of Russian involvement and less than on
this side of that yeah that's what never
looks as an obstruction but but the
obstruction part is very much a part of
the totality of what we need to get to
the bottom of the hearing was in some
ways about chromosome behavior he
admitted he least memos about his
unsettling interactions with Trump to
the press pushed the investigation
towards a special counsel for his part
Comey tried to stay elevated and make
the hearing about the threat to
democracy they're coming after America
which I hope we all love equally they
want to undermine our credibility in the
face of the world they think that this
great experiment of ours is a threat to
them and so they're going to try to run
it down and dirty it up as much as
possible that's what this is about and
they will be back but inevitably today
was ultimately about President Trump and
one of the biggest moments Hirono
noticed
along with probably everyone else who
was watching was Comey calling the
president a liar and although the law
required no reason at all to fire an FBI
director the administration then chose
to defame me and more importantly the
FBI by saying that the organization was
in disarray
that the workforce had lost confidence
in its leader those relies plain and
simple and I am so sorry that the FBI
workforce had to hear them and I'm so
sorry that the American people were told
them those are strong words yes I noted
that because it's not often that
somebody just comes out of it that's a
lie and that it really is a lot what do
you make of that that's why I said it
sounded like a guy that steps really
Tony's very real president from but it
came across to me was here's a guy who
did really was doing his best and he
believes in the independence of the FBI
and how important it is to the FBI to be
independent of any pressure from the
President or anybody else that came
across really cute I was honestly
concern that you might lie about the
nature of our meeting and so I thought
it really important to document the
major concern I have with President
Trump is in my view his lack of what we
would consider values the value of
truth-telling the value of understanding
that in our democracy of freedom of the
press is an important part of our
democracy the value that they the
judiciary should be independent so those
are our ultimi fundamental American
values and I enter what President Trump
does is just not pay attention to any of
those kinds of values and I think that
if we're not a country of values what
are we not much surprised her out of the
hearing but she understood why Comey was
careful with his words in interactions
like this now you told senator Warner
that the president was looking to quote
get something
looking back did that dinner suggest
that your job might be contingent on how
you handled the investigation I don't
know that I'd go that far I got the
sense my job would be contingent upon
how he felt I excuse me how he felt I
conducted myself and whether I
demonstrated loyalty but I don't know
whether I go so far as to connect it to
the vegetable
ultimately the decision on whether
anyone broke the law isn't really hers
or commis to make but personally the
former lawyer was convinced you have a
law background your evaluation to your
bit of obstruction of justice right now
I think there's enough there that one
could conclude that that there was an
obstruction of justice but again you
know the lawyer in me says we do not the
kind of legal conclusions that you want
to be batting around but I say there's
enough there and also the idea of abuse
of power right even if it's short of a
legal obstruction occurs we think the
American people should discuss with the
president now can you testify I think we
pretty much get that that he lies is it
to put it very bluntly
