tonight surveillance powers and the
Russia investigation cutting off Qatar
and the woman on trial for a young man
suicide laughs I done read all the
suicide note I cried
British police identified the third man
responsible for Saturday's attack in
London as Yusuf Baba
police say the 22 year old wasn't on
their radar before Saturday but there
are reports that Italian authorities
alerted British and Moroccan officials
about his travels to Syria through
Turkey another attacker Rashid radwan
wasn't on a watch list either but forums
Shahzad but a british-born London
resident was last year he appeared in
the documentary the jihadis next door on
the UK's channel 4 Paris authorities
have opened to counter terrorism
investigation after a man shouted this
is for Syria before attacking a police
officer with a hammer
outside Notre Dame Cathedral another
officer shot and wounded the man who
also had nine bonuses the assailant who
police haven't identified yet was
carrying an algerian student ID card
during the attack several hundred people
were trapped inside the church and
witnesses outside began running when
they heard the gunshot after months of
preparation American vast Kurdish and
Arab fighters began a direct assault to
retake control of Russia
Islamic state de facto capital since
no America Morocco a las abejas ova
dinner hub what a lobby in uber has
fired more than 20 people today the
dismissals are a result of the first of
two internal investigations the company
launched after a former employee wrote a
blog post alleging sexual harassment and
discrimination
uber hasn't yet released the
recommendations from the other larger
investigation being led by former US
Attorney General Eric Holder
in Washington the countdown is already
beginning to the biggest public event so
far in the Russia investigation the
public testimony of fired FBI director
James Comey in front of the Senate
Intelligence Committee on Thursday but
Thursday's showdown comes with a warm-up
act a hearing tomorrow featuring four of
the most powerful players in the
intelligence community the acting FBI
director Andrew McCabe NSA Chief Mike
Rogers Director of National Intelligence
dan coats and Deputy Attorney General
rod Rosenstein the hearing will focus
not on what investigators know about
Trump campaign collusion with Russia but
on how the government conducts domestic
surveillance in the first place
Alexandre Jaffe explains there's no way
around it at least part of tomorrow's
hearing will be Democrats trying to drag
answers out of the witnesses on the
Russian investigation multiple Senate
Democratic aides told me that they want
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen Stein
to admit what they say he told a
closed-door briefing of senators last
month that he knew about James Comey
firings before he wrote the memo that
trunk used to justify it they also want
to press Coates and Rodgers on reports
that Trump asked them to downplay the
Russia investigation which they say is
evidence of obstruction of justice but
the actual focus of the hearing the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act or
FISA is arguably just as big an issue
for national security as whether the
president tried to obstruct justice
sizes the law governing foreign
intelligence collection and parts of it
are set to expire at the end of the year
without congressional approval that
includes a key controversial part
section 702 which gives the government
broad authority for the targeting of
persons reasonably believed to be
located outside the United States to
acquire foreign intelligence information
without award that means American
citizens could get swept up in that
surveillance that's that incidental
collection you hear Republicans complain
about a lot in the Russian investigation
it's how for example House Intelligence
Chairman Devin Nunez tried to deflect
controversy over general flings contact
the Russian ambassador what I've read
seems to me to be some level of
surveillance activity perhaps legal but
I don't know that it's right and I don't
know that the American people would be
comfortable with what I've read and it's
going to be the focus of a lot of debate
at tomorrow's hearing it also poses a
new challenge for Republicans on the
committee on the one hand most of the
committee's Hawks are pretty big
supporters of government surveillance on
the other hand their playbook for
avoiding the real troubling development
out of the Russia investigation has been
railing against government leaks and
what they see is the mishandling of
classified information by the
intelligence community it's going to be
tough for them to defend government
surveillance and section 702 while
trying to pivot away from Russia by
attacking the intelligence community
today
Brazil's electoral court restarted a
trial that could bring down the
country's president Michel temer in an
oozing corruption scandal that's
contaminated every level of brazil's
political establishment tumare along
with the former president Dilma Rousseff
is accused of funding his campaign with
money connected to a two billion dollar
bribery scheme revealed in the country's
notorious car wash investigation timur
faces a separate charge for allegedly
trying to buy the silence of eduardo
cunha an imprisoned politician and a key
witness in that investigation and just
three days ago a congressman an aide to
the president was arrested carrying a
bag containing 154 thousand dollars in
alleged hush money to Maher only became
president because Rousseff was impeached
for breaking finance laws last year half
of the members of the commission that
impeached her faced charges of
corruption or other serious crimes
themselves if Tamera's impeached or
indicted rodrigo maya the head of the
lower house will take over for 30 days
but he too is being investigated in the
car wash scheme
Brazil Congress will then have to elect
someone to serve until the country holds
presidential elections in October of
2018 but it won't be easy to fill the
job at the moment half of all
politicians in Brazil are under
investigation for corruption the State
Department's new spokesperson Heather
now earns held her first press briefing
today and the former Fox and Friends
host came prepared sort of and if you
all will give me the grace as I go
through my book here
because this was a pretty meaty book
second one subject she was prepped on
with Qatar the new nation non grata of
the Middle East the secretary talked
about this today he said every country
in the region has their own obligations
and they need to live up to terminate
their support for terrorism and
extremism however it manifests itself
anywhere in the world but she did little
to explain how the country went from
partner to pariah seemingly overnight
with full support from the White House
katha falling out with its neighbors
might not sound like a big deal but it
could have huge consequences for
stability in the Gulf and for
international markets around the world
as of yesterday a number of Arab nations
including Saudi Arabia Egypt and the
United Arab Emirates have cut diplomatic
ties with Qatar and severed all air sea
and land links with the country it's
escalated fast and the measures were
unprecedented
the tiny Gulf States imports 99% of its
food
so it's essentially now under siege with
supermarket shelves emptied as residents
stock up on supplies why is this
happening the countries involved are all
aligned with Saudi Arabia in a foreign
policy approach that seeks to counter
the influence of Iran and curbs support
for groups like the Muslim Brotherhood
why is there happening now well it comes
just a few weeks after President Trump
held a summit in the sound e capital
riad where he stated unwavering support
for Saudi Arabia and its allies that
seems to be in the green light for a
push to make qatar which had been doing
its own way on some of these issues fall
in line with the saudi dominated
regional club known as to GCC regional
analysts i've spoken to say what Saudi
Arabia really wants his regime change in
Qatar but where Washington stands on all
of this is unclear President Trump
seemed to endorse the move with some
tweets but katha is also a close US ally
in fact it's home to the Middle East
headquarters of the US Air Force there
are more than 10,000 US personnel based
there and it's a crucial hub for US
military operations in the region in a
conversation by phone with Vice news
tonight a spokesman for the US Central
Command said the standoff was already
impacting US servicemen taking
commercial flights in and out of the
country he said the US military was
grateful for its relationship with Qatar
and he expected that to continue for
some time
today in Massachusetts a trial began
over the death of an 18 year old man who
committed suicide in 2014 after being
encouraged to end his life by his then
girlfriend Michelle Carter Carter now
faces cruising time for involuntary
manslaughter in a type of case that
rarely goes to trial but in Missouri
prosecutors recently charged another
woman in an even more unusual suicide
case Michael Moynihan reports on
December 21st 17-year old Kenneth sutnar
placed a series of notes in his bedroom
and disappeared into the woods behind
his parents house sutnar died from a
self-inflicted gunshot wound in Glasgow
Missouri a town of barely a thousand
people it didn't take long for the rumor
mill to start churning whispers that at
school and work centner had been
intensely bullied the police began
investigating a month after sutlers
death a young woman was led away in
handcuffs and confronted with an
unprecedented charge criminal
responsibility for another person's
suicide
we had an early dismissal that day we
had emergency faculty meetings we took
our kids grade level by grade level
walked them through as much information
as we could about the tragedy Mike
Reynolds is the Glasgow high school
superintendent hi guys how are you
and also the bus driver for the small K
through 12 school with only 300 students
Reynolds has a personal relationship
with almost all of the kids including
Kenny sutnar Kenny was a polite
sweet young man had a good sense of
humor outgoing the older he got the more
he got involved in things Frank Flash
Pollard was one of the first people
called to the scene the night Kenny
committed suicide
he's been the Howard County Coroner for
28 years looked pretty obvious as a
suicide I had a meeting with the
Sheriff's Department and at that meeting
we kind of talked about what's on the
neighbors had said what suicide notes
looked like and that's when we kind of
got the feeling that it was good could
have been caused by bullying but when I
sat down the Reynolds suicide note I
cried in onenote sutnar wrote it's just
I can't do this anymore I don't fit in
it will be a better place once I'm gone
in another I'm not crazy it's just I
shouldn't be here no one likes me I have
no future
I'm a fatass and no one likes the
fat-ass I really love you guys it's my
choice respected this is bullying this
so bad that a kid 17 year old boy took
his life we need to do something to
prevent that from happening again
flats Poehler invoked a power granted to
him by the state of Missouri
I found Jenny
he convened something called a coroner's
inquest
according to Missouri law a coroner's
inquest can be used to determine quote
how and by whom the deceased died but
the cause of Kenny's death is in dispute
so flat polar interpreted the law in a
unique way it tried to determine the
psychological cause of Kenny's death the
inquest which isn't a trial but a public
hearing that can recommend criminal
charges had a six-person jury and a
special prosecutor
Kenny's suicide and the subsequent
investigation had transfixed and divided
the community and this is entirely up to
you and entirely a decision yes that is
correct
the inquest quickly zeroed in on Harley
Branham Kenny's manager at the local
dairy queen witnesses accused Harley of
frequently berating Kenny went throwing
a hamburger at him and making him get on
his stomach and clean under chairs in an
ice-cream machine a friend claimed that
Kenny once said Harley quote made him
want to kill himself but another
testified that she quote didn't think
anything of such comments dismissing
them as the type of hyperbole one often
heard at work and was Kenny calling out
people the no-sleep it had been his
tormentors in doesn't know how so he
didn't mention the work incidents
actually in them no Harley for her part
testified that she hadn't ever
mistreated Kenny at work and said that
if she didn't salted him it was just as
a joke but the testimony of the other
witnesses was enough to convince the
jury that Harley Branham was the
principal cause of Kenny's death the
special prosecutor charged Harley with a
felony involuntary manslaughter
something that could result in four
years in prison the coroner's inquest
didn't allow Harley legal representation
Jeff Hill Brenner is now Harley's lawyer
in this situation were simply just one
version of facts
one story and so no witness was subject
to cross-examination no witness was
subject to further inquiry how do you
know these things women these things
occur who else was present who else
could have witnessed these things and so
I you know I think it's the the six
jurors they are saw set of facts and so
no criticism of those facts but isn't
just a process of charging harly that
bothers Hill Brenner it's the very
premise that one person can be
criminally liable for a suicide well
people have been prosecuted for directly
inciting others to kill themselves vice
news has been unable to find a single
other case where a defendant was held
criminally liable for what amounts to
being mean our system requires that a
jury not convict someone because they
might have believed someone before no
matter what the charges or convict
someone because they've done they were a
mean person it's not illegal to be mean
to someone it's basically a well
essentially no it's on an illegal yet
jerk or the speeding these facts but
let's assume Harley was mean to this
young guy at work did that how did that
get us to being responsible for him you
know ultimately taking his own life
the inquest also went after the Glasgow
public school system and Reynolds says
that since the inquest the school has
received a steady stream of hate mail
the aftermath and the reality is here it
has done a lot of damage to our school
community and our town critics of the
inquest told us that a singular focus on
bullying ignored a far more complex
psychological portrait of Kenny in the
notes Kenny wrote the night he killed
himself for instance he made an
unexplained reference to something that
had happened last night
he also wrote quote please forgive me
for my sin I've done slats Poehler
maintains that the inquest was a
fact-finding mission and a search for
justice Jeff Hill Brenner thinks the
inquest unfairly targeted his client and
that its outcome was preordained
if Harley is vindicated in court is
there a long-term damn
well I mean you use the word vindication
and what does that really mean
the reality is she's still going to deal
with anytime an employer a friend anyone
ever puts her name into a search engine
there's gonna be dozens and dozens of
things describing hardly in a way that I
don't think it's fair
Hartley's the life has changed forever
what do you think about it okay yeah
okay obviously I mean if I had to do it
all over again
would I do it yes now Harley's life has
changed did I make it change or did she
make a change when she was doing the
bully so who's who do we blame him for
her life changed
bullies typically done end up in
shackles they do it well I suppose not
 bankers politicians they don't
want I want to make movie stars rug
politicians they don't want I want to
make California pancakes
they don't want I want to mix key
equipment that wants to one of my
designer jeans
I want to make white powder the UK goes
to the polls in two days to choose the
winner of a general election and have
been both joyless and exhausting and the
British government has given artists
cornelia parker the an enviable job of
discovering some artistic inspiration in
those campaigns the role was created by
Parliament in 2001 and it's funded by
the taxpayer I spend more time out in
studio investigating the world and I do
in I'm always out and about taking
photographs and so there's my work is
all the commentary on not happening when
not in the written waiver in past
elections the official art works have
been predictably dull that doesn't
figure to be the case of Parker though
who's made her mark on the art world
with offbeat experimental works like
erecting a house on the roof of the met
in New York or displaying the actress
Tilda Swinton asleep in a glass case her
latest exhibition is at the frist Street
Gallery in London and also takes
inspiration from an election campaign
but this case would made aliyah walk how
lame and I made it with a backdrop of
American election day okay Bofur
candidate what normally all kinds of
people talk about because I was making
this kind of work and I was all I can do
is watch the news and read the papers
and feel very kind of paralyzed almost
and so when they asked me if I wanted to
be the election laughter idiot why not
Cornelia Parker's work has often been
political in 2015 she created the
Wikipedia page for the Magna Carta as a
43-foot long embroideries this tribute
to a document about freedom was
hand-stitched by 203 people 36 of them
serving prisoners however being selected
as the election artist also means
sacrificing some creative control the
terms of the role state that Cornelia's
work can't favor one political party
over another that must be really
frustrating for you as somebody who and
is passionate about politics you don't
want to just jump in from time what are
you saying well if all the news that
we're in one of Cornelia's most famous
work is called dark matter an exploded
view quite literally as the project
involves requesting the army to blow the
shed Cornelia is recording the events of
the UK general election via Instagram a
real-time stream of imagery that will
help him form her finished work i'm
doing an integrand feed yeah so if I can
get your name come home I quite like the
idea of having to be completely
impartial and so I'm I'm very I'm
finding you know that I've got a
photograph of a tree leaning to the left
and I have some approach government we
lean to the right
one spirited moments captured by
Cornelia came days after the Manchester
terror attacks as a crowd of supporters
of the UK Independence Party turned on a
reporter sounds like a baby is going on
your home that very day what was the
theme of the emerging Island and they
think that I didn't know were there
before them I've subscribed it somebody
else's like quite revealing Jerusalem
syndrome even the slightest a shadow and
looks like Jesus or you know as the
filled cup of coffee and it looks like
the Virgin Mary order you just looking
around complete a little bit I'm finding
it's very obsessive-compulsive unless
that have to lie in a dark room after
this taking what she's observed cornelia
parker will produce a piece of art by
the end of the year can we squeeze out
you would be material base and will it
be a video based on a photographic or
video by the moment i mean because
that's what i've yeah that's the media
I'm working it sort of lends itself to
that I don't think the most focus and I
don't know what I'm going to say like
one of the elections over fire
dollars-six daddy pay stay with me
 niggas oh no he's on my template OD
diamond me closely
actually I don't do this ah meow goes to
FIFA 17 been counting against my bank
account on goofy this song is dark bro
oh my god so dark I got the all-stars
got yo gz big boy and a dope ass
sample alright don't beat and landed in
the house on this one
this should be in like a French film
dark film about kids are doing drugs got
stuck it's a bad situation there they're
trying to get out was it LCD soundsystem
LCD Soundsystem holy oh my god I
love Joe voices like as she talks which
is so it sucks II went as lover voice no
idea Selena Gomez Selena Gomez holy
there's don't because you could see her
versatility you know she can do like
these big touring vocal songs when she
does like these indie pop songs where
she can play that role too I like that I
like in the song candy leftovers
Halloween being a fad beauty of
everything the leftovers lovely he's got
his own voice but he sounds like someone
that was listen to Willie Nelson the
same time to listen to Friday's but he's
got like that old soul in his voice -
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
June 6
you
