I'm helping everyone you may have heard
the phrase you can't put a price on
education well it's so that's only
because that cost keeps on going up so
many graduates leave school with an
incredible amount of debt which raises
the question is the system sustainable
and how will higher education look in
the future well right now we're going to
find out and as always we'll break down
the issues in facts figures dollars and
cents
now look any conversation about
education is incomplete without talking
about the big business of student debt
next check out the numbers eighty five
percent that's the increase of seriously
delinquent student loan debt from 2003
to 2016 so be clear serious delinquency
means the loan payments are overdue by
at least 90 days and check yourself two
thousand seven hundred and twenty six
dollars and twenty seven cents that's
the amount student loan debt increases
every second that's right every second
sanyo is this generation just
financially doomed I'd like to think
okay I mean look it's not a small amount
of money by any means I will say this
one thing that's kind of beneficial this
generation has it at least I didn't have
when I was coming out of school was
income base repayment plans this is
something that the Obama administration
has expanded what it means is that it
you will pay back just the percentage of
what you're earning so if you're not
making anything for the first couple of
years while you're out of school you may
pay nothing you may pay twenty dollars a
month or something like that and the
more you earn
the more you start to pay back it's not
an easy payment plan for anyone don't
get me wrong I got out of school of
forty five thousand all right and I know
you done playing it oh no another you
all right I'm close but I'll tell you
why because I made a decision that I
wanted to have six months worth of
emergency savings I wanted to have to
invest in a retirement plan no I did all
my own how old you were when you started
in fifteen your route 125 say it doesn't
it doesn't have to be a lot of money and
it actually works so yes I do still have
student debt but I'm okay with that
because it's manageable it's not a
really it's not impossible and I'm able
to still save so it's not it's not the
end yet okay right next like a question
from the audience I do you think it's
better to go to affordable state school
or an expensive private school there was
a young man last year who got into all
eight Ivy League schools and went to the
University of Alabama because of the
package that he got from them and I
conversely if you go to a really great
private school with a lot of financial
aid money and you're a tractive
candidate you're going to get you might
very well get better assistance at that
type of school than out-of-state school
so it's not straightforward and you
can't just go by the sticker price alone
I think that doing your homework before
you go to college or even look about how
much student debt right should that be
commencing people's decisions about
whether or not to go absolutely should
when I was I grew up in rural North
Carolina and I was fortunate enough to
be admitted to a couple of the Ivy
League's and they didn't offer me any
money and I was offered a scholarship at
Duke which is a terrific school and I
made the decision to go there because it
would have been financially
irresponsible to do anything else but I
used to go through with that decision it
was best experience of my life it was
fantastic and I still and I graduated
with debt but it was a manageable amount
so can I just say two things yeah and
it's really important for young folks to
pay attention to college scorecard is
this cool site that it was also a part
of the Obama administration it existed
before but they kind of fancied it up
you can find out how much debt people on
average graduate with from any school
that you are interested in for the most
part the other thing I would say is that
a general rule of thumb you should
probably not borrow any more than you
expect to make your first year out of
college this holds know how much you've
been taken Ln the Bureau of Labor
Statistics there's a mantastic
government site that'll tell you how
much the average person in every single
field makes use that as a marker so if
you're going into a stem field science
technology engineering you could
probably afford to borrow a little bit
more because you're likely to earn a lot
more when you come out if you are going
to be an art history major which I have
nothing against I like art history and
you're maybe going to make $30,000 well
use that as a measure don't borrow any
more than $30,000 and stick to schools
that are only going to allow you to
stick to that rule and it's tight
question from the audience are there any
questions
hi i'm india and i'm just wondering what
happens if I don't pay my college debt
oh girl
Susan unfortunately not paying your
college debt is not the same as almost
any other type of debt you can't get rid
of it in bankruptcy it follows you
around indefinitely the federal
government holds that that they can
garnish your wages they can take your
tax refund they can take your Social
Security disability benefits if you lose
your leg in an accident and they can go
after the money after you die well I'm
crashing this is actually a common
problem with so many recent grads so
deep in debt it makes you wonder is the
system really sustainable this next
number shed some light on it 150 books
in that the increase in median student
loan debt from 1990 to 2012 at that same
time the median annual salaries for
recent grads dropped by 7.5 percent what
are the chances that graduates actually
going to earn enough to pay off their
graduates are usually okay okay it's the
people who don't graduate that we need
to worry about the people that make and
the people that take six years to get
through that switch college is 2 and 3
times people who go to a couple of
college courses or semesters and then
drop out especially at for-profit yeah
those are the ones who are you know
single working-class mothers and we feel
so - no - accountant just stick with it
if you get a degree your chances of
paying off your loans and doing well are
much much higher and people with $5,000
in debt or oftentimes in worse trouble
than people with $50,000 but the best
best thing is start asking questions
school do this really nasty thing called
front-loading right you know about this
where they're your freshman year they're
saying oh we're going to give you all
this money
sophomore year half of its gone you can
ask them and they have to be honest with
you about the fact of what they're going
to do as far as your financially for the
four years that you're there and that
will give you a better sense of how you
can actually financially plan for it if
you can't pay it once what are your
other options look at this number
fifty-four percent that's the share of
US jobs that required an education
beyond high school but not the whole
four-year degree two-year trade schools
right they've become more popular they
have a viable alternative Danielle you
have to make sure that you are selecting
a provider that is a quality right check
out to make sure that they are
established to make sure that they
aren't
charging you astronomical amounts for
those degrees because oftentimes you can
go to community colleges and get the
exact same kinds of trade degrees at a
community college for a fraction of the
price it's a really interesting point
actually leads us on to our next
insisted many people tend to think
student loans are something you deal
with for a decade or so of the college
but this links that shows us it has a
longer impact in that two hundred and
eighty thousand dollars as a loss in
retirement savings and home equity for a
two-person household paying off the
average student loan debt and as we're
thinking about these financial costs
Danielle as some majors just less viable
than others I wouldn't say there's
necessarily less viable when there are
certain majors where you will earn more
money but I am totally against anyone
who tells someone don't follow your
dreams if you want to be a musician you
want to study theory do it just don't
maybe do it at a $65,000 a year school
perhaps do it somewhere where it's a
little bit more affordable and you'll
still get a fantastic education you
don't have to go to all the IDs to get a
great degree and you actually can still
go to some of the Ivy's depending some
of these Ivy League schools will cover
your full ride if your parents make
below a certain amount so for a lot of
low-income kids you can go to Harvard if
you could get into Harvard I should say
that and if your parents make less than
$65,000 a year they'll cover everything
Stanford now it's 125 thousand the
definition yes exactly their definition
of well lower middle class I guess yeah
same thing it depends on you zone you
have resins 140 and Stanford is 125 you
see if there are any other questions
from the audience we have hello my
question is with the workforce changing
is there chance our education could
become outdated yeah absolutely I think
it's important to think of education as
not something that you're going to go do
and then be finished with that you have
to be looking at your education and
something that's going to continue for
the rest of your life when I came
through Business School and did my MBA
the marketing class didn't talk about
digital marketing because there was no
such thing you have to be focused on
refreshing your skills whatever
going into at this stage I'd also say
that there are a lot of companies that
will pay for you to take classes as
you're there I mean my dad was really
lucky his company paid for him to get a
credential he didn't go to college but
they just wanted to make sure that he
was up to date on the latest systems in
his particular job and so they covered
that and there are a lot of companies
that still do that not as many as they
used to but that's something you should
also ask if you're at a place and
they're saying well we want you to learn
these things
can you help them cover the cost of
being able to do it absolutely okay that
seems like a good place to end this
edition of the business of life I'd like
to thank all of our panelists for
joining us today Danielle Anya and Susan
and all of you for watching home we'll
see you next time on a business survive
a business of life is made possible by
veteran Manhattan because a free
resource that helps be filled practical
knowledge and take control of your
questions
powered by kings of America see more
that our money habits knock
you
you
