five months after ABC fired Roseanne
Barr for a racist tweet her show returns
to air tonight as the Conners without
Roseanne
there were tens of thousands of people
outside waiting to come in the
Washington Post put a picture of an
empty arena and they put a caption mr.
president not a very good crowd as I
didn't even land for four and a half
hours later now did they fire that
reporter No
right and look what happened to Rose and
if they fire Rose Ann yes well I was at
my mom's house in Salt Lake and you know
I was very happy and you know my show
was number one after 20 years to come
back and be number one and not just be
number one but 28 million people watched
it so I was in a happy place and anyway
so I went to bed and I woke up at 211
and tweeted that tweet and then I went
back to sleep and when I woke up in the
morning it was all over the news and I
was like uh-oh
and it was characterized as a racist
which just made my stomach all to my
feet and then the network called and
said
what possible excuse can you have for
something you've done which is
unforgivable and some other word that I
can't remember and then I said I be
happy to go on all all the ABC shows and
explain it and apologize but I they said
no I wasn't allowed to do that not too
long after that my mom was watching TV
and saw that it was canceled and that
was just the beginning
this was the Eleanor Roosevelt freedom
of speech award ironically oh that's the
Emmy and those are People's Choice
Awards we cleaned all my awards and
group them for you I want to get the
Nobel Peace Prize or a Tony I don't keep
in touch with anyone on the show
I've been removed from the process of my
wife's work it's like the worst thing
they could have possibly done to me was
to fire me from my own show and let
other people write my life story I'm not
gonna watch it and I'm not gonna condemn
it or say anything bad about it either
I'm just moving on from it because I've
always been a go-getter and now I'm ah I
don't know what I am
here's my mess my big mess you know now
that I have extra time I really wanted
redo all my files and my pictures you
know get them all in order so that's
what I've been working on so I'm back to
what I always did which is try to get my
pictures and my files together I need a
lot of organization I'm bad at that I've
got a lot of time for real life real
life stuff like just going for a walk
with my mom and having an ice cream cone
stuff like that waiting in lines I
really been sleeping a lot like probably
17 hours a day started smoking very bad
move
there's a backstory to everybody who
creates something you know the the pain
of living life and the things you may
have gone through to you know create
that joke or that situation or or that
family and they knew that I had you know
everybody knows that I have struggled
with mental health issues and I was
struggling at that time as well
I was impaired and stupid and mistaken
and wrong and for that I apologized my
whole life I've been under punches I'm
not just my career my life yeah I've
been under punches forever I've been
called every name in the book for you
know since the first time I stepped
onstage and before that and you know I
don't let words hurt me what other
people say I don't let it hurt me cuz it
that's about the person who's saying it
not about me I'm not what they think I
am and I know that I Know Who I am and
you know they're wrong
you
