for decades human beings have played
games against computers at first
computers struggle but then they started
winning Weiss's what is preached yes
and now they've become so dominant that
they're raising doubts about the future
of humanity the latest emblems
existential dread is google's deepmind
project which created alphago an AI
program that's become unbeatable at the
most complex strategy game on the planet
while the game of checkers has ten to
the power of 20 possible how come and a
game of chess has 10 to the power of 40
possible outcomes go has more than 10 to
the power of a teapot welcome alphago is
trained to analyze situations itself by
breaking the game down into tiny parts
and visualizing all possible moves last
week to play the world's best go player
19-year old kuru with the help of a
human handle alphago beat him three
times and after doing what it was
designed to do retired from the game
that justice be seven little beds has
this is you're putting that in water
hole which is a car dealer oh yeah just
a passenger back if a system like
alphago can learn all the moves and go
well enough to beat a person then it has
the potential to replace lawyers and
accountants among dozens of other jobs
it might be perfect but it has no way to
navigate human politics the Chinese
government banned the live stream after
juror lost the first game the loss to an
American company was an attack on the
country's pride the Chinese government
has made a big effort to proclaim that
they are moving ahead rapidly in
artificial intelligence that they will
be the people who dominate AI they have
the dreaded Google come in and beat
China at its own game
it's just piling insult on top of insult
it's kind of amazing but it was more
than a national crisis they were I
exhausted away to their sanity article -
ginger homes and then jinda was a
magician followed Rupa's innovation idea
Cheetara
you know kata
