I would panicking and I called up some
people I knew and I'm like I quit my job
I'm gonna make Milan from home like what
do I do can I do this he was not super
happy with what he was doing and the
atmosphere he was in a shop that he was
working at and I got a job that almost
doubled my income I said to him look
with what I'm making here it makes up
for what you were making at the shop we
could get you started on your own we
really scary because I have house
payments to make I have kids to feed I
have a family to take care of he felt a
lot of pressure to be the provider for
the family and to really kind of man up
it was really tempting to just go get a
job anywhere just to help provide a
little bit because I felt guilty for not
providing the income for my family it's
not something where he one day was able
to shirk off all of the cultural
responsibilities and societal pressures
that he feels it's something that we
constantly have to reevaluate by the end
of a conversation with them I would
always be convinced that I could use my
time better developing this business so
that we could gain traction and not have
to rely solely on on Deb's income
because of the progress we've made in my
business sometimes I just have to take a
moment and say look at me it doesn't
matter what happens outside of this
relationship I'm not pressuring you to
provide for this family the dream is
that you follow your passions every time
I sit down at the bench I'm creating
you've got a chunk of wood that's just
raw it's just a block and all of a
sudden it's translating to wavelengths
through the air there that effect
emotion the goal is to make these
beautiful creations and then get them
partnered out there
with someone who can create beautiful
music with them my violins are currently
at $5,000 and I think that I'm in a good
price range where I'm not necessarily
competing with these guys who are
selling violins for $30,000 I'm looking
for four people in a whole nother area
of the market finding clients is a
constant process I had to get out there
and contact people and put myself in
venues where not only violins are being
played but where someone might be
responsive to talking to me about
getting some work done on a violin
definitely a lot more legwork outside of
actually sitting at the bench and doing
my craft that's a big shift but I got to
say I've never been happier I don't
think we could really count it as being
successful in following our passions if
we weren't able to share it with each
other in our kids I'm going to be there
for my kids while they're growing up you
know daily sing songs with the play with
them teach them in my shop you know it's
really neat to be able to do those kind
of things and I think it's special maybe
it's not 100% my responsibility to just
provide for my family no matter what I'm
doing it's also important that we're
pursuing our passions and that would be
happy maybe that's the better route
