in other parts of Asia legal equality
for the LGBT community is moving the
exact opposite direction towards
intolerance and state sanctioned
violence in Aceh province in Indonesia
the world's largest muslim-majority
country sharia law is now being enforced
legally and yesterday two men arrested
for having sex were publicly came these
twenty-year-old men were attained eighty
three times by three enforcers who took
turns lashing them for breaking Islamic
law human rights advocates compared the
beatings to medieval torture and the
echoes are hard to ignore
hi Holly hi didi I chat up in Japan
how is he Indian melihat long spiciest
IKEA ceremony shall we eat a pizza Java
so Chara Loki can ya get da da da da da
da cunha Magana as I said Iran and Sudan
who could me to Dan alright super Hadoop
who it was maybe well Hamal who don t
belong like me
the couple was arrested in March after
neighborhood vigilantes broke into their
rented room and recorded them having sex
in a che homosexuality is punishable
with up to a hundred lashes a hundred
months in jail or with a fine of up to
two point two pounds of gold or about
$40,000 it's the only province in
Indonesia where it's officially
criminalized currently this man who
identifies as gay was willing to talk on
camera as long as we distorted his voice
and obscured his face maybe he thought
the Gila River see deeper that Ramos
would be the consequence bulimia some
politicians in the country have
expressed quote concerns about the
activism of the LGBT community others
have called for the criminalization of
gay sex and their provinces and in the
capital Jakarta on Sunday 141 men were
rounded up for attending what police
described as a gay sex party the arrests
appear to be part of a rising tide of
virulent homophobia under D Gaiden turbo
Kai to messy job was in the beginning
sorry it was a joke
