tonight trump in israel iran after the
deal and the circus lives on circus in
dead
we're coming british police responded to
reports of explosions at manchester
arena after an ariana grande concert
authorities tweeted that there are a
number of confirmed fatalities and
injuries turkey has summoned the US
ambassador protesting quote aggressive
action against turkish bodyguards in
Washington last week while President
Erdogan was in DC Turkish security got
into a violent brawl with protesters
started beating some of them outside the
Turkish ambassador's residence
Washington police called it a brutal
attack on a people demonstrations Turkey
wants the u.s. to conduct a full
investigation the FBI is investigating
whether the stabbing of a black college
student over the weekend was a hate
crime
Sean Urbanski a student at the
University of Maryland has been charged
with first degree murder in the killing
of Richard Collins the third a second
lieutenant in the Army who was supposed
to graduate from Bowie State University
this week police say Urbanski is a
member of a racist Facebook group called
all rake nation suffice it to say that
it's despicable
it shows extreme bias against women
Latinos members of the Jewish faith and
especially african-americans Mississippi
representative Carl
Oliver's apologizing today after posting
that Louisiana leaders who supported
removing Confederate statues quote
should be lynched to other members of
the Mississippi legislature liked his
post which he wrote after the last of
four Confederate statues was removed in
New Orleans on Friday Oliver has now
deleted the post and in his written
apology says quote in an effort to
express my passion for preserving all
historical monuments I acknowledged the
word lynched was wrong I'm very sorry
former National Security Advisor Michael
Flynn has invoked his Fifth Amendment
right against self-incrimination in
response to a subpoena from the Senate
Intelligence Committee in his letter to
the committee
slim cites escalating public frenzy in
refusing to turn over records
he also misled pentagon investigators
about his income from russian companies
and contacts with russian officials when
he applied for top-secret security
clearance last year according to a
letter released Monday by the top
Democrat on the House Oversight
Committee
President Trump arrived today in Israel
the American ally widely reported to be
the source of the highly classified
intelligence he disclosed to Russian
officials earlier in May widely reported
that is until Trump himself confirmed it
this morning unintentionally trying to
deny he done anything wrong but the
president didn't let that awkwardness
get in the way of his main objective
laying the groundwork for a peace deal
between Israel and the Palestinians I
thank the Prime Minister for his
commitment to pursuing the peace process
working very hard at it's not easy I've
heard it's one of the toughest deals of
all but I have a feeling that we're
going to get there eventually I hope but
the last three US presidents have all
tried to broker a deal in and it'll eat
and they all fail i William Jefferson
Clinton who saw Bill Clinton may have
come the closer the US had more clout in
the Middle East when he took office and
in 1993 he was able to bring together
Israel's prime minister yet back ravines
and PLO leader Yasser Arafat who emerged
with a framework for Palestinian
self-rule but by the end of Clinton's
second term the negotiations had
devolved into a stalemate over which
side would control Jerusalem and
Palestinian discontent spiraled into a
violent uprising the Second Intifada
enter george w bush my vision is two
states living side by side and peace and
security
President Bush presented his roadmap for
peace
calling for a deal by 2005 but Arafat
passed away in 2004 and hardliners swept
Palestinian elections soon after Bush's
roadmap collapsed
Bush tried one last time in 2007 aiming
for a deal before he left office it
never materialized defeated Bush settled
for conceptual success and one thing has
happened is that most people in the
Middle East now accept the two-state
solution as the best way from peace just
months into President Barack Obama's
first term Benjamin Netanyahu returned
to the prime ministership and then Obama
spoke in Cairo Israelis must acknowledge
the justice Israel's right to exist
cannot be denied neither can Palestine
the United States does not accept the
legitimacy of continued Israeli
settlements named Yahoo wasn't happy
about Obama's speech tension between the
two men grew and after a brief halt
construction of settlements in the West
Bank began again Obama left office just
after the u.s. abstained from a UN vote
against the settlements Netanyahu was
furious blaming the US and calling the
move quote a shameful anti-israel Oi
since taking office Trump is already
hosted Netanyahu and Palestinian
Authority President Mahmoud Abbas at the
White House but he doesn't seem to fully
grasp how complicated this all is
adopted by previous I am looking at two
state and one state and I like the one
that both parties like I'm very happy
with the one that both parties like
experts laughs at Trump's lines but that
naivete may be the president's best hope
that only someone so new to the debate
can find a solution that works for the
veterans Trump push for peace is just
part of a broader shift in America's
approach to the Middle East and in
particular Iran in Jerusalem today Trump
railed against the 2015 nuclear deal
championed by President Obama you know
with Iran Iran very grateful to the
United States because Iran negotiated a
fantastic deal with the previous
administration a deal did unbelievable
Trump went to great lengths to portray
Iran as a fanatic regime vent on fully
war with the US and Israel but on Friday
Iranian voted overwhelmingly to reelect
moderate president Hassan rouhani hoping
for more engagement with the west and
now that sanctions have been lifted a
long-awaited boost to the Iranian
economy the blogger report from Tehran
are there any differences with the
dennah under the burgeoning
model most this is the call of Iran's
post sanctions era the dennah plus any
other Iranian cause with some no this is
the first time they've been around
features like the sunroof are exciting
in this water market that's because the
sanctions imposed in 2012 limited the
parts that manufacturers were able to
get into the country Iran used to be the
region's top car producing nation and if
I navigate and when sanctions hit the
industry production plunged by almost
40% there now back to over a million a
year and they're aiming for 3 million
annually by 2025 30% of those best
looking for expert the dennah plus
started mass production just a few weeks
ago the man fronting centers for the
cutting of the ribbon president Hassan
rouhani
rouhani's policy of reengagement with
the West may not have pleased all
Iranian but it's bringing international
business
the country at Taiwan Stock Exchange the
country's 326 listed companies are doing
as well as they have in years
part of that is foreign investment by
understand it had evolved into circuit
homo Britain and the water is the water
to be novel le piggy ran but I'm
connection connect circuit Hobbiton
anxiety away so the Dean position
without theater insufficient a place for
them but for ordinary Iranians there's
still no sign of a dramatic change in
fortunately the inflation rate is down
but the Iranian rial is still weak
against the dollar shopkeepers in the
Grand Bazaar three people just long
spending money and was owned aimed at
Boulevard a develop there are shadows a
scientist is Amol Arte be the continued
lack of access to an international
credit card systems light means tourism
revenue still isn't being fully
capitalized the most worrying of all
with the job market in Geneva a resume a
career that media no metal ossified the
bottom bottom bottom osmium at the mall
other qualities of leadership this is an
Iranian employment agency may be timing
has been looking for work for nearly a
year the college graduates with a degree
in engineering Sherlock or Peter cannot
Alisa confirms all of it reshape all
emotion the connections are you know I
don't want need fish monster destroyed
the yam beyond what a car we gotta sam
Harris at Sony mean I'm quoted audio
while the unemployment rate nationwide
is over 12 percent it's more than double
that for those under the age
but when Iranians went to the polls on
Friday it was younger versus who helped
propel were harder to victory
people like Ali bhai and his friends
some of them are students some work
part-time in the tech industry for Iran
they sat down with us to explain why
they still felt rouhani had the right
long term vision for the future the
general outcome of the Duras sanctions
rocking off wasn't obvious in the
economy you know people are saying that
we are we have the same problem that we
had before the nuclear deal so if things
are not changing for them doesn't that
mean that the policy is is wrong the
policy of rouhani it's not wrong it
takes more time to show its effects and
its outcomes you should have final
investments you have to sell your oil to
the foreign country in the end Iranians
decided there were enough signs of
economic resurgence to justify another
four years of a man who helped broker
the deal to lift sanctions to the
country of the next generation the
suitcase to the benefit with confidence
made in Washington Congress is preparing
for tomorrow's release of the full White
House budget proposal even though the
president is out of town it's hardly the
full on sale job that usually happens in
budget season and that's because this
proposal requires some pretty
challenging math this proposal is a
deeply conservative plan that balances
the budget in ten years even while
hiking defense spending and factoring in
a big loss in tax revenue thanks to the
tax cut package that Trump wants to see
passed the White House proposes to
balance the budget partly through steep
cuts to social and welfare programs but
also by making a wildly optimistic
assumption about the American economy
under Trump that it will grow by 3% each
year
they're saying that cutting taxes and
reducing regulations for businesses it
means they'll have more money to create
jobs
that means more workers to pay taxes
which would in theory eventually balance
the cuts out the problem is that 3%
growth is completely unrealistic and way
beyond what any typical economists would
forecast the nonpartisan Congressional
Budget Office estimates the economy will
grow by 2.3 percent in 2017 and 1.8
percent per year on average over the
following decade
I spoke to hunter Blair and economist at
the liberal-leaning Economic Policy
Institute about why a three percent
growth rate would be so hard to hit he
said that higher economic growth
requires an increase in productivity and
that's hard to achieve especially as the
population gets older as we age as a
population we're going to have less
people who are working we'll have more
people who are retired and so that sort
of mitigates that side of the equation
adding to productivity growth so why
would someone put out a document with
numbers that you can't take seriously
you would put out a document with high
growth rates if you wanted to say that
you were closing the deficit without
taking steps that would actually do that
we've already had this conversation
before back in February when the draft
version of this budget was released and
moderate Republicans didn't like it then
so they're probably not going to like it
now it still has no chance of passing in
its current form Trump may be able to
ignore the budget rollout while abroad
but the rest of his administration can't
starting tomorrow
his cabinet secretaries will be called
on to defend specific provisions and
Democrats will start using the White
House budget as a weapon against the GOP
in a meeting today an advocate for
Twitter shareholders asked the company
to consider a radical proposal to make
the platform a giant co-op owned and run
by its users we want to get users more
involved and having them think like
owners it was either a noble idea or a
reflection of desperation among the
unprofitable companies investors Noah :
has more people who own shares of
Twitter are short on returns and long on
complaints $100 a Twitter stock bought
when the social network went public in
the fall of 2013 our worth just 44
dollars today so to get the company back
on track a group of investors floated
proposal 4 which asks for Twitter to be
community owned and governed by its
users
if being cooperatively owned sounds a
little weird it is the Green Bay Packers
are America's most famous community
owned entity but there's no precedent
for it in Silicon Valley
then again Twitter is a little weird the
company is hemorrhaging money
quarter-to-quarter and it cycles through
two CEOs before going back to Jack
Dorsey one of its co-founders but for
the hundreds of millions of people who
do use it regularly it's hard to imagine
life without Twitter that's why some
have called it a public utility Jim
Mukherjee a Twitter shareholder and
chair holder advocate supports this
proposal and believes it will increase
the value of Twitter stock when
customers are owners that more companies
are more likely to be in touch with
customer needs I think that users
would eventually flock more to Twitter
than they would to Facebook and Google
if they associated Twitter with
democracy and with giving power to the
people
Mukherjee has a study from the
consulting firm McKinsey that backs them
up on them but most of Silicon Valley
works the opposite way Google and
Facebook basically operated
dictatorships because even the members
of the board they have really no say
it's the founders that control the board
the board are basically lapdogs and
twitter is much different
Twitter's leadership issued a statement
of opposition to the cooperative
proposal they say that preparing a study
on cooperative structure would be a
misallocation of resources and a
distraction to our Board of Directors
and management because most of Twitter
stock is held by institutional investors
like hedge funds and private equity
firms this proposal never really had a
chance of passing but the proposal did
get support for more than 3% of all
shareholders which according to
microchip means that you can expect to
see this idea next year's meeting and
maybe even at another company
over the weekend the Ringling Brothers
and Barnum & Bailey Circus ended its 146
year run with a final show in New York
the beginning of the end came a year ago
when the company finally stopped using
elephants in its shows
animal activists celebrated but
attendance plummeted an America's most
famous big-top folded but the demise of
Ringling Brothers isn't the end of the
road for the circus or the elephants
small traveling circuses still
crisscross the country with their
biggest performers in tow
people like tradition even if they've
never been see bringing does they know
the name and that it's going to be gone
forever but circus women did we're
coming my name is John Ringling North
the second I was born into the Ringling
Brothers Circus and noun the lucky
enough to be the owner of Kelly Miller
Circus being around this circus takes me
back to when I was a kid I first
appeared in research as I was eight as a
clown his family sold the circus that
bears his name in 1967 John Ringling
North is now the only member of the
Ringling clan that's still in the
business but he runs the Kelly Miller
circus which he bought in 2006 I was
66,000 I'm probably gonna get another
shot at this so
find out how much it cost i barton i
don't regret it
we open in first week in March and we
generally close the last week in October
in between we've traveled through 18
states and 10,000 miles you know when
you're in Hollywood they do your makeup
for you but we're not in Hollywood we're
in Ohio for smaller operations our
demographic is different we go to
small-town America we bring the circus
of people's doors were easier to go to
we do good with small towns that don't
have Walmart
I wonder it takes 18 performers in a
crew of 33 to produce each show tickets
are $8 for kids and 16 for adults the 10
holds just 1,200 people
that's a long way from the crowds of
10,000 that the Ringling Brothers
regularly drew hold on to your horses
here won't be hello Ben I don't think
it's a circus without the elephant the
elephants bring both business has always
wanted to ride an elephant so we'll see
how that goes
and protesters they apparently help
business they get press coverage and
people's know we're here
I often Glanton sanctions which they
hate animal rights activists may have
forced Ringling to drop its main
attraction but the Kelly Miller circus
says its elephants aren't going anywhere
elephant handler trainer caretaker the
solid family we're just here to take
care of the elephants this is open to
the public
we're not hiding anything we're still
going strong and we want to keep it
going as long as we can
Ringling North said the circus isn't
always welcome we have Bridgeton New
Jersey canceled three weeks ago they
passed the law you can't bring circus
animals we found another ten get your
picture taken with a Mongolian okay
I think Turkish like this will keep
going it'll never be another giant tree
ring circus but this time do you have a
much better chance
that's why sings tonight for Monday May
22nd
