six years after Muammar Qaddafi's fall
fighting between rival governments and
militias has plunged Libya into anarchy
last year Isis took control of cert the
former strong man's hometown US forces
pounded the city with airstrikes in
support of Libyan soldiers 700 whom died
in the seven-month campaign to retake
the city but the fractious militias
guarding cert have no real control and
Isis is regrouping nearby are the
wonderful payin WA nada he had I don't
know to view it managed and it was iffy
admit I'm a bit any mustard in with
cameras all all of this was a corner -
either calamity shall attend hitter a
lot this used to be the largest Isis
stronghold outside Iraq and Syria
include a few months ago thousands of
Isis fighters had helped search for
nearly two years they drove out almost
all of the cities 80,000 residents and a
parent I know a lot better this is a
America
I make yeah they have it like that fair
Anthony
in this Malaya was the holy river among
the seven seed be disciplined and care
for activate or Jax and guarantee if you
had ten yen in the Shiva ha Holly modem
are the fish family drama fishermen
Linda can total head sir house and we
can can cover no - head of the eighth
come on Muhammad used to teacher the
local school before Isis moved in the
cassette fell apart his wife from quite
children has led last August when the
heaviest fighting began their madad ya
that fell again this is one of the first
times he's been back Isis fighters
converted his home into a base turning
this residential neighborhood into a
full-blown battleground hajjali
you mean ven and Jericho after a no
 the Colorama ladies where is the
laser so consider Sheraton any magic dr.
Cataldo machine share attorneys in in
some American Road within Shara Shara
a little basil either hearted wallet
her father was a coolant here in the
cretin tenure I'd applaud my applaud
highly manoeuvrable Holloman all matted
hair with Cameron
how is Isis able to come in and take
such control here valera hora de
trabalho
balances here with the level for our
weather cooler continue Syria and in
Estes bad at about the command staff
eval Michael she safely soldered since
the fall of Gaddafi in 2011 Libya has
steadily descended into chaos dance were
created a vacuum for groups like Isis to
move into
sir is now under the control of local
militia unit but these fighters haven't
been paid in months and there are fears
the dangers aren't over there is an
official Libyan army loyal to the
internationally backed government in
Tripoli there are many other factions
vying for supremacy that created the
void filled by Isis and things aren't
improving - a lien negative on some more
huh beloved hair on a body and what's up
little bit actually now Sharif is part
of a Libyan army but even so them I
suspect read rather allegorical motto
motto motto a lien when the recession
hit the end unless you later on
then what said though there earlier
Kevin Monopoly via the diamond shamrock
abilities Expo but is Romeo Karabakh
Ottoman Ravel and a garage was full
awkward monument - 20 year-old Ashland
Ella she was one of nearly a hundred
Isis fighters captured inside sir valise
aluminous left collection coffee so
Luanne annoucer Forest Service yeah
narcoleptic he said he was talking with
us of his own free will but a prison
guard was present around
Ahmed is Libyan he's from a good family
in tributing his father as a politician
but he was inspired to join Isis in
science after reading news reports of
their exploits living in wooden even
liver hareton that Ahmed explained the
inner workings of the organization as he
calls it made up mostly of foreign
fighters and how they were able to take
control of the city to thousands of
miles from the group's de facto capital
in Syria SATA marketers are abiding care
how to defend us to monitor them
I'm sorry sherry on they are those very
clearly very book about it last bear
home only with those
sort of Madinah mr. Hannen means the
house of bad table manners still have
five a grave a little enough dear do you
think it could happen again
somewhere else you were never serratus
CSEA well nestle you are opposite
yes Benny corner factor mommy yes
shoulda told Nancy Eichmann's future
looks bleak but Isis could still have
one in Libya laughing and making rocket
powered in that topic enough is I
believe you I mean they can't afford any
to go solo she did hard eyes on you
again either tourists a lot of cane corn
SMED
well there's nothing left of Isis inside
many of the fighters escaped and have
regrouped just a couple of hundred miles
up the coast
