tonight tracking North Korea's weapons
going after liberal judges and the
newest White House correspondent we're
not making propaganda was barely
reporting the White House this evening
push back in The Washington Post report
the president Trump disclosed highly
classified information from an ally in
an oval office meeting with Russian
officials last week the story that came
out tonight as reported is false the
president and the Foreign Minister
reviewed a range of common threats to
our two countries including threats of
civil aviation at no time at no time
where intelligence sources or methods
discussed and the President did not
disclose any military operations that
were not already publicly known to other
senior officials who were present
including the Secretary of State
remember the meeting the same way and
have said so you're on the record
account should outweigh those of an
anonymous sources I was in the room it
didn't happen McMasters deputy Deena
Powell issued a flat denial it should be
noted that the president and his
spokespeople have contradicted each
other on numerous occasions the Supreme
Court has declined to review North
Carolina's 2013 voting law that means
that an earlier ruling by the Fourth
Circuit stands which found that the law
was racially discriminatory and targeted
african-americans quote with almost
surgical precision the law imposed a
voter ID requirement cut a week of early
voting and eliminated same-day
registration
thousands of new cases of the ransomware
cyberattack were reported today largely
in Asia we have an additional concern
that copycats as we've seen in the past
will provide variants to this tool and
continue to come after us the initial
attack Friday the largest coordinated
cyber attack ever hit more than 150
countries and two hundred thousand
victims disrupting universities
hospitals and businesses the hackers
used in vulnerability that was exposed
in NSA documents leaked online last
month the United States has accused the
Syrian government of building a
crematorium near the setna prism to
secretly dispose of thousands of bodies
the regime is responsible for killing as
many as 50 detainees per day the US said
Bashar al-assad's government carried out
the killings with support from Russia
and Iran Palestinians across the West
Bank in Gaza fought with Israeli
security forces during protests on
nutfah Day which commemorates the
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
who fled their homes during the founding
of the State of Israel in 1948 today
some carried teas symbolizing the houses
their ancestors left behind
that's enough see at the kebab houses
seen the electorate sobbing them to see
me and the
it's a ybt popular
North Korea launched another ballistic
missile this weekend and today Pyongyang
claimed it's a new kind of missile that
can carry quote a heavy nuclear warhead
this is North Korea's tenth missile test
so far in 2017 and experts have warned
that a nuclear weapons test which hasn't
happened since last September could be
imminent
it's hard to know which of Kim Jong Un's
boasts are true but thanks to new
satellite technology analysts can now
draw their own conclusions
by studying the country's weapons of
mass destruction program from afar Ravi
samaya has more this is a cluster of
shoebox-sized satellite being launched
into space early this year they're the
creation of planet labs a start-up in
San Francisco
the satellites photographed the Earth's
surface in its entirety once every 24
hours even North Korea one of the most
secretive nations on earth cannot hide
what are the challenges of miniaturizing
a satellite to this point one of the key
things we have to work on is the radio
flap so this radio now even though it's
one of the smallest in space I'm
actually can beam down information
faster than your home internet
connection to satellites collect
terabytes of images every day so this is
a live view into a planets mission
control system overlaying onto the earth
is the kind of live position of our many
satellites we have in space right now
tell me about the coverage of North
Korea which of these satellites is going
over and how often so I see all of them
pass over North Korea every 24 hours and
all of them take a small part of the
land area North Korea and then we take
that and stitch it together - great and
for coverage is it fair to say that if
you're Kim Jong moon now there's nowhere
to hide your missile you can put them
inside North Korea knows it's being
watched the center for nonproliferation
studies uses planet imagery to track the
country's nuclear weapons at a game of
cat and mouse conducted nearly entirely
remotely we started taking pictures of
Kim jong-un and identifying where he
was the North Koreans got really annoyed
by that we could tell that because I
started putting up barriers behind him
so we couldn't see where he was but you
learned these really fascinating little
things like we watched Kim jong-un watch
a missile test from a mountain we're
trying to figure out what mountain it
was and it turns out it was the Masek
Pass Ski Resort in the summer that is
part of a pattern we've noticed which is
kim jeong-hoon likes to watch missile
tests from really posh places to build a
3d model of North Korea's testing site
percent to combine satellite imagery
with seismic data they found that this
facility fits perfectly with publicly
available nuclear testing data released
by the United States it seems pyongyang
has used these Declassified papers to
replicate the American program if you
look in the goggles okay what you're
going to see is a three-dimensional map
of North Korea's nuclear test site and
I'm not looking a tunnel yes so there
are a variety of tunnels that are going
into the mountain using commercial
satellite images we can see the North
Koreans digging them one thing a model
like this allows you to do is see what
the biggest possible explosion they
could conduct is and we think that's
sort of about 350 kilotons which is 1020
times larger than the bomb that was
dropped on Hiroshima we can see based on
the tunnels that they're building and
the tunnels that they've used that they
plan to conduct a lot of nuclear tests
and so it's kind of just weird
disconnected chunk of a distant nation
you kind of get a sense of what it would
be like I guess to fly over the plane
Jeffrey I'm guessing you can't do that
not unless you wanna get shot down
we can see more of North Korea than ever
before including its nuclear program the
more information is not more knowledge
none of the rhetoric in recent weeks
around these nuclear tests has sort of
approached a feeling of certainty do you
think that level of certainty is is fair
or accurate no there's an enormous
enthusiasm when you get all of this data
you feel like I have all of this data
there are all these things I know but
you don't write this data is all
indirect and what you have is a series
of clues and you know be grated places
like a Sherlock Holmes story and you
always got the answer but often you
don't
my guess is North Korea will probably
conduct one or two nuclear tests there
every year for the foreseeable future
that tells you the site's
active it doesn't tell you that a test
is going to happen tomorrow president
Trump's travel ban was back in court
today with cameras rolling live the
Ninth Circuit Court's decision to allow
the proceedings to be broadcast was
unusual but the questions the three
Clinton era judges on the panel ass
repeated some familiar themes mainly
whether the statements Trump made on the
campaign trail about banning all Muslims
from entering the u.s. should be
interpreted as the orders real intent if
you don't say all these things you never
wind up with an executive order like
this that's why context matters it
always has in the content in the context
of the Establishment Clause and here the
history is overwhelming the ninth
circuit heard similar arguments about
the first travel ban they sided against
Trump Trump responded by questioning
their motives which has revived a
long-simmering Republican campaign to
break up the 9th circuit which they
claim is biased toward the left
Alexandre Jaffe explains when Donald
Trump doesn't get his way in court he
likes to talk smack about judges this
new order was tailored to the dictates
of the ninth circuits in my opinion
flawed ruling this is the opinion of
many an unprecedented judicial overreach
and now because some of his key
executive orders are tied up in one
Court he wants to completely dismantle
it to understand why you have to
understand a bit about how the federal
court system works the courts of appeals
are the second level in the system above
district courts but below the Supreme
Court they're organized in a twelve
regional circuits and the Ninth Circuit
is the nation's largest by multiple
measures it covers nine states and two
territories fifteen federal court
districts and about twenty percent of
the nation's population it has 25 active
judges and four vacancies waiting to be
filled 18 of the 25 more than 70% were
appointed by Democrats making it one of
the more democratic leaning courts in
the nation and those judges come from
some of the nation's most progressive
states meaning they're likely to leave
progressive to breaking the court up
wouldn't really make it less liberal
though but doing it now could create an
entirely new circuit with more judges
who could be nominated by a Republican
president in theory balancing out the
liberal tilt of the ninth now President
Trump doesn't have that power but
Congress does and they've been trying to
for decades the first efforts to break
up the ninth circuit date back to 1941
and the idea gets fresh attention every
time the court makes a particularly
controversial decision I talked to Brian
Fitzpatrick a law professor at
Vanderbilt University who testified in
front of a House panel on why the court
should be split up he said because the
courts so big its decisions can be
inconsistent only three judges here in a
given case sometimes the panels are not
good at keeping track of what all the
other three-judge panel are doing
because there's so many of them and so
you get some inconsistent rulings which
of course makes it very hard for the
people who live in the western United
States to know what is legal and what's
not legal he also said the size of the
court makes an inefficient in 2016 it
had eleven thousand three hundred and
five filings
it takes more than 15 months for a case
to make it through the Ninth Circuit
about four months longer than any other
circuit this all contributes to a
particularly high number of decisions
from the ninth circuit being reversed by
the Supreme Court
that's the issue Republicans used to
attack the court as too partisan the
Ninth Circuit decides thousands of cases
every year they're only reversed
two or three times per thousand case
cases they decide but that reversal rate
two or three times per thousand cases is
much higher than any other circuit but
Trump endorsing the proposal probably
isn't the way to get it done it actually
could backfire because there are some
pretty good nonpartisan reasons to break
up the Ninth Circuit and making it a
partisan fight obscures those reasons
the Greek government just slashed its
economic growth projections as it lists
towards another recession that will
likely mean new austerity measures and
steeper taxes and a country already
crippled by debt nearly twice the size
of its GDP but even in the middle of a
financial crisis one sector is thriving
the historic Greek shipping industry is
84 billion dollar fleet is the largest
in the world and that's due in no small
part to massive tax exemptions and
shrined in the Greek Constitution phoebe
greenwood reports from athens
Greece has 638 shipping companies most
of which are family-owned Niko's Virna
cough is head of one of the richer
shipping families in Greece yeah must be
here he's a philanthropist a patron of
the Arts
and like most ship owners one of the few
Greek employers still able to offer jobs
despite years of economic crisis Marlin
honey good you get all the bodies
incidentally Tobias never lets bellezza
do you sell aporia
frog was a massive argument for a global
flag of North Korea are enemies of the
euro and that's it colorful
I am a Catholic distributor happiness
distributors I can see that has there
been any impact on the shipping industry
from the financial crisis in Greece
no because Greek all shipping is active
internationally so are not heedless by
what
ultimately the impact we have is that
our heart is our soul because we cannot
enjoy life
you see so many combatants of our
suffering but the profits of brief
shipping companies aren't subject to
corporation tax what the shipping
industry does pay is wrapped up in
tonnage tax laws a system so couch in
exemptions the tax contributions are
nominal
by way of example the nagas partners
posted 66 million dollars in net profit
in 2016 if they were obliged to pay
Greek corporation tax it would be around
19 million dollars instead they pay just
0.5% of profits in tonnage tax ships
under the age of six go pay tonnage tax
in 2016
Greeks for the number one buyers in a
global ship market so new ships equals
no tax an ocean shipping don't just
benefit from corporate tax exemptions
the ship owners themselves are exempt
from personal income tax shareholders of
Greek shipping companies aren't subject
to tax on their dividends nor capital
gains and Greek shipping families pay no
inheritance tax for a country 300
billion dollars in debt to the European
Union every last cent matters there is
no complaint from the Greek population
about the tax status of the Greek
shipping industry fortunately the Greek
government don't interfere with the way
the Greeks Epona sank but do you think
it's a bit of a crazy situation where
there's an industry that has to give its
consent in order to be taxed by its
government agrees there is no stability
so if these Dutch laws were affecting
the Greek shipping company which would
traverse across sequence losing our
credibility no one is going to use a
Greek water taxi to transport goods so
that whatever taxes
critics so the country ship owners are
holding the nation to ransom taxes more
and we'll leave taking our jobs
investment with us
some argue shipping magnates are even
overstating the value of their industry
to add weight to that threat aid of
Sarah is an investor journalist with the
leading left-wing newspaper who's
reported extensively on corruption in
the Greek shipping industry air with no
voluntary seasonal event LS Madhavi
Syria la una tow city to see Volquez
analogous LF DiNapoli McCollum ro
service o menos que nosotros veto mi
Acosta 20 new risky cartel may succeed
if you speak to some of the people
living in villages and islands like
chaos they'll say leave them alone
they're giving us jobs they pay us
better than any other industry when
there's mass unemployment so please
don't do anything that is going to scare
away these ship owners and we'll lose
our jobs and all these villages are
going to lose their income a dependent
on the shipping industry what would you
say to these people a little additional
water stood up additionally a lien a
sticky Greek shipping directly or
indirectly employs two hundred thousand
Greeks in card Amla a village on chaos
that some to a number of the Richard
shipping families loyalty is to the ship
owners that employ them rather than the
government whose taxes could drive these
employers away a source is our CEO
Gannon a new mozilla news
let's pot so khludova dollars each amina
me troponin EDA a bro Tamina otoño Al
Madina VOB Ziggy nyada's
sang category so katana publicity que da
casa rosada crotteaus yaste yell as many
cold soggy
you gotta parry Cepeda mince Anton LaVey
so Malacca tone Sabra yeah Bobby sell
godiano
yep Lotus prostores meters kana
crotteaus Kanellis or Nebraskan come on
power bottom is a gender-fluid garage
punk duo that released its
much-anticipated second album pageant on
Friday it also may be a band on the
verge of a colossal flame out the day
before the album released an anonymous
accuser tweeted that band member Ben
Hopkins was a serial sexual predator
behind multiple assaults power bottom is
called the allegations shocking but the
band hasn't denied the charges or
replied to vice News's request for
comments meanwhile one of power bottoms
backing musicians says he believes the
charges and the band has been dropped
from its label Dexter Thomas has more
power Bono is one of those groups like
Public Enemy or Riot it's more
than just a band Ben Hopkins and live
Bruce make pretty good punk music but
it's a politics that make them special
I've ever won completed just be
respectful of everyone else's bodies in
space not hurt each other in Beach City
and if anyone feels unsafe in any way I
will fix that real fast
one of the first accusations with the
bin Hopkins had sexually assaulted a
partner while she was sleeping and since
then more people have come out with
similar stories there haven't been any
legal charges yet but now an entire
music scene is imploding before this
power bottom was immediate darling as
the representatives of a pretty diverse
queer music scene I interviewed Ben and
live a couple months ago and asked them
what they thought about that at a
certain point people are saying here is
the queer rock band
we're not the queer band were one of
thousands of queer bands and we're not
the first anything and and we're not
heroes who are saving the world we make
tons of mistakes too just like everybody
else
there is no zan unproblematic save ya
there's no there's no saint power bada
no these are criminal allegations and if
true power bottom comes off as
hypocritical but from the students
perspective that's not really the issue
here if the power bottom let down so
many of its fans having a bandit talked
about safe spaces it shows and the
demanded gender-neutral bathrooms at
venues was powerful for a lot of people
just being at a power bottom show made
them feel validated and precisely
because there aren't a lot of clear bans
in mainstream spotlight been and live
for heroes late last week President
Trump floated the idea of canceling the
daily White House press briefing for
good the suggestion seems almost
reasonable the briefing room was once
the beating heart of serious American
journalism and access to it was reserved
for the most respected players in the
field but today having a West Wing
trespassed might simply mean that you're
someone who writes nice things about
Donald Trump
someone like Lucien wint rich the 28
year old blogger for a site called
gateway pundit who now has daily access
to the White House I think a lot of the
the other correspondents Thea report as
poorly as they dress terrible ties like
Macy's discount rack tides incredible
scenes to them I don't like ties instead
of that very shining I think those are
very obnoxious i'm luciene winrich I'm
the White House correspondent of the
Gateway pundit the largest political
news website in the Midwest technically
I'm not just a smoker
originally I made a name for myself
through a series of relatively
homoerotic photos of Twinkie boys and
make America great again hats before
this position over actually a
creative and an advertising firm I had
gone on the news and expressed my
feelings that Donald Trump was the most
Pro gay candidate shortly after that my
employer called me to his office he said
we think he'd be better suited or
happier following your other interests a
month after that life to be the first
ever conservative art show this is the
new Punk Republican season.you Cruz and
then a month after that I was asked if I
wanted to start covering the White House
I was feeling David
Swango me if I actually I think the vast
majority of new media that has recently
gained entry to the White House is is
somewhat controversial only to the old
guard media I definitely think the White
House is supportive of our presence in
the briefing room because there there is
such a clear bias with a lot of these
traditional old media flow and very
frequently I will overhear them
disparaging the press secretary
disparaging properly for the briefing ad
stars and so to add diversity of opinion
and you qvi to the bathing room it is or
it has been rather than applauded by the
administration oh we at that point like
very big gender of yours
we'll see what came after negotiations
playing good night Chinese I have not
yet asked your question during the
briefing
I've had a couple good ones but both
those days unfortunately I wasn't called
on they don't really have a I don't know
idiots guide to being a White House
correspondent book available
we're not making propaganda was fairly
reporting we're doing what the vast
majority of other journalists in that
room should have been doing from the
beginning
yeah the first paragraph needs to draw
he prolly ders and ideally be somewhat
sensationalist and then actually get to
the details and the facts of the of the
report in the near future I do want to
get more involved in interviews which
require I think I personally I think
they're pretty engaging especially if I
can lands and big names my first
question for Trump would be how do you
put up with the incredible narrative
against this administration that we
really haven't seen in history so yeah I
kind of don't worry I'm not one of them
i I was a supporter of this
administration from the beginning and I
will continue to support the
administration I just I'd love to see
some of those campaign promises being
fulfilled and conservative polished
policy being cranked out of your office
that's vice news tonight for Monday May
15th
you
