and in advance of guardians of the
galaxy - we're going to be breaking down
the science of the original guardians of
the galaxy to separate science fact from
fiction you know it's all fiction okay
this we're dis embellishment roll that
tape during their Prison Break from
inside space prison kiln rocket the
raccoon disables the artificial gravity
leaving the guards floating into the air
unable to pursue the Guardians you've
turned off the artificial gravity
everywhere wouldn't believe how you turn
off the gravity by plugging two cables
together or not clear on that but just
as the gravity goes off doesn't mean you
float up inertia is a property matter
you just sort of be there and I imagine
you could steady yourself enough to aim
one of the rocket bazooka things but the
heroes have got to get out of there the
guardians of the galaxy you got a guard
the galaxy - so last year we found
gravity waves as predicted by relativity
so are there particles of gravity you
know like we have photons and gret and
light waves so could you concentrate
gravitons in a graviton bottle and
squirt them wherever you needed them I
guess you saw it happen so that's it I
mean if that's the way it works what
during a space pod flight Gamora is
ejected from her ship into space without
a space suit which he then ejects from
his pod without a space suit wearing
only his helmet which he then places
onto Gamora leaving him without a
breathing device deep space is three
kelvins 3 degrees Celsius above absolute
zero so he starts to freeze the former
Soviet Union did experiments with dogs
and they were able to live in a vacuum
for 30 seconds so it's reasonable that
you could pull it off and then there's a
tractor beam to pull them in the ship
just so cool I want to get one for my
car
the power Infinity stone has the ability
to wipe out an entire planet just by
touching the stone to the planet's
surface
we'd have this infinity stone which has
these fabulous superpowers Guardians use
them to knock mow down armies and
destroy whole planets you know the way
you do so it seems like that's something
that would be dangerous so we're living
at a time where people are concerned
about nuclear proliferation infinity
stone proliferation really be
troublesome it would be as powerful as
unobtainium you just you can't even you
can't even get your mind around it's
like not even nuclear weapons to a whole
nother what's infinity you know when you
have infinity I mean anything can happen
I'm not telling you
