hi there I'm Nick Morello international
editor for vice news today we're talking
about the ongoing conflict on
Afghanistan America's longest war as the
u.s. deploys 1,500 troops to Afghanistan
this summer contemplate sending
thousands more down the line the country
again two beers on the brink of total
collapse in the last month we've seen
the u.s. drop the mother of all bombs on
an isis compound that bomb by the way is
the largest non-nuclear bomb in the US
is it-- inner inventory
we've also seen a brutal surprise attack
by taliban on an afghan army base that
killed at least 140 soldiers and an
urgent visit by the US Secretary of
Defense James Madison the recent ramp of
activity points to the stark reality for
Afghanistan which in 16th year war faces
a dominant Taliban to growing Isis and
no clear solution on the horizon to help
us unpack this issue we're joined by Ben
Anderson who's reporting from the
frontlines of Afghanistan for the last
decade
he's got advice on HBO special on this
topic premiering tonight and not and
from Kabul alia Maha an Afghan
journalist and frequent contributor
advice news welcome to you both and
thanks for joining us today thank you
thank you
hey Ben so I'm going to start with you
first off this this special tonight is
really incredible can you tell us what
was your experience on the ground
and tell us a little bit about the
feature that's premiering tonight on HBO
yeah I mean I went back to Helmand
province which saw more violent and more
US and UK resources than ever anywhere
else and the goal was always to hand
over to the Afghan security forces who
were supposed to be strong enough and
well-trained enough to to finish
defeating the Taliban and provide
security for the local population I
didn't get outside the provincial
capital lashka gah because all of the
other areas all those areas that the
Brits and Marines and Afghan forces have
fought so hard for over the last 10 11
years have fallen back into the Taliban
town and the situation there is as bad
as I've ever seen I mean one of the one
of the key scenes in the film is is a
bunch of policemen driving up a road in
a Humvee which was which took at least
three bullets while we were driving up
this this short road and there was a guy
who had met before on his belly in front
of the Humvee pulling IEDs out the road
with his bare hand and he pulled five
IEDs at the road with his bare hands
before they got to this small army base
which had been surrounded by the Taliban
for four days just so they could
retrieve the body of a fallen soldier
and bring him back for a proper burial
you know that's the exact opposite of
what was supposed to be happening by now
and it's the worst I've seen it out
there and it feels like Lashkar Gah is
certainly on the brink three hundred US
Marines just arrived there there are US
Special Forces there they may be able to
prevent it falling and but certainly
this summer the traditional so-called
fighting season I think is going to be
very bad there and elsewhere in the
country of the film shows as well
yeah can you can you tell us a little
bit about the fighting season we saw
this kind of grand statement last week
from the Taliban and and and they named
their primary targets but in your
experience from from kind of being on
the ground in the frontlines how brutal
is this fighting season and what can we
expect as we start to pay more attention
again to the 16-year conflict civilian
casualties have gone up here one year
since since recording began in 2007 I
think it was the Afghan security forces
are in as bad of situations I've ever
seen them in desertions defections
casualties are at an all-time high
I spoke to one Afghan major had been in
Sangin for nine years as soon as he left
his entire unit defected to the Taliban
and that's becoming a very very common
problem and saying in itself which saw
so many US resources so many US UK and
Afghan casualties is
the footage came out of a huge bar bomb
that was planted in a tunnel
near the district center and it's it's
just rubble now completely abandoned and
rubble and and and we saw a recent
report last week that the Taliban
controls or contest 40% of the Afghan
country at this point you've been
reporting for the last 10 years how how
did how did they take over so much
territory so quickly and or or was it
really quickly at all or were we just
not paying attention and they were and
the Taliban was always kind of slowly
growing and I think this goes right back
to the the start of the invasion in the
rush to get to Iraq we put power in the
hands of people who many Afghans and
interesting to see what I mean much to
say about this didn't welcomes people
who might be their protectors and who
might you know held in a new era of
democracy and an end to corruption so
over the course of a few years some
people rather than being brought in to
play a part and then you government
we're hounded because they were former
Taliban some people just thought their
best option was to go back to the
battlefield or turn to the Taliban to
get protection from some of the forces
that we empowered and you know I've seen
horrendous crimes being committed in the
south by by the Afghan police and Afghan
Afghan local police and it's hard to say
you know it leaves a bad taste in the
mouth but but there are places who you
know there are people who think that the
Taliban are a better alternative I spoke
to a very senior policeman and Helmut
when I was here on this last trip I said
you must speak to people in in Helmand
who are now living under the Taliban
what do they say and he said they say
they're happier and they take their
goods to the to the bazaar they leave
them there overnight they don't get
stolen that it get taxed the checkpoints
the children aren't being abducted and
yeah that's that's oh that's a terrible
sign about how little we've achieved in
the time in the time we've been though
right aleem can I lean can you can you
kind of give us some perspective of what
you hear day-to-day on the ground in
Kabul and and and more generally what is
that sensation to Ben's point how
complicated is this relationship for the
country to the Taliban and the US and
the US government and also the the
current Afghan government
well as been mentioned in some of those
areas mark and Helen commanders I mean
former commanders who were ousted during
the third of indigenous government come
back those people come using through
through corruptions or using get a
personal channel they come back in power
so another very a kind of Tora get your
own private beach instead of targeting
like Edison people there just need a
mass element that is destroyed your
field and this will get their assets and
punish them or put them in prison or
even Chelsea so that's also a dove into
the kind of scales or from the nuclear
population and so they have no other
choice I just went back to the thought
of owning anything
and a development and asshole for
Billy's protection and on other hand we
see telephone by giving Connecticut
taxes from the day whether they grew
they give the protection they have the
court system they have judges they have
definitely fits the bill from them and
it's lethal they also providing
protection and all the local population
wanted was perfection
when these born either form some of
those carrot options now speaking about
that protection that kind of ruthless
pragmatism you're talking about how does
Isis change this dynamic does does the
threat of Isis make the Taliban more
appealing to those that are that are
vulnerable or or is it purely just
another kind of complicated you know
firework that's going off at the same
time that this kind of sixteen year war
has taken place I just use which
motorcycle nobly yeah but I see
something kind of new with kind of most
diphtheria and the areas to the border
in Pakistan necking mostly in the
eastern region though where we have the
form of people who has some pockets of
hope from the out of control that we
have seen some of those on former PTP
Tarek Taliban Pakistan people have been
apparent in the body areas of action but
I think you from what the the way
they've come in the way they some of the
atrocities they have committed with the
essence areas of Megaton like you
especially machine and
dibala and she inverted the six none of
that I mean the people I mean I mean
they kind of looted people's houses they
forced marriages and all other adjusted
estimated you know after the people of
them against Lee so in Helmand another
area and also Smith in integrals in many
places we have seen clashes between the
table in the ISIS and even as we've come
to the point that the Taliban have
approached or sent messages that have an
orbiter haven't blown that we all try to
do it because we need versus first fight
them and then we can send our own fight
so you know that sense you know and also
they are not open by the people at work
right so so been you know we saw a lot
of coverage you know the last few weeks
after years of kind of the US meteor
more or less ignoring Afghanistan we saw
a ton of coverage over the the mother of
all bombs that largest non-nuclear bomb
in the u.s. inventory and it was about
Isis do you do do you get a sense of
having covered this that the the threat
of Isis is being overblown and being
missed as part of this kind of this this
counter-terror operation obsession oh I
think it's being massively overblown I
mean the estimates vary but but some
people say as few as four five hundred
fighters some people say mm maximum and
they control three or four very small
districts in the far east as the leap
said and I think what you said about
their reputation now is exactly right
they rose to power powers is a slightly
misleading term but they they gain
control of some areas because both the
Taliban and the government were failing
to provide services and security and
justice and but I think aleem is right
in that now they've been there for a
while they're getting far far less
support that you know that the Taliban
is by far the biggest threat to
Afghanistan they're not not Isis you
know by a magnitude of hundreds right so
you you in your previous reporting
you've kind of you've spent some time
around areas where where soldiers have
kind of gone to to Isis and and and is
there beyond their their limitations is
there is there anything to really
explain
the the counter-terror obsession from
the US or is it purely just part of this
larger attack on Isis in your experience
I mean if you're talking about the
mother of all bomb the only vaguely
logical reason I can think of to do that
would be to show people in the rest of
the world namely Putin and Assad and
Iran that you know there's a new sheriff
in town and Trump is is more
unpredictable and ruthless and reckless
than Obama was and so they'd better
changed their behavior but if he's
trying to out Mad Dog those three
players then I don't see that ending
well at all and strategically in
Afghanistan I don't think it had him any
impact at all to two American special
forces soldiers were killed I think a
week after the the Moab was dropped and
the Taliban launched the biggest attack
of their and their entire campaign since
being overthrown
about the same time so when
strategically it made no sense
whatsoever right so to that point where
we know now that there are about nine
thousand US troops and an additional
5,000 NATO troops on the ground in
Afghanistan mostly focused on training
soldiers and and also on counter-terror
operations the the kind of big question
that we see that that's going to come up
especially as the Pentagon starts to
weigh a new plan in Afghanistan is
what's next and that question is coming
from Jesse clip on Facebook he wants to
know what's next for the war in
Afghanistan and and and and I'd be
curious to hear from both of you since
you you both have so much experience in
covering this conflict over the last 15
years
Liam do you want to start from the
ground in Kabul yeah sure basically
actually this sending excess troops or
them I just think the issues are
fighting for the Salomon a lot that is
its welcomed by the government but if
you talk with the public or with the
people say when 30,000 forces were
deployed to Helmand and they couldn't
glower the kind of peace they couldn't
give a basic rule of law and all of that
so what was this extra 300 forces 300
more of that would do that so what but
the people run from the US and it's
and all the nationalities that they
should have there should be some kind of
political conditions on our diplomatic
through diplomatic channels in post the
Taliban is the kind of negotiation table
that will work because this this would
be an kind of non as if in the month or
for the US it is also as in continue for
very many more years if there is no kind
of political settlement with with with
the Parliament as a listen take example
of the it should be an appellate process
but there should be kind of some
international monitoring incident into
or pushing the diplomatic channels based
on ethnicity and the same thing was
happening recently with the heck it is
no musical Dignitas
we just turned out to Kabul yesterday
and the deal was worked out and today
the same Peter O'Toole demonstration I
will be witness to the in Kabul there
was one big gathering for Goodman hikmah
telling all these student we thought
about used to execute people and the
same two thousand of people and gather
and cheering up for their leader and on
other hand the same city we saw a bunch
of opposition other people chanting
against them so that shows that there is
I mean that makes so to miss it about
the future that that means the same
rival group who are until a couple of
years ago were facing each other back
national now they're just having some
peaceful slogans against each other so
that makes us go optimist if this
possible with egg material is also
possible the telephone there should be
some kind of negotiation with them as
well and then go into this yeah now now
ban you you know nothing I think Eileen
Eileen what Eileen points are the best
best-case scenario a political solution
and right now the limited us presence is
preventing absolute catastrophe you know
protecting preventing major population
centers from falling and increased US
presence increased training of the
Afghan security forces to slow or
possibly even reverse the momentum of
the Taliban might might increase the
chances of there being a political
solution that that's the absolute best
case scenario right now right your
caution been kind of brings up the fact
that we've heard rumors of negotiating
with the Taliban for years right and and
and and if if they have more power than
ever really what what can all sides
involved really do at this point is
there other than obviously kind of to a
Lemes point of more involved players
kind of coming forward and saying that
we need a solution is there is there any
real reason to hope that that can come
right now or as we go into fighting
season are we just going to see kind of
a real staggering rise in civilian
casualties and troops and and and and
troop casualties I think we are going to
see that staggering rise no matter what
given what happened last summer and
given what's already happened this year
there have been negotiations for years
so far I've been been fruitless I think
possibly the most damning thing you can
say about the last the last 15 years of
war is that most of the Taliban were
willing to do a deal when they were
overthrown you know deal could have been
done then if there was the will and they
were coming from a very weak position so
I I think not you know interests until I
leave us to say I I think a very good
deal could have been done and who knows
what would have happened now they're in
a very strong position and feel like
they're in the ascendant so it's not in
their interest to do a deal right now
because they're gaining ground I mean
they've gained territory over the last
year at a faster rate than they have at
any points it's being overthrown so you
know you could argue that all we've all
one of the main things we've achieved
over the last 15 16 years is actually
strengthen their hand the negotiating
table if that even happens in there in
the near future
now you know one of the things that and
one of the questions that's coming in
from josh joshi on youtube is is about
the the strength of the Afghan forces
and and maintaining them on the front
line there's been a lot of issues with
with that and and specifically you know
after the the really horrific attack
that killed 140 troops in an army
barracks what sort of challenges does
the US NATO and Afghan government kind
of face in keeping these troops both
engaged and willing to fight in this in
this war that that's you know dragging
on into its second decade
abandon the challenge is a huge yeah go
no no Ben I was just going to kick it to
you please continue the the challenge is
a huge ghost soldiers are a huge problem
you know in one province there might be
2,000 soldiers on the book there may
only be one thousand two actually exists
and the commander is taking their
salaries a corruption is a huge problem
weapons are being sold fuel vehicles are
being sold logistics are a huge problem
there are soldiers who aren't getting
food on getting weapons on getting
ammunition as I said earlier I think
defections and desertions are
unsustainably high rate casualties or an
answer the same to be high rate morale
is as low as I've ever seen it
the challenges are massive and that's
why you know sending 300 Marines to lash
gagarin Helmand province is nowhere near
enough to just to solve that problem and
Allium can you talk about what you hear
from soldiers on the ground especially
can you talk to the the reaction after
this horrific attack and how much of an
impact it it played to Ben's point on
the the defections and the corruption
and the concern to in this in this
fighting I would still have been said
you know the the morale among the
soldiers or losing why while you're
losing the suit is because of the Baths
of corrupt officials and the high
thinking options until the logistics or
those soldiers would be abandoned or
being surrounded by Taliban like 30 or
40 soldiers being surrounded and an
output and they we they call their
senior officers then asking for help
they say we are running guilty of
emanation we are running out of food but
nobody kind of takes the Bears called
serious so of course what kind of
message the news and then of course the
first time he sees that I mean he's
running out of terminations and nobody's
paying attention Zim by the time the
help arrived a rotten can so that was
organized to surrender or deserters are
live that or so and also this kind of
the recent killing of the two nine
corruption Indian majority there are
some people arrested from enter within
the cop because the music is a
simplification not the reporting to come
but I mean as I have heard from some
people that there were some people there
are some inside and inside the who
eat them who help these attackers to get
into them so there are always these kind
of sympathizers or some bad elements
within inside who helps outside the
forget it the race is not a death so I
mean and also the goo so there is a big
problem that gave me many of these areas
I mean when they go and capture or they
cannot get get hold of the day that
because the first source is for example
doesn't think the sale area has been
mentioned very good example of that for
2,000 soldiers but the ground reality
does maybe as even you will not even
have five in the soldiers presence you
know so these are also other problems I
mean they're the new government the
national unity government ethics and
some new steps with the help of the
resolute support forces but that would
take time to go through all these the
barracks or all these candidates of I na
in order to take some time in there all
these issues inform that they are
cultivation right it's I mean it's just
infinitely complex and and been we've
got we've heard from from James Madison
HR McMaster the the two highest-ranking
generals in the Trump administration
that the current Afghan government is
one of the best partners that the US has
had in its 15 year or 16 year war rather
but but he faces some challenges on the
ground not just with corruption but but
but with popularity can you kind of can
you speak a little bit to to to kind of
the both the faults and opportunities
presented by the new Afghan government
and I thought if I shown Ashraf Ghani
would have one last time he run think
things could have could have actually
been a lot better by now and in terms of
him being a better partner for the u.s.
in terms of what they're trying to do I
agree he's the best partner they've ever
had there are all kinds of stories about
him and abdullah abdullah being almost
at war and him not being good at the
politics which are needed and which
Karzai was very good at in order to get
things done and he's actually alienating
some of the wrong people in terms of his
popularity I think Ali would probably be
able to answer to answer that much
better than me Liam do you uh do you
mind kind of digging into that a little
bit
a Salinas popularity was that been
mentioning the best time for him would
have been in 2009 election he would have
come because that was there's more
resources for the attention of the
international forces and international
patents on Afghanistan but by 2014 when
he won the election booth those
attention have gone away again sadly but
the meeting as some people had a lot of
hope right before but then we had this
coalition tournament you know like I'm
in Afghanistan with all this calm place
and all these problems that I was facing
and then you have like a national unity
government which kind of always make
appointments is based on on who 50
percent of your share and 50% of the and
chief executive shape so that fell
impacts a lot of disappoints honor that
everyone wants to do I find a good
person a person who's capable of the job
but he has to get the consent of his
other partner so those political
pressures on him is also adding into
that but it still they wrote them in
some of the recent stuff that he did for
the peace deal and some other projects
like the hydropower projects none of the
things after that's made people
optimistic about he is good he is taking
the country into the right track and all
of that and his the new relationship a
new page of relationships started with a
US bank because you recovered a hit then
when the past because the BC bilateral
security agreement with America and
other partners that even if it's good
it's gone stage but after he took over
things have gotten better the really
might come back in a new page and all of
this there are some some some stuff he
did good medicine I mean here's a lot of
political forum beside him so he has to
keep the balance now you know it makes
an obstacle for him to take the things
for well you know we hear a lot about
about the the partner being good for the
US but does Afghanistan and do the
Afghan people think that the u.s. is a
good partner to them and in general
where where where is the the u.s. the
sentiment towards the US at this point I
mean it's sixteen years in this war
where would you where would you put it
where would you place it
emmeline could defuse
so like in been gone please so yeah a
lien can probably speak much better
about what people in in places like
Kabul are saying in the rural areas and
certainly in the South you know that
they don't believe that the u.s. being
as rich and as powerful as it is can
have got to this point through mistakes
and they believe this has to be part of
the plan
when I was in nangarhar recently someone
actually said and we heard rumors that
the u.s. supported Isis and then we
heard Donald Trump say it and you know a
huge event on live television to
millions of people so it must be true no
when you say that what's happened is is
evidence of their failure in Afghanistan
or incompetence they don't believe you
because they don't think the US can be
that that incompetent right and so
certainly in the in the rural areas
there are all kinds of conspiracy
theories floating around about how and
why this is exactly what what the u.s.
wanted which I think shows you how bad
it's good right and you've you've you're
one of the few reporters that is
consistently embedded with these troops
and go on to really dangerous areas what
do they say do they even consider or
care what the US thinks when they're
when they're engaged or is it is it so
much more connected to them just trying
to protect their own their own their own
land and and and is there any sort of
goodwill in the in the soldiers in the
ranks towards towards the u.s. at this
point I mean the last time I embedded
with American and Afghan forces together
there was one American Marine out of
about six hundred who was trying to stop
the Afghan police from abducting
abducting and raping young boys and they
tried to kill him by putting cyanide in
his food at the same time most us what
most Afghan security forces know that if
the u.s. pulled out tomorrow and pulled
out their air support tomorrow and
stopped conducting air strikes and then
casualties would double or treble so you
know and on the ground level there are
huge difficulties on the Nash
level in terms of the assets that the us
are currently bringing to support the
Afghan security forces and I think they
know it's it's critical and you've how
many times have you have you visited
Afghanistan in the last decade 16 or 17
times now name last time was June 2007
and and this time far and away you feel
it's worse than ever
yes especially when you think of you
know the 783 billion dollars that have
been spent to get to this point I mean
apart from the odd tarmac road and there
was almost no evidence that we'd been
there and spent that much money so so
you know that combined with with what I
saw the kind of fighting I saw yeah it's
the worst I've seen it and I hate to end
so completely kind of depressing and I
want to give you guys both the chance
but where do we go from here I mean
we've talked about kind of these ongoing
peace negotiations we talked about a
ramp up in military but but to your
point Ben we had 30,000 troops at some
point in certain areas and they're now
only sending 300 in I mean what
realistically can we expect is this
another five years are we are we engaged
in Afghanistan for the foreseeable
future for the for the long-term future
yeah if it's going to work and we are we
have to send 300 Marines to Alaska gar
but there are also now a lots of US
Special Forces there who are calling in
airstrikes and going after high-value
individuals and as I say at the minute
the policy seems to be prevent absolute
catastrophe and that's all that can be
hugged for right now in a few years time
maybe that could change I developed a
sort quite romantic and idealistic
theory when I was out there last time
cuz I spent time with with three Afghans
who I knew very well brilliant young
dedicated incorruptible individuals and
I said look it feels like there's this
new generation ready to take over and
they said effectively it's a nice theory
but we've had enough and one of them has
since been fired for confronting his
commander
a bribe so I think that says it all and
aleem can you can you just speak a
little bit about having covered this
from the ground if you do you sense that
that that that there is any hope or is
it really this this this this cold disc
old kind of realism that been speaking
to right now well the people are I mean
what I'm stating you know the people are
fed up with war I mean from the lost I
mean the sixteen years of the invasion
since 2000 among within before the
thirty years of war and and our people
are fed up and the civilians are and
paying the heavy cost of these were from
both sides we are seeing that Afghans
are being killed from a set so we think
all in not only I I think every Afghan
as an ordinary Afghan when I go and
socially meet my friends and family and
relatives know everybody think that or
is not the solution it's right below
know people very peaceful because this
kind of guerilla war will continue and
continue it should be some kind of
discipline that they want to end up
missing other words this will be going
for so many more years well that's all
the time we have today thank you so much
to aleem and and Ben and we're actually
going to end with this this this
incredibly surreal clip and it's
exclusive from from Ben's feature
tonight that's airing on HBO and it and
I think in a way it captures just every
all the amazing reporting that that Ben
anna liam have done and also just kind
of how stark the the reality of chaos is
on the ground thank you to the viewers
and thanks to Ben and allene and see you
guys soon yep landrum get Blair ahir
zaman
another my comment
yes training any ID yeah my tank I get
letters
that's the winter
