the travel industry is in the middle of
a revolution
odds are you're among the generation
skipping travel agents and popular
websites in favor of booking stays
directly with other homeowners for the
best still however air travel still
seems brighter than ever
why are you being nickel enzymes on
flights for everything from legroom to
luggage well right now we're going to
find out and as always we'll break down
the issues in fact biggest dollars and
cents I'm joined by a panel of brilliant
experts trying to answer this question
what is the business of travel why has
it become so expensive this next step
might help explain 9th or as the drop in
major US airlines over the past decade
at the same time thieves and tourists
have showed up for example baggage and
cancellation fees have increased
fivefold from 2007 to 2015 because fewer
Li and means less competition means if
bargains for the customers the airline
industry has lost fifty billion dollars
from 2000 and 2011 they've lost money
every single year since the early age
they knew they were amenable so that's
how they're making their money is from
these cancellation fees and baggage fees
air travel seems expensive now but when
you consider that it was actually
illegal for a plane ticket from LA to
New York to cost less than $1,400 in
1910 for their regulated by the
government and after the after they
became really regulated I think it's a
deregulation success story it really
drove the prices down what the airlines
do have to recoup some of that money
back Internet we also have to come back
to the customer service model it used to
be about customer service and it is no
longer about customer service
so Jennifer how can people sue point
vulcan's when the industry works lightly
well I would say if you're traveling for
leisure
don't go when everyone else is going
spring break Labor Day weekend go a
little bit off peak season go on your
first Safari during green season which
is notoriously lower prices I mean there
are ways to do it in terms of timing go
where your dollar goes far of the pound
is very weak right now places like Japan
where the yen is weak right now Bolivia
and Thailand consistently cheap
across-the-board luxury hotels in in
Thailand won't set you back very far
there's one other thing how many of you
make your reservations online everybody
ok
a loser yeah you know why because only
52% of the available inventory is online
it's only what's provided by the travel
providers they hold back so if you don't
go have a conversation with a travel
agent or an airline or hotel or a cruise
line you're disenfranchised that's a
really interesting point actually no
phones on except 238 dollars as the
average fare for a plane ticket in North
America and the best time to buy tickets
in 57 days prior to it's like garbage
it's good our budget even maybe I
couldn't agree with the more I wanna
make me audibly on that it is I mean
it's like saying come from Expedia which
is obviously a our travel filling yeah
these treaties history and I don't doubt
the validity of the information it but
it's like saying well the most dangerous
day of the week to drive is Friday G
don't you try you on try it and the
complexity of to you I think if they're
telling you to buy a ticket on Tuesday
at 3:00 p.m. and that is statistically
the best time to buy a ticket that's
just probably not true for you it was
the reason why this information is out
there because people know there's a
right time and a wrong so they think
there's a right thing so I think their
exact exists you know often airlines
update their air fares every day kill me
two hundred and seventy five thousand
times a day and they do it based on
computer models if who flew last year at
this time and how many gonna do it this
year in August and how about next year
in August and all of a sudden two weeks
from that day next August
if those fares don't month don't come up
to the model they adjust it there's okay
it's not 57 days is rubbish what is the
best time what advice would you give to
someone who's trying to like little
itinerary you just want to be able to
kind of go around those big travel spike
and can I give you one other hit that
really drove me mad we I was trying to
go from New York to Los Angeles a week
or a week later I went online and people
like when I give it two o'clock in the
morning in my bathrobe I'd have to talk
to anybody and I found a fare for like
four hundred and twenty dollars okay let
me think about so I can do it I went
back online an hour later it was five
hundred dollars wait a minute how did
that go up eighty dollars a but so the
airlines argument to me was oh it's a
very popular a lot of people lost supply
and demand I said okay well let's put it
to the test the next night of two
o'clock in the morning I went looking
for a fare four months later on a
Wednesday at eleven o'clock in the
morning in March no holiday period from
New York
des Moines Iowa and I found it fair for
$220 I went back an hour later as 260
dollars now you can't tell me there are
50,000 deranged travelers at two o'clock
in the morning determined to go to Des
Moines Iowa five months later on a
Wednesday at 11:00 a significant cookies
a night I think y'all don't know it but
listen if you're going to research it
they're online and you want to go back
an hour later either use somebody else's
computer or get rid of those cookies
okay six weeks pays cap back
conversation removal 3273 that's the
average amount of money spent on a one
person's international vacation the
average length of that trip is twelve
point six days but the maximum benefits
your mental health lasted just three
weeks
Jennifer what mistakes need to keep
looking the full maximum benefits they
can alpha tree I would say because we
have such limited vacation time we try
to put too much into our intinerary so
you go to Europe for the first time and
you want to check all of the places off
your list but it's all about letting a
destination seep in and going to maybe
one or two places and really maybe
becoming a local at a local coffee shop
and getting to know the barista there or
just letting kind of getting to the
rhythm of the daily life which is so
magical Jennifer there are risks
especially as a woman that's traveling
alone for sure definitely and an Airbnb
is a community based on trust so I would
say if you're going to book an Airbnb
make sure that that host has a really
good track record of guess what are some
of the ways that we can protect
ourselves
well definitely in the West we have
certain freedoms that some other parts
outside of the west of the world don't
have and so I would recommend just
taking a tip from the locals and if
showing skin is inappropriate then cover
up a little bit and just make sure that
you're not sticking out like a sore
thumb I'm all about meeting strangers
abroad I think it's one of the most
exciting things you can do maybe meet
that stranger in a public place a
crowded public place and maybe don't
over share your itinerary their way it's
just common sense ways but it also
starts with check-in when you check into
a hotel if the clerk at the counter
announces your room number
don't take that key just get them to
give you the room number and have them
write it down and why add that happened
to you not to me but to solo women
travelers all the time that's crazy oh
no and not only that you have a
situation where you have something
called a pushin robbery or even worse
and that is where once they know your
room number they follow you down the
hall when you get out of the
later and as you're struggling to find
your card key to put it in the slot the
minute they hear that click they come up
behind you and they push in and now
you're in the room with somebody who
definitely want to be in and you have to
do practice a little bit of preventive
medicines by asking for someone a
uniformed member the hotel to escort you
to your room when you check-in
absolutely and you can also register
with the State Department before you go
abroad and when you're going home late
at night make sure you have the name of
your hotel in the local language and get
into a metered taxi just make sure you
know your exit plan when you're staying
out late good point there's Catholic
conversational music let's consider
where your money don't when you travel
to a foreign country check this out
80 cents of every dollar spent with all
inclusive package schools does not reach
local businesses and workers how does it
happen well in Costa Rica 65% of hotels
are owned by foreigners well you know we
can vote with our wallets we can follow
the money and tourism is such a powerful
force
it's the largest industry in the world
it's one out of every 10 jobs it's
putting food on the table of so many
people in so many countries you have a
responsibility I think not as an
American but as a traveler to ask where
does the money go okay we have any other
questions from the audience let's go to
him pretty much what I'm getting from
you guys is that I usually think that
all trips weren't possible without a
certain amount of money but from
listening to you guys I feel like any
trip is possible with any amount of
money is that true I think it's a
qualified yes to your to to your
question because we were just asked we
were discussing hair fights and guess
how much it costs when I looked to go
round-trip New York to Beijing China 16
$580 round-trip but now let's put that
in perspective what's the cost of the
New York to Boston flight lunch on Delta
Airlines on the show ok not against
let's get another game 400 609 so the
point is you want to go on a 38 minute
flight to Boston which will never be 38
minutes because you're going from
LaGuardia good luck or do you want to go
to Beijing for less money I just think
it's a matter of prioritization you know
I've talked I was just talking to a
cousin of mine and I was saying oh
please come with me on this trip I went
on a cruise and I said it's 249 $249
just come on and she said well I don't
have the money which I said okay I
understand and then in the same breath
she said she just spent
three dollars and a pair of sunglasses
and I was just like okay well I said
where your priorities are and it's not
the travel is expensive you just have to
make it a priority
well you go back to what Lucas just said
two hundred and forty nine dollars it
was that for a week or three day that
was for a seven-day Colgate seven-day
groups seven it was your high $49 it was
dropped to 119 object that's less than
$30 a day you can't wake up in Brooklyn
for $30 a day this has been a great rain
40 nights target for this edition of the
degrees of life I'd like to thank our
panelists for joining us today Dean so
Jennifer and Lucas and thank you for
watching home the unit I'm a business
advisor business of life is made
possible by better money habits it's a
free resource that helps you build
practical knowledge and take control of
your questions
powered by Thank You America see more
that our money habits calm
you
