like satan may be the ultimate sharing
economy share dinners you share personal
details and possibly even your bed
but while apps like tinder bumble and
going to have simplified logistics the
dynamics seem more complex than ever do
these targeted apps cut out meaningless
tapes or shut you off from meaningful
partners are we better off financially
and emotionally
right now we're going to find out and as
always we'll break down the issues in
fact figures dollars and cents i'm
joined by a panel of brilliant experts
trying to answer the question what is
the business dating one out of every
four young people use online dating apps
and couple to me online married two
years faster on average than couples you
meet in real life they also saved nearly
$13,000 Carly how has online dating
change things I mean it's easy to now
meet people from your bedroom in your
sweatpants which just makes a lot easier
for me yeah it's cheaper we don't have
to go out to many people but also we now
have more choice I walk into a bar and I
can choose from 20 people or I can be on
my phone and choose from twenty thousand
clear why do you think it's cheaper no
well being single I used to think was
really expensive because I wanted to
meet people I would go out to bars and I
would spend a lot of money to like
drinking and like awkwardly prowling
social spaces now I do that from my bed
and adoptive sent any money Christopher
there are apps cool
religions ethnic groups in fact kind of
ethically okay you wouldn't be able to
pick your friends that way or cool it
explain what's interesting I'm married
to a woman who was raised in a half
Muslim half Hindu family in Africa right
I never would have gone looking for that
and she wouldn't certainly look for a
white guy from America so I think
there's a messiness to relationships
that sort of gets eliminated when we're
screening out for certain religions or
certain backgrounds or this or that
that's a really interesting point and
the question remains can you find us
consider these numbers one in three
American marriages begin online but in
online dating
less than one percent of replies
actually lead to the exchange of phone
numbers we actually know now that am I
getting it does not work out well for
most people on I didn't taste like
tinder worked really well for a small
percentage of people because you have to
better than average to be worth swiping
on so you have to be like have more
social status better-looking than usual
make more money have avatar job a better
education and then people who are just
like basic and normal don't do well and
on the gating actually you have to be a
little bit better than average my words
only disagree if we look at the first
statistic one in three marriages to get
online those aren't necessarily the
elite class of people who are the one in
three marriages these are individuals
who come from all walks of life and
tinder really represents the
democratization of data need people from
every educational background almost
every country in the world were dating
online
and so many people are finding success
online so the definition of success is
marriage the definition of individual
marriage is for the vast majority of the
American population marriage is what's
considered to be the gold standard in
terms of relationship success I think a
lot of people still want to get married
to me I'm gonna like what does marriage
get me like nothing first of all
actually the wedding is very expensive
and it's very expensive and annoying for
all your friends I don't feel like women
need the financial security of marriage
like they used to and also divorce is
really expensive and I just don't see
you know from personal perspective I
don't see my relationship being more
likely to last because we have this
piece of paper I think that having a
child together to me seems like a far
greater commitment buy a house together
those things may seem just like more
valuable than than the marriage itself I
think that marriage confers benefits
that are not necessarily solely economic
in nature if we look at studies
obviously the benefits for men are much
higher in terms of health long term men
who are married tend to be healthier
than their non married counterparts as
they age but now we've moved over the
past 50 some odd years from the 60s to
this idea of an all fulfilling marriage
where people expect their partner to be
able to meet their needs spiritually
sexually emotionally and intellectually
and get that all from one person their
stuff and that's not necessarily
realistic people not only have to get
different things from different people
in terms of their spiritual and
emotional needs but also they need to
feel fulfilment in themselves so if
people are going to have expectations of
marriage that are not necessarily in
line with reality it would make sense
that there would be a higher divorce
rate which we now see it's like another
question from the audience for now yeah
hello I go and use tinder a lot and but
it's actually quite a bit pricey I was
just wondering if you know if there's
any other options out there Kingdom's
free no it's free but not the dates okay
okay what do you think Jessica well it
does cost money but there are options
that you can go to that may not
necessarily be quite so expensive you
could go for a walk in the park you
could meet somewhere you could also
split the bill there are options
available to you but dating certainly as
we talked about initially is an
expensive venture I do think dating is
expensive I mean we live in New York it
drinks $16 but I also think that a lot
of my male friends are far more quick to
say I'm off tinder right now this I'm
kind of broke because they do think that
they men need to think more about
potentially paying for the bill whereas
like a woman you the most you think you
have to pay is just for yourself
good observation let's see how that
plays into these numbers so 58% of men
spend more than $50 per date during
first few weeks of dating and 65% of
women spend more than $50 per day to
prep for that date Carly do you think
women think less of a guy is willing to
split the bill or is even winning select
the woman pay I'm not sure I feel like
as someone who's you know fighting for
gender equality for women I think that
we can't pick and choose when we want to
be equal I always offer to split the
bill on a first date because you'd
actually don't know what financial
situation the guy is in especially for
the millennial generation like I don't
assume that a guy I need that my age
makes more money than me I guess women
do still make a little bit less on the
dollar but I think as for young people I
assume that I'm just as successful as a
man like I would feel like I owed him
something if he paid for my dinner but
do you guys think that they owe you
something if you pay yeah I mean I think
sit what tinder and these apps have done
is they've really I think helped level
the playing field for men and women in
terms of dating and casual sex I think
that we are more equal on setting like
tinder I think it's we're starting to
understand that we wouldn't want to date
in the same way that men want to do it
that's a really interesting point
actually leaves us on Phonics
49% that's the share of online bases who
say they're looking for marital
relationships calling up people fibbing
when they say they would have props they
actually want something more than that I
think these are looking for a broad
spectrum of things I think it creeps
people out when they say that they're
looking to get married sometimes because
it just feels like you're jumping the
gun but I'm skeptical of the fact that
they would actively say I'm avidly not
looking for marriage you know I think
they're just like feeling it out I think
people want both honestly I think most
people want a deep lasting committed
relationship and they also want the
excitement of meeting someone new and
having no strings attached it's times
out audience does anyone have a question
so I'll come to think that arm everybody
lies about something they're being
profile I just want to know from you
guys do you think it's ever okay to be
lying alive I do think it's awkward when
people put photos that are not
represented by themselves or information
isn't because then you get into a
reality situation where then you feel
like you've met someone based on deceit
and to find out to you I mean I think
the idea of catfishing is sort of a myth
I know what happens sometimes but if
someone I felt like someone lied to me
to get me to sit in front of them I
would feel awkward about the whole
situation going forward
just don't happen of them well we know
that individuals can misrepresent who
they are online that's a common
phenomena but that occurs in real life
as well the interesting thing about
online dating is that you have the
opportunity to construct an identity
online and it's not only the identity of
the person who you ideally would like to
be but it's also based upon how you
believe others perceive you as being or
how you believe other people would want
you to be or how you believe they think
that you should act and I think that the
identity that you construct should match
the reality of who you are because
ultimately if you want to move forward
with a more serious relationship the
person that you are in actuality has to
match the person that they need so you
don't think this one basically usually
it's on a practical basis well I believe
that I'm not an ethicist but I believe
at a practical level it doesn't make
sense to not represent who you are as an
individual Colley we put a lot of that
things like sexting doesn't mean that
we're going to stage I don't think
romance is dead actually I think that
something
online dating has done especially
personally for me has reconstructed
old-school dating it dynamics so before
online dating you tend to need through
work and through friends or out of the
bar and you're drunk and I don't know
when you're not going on like real date
I feel like real dates are back like if
you need someone on tinder you're
matching your meeting up with enter like
7:00 p.m. you're getting dressed up
they're sitting face-to-face at a bar
you're sober when you meet like that to
me that is an old-school day whereas for
a while
I feel like dating without that seems
like a good place to close these
editions of the difference of life I'd
like to thank our panelists for joining
us today Carly Kristin Jessica and all
the people watching home we'll see you
next time on the business of life
sobbing
business of life is made possible by
better money habits with the free
resource helps people practical
knowledge and take control of your
questions powered by based America see
more that our money habits
you
you
