this weekend North Korea celebrated the
day of the Sun a national holiday
marking the birthday of the country's
founder Kim il-sung grandfather of Kim
jong-eun the occasion is used to parade
North Korea's highly synchronized
soldiers and latest weaponry and very
few foreign journalists are invited but
we were it's been an eventful weekend in
Pyongyang but 4 a.m. on Saturday we were
loaded into a van and driven to kennel
from square in the heart of the city
getting lightly loathe miniature trucks
making their way to the streets is
actually that of Kim Jong yang which is
relatively new being in the theater and
then of course the elephant in the room
is the international media speculating
that today might coincide with the opera
six ever or nuclear test
our single negative maximum
are you worried about the event of war
or not only my into the oil tournament
over put in with rules I'm going to be
doesn't know I remember James I mean
that important to me and I'm going to
nothing we can do the same sort of
skipping Sammy pool with someone with
autism because only person sitting in I
am I finally arrived in can never happen
given I donated the press box from which
we can watch the action unfold other
than that we've been kept in the dark
which is the ravings of them out heads
all about the element of surprise
performing I do know is that the man
himself
Kim jong-un will appear some point on
this balcony above the portraits of his
grandpa and father I've been told and I
need to remove my sunglasses only
appears and flattened he be actively um
I've got some home interesting-looking
dignitaries looking behind us not just
that you should who left all rules other
than that fairly empty and keep warm
dissemble existence on military gears on
the sort of banners and flags
we don't look what's going to happen
direction they're going to come from
when it's going to start even police it
looks like the file come here today
Choe ryong-hae one of Kim Jong Un's
closest confidants addressed the crowd
Kim jong-un looked on approve
to keep this question kind of slugs and
war crime which the coming from the
direction of building the March took
place one of the tempest moments in
years between the u.s. and North Korea
the US Navy's Carl Vinson Strike Group
is approaching the penalty and satellite
photos have suggested an imminent North
Korean nuclear test
I believe I witnessing the first ever
displays of North Korea's first-ever 5
p.m. s/s which is a two second design
with an America I prasena cosmesis
obtained in his speech they will not
interest the following morning thanks to
emails from the outside world we found
out the nuclear test hasn't happened but
while we were at the parade the North
Korean military were preparing a
medium-range missile test of the country
peace and code according to the US
military the missile fizzled out shortly
after noon
sometimes proclaiming he could have been
sabotaging a US Bible often we continued
a strictly controlled press trip and
would politely ask to avoid the topic of
the failed launch
