tonight
urban warfare and moguls Democrats test
Trump in Kansas and California farms
face a labor drought North Korea
escalated its threats against the United
States today warning of a nuclear attack
in response to a u.s. Navy strike team
deployed to South Korea's coast during
annual military drills Attorney General
Jeff session towards the us-mexico
border today for the first time he
offered details on the Trump
administration's plan to fight illegal
border crossing we mean international
criminal organizations that turned
cities and suburbs into war zones that
rape and killed innocent civilians it is
here on this sliver of land on this
border where the first we first take a
stain German officials are investigating
three explosions that blow out the
windows of a bus carrying one of the
country's premier soccer teams at least
one player from Borussia Dortmund was
sent to the hospital while others were
said to be in shock police found a
letter claiming responsibility Frances
interior minister visited the ruins of a
migrant camp today to survey the damage
after a fire tore through it overnight
the government is housing some of the
displaced in local gyms while other
migrants have fled to the surrounding
woods the blaze left close to 1,500
people homeless
for slapping for Alison and via getting
glue please
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi
joined the Anne Frank Center today
in urging the White House to fire Sean
Spicer accusing him of being a Holocaust
denier after he said this in his press
briefing had a someone is despicable as
Hitler who didn't even think to the to
using chemical weapons I think when you
come to sarin gas
there was no he was not using the gas on
his own people the same way that a shot
is doing I mean there was clearly
interested in some things like thank you
I appreciate that there was not into him
that he brought him into it to to the
Holocaust Center and I understand spicer
later apologized
at dawn this morning Iraqi Federal
Police carried out punishing raids on
three Isis positions in what their
moguls killing five militants and
seizing a stash of weapons Islamic state
forces are losing large numbers of men
along with their grip on a city they
once completely control as they're
making a ferocious loss and according to
the top US commander in Iraq the battle
for Western Mosul is the most brutal
urban combat since World War two the
fighting is now centered on the Great
Mosque of al nouri in Mosul the old city
it's a symbolic site for Isis where its
leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi
made his only known public appearance of
announcing the creation of an Islamic
caliphate in July 2014
in western Muslim right now it's hard to
recognize the neighborhoods but this is
bad Alton it's been the center of heavy
fighting in recent weeks as the
frontline inches forward all that's left
behind is an eerie devastation the
buildings here are obliterated
there are no people to be seen except
the Federal Police 3rd division who are
waging a deadly sniper walk with one
slap devices a llama forward / - Allah
Arabic al la yaani Cammarata east of the
Moodle panels old battle-ax atom uncle
Mel watt enemy major Hashanah mezes lost
three men to Isis fighters in the past
week once we take the most enemies
victim profitable business men and also
men philosophy and Gianna
okay mr. full restoration of normal are
woven net over stubbornness or end but
the buildings in front of the mosque are
being defended so fast it's called the
advance in this direction grinding to a
halt Iraqi forces are now going slowly
house by house surrounding our nuri
Moscow from calling Isis in your city
Carranza theme is a sharpshooter and
brought in to try to break the deadlock
Germany Holly Charlotte husband
another lecture and then I'm not allowed
he sets up his position nine hundred
yards from the Moscow mosque is just
over there literally - it's just on the
other side of this building any Isis
positions on and they got snipers and a
lot of these you want to
almost pasted by those burgers on the
floors below the division snipers take
aim
they say Isis keep themselves well
hidden but you can see the black flag
flying in the streets below there's a
lot of outgoing now my activity again
information on the radio with fighters
Chuck across the street over there oh my
god mr. anonymous Avila Mandela the
scene hi my friend come on party time
holiday he gets on an Apple II team Opa
Locka Locka Locka come here Muhammad
jihad Molly Asahina muttering Ariana
hello Adam a little spider
this team has been firing at Isis - so
long today's that they run out of
ammunition they say some of the heaviest
incoming fire happens at night the
soldiers have been living on the front
lines for nearly six months now they've
been involved since the operation to
recapture muscle began
with the mosque still out of reach
there's a lot more fighting to come and
Isis seems prepared to keep going until
the last bullet is fired
when new presidents choose other
politicians for cabinet posts they try
to make sure they're from safe districts
so that the president's party can fill
the vacancies president Trump's picks
are turning out to be a little less safe
than advertised which is why a special
election in Kansas today is shaping up
to be a big test
CIA director Mike Pompeo is a Republican
congressman from Kansas Health and Human
Services Secretary Tom Price was
Republican congressman from Georgia and
both had really red districts the kind
of places you can generally count on to
vote for anything that breathes and
calls himself a Republican a vice news
team went to Wichita this weekend to
check in on the race to replace Pompeo
the Republican favored to win the
election
Kansas State Treasurer Ron insted we
didn't want to talk to it his campaign
for the most part ignored emails and
phone calls and had a tulip festival on
Sunday essence was not interested in
chatting thank you he gave us the
brush-off thank you yeah this isn't all
that we're breastess silence is a good
strategy changers fourth district is
reliably Republican and really reliably
Republican president Trump won by 27
points last November and Pompeyo one
with 61% of the vote but voter moods
have changed a lot since November so
Republican leadership has been
mobilizing to make sure at this wind
right to be back in Kansas Ted Cruz
campaign in Wichita Monday it's just
plain wrong
the National Republican Party launched a
negative campaign ad and
James Thomson supports abortion even as
a parent selected character River baby
hello this is President Donald Trump and
president Trump reporter robocop but I
need Republicans like Ron Estes to help
me get the job done
Democrats have proven to be so angry at
president Trump's electoral college win
that Democrat James Thompson which
should be an extreme underdogs is
raising way more money than anyone
expected from national progressive eager
to make Republicans look bad and he's
spending it by tying his opponent to a
Republican Camden's don't like here in
Kansas there's still a lot of people
that are fond of Trump so I think that
we have a referendum on President Trump
somewhat but a lot of what we're seeing
also is a referendum on how much
everybody here dislikes our governor Sam
Brownback only one governor in the
country is more disliked than Kansas
governor sam brownback according to a
new survey out this morning absolutely
every single vote counts right now so
Thompson still losing every vote but the
less he loses by in Kansas the mortal
feed a narrative of Democratic momentum
and the more national attention and
money will go to the next special
election in Georgia if the Democratic
hopeful down there is John awesome for
progressives across the country slightly
frayed Republican nerves are enough
Democrats nationally are hoping to use
these elections to signal to Republicans
that backing Trump could be a big
problem down the road in their own
elections I mean I think at this point
we've already been successful we've done
what they thought was impossible which
is turn this deep red states into a
competitive race
we all write intimate once worship
Donald Trump
but some of it most strident supporters
are rethinking the bromance after what
they see as a betrayal from the missile
strike on Syria le rÃªve has more the
alt-right is mad at Donald Trump they're
sharing videos of rants against war
mongering baby boomers posting
nihilistic declarations like if you
can't vote your way out of the decline
of civilization
sometimes with irony sometimes not
there's a misconception that members of
the outrider like regular conservatives
with more racism that's not entirely
true somewhat universal health care and
their anti-war they take Trump's America
first slogan originally coined by people
who opposed the US entering World War
two to me no more military intervention
Lawrence Evans a Canadian alt-right
youtuber who legally changed her gender
as a statement against gender identity
laws once loved Trump after the strike
she's saying that mr. president what the
 even Richard Spencer known for this
Herald from hell are people hail victory
is now saying that no one voted for this
no one voted for Donald Trump in order
for him to engage in these kinds
thankless insane military entities Trump
is
kind of dish millennial woes is a
Scottish outright youtuber we sent him a
list of questions about Syria and he
responded with the video do you feel
Donald Trump the tweeters voters and the
answer yet because the airstrike
represent our return to utopian
short-sighted and materialistic foreign
interventionism so will they abandoned
Trump forever
well this like it's such a betrayal
didn't have a lot of making up to do it
should really a very intentional in
specifically to warrant British
scientists say they've identified the
specific mechanism that makes certain
bacteria resistant to a key antibiotic
it's part of a larger battle against
drug-resistant bacteria
one of the world's most stubborn health
problems once bacteria gets in the blood
it generally can lead to what's called a
septic shock syndrome kidney failure
liver failure you can get central
nervous system issues but generally you
have a difficult time maintaining the
blood pressure of the patient dr.
Anthony stout she runs infectious
disease research at the National
Institutes of Health one of their major
priorities is finding ways to stop
drug-resistant bacteria which kill about
50,000 people a year in America and
Europe alone in February the World
Health Organization put out a list of
the 12 most dangerous of these so-called
superbugs at the top a rod-shaped
bacterium called Acinetobacter bomani
that preys on hospital patients now as
Anita bacta is generally a microbe it's
in soil and water the threat of F&E
tobacco's became very much on our radar
screen in the war wounds of our troops
that were fighting in Iraq and
Afghanistan
if you look at the rate of antimicrobial
resistance with Acinetobacter it's high
50% of them are resistant to call BAP nm
which is a very important antibiotic
that you generally treat these
infections with when they're not
resistant depending upon when you get it
you get what's called bacteremia you
have a central line in or a cassada
that's the original seed of the bacteria
and then it seeds the blood you get a
bloodstream infection you could wind up
getting septicemia and multiple organ
system failure
now she says it's a key to stopping
superbugs like these isn't necessarily
chasing them with new drugs but
targeting existing drugs against them
and trying to stop transmission in
hospitals and he thinks the PR campaign
might be working people like a challenge
so when you come out if you have whu-oh
at the CDC saying hey multiple
drug-resistant bacteria is a real
problem that's a challenge that excites
people to say well you know if I'm going
to work on something I want to work on
something that's important where what I
do will have an impact
today Xavier Zamora
a strawberry farmer in California's
Central Valley is handing over control
for plot of land to his former field
worker in hopes that he'll stick around
Jose Flores an undocumented immigrant
has been working California farms for 17
years
mr. wada is dr. Cherokee and the most
Randy wine good a massive labor shortage
of this season has forced farmers
compete fiercely for skilled hands like
him offering benefits like health
insurance childcare paid time off or in
Jose and his wife's case a piece of land
the number of field workers in
California has shrunk nearly 40 percent
since 2002 the result economists and
other experts say of tightened
immigration policy to send an improved
Mexican economy for some workers it's
changing the dynamic how does it feel to
have your own farm now the tohno-kun is
under 10 arrows to Tokyo legacy please
daddy
it is a parent opakapaka not owner
capers depended the water percent costly
crostini and on resolute a canola mine
mr. Martha see Xavier operates a small
30 acre farm with tight financial
margins and he distributes to organic
grocery stores themselves if year he has
to raise wages by 20% in order to hold
on to his other workers well yeah
because I said what happen it's an
increase that I can handle but you know
it's gonna impact the bottom line you
worry delete poached I do there's a lot
of work to do and not enough people that
are willing to do what we do some
farmers are just producing less
labor-intensive crops like tomatoes now
falfa that can be harvested by machine
instead of by hand because of the labor
shortage u.s. farms produced nine point
five percent fewer fruits and vegetables
last year resulting in about 3.1 billion
dollars of lost revenue the labor
shortage in California for agricultural
workers is extreme and we will have a
lot of small farms that can't find labor
100 miles north in Oakland
Anthony chain runs kitchen table
advisors a non profit business advisory
for small farmers we have one farmer
that we support in Watsonville that last
year she had to leave thousands of
dollars worth of strawberries in the
field because it wasn't enough labor to
actually harvest them to be able to fill
that crop farming is hard it's a hard
business but this is probably at the top
of the list of what keeps funders up at
night this has been a growing problem
for fifteen years but this summer will
be the biggest wage jump some farmers
have ever seen Amelia
workers we spoke with said people are
leaving California because there are
more opportunities in Mexico now it has
a better social safety net and coming to
the u.s. is harder than before there's a
fear of really being out in the
community putting yourself at risk
fortification even though he's making
more money than ever he is not
comfortable spending it
are you scared but he Elam you know is
there a leap or cheapos eschatologically
visi okay IRA Dada ke case can for
example see I mean bitten Pinot Noir
mochi Santa Maria no votes for evitar
improve lemma para what are you gonna do
is the shortage get worse
now we'll have to scale back so that
means less production maybe when the
quality won't be that good because we
will not be able to keep up and if that
were to happen I think instead of the
three four dollars per ton of
strawberries you'll probably pain about
1215 dollars music out right he's always
hope to see the first of us they just be
honest a it like this onion is not
finding stuff I will let my baby listen
to these are kids wow if I had babies I
would play this with my baby it's real
good vibes
you know they maybe they make them
probably want to grow up to be an
astronaut would it sound like um seven
people are just sitting around in a room
and everybody's making a noise with the
beat like somebody's like hey this
muffin is also voice these are go hard
who's like this this is Animal
Collective chatter animal Calitri
going bonkers right they go bonkers
really soft rot in the stops one's got
hard rock I don't know I like that I
like what he's saying he's it well show
me what you made of huh come alive - my
lord
hey three weeks spring cleaning 26 if I
had a deep mess around here this little
kid I'm trying to like get crawfish you
can you get from to this I can't but I
can't speak for nobody else United break
dance to this ah that's my scene tonight
for Tuesday April 11
