tonight the Republicans nuke the Senate
human propaganda at the china-us comet
and the hazy debate over ecig arrests as
I say jumping out of the fifth story as
this man is jumping out of the temple
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says
the u.s. is considering a quote
appropriate response to Tuesday's
chemical attack in Syria
Assad's role in the future is uncertain
clearly and actually he has taken it was
seeing that there would be no role for
him to govern the Syrian people
the Turkish government today said
autopsies performed on three victims
indicate they were exposed to sarin gas
and the Syrian government again denied
but had ever deployed chemical weapons
against its people a 24-hour strike
organized by Argentina's largest labor
union shut the country down riot police
fired water cannons and tear down the
protesters and made several arrests
truck and bus drivers teachers factory
workers and other labor bloc's are
protesting austerity measures and
demanding higher wages Russian police
arrested eight people believed to be
accomplices of the Kyrgyzstan born man
who detonated a suicide bomb on a st.
Petersburg subway earlier this week
investigators say they also found and
defused an explosive device in the
apartment where the suspect lived the
DNA testing company 23andme received
approval to sell a two hundred dollar
personal spit kit that allows consumers
to determine their likelihood of
developing certain diseases like
Parkinson's or Alzheimer's the ruling
marks the end of a four-year battle that
began when the FDA ordered 23 inmate is
not marketing as genetic tests concerned
the company hadn't proven its results
were accurate
Twitter is suing the federal government
to try to stop it from forcing the
company to reveal personal information
about the user of an anti-trump account
the handle alt USPIS identifies as an
immigration resistance account and US
Customs and Border Protection has
demanded the account holders name login
phone numbers mailing addresses and IP
addresses today congressman Devin Nunez
the House Intelligence Chairman withdrew
from his own committees investigation
into Russian meddling in the
presidential election after struggling
for weeks to explain why he worked with
White House staff to try and prove
president Trump's wiretapping claims the
House Ethics Committee announced that
its investigating units for possible
disclosure of classified information and
he promptly stepped aside from the
Russia inquiry it will now be led by
congressman Mike Conaway of Texas the
decision is on the other side of the
Capitol the Senate was making a change
of its own and one that's far more
enduring the clerk will report the
motion to invoke cloture after Democrats
refused to abandon their filibuster of
Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell used the
procedural vote to get rid of the
filibuster for nominees to the High
Court it's another huge blow to the
protections meant to insulate the Senate
from partisanship and outright majority
rule the filibuster was designed to let
the minority party in the Senate decide
the will of the majority party in other
words it built obstruction into the
legislative process today Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell took a big step
in yanking it back up unfortunately it
has brought us to this point we need to
restore the norms and traditions of the
Senate and get past this unprecedented
partisan
buster therefore I raise a point of
order that the vote on cloture under the
precedent set on November 21st 2013 is a
majority vote on all nominations the
filibuster has been a shield for the
minority for close to 200 years but even
some who've used it think it's time for
it to pass on I don't care if the house
goes out by 12 o'clock unless we get
that provision included in the bill the
senator will not allow that bill to come
for a vote former New York senator al
D'Amato stage the second longest
filibuster on record I always thought
that the filibuster had a proper place
in the Senate but when you abuse it and
that's what's taking place now you
forfeit your right to utilize it there
are those who think the government needs
the filibuster former Senate
parliamentarian Alan Freeman is one of
those people I got to appreciate what it
means to have at least one organ of the
federal government that works slowly and
that takes into consideration the
interests of those who are not in power
that's not a bad thing in a
representative government unlike the
House of Representatives where the rule
is majority rule the Senate allows the
minority party to have a role the
filibuster encourages compromise and can
be used to shine a light on policy for
example Senator Rand Paul used it that
way in 2013 the senator held up the
confirmation of John Brennan's become
CIA director for almost 13 hours because
he wanted an answer to this question
when I asked the president can you kill
an American on American soil
it should have been an easy answer it's
an easy question yeah
it was kind of a stunt but it brought
attention to America's murky drone
policy the filibuster allowed one
senator in the minority to stand up for
something if only the people in power
are represented the rest of us are at
the mercy of the majority and the Senate
is the one place that tells the majority
you must be careful that everybody in
this country matters this isn't the
formal end of the filibuster 60 votes
are still required to move actual
legislation through the chamber so the
minority still has
power at least that's what Senator
McConnell promised there's not a single
senator in the majority who thinks we
ought to change the legislative
filibuster not one but one of his fellow
Republicans still thinks the legislative
filibuster will be the next thing to go
the next time if we continue on the path
we're on right now the very next time
there's a legislative proposal that one
side of the aisle feels is so important
they cannot let their base down the
pressure builds then we're going to vote
the nuclear option president Trump met
Chinese President Xi Jinping for the
first time today kicking off a
high-pressure 24 hours of meetings
between the two world leaders everything
about Xi's visit to the u.s. from the
gift he'll give Trump to Xi's decision
not to say at mar-a-lago is carefully
scripted another cog in a vast
propaganda machine aimed at making the
Chinese president seem powerful and
beloved in China that includes
everything from fawning posters of the
President to pop songs affectionately
naming him daddy she
in for his big visit today China's
government left nothing to chance
bussing Chinese Americans to Palm Beach
to cheer XI on Alexander Jaffe reports
it feels a little like kids during the
summer camp but these are grown-up fans
of both she and President Trump on their
way to greet the Chinese President and
they're really excited to be there
despite Trump's tough talk on China many
of them like Lily Cummings we helped
organize the gathering are feeling good
about meeting with she's and optimistic
about his presidency overall yeah make
America great again he loved us and
loved America and here we are Harry on
us Ferguson but the event wasn't for
them it was organized by the Chinese
consulate and meant to reinforce a
positive perception of XI back at home
in that perception of course isn't
always a reality in the countries she
visits today opponents were among the
crowds that lined the streets as he made
his way tomorrow logo to protest China's
human rights abuses and its occupation
of Tibet but what matters more is how
she is perceived by Chinese citizens
especially this year when his strength
will be tested at China's Communist
Party Congress this upcoming fall he
needs to show that he's got strong
support not just in China but worldwide
that's where lily and the rest of Xi's
us Welcome Wagon comes in my last time I
haven't never had this opportunity to be
and I so close to a full president
Chinese President and you as a president
that's already such a great opportunity
parts to participate we have to keep up
this intense pressure on the border
criminals for the last 15 years Janet
Napolitano has been among the most
influential figures in immigration and
she's held some of the most paradoxical
views at the Democratic governor of
Arizona she deployed the National Guard
to the border and as President Obama's
first secretary of homeland security she
removed record numbers of immigrants
from the country but she also created
deferred action for childhood arrivals
or daca the landmark policy to protect
dreamers from deportation now she's the
president of the University of
California and she's in the center of
the immigration debate again for her
efforts to protect undocumented students
Janet Napolitano will tell you that her
positions on immigration have always
been consistent it's the debate around
her that's changed
she's criticized Donald Trump's border
wall and as president of the UC system
she's working to foster relationships
out of the border the reason for her
trip to Mexico I stand before you today
as someone who believes that knowledge
and ideas are borderless we can rise
together as people partners those of us
in California side by side with those of
us in Mexico
when it comes to her time in the Obama
administration Napolitano would rather
be remembered as protector than enforcer
is there a particular policy or
achievement from your time at DHS that
you're especially proud of you know I
think daca the deferred action for
childhood arrivals and setting up that
whole program thing
Napolitano has vowed to protect and
support dreamers on UC campuses but for
many students that hasn't been enough to
make up for her past a lot of my friends
that were like at the Berkeley campus
that couldn't be part of this experience
with me because of like legal issues
around like and documented problems it
is tragic that mobility it gets limited
in that way how do you and your
documented friends feel about Janet
Napolitano as the president of the UC
system it was really disheartening to
know that like somebody who we all know
has done some terrible things so it's
families especially immigrant families
and to like know that she's in charge of
us is really scary
part of my job at the department
homeland security was to enforce the
integration law what we tried to do was
to do it smartly and intelligently and
to put priorities on the enforcement to
enact daca to advocate for comprehensive
immigration reform is there anything
about your time at DHS not in retrospect
you would have done differently it took
us a while to get our arms around
immigration enforcement and who
recognized that there were no priorities
instituted in ice in terms of who should
you be focused on who should be deported
you know that was a difficult message to
send to our ice agents and not sure we
we got it out to the fingertips of every
ice agent out there well you certainly
tried do you mean then that in
retrospect you feel DHS under your
leadership may have deported people that
you maybe think shouldn't have been
deported you know yes were there some
people deported who didn't fall within
those priorities there probably were but
as we got our arms around ice and began
institutionalizing those priorities
those became fewer and fewer the
stepping up of enforcement immigration
enforcement
during her time at DHS as I understand
it was something of a first step to
satisfy Republican demands in order to
achieve immigration reform but that
reform never came do you look at that
calculation differently now yeah I don't
think that was the calculation I think
that the notion that there was some kind
of mega strategy that we're gonna show
were tough on enforcement in order to
persuade them that
they could do immigration reform that
that was not the calculation that's the
narrative that's out there it's
interesting to me that that was not your
yeah I noticed the narratives that
sometimes narratives and reality don't
quite match do they
yesterday president Trump's picked to
run the FDA Scott Gottlieb testified at
his confirmation hearing and senators
grilled him on a surprising new priority
ISA grits these cigarettes are now
available in thousands of flavors you
mentioned one a moment ago about cookies
and cream there's pop rocks so-called
tobacco alternatives have become a
multibillion-dollar industry over the
last few years but the science on their
safety is still out and now the FDA is
expected to implement strict regulations
on vaping that could kill off all but
the biggest players in the business
eight years ago Jeff Braithwaite was an
out-of-work ex punk rocker drinking too
much and smoking two packs of cigarettes
a day when was the last cigarette that
you smoke July 13 2009 at the time the
e-cigarette industry was in its infancy
it's about time to do braithwaite's
desire to quit smoking and a lack of
products on the market led him to create
tasty vapor one of the pioneering
e-cigarette liquid manufacturers in the
country pretty much from the beginning
was thinking in terms of a harm
reduction aspect I don't know what this
is I don't know the long-term effects
but I know for right now the way I feel
the way I'm breathing the way I'm
exerting myself the way I'm not getting
winded there's some definite health
benefits as a result of not using the
former but last year the FDA passed a
comprehensive set of regulations for
e-cigarettes mandating that every flavor
and every nicotine variation of every
flavor must undergo a rigorous and
costly licensing review we're looking at
somewhere in the neighborhood of 1.5
billion dollars for our small business
to register our products with the FDA I
don't want to be presumptuous or insult
you but I suspect you don't have 1.6
doing then I got a couple grand I'm sure
ecig arete serve only but in widespread
use for about a decade
so the research on them is limited but
no matter what side of the debate you're
on scientific studies exist to support
your conclusion the FDA which classifies
each cigarettes as tobacco products had
taken a harsh line on the now 3.7
billion dollar industry
that stance relies heavily on the
research and activism of this man the
evidence is now quite clear that using
e-cigarettes in terms of the
cardiovascular effects is looking as bad
as he's smoking a cigarette
he is actually clicking as that as bad
Stanton glance as a tobacco researcher
at the University of California San
Francisco and a longtime foe of the
tobacco industry with smoke Egan retreat
in the United States glances turned his
fire on the burgeoning East cigarette
industry to me the biggest health
consequence of e-cigarettes doesn't have
anything to do with talk the toxicity of
the product it's that they're continuing
and supporting the cigarette epidemic
use among kids is exploding
Glantz argues that while east cigarettes
might not kill you as fast as
traditional cigarettes they still might
end up killing you
Etha grits are are safer for you correct
these cigarettes are just dangerous as a
cigarette okay to say safe it's like
jumping out no safer well it's like
saying jumping out of the fifth story is
this bad is jumping out of the tenth
story but it isn't well you're still
might end up dead
doctor implants is and has been one of
my heroes in public health Michael
Siegel is a professor of public health
at Boston University and modeled myself
after him I was able to get mentorship
from him which was incredible and like
his hero Stan glance Siegel made his
name is a ferocious opponent of big
tobacco but his big tobacco retreated
the world of anti-smoking advocacy to
send it into civil war
Glantz says Siegel has quote lost all
credibility as a scientist Siegel has
denounced some of glances research as
quote unscientific illogical and
extremely damaging and destructive the
debate to me isn't about whether it's
harmful
of course it's harmful to better whether
it's less harmful exactly if I mean
heating up the liquid of chemicals and
inhaling it is not going to be safe why
am I being told that that this does not
work at the smoking cessation device
over and over by many different
organizations how are they all wrong
about this because it threatens the
ideology you know the ideology and the
anti-smoking movement is that any
it looks like smoking must be a bad
thing he's just wrong one thing that
strikes me is that any research which
supports his preordained position is
good no matter how bad it is and
anything that doesn't is bad no matter
how good it is and I think for you know
know what elective research recently has
upended a few of your assumptions of any
cigarettes about e-cigarettes nothing
has come out but but I I gave a bunch of
stuff that's come out that I'm not
agreeing I'm not no no of course there
is I think what you need to do is you
need to look as actual original research
itself this brutal ideological battle
Seagal argues is obscuring an important
message that nicotine doesn't kill
people cigarettes do I'm not counting
nicotine users I'm counting bodies I'm
worried about how many body bags that
are going to be coming out of morgues of
hospitals from people who died from
cancer heart disease to lung disease I
have based my whole humor on laughing in
bigotry classic look shaven hahahahaha
but if you don't let back it's not funny
the black the white the person mostly
the black
the AMA or C women practice a Japanese
fishing tradition that dates back at
least 5000 years with few options to
make a living
women learn to dive for abalone sea
cucumber and other delicacies to sell at
markets the AMA plunges deepest 60 feet
in freezing water with no oxygen tanks
using techniques passed from generation
to generation today of course women in
Japan have other job opportunities and
divers ranks are dwindling from 20,000
after world war ii to just 2,000 today
and a tradition unique to this country
may be on the brink of dying out vice
news followed one mother-daughter AMA
team under the waves
Hey
Oh Maureen Alyce Caron Caron and I do it
externally Amazon tada smuggled a kya -
oh no - no casino shigoto no non-dna my
Calaca photos - kilometer started a just
Aarohi Keshav over gamma beta k doll
teru kataoka more than a cup of quinoa
delicious
now you guys SOT Okayama Santino modest
economist Amazon erotic Tata newnode
economist knows a toast mo Amazon
national debt a save Akina koeda ishida
muka naka como great a team huevos bueno
to duty no see doses divorce Martinez
narrate a a no cigars characterization
origami mother Jewish you got
significant o vamos as I sang kasuga la
cama
quest Arenado semester da da da do do da
Mousa go Malta mango another gigantic
AHA Johan De Sica's a juvenile tuna in
Kui ocean Funes memory body today repent
o disorder ha de nada no God no romantic
on Simone si tengo ganas chronic toxin
phobia so decorative Ottawa economy no
jojoba eater ah y know multi-billionaire
funny
that's fights news tonight for Thursday
April thick tune in tomorrow night for
the award-winning documentary series
bite oh you can see as far as the
horizon remains of human refuse with the
problem we make a lot of plastic we kind
of use it one sort of the most twice I'm
going to get rid of it eight million
tons of that plastic goes into the ocean
every year if we carry on that rate
there would be more plastic by weight in
the ocean than fish
you
