Pepsi just released half-heartedly
defended then deleted their latest ad
it's going to need a closer look we open
on a rooftop
wait a second rewind did you catch that
clever bit of subliminal advertising
anyway the rooftop a cellist plays
before moving downstairs because his
passion for its craft needs to be
contained within four walls for a bit
below a movement is stirring people are
marching and holding signs saying join
the conversation and love so you know
this is a very specific cause they're
marching for a woman in a hijab sits in
her studio and is drawing all over her
photos she is what they refer to as a
mixed-media artist meanwhile kendall
Jenner is trying to pretend in the
commercial as in life to be a
high-fashion model but with the out of
control protests happening right next to
her she's easily distracted from her
work the chaos of the crowd also
disturbs the cellist who must be doing
pretty great as a cellist judging by all
that floor space and he grabs a
masculine black can of Pepsi and walks
out onto his balcony to witness the
historic counterculture movement below
two women eat brunch because if this ad
proves anything it's that protest is
truly the new brunch the Muslim
photographer has a moment of frustration
with all the photos she took the other
day why bother with any of these when
history is happening right outside her
door she runs downstairs grabs her
camera and heads outside to document the
horrific and bloody reality of this
March this is the harrowing story of a
city where Pepsi public assembly and
music have all been outlawed the
punishment for which is death in an
inspirational moment of public
disobedience to illegal dancers and the
illegal guitarist and illegal cellist
perform an illegal protest song in the
streets
it's a heroic moment but the unfortunate
reality is that they'll soon be arrested
and put to death the cellist now a
fugitive passes Kendall's government
sanctioned photo shoot they identify
each other as leaders of the resistance
and Kendall decides it's time to reveal
her true identity as the undercover CEO
of Pepsi Pepsi CEO kendall Jenner walks
through the crowd while at a frame other
brave protesters are being shot and
killed for the cause
Kendall manages to evade the gunfire and
finds a massive contraband stash of
Pepsi with a street value of $15
she walks to the head of her brand sorry
movement as the Muslims by shadows her
through the crowd
CEO kendall Jenner reaches the police
line illegal can of pepsi in hand and
gives the evidence covered with her
fingerprints to the police officer the
police officer takes a sip work Kendall
in the rest of the crowd erupting Cheers
they're hopeful the ruling class will
finally understand the possession of a
controlled Pepsi shouldn't be a crime
punishable by death the police officer
turns to his colleague they have all the
evidence they need the trial of kendall
Jenner will begin tomorrow drink Pepsi
