yes what shop yes my baby this is Maddie
yes she's 12 she's an energetic kid
she likes school she likes church she's
trans so why do I come up to the roof
it's relaxing comfortable it's beautiful
cuz I can see the sunset my pond my yeah
miles house and a long ways down and a
high way to see if people are coming on
my load and good Wi-Fi this is actually
Oklahoma Maddie lives here the
population is around 500 the quick check
the post office Dollar General that's it
that's the town it's also home to a
public school that serves 167 square
mile district this is the story of what
happened on the first day of seventh
grade three Wednesdays ago this new
school year starts new building new
building mm-hmm my daughter has to go to
the bathroom so she went to the bathroom
and she went to the girls bathroom and
that's when all this happened three
years ago when the family moved here
from Texas Maddie's mother says most
people didn't know Maddie was trans but
they found out when she was in fifth
grade and a teacher pulled her old
records early in 2017 the Trump
administration rescinded Obama era
guidelines that required schools to
allow trans students to use the
bathrooms of their choice in Oklahoma
that means each school has to decide how
to deal with a trans kid that needs to
pee around the same time that it that
they found out you know that she was
transgender they they called and said
that we needed to come sit down and and
they talked to us and they said she's
you know where she's not longer gonna be
allowed to use the girls bathroom that
she's gonna have to use you know a staff
bathroom and to be honest you know
I didn't care they had already showed
Maddie the staff bathroom and she was
like oh it's bigger it smells better
she was happy yeah yeah I mean she had
her own special bathroom but rumors
started to spread and so did fear when
Maddie and Cory went to the annual
father-daughter dance in April a parent
named Bernie Crenshaw wasn't happy about
it he asked her if she was a boy and she
kept saying no I'm a girl and when I
walked in she says well there's my daddy
and so I I confronted the man because
you know you're talking to my daughter
and you're a full grown man but why are
you talking to my daughter my personal
opinion is when you ask somebody if
you're a boy or a girl you're asking
what their genitalia is and I have a
problem my daughter's genitalia
it's linear business Crenshaw clearly
thinks it is his business Maddie's in a
new building this year and in the
commotion of the first day of school no
one remembered to show Maddie the
bathroom she was allowed to use so she
went were the other girls go the
Crenshaw has posted a message to
Facebook suggesting Maddie was in the
girls room to spine other girls things
got uglier and uglier from there
we reached out to the Crenshaw several
times for comment but they didn't get
back to us the Facebook messages went
viral
a protest supporting Maddie was planned
and a counter protest - it all got a
little too hot to handle so school shut
down for a couple days Jemaine I gotta
ask you what do you make of all this
stuff that's been going on past couple
weeks I don't care for it I think it's
all stupid except supporters but the
threats and that is stupid who would do
that to a 12 year old a lot of people
seem to think that you're different from
other 12 year old girls well I think
they think that everyone's different
no one's the same we're all different
and unique and special in our own way do
you feel like this is the thing where
kids get it and adults don't get it
adults some of those adults out there
they do get it but they don't support it
and that's their choice they can be
hateful what about it but they ain't
dragging me down
Maddie puts on a brave face but she's
scared the family's scared to gold truck
yeah and this is why we're moving
because of that white truck right there
it's gone someone put up a GoFundMe for
Maddie and thousands of dollars poured
in the family's gonna use the money to
get out of here as soon as possible so
where does this leave actually
James Winn has lived here for around 30
years if someone called you up and said
hey I have a transgender kid I'm looking
for somewhere to live what'd you tell
him to move here unless you're ready for
for a lot of BS and a lot of controversy
stuff like that I would say no I think
the bet they would have been better
he's they'd have told her as long as
she's got male parts she should use the
male bathroom mm-hmm when you're in
school you're a male the police pulled
us over for filming on private property
but they made it pretty clear people
didn't like the fact we were here this
being a small community they really not
big on outsiders from the calls alone
that I have to perceive that there could
be a threat towards y'all as well I have
to take it seriously at the first school
board meeting since all this happened
Maddie never came up this is her
principal we have had really really
seriously good start
the teachers the school superintendent
who happens to be married to principal
bean says the district is happy to have
Maddie on their terms you know what do
you say to a mother that says you know I
don't know well my daughter in a
restroom where somebody has you know is
a different gender in their opinion we
have one side that says that the
transgender student is what they say
they are you know period and that sounds
good it's respectful everything else you
do have another side though that we have
to deal with and
is the majority that says you know I do
not want my child dressing in a locker
room or a bathroom or whatever with
someone of a different gender so this
community just isn't ready for Maddie
which is actually kind of weird well let
me just ask you straight up like
straight out my first question I really
have for you how does this town have an
openly gay mayor hmm well the voters
went to the polls and it's just a matter
of the voters looking beyond sexual
politics and looking as to who can do
the best yet times are changing albeit
slowly and it's unfair to ever judge an
entire community by the actions of one
member it was very ugly it was obscene
and it's not needed and we we had a
school superintendent and a school board
and an entire community that agreed with
that and said no we will not put up for
that sort of behavior we're beyond that
this is the day of running someone out
of town is gone but she's leaving town
man
and I you know is I am I was sad when I
heard that I could understand the want
and need to be nearer family and I think
that's a goal that did not just
originate in the last few weeks I think
that's something that was a goal for
some time you hope that's true
I hope that's true right I always hope
for the best
there's no plan for the next trans kid
who comes along so guess what y'all we
might have found a house in Houston
actually it's have to figure this one
out for itself
you
