tonight and you guys understand why they
might not want to come back I mean this
place it looks like a prison camp it is
not a good idea to commit crime with
Bitcoin someone will be able to trace
your path back in a conference call
riddled with technical difficulties
you're helpful President Trump and
Mexican president Pena Nieto announced a
framework for a new trade agreement to
replace NAFTA and maybe even give it a
new name with one fewer country I like
to call this deal the United States
Mexico's trade agreement
I think it's an elegant name Canada
stopped negotiating with the Trump
administration but now we'll be under
pressure to come back to the table a
federal judge has blocked the company
trying to make digital blueprints for 3d
guns available online the order which
sides with a lawsuit filed by attorneys
general from 19 states and DC makes it a
criminal offense for defense distributed
to post the designs the top federal
official overseeing student loans has
left his role in protest seth Brotman
penned a resignation letter to Mick
Mulvaney his boss at the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau in which he
said the bureau had abandoned the
customers it was meant to protect an
accused Mulvaney of using the bureau to
quote serve the wishes of the most
powerful financial companies in America
flags are flying at half-staff at the US
Capitol for Senator John McCain but for
much of today the flag that the White
House were already back at full staff
then at around 4:00 p.m.
Trump backtrack issuing a statement
ordering all flags lowered in offering
faint praise for McCain his first since
the Senators death it's been a year
since 700,000 Marinka Muslims began
streaming out of northern rockin States
in Buddhist majority Myanmar turning
this stretch of Bangladesh into the
world's largest refugee camp today the
UN released a report saying the Rohingya
were fleeing state-sponsored genocide
the most serious charge that the UN can
make against the government the report
calls for Myanmar's top generals
including the commander-in-chief to face
prosecution Myanmar has justified the
crackdown as a response to attacks by
row hinga insurgents and the government
continues to deny all accusations of
ethnic cleansing color laureate and
another today today
Rosina says she was 16 when the soldiers
came to her village
they burned homes tortured and executed
the men and raped the women she asked to
cover her face with a veil and to use a
different name the military says women
like Rosina invented their claims but
she lives with the evidence I didn't
know that I was monitoring
taranovich era Bangladeshi mother
Hazara - another but that in high
character nahi desires I assume would
give a later were seen a fled to the
camps with members of her family relying
on limited aid in surviving monsoons and
disease outbreaks now a
seventeen-year-old single mother she
faces an additional hardship her
relatives have refused to accept her
child she's now just trying to get by
until she can go back to her village in
the air
here refugees live in overcrowded
conditions in an already overpopulated
country and Bangladesh is eager to find
a long-term solution in May the UN
secretly brokered a deal between Myanmar
and Bangladesh to pave the way for the
where he gets a return but the refugees
weren't consulted more hippler who was a
teacher before he fled Myanmar a year
ago says they want the military to be
held to account before they can go back
as ten million
he and his volunteers have been
gathering data images and eyewitness
testimonies in hopes of building a case
for the International Criminal Court how
many cases do you know about of rape
David day one till then 834 case
according to mo habilis records the
village of Tula Tula also known as Minji
suffered one of the worst massacres
that's too late only and this is where
850 killed one hundred and twenty seven
rapes so you're saying it's very
organized the military say someone done
knows you don't think they could have
been act together themselves yeah they
cannot even they cannot shoot one bullet
without order how do you get any kind of
legal justice for land there's no way to
have information about the people who
perpetrated this crime we know that the
people believe me sector four battalion
99 28 old you know which which units
that is a unit 99 now we have enough
evidence we already sent through the
Bangladesh good idea what do you want
from the ICC Oh to take direction
according the law like Maha Bua human
rights organisations are also building a
case for the ICC
but Myanmar isn't a signatory to the
treaty that would put it under the
jurisdiction of the ICC and
investigators haven't even been given
access to northern Rakhine State where
the killings took place to show us they
had nothing to hide
Myanmar's government invited us on a
rare trip for foreign journalists
handlers escorted us to a carefully
orchestrated 3-day agenda the first stop
was a border district where many
Rohingya refugees used to live the
Rohingya want to return here provided
that the authorities take steps to
ensure that the persecution doesn't
continue but right now this official an
administrator for a district where mass
killings took place won't admit anything
like that happen at all what's your
response to claims that there was a
deliberate strategy to push the Muslim
residents of this area I don't know
leave us and really move on see our
value Lucia voj you know
we don't get it we don't get it Julia
did you see villagers being burned by
Riley surely when we managed to get away
from our handlers and convoy we saw why
they're working you feel they have
little to return to so we just drove
past a site looked like it used to be a
village we're just gonna walk in and see
if we can get close to it these are all
places that used to be houses here but
they've been completely destroyed
there's nobody here at all one of the
things we heard about with RO hinga
villages in this part of rakhine state
was that they were burned down to make
sure that they're working it didn't come
back
so you can actually see here in the
corner there's some rip top pages of the
Koran so this is definitely what used to
be a mosque
we also tried to get to that village of
Minji also known as till Italy where
reports said a large-scale massacre took
place
so our contacts in the refugee camps in
Bangladesh you've just sent us over
what's up a map of the village of
totally where they say this massacre
took place they've actually drawn the
site of where the mass grave is
containing the bodies of those that were
killed we were able to find the cross
roads for the villages but our driver
refused to turn its Minji G the handler
came back for us when he saw a stop
among G it's really important that we go
you like to see it and it's a place this
time this time we have no time are they
hiding something in this place is there
something they don't want us to see I
don't know is that diverted oh that's
why we want to go there because nobody's
meaning that that's a place that we are
not suddenly changed to play we were
unable to reach the alleged mass graves
just like other outside observers
what the officials did want to show is
that they had built fully staffed
reception centers and we're totally
prepared to welcome the refugees back
Cucaracha total of general for another
party Samuel
you've ever seen the boots on the UN has
repeatedly criticised Myanmar
authorities for failing to ensure
conditions are safe for the Ranga but
immigration officials say it's not their
fault that the refugees haven't returned
can you guys understand why they might
not want to come back I mean this place
it looks like a prison camp and it's run
by the same people that they accuse of
persecuting and killing them in the
first place help any help I knew any mum
will you even if the Rohingya did start
to come back they likely wouldn't get
the legal recognition they seek
including citizenship Myanmar's
government actually considers them
illegal immigrants from Bangladesh
booing down low with Myanmar refusing to
acknowledge wrongdoing or the existence
of the Rohingya ethnic group the
refugees future remains uncertain this
is no man's land a strip on the edge of
Myanmar's border with Bangladesh the
5,000 Rohingya living here would likely
be the first to be returned since
they're within myanmar's boundaries they
know that the government has said they
can return but they remain in limbo
unwilling to leave the country but too
fearful to go back to their villages do
any of you guys speak English
you're afraid of the the military yo why
is still not still knocking chant
against their poverty
what kind of action according to law
international law the Solman is so many
people have been killed
nobody want to live this bad condition
this is the sound caught by a twitch
livestream on Sunday of a shooter
opening fire as players competed in the
video game tournament Jacksonville
Florida sheriff says two people died and
10 others were shot by David Katz a 24
year old from Baltimore who then killed
himself
they said he used the handgun he
purchased legally in Maryland Florida's
governor found himself weighing in on
yet another mass shooting you need to
really do something and start praying
about why why young men why this is
happening to young men
Scott offered prayers but no actual
commitments a sign he doesn't want to
get wrangled up in the gun debate again
two of the 10 deadliest shootings in
modern US history have happened in
Florida while Scott was governor in 2016
after a shooter killed 49 people at the
post nightclub in Orlando with two
legally purchased high-capacity weapons
Scott didn't want to talk about gun
control the shooter had pledged
allegiance to Isis and Scott focused on
that we're gonna destroy Isis ready to
stop radical Islam Florida Democrats
tried to hold a special session to pass
legislation that would have prevented
people on a terror watch list from
buying guns but Republicans prevented it
less than two years later a teenager
with a semi-automatic rifle targeted a
school in parkland Florida killing 17
this time nudged by survivors Scott's
message was different everything's on
the table and who didn't just respond
with words
in March Scott signed a bill that
included raising the minimum age for
buying a gun from 18 to 21
creating a waiting period for most gun
buyers banning bumm stocks and
tightening measures for those with
mental health problems
the NRA sued but gun control advocacy
groups including the Giffords law Center
which had previously given Florida an F
for its gun laws were pleasantly
surprised Florida made significant gains
in its gun safety laws this year and we
applaud Governor Rick Scott and the rest
of the state legislature for that
Florida still has a long way to go to
enacting some of the most common sense
gun laws like background checks on
private sales and regulations of assault
weapons even if you wanted to right now
Scott probably won't have an opportunity
or a motive to enact more gun control
legislation Florida's legislative
session just ended and they're unlikely
to reconvene he's also one day away from
a primary for US Senate and a few months
away from what's expected to be a
competitive general election any shift
to the left could piss off people he
needs support from like the NRA
there were so much news this weekend
most people just totally missed that
there was a meeting of the Democratic
National Committee going on in Chicago
members there made a small but important
decision the eyes overwhelmingly habit
and the report and the church is adopted
drastically cutting the importance of
what the party calls super-delegates
in 2016 Democrats selected their nominee
using two kinds of Delegates the first
are pledged delegates when you vote in a
Democratic caucus or primary you're
actually voting for a delegate will go
the Democratic convention and pledge to
vote for the candidate he or she is
assigned to based on the state's primary
vote total or caucus result the second
kind of Delegates Democrats use are the
so-called super-delegates
these are delegates with the super power
having been elected to office or holding
a role in the party so like Bill Clinton
super delegate chair the Democratic
Party in Illinois super delegate until
now think about for whoever they wanted
you at the convention super-delegates
are literally the Democratic
establishment pledged delegates
represent the regular old Democratic
voter which as you might imagine made
the super-delegates issue a key
flashpoint the Democrats ongoing civil
war at the start the 2016 primary
Hillary Clinton had the support of just
about every super delegate she was the
Attalla frantic after all so when Bernie
Sanders announced his bid he had no
super delegates that meant when this
process started in Iowa Clinton had a
huge lead already the supers for the
most part stuck with Clinton the
the entire primary that left a lot of
birdy people feeling like the system was
rigged against them a perception that
has lingered for about three years now
so over the weekend committee members
voted to on rigged things or at least
try to end the perception that things
are rigged in 2020 super-delegates will
only be able to use their super power if
no one candidate has enough pledged
delegates to win the nomination outright
that means the convention has to move to
a second ballot super-delegates can now
only use their power in that second
ballot this is a change all sides of the
Bernie Clinton debate can believe in
at least at the party activist level
Michael Blake is a vice chair the DNC an
elected member of the State Assembly of
New York a super diligent he's happy I
do think that allows us to heal him
award and I equally think that the fall
of 2018 being a national opportunity
where everyone can exercise their energy
simultaneously will be the next
opportunity for us to you know Mickey
Coast is a big time Bernie person and
one of the people the Bernie side chose
to help reform the DNC she's happy to so
I think if anything it creates a more
fair process and that the media won't be
counting that number which in turn
affects the psychology like how polls
you sometimes write on the psychology of
voter turnout in some states which
affects delegate count the regular
delegation ultimately you know this
should be this party at the grassroots
we shouldn't be anointing anybody
what is the Bitcoin it's a technology
the navels people to move money around
anonymously it's harder to trace and
it's so anonymous 100% untraceable
people like to think that bitcoin is
anonymous afternoon but buried in last
month's special council indictment of 12
alleged Russian spies is an explanation
of how law enforcement tracked and
identified the suspects using their
cryptocurrency transactions the
defendants used a network of computers
around the world and they paid for it
using crypto currencies one blockchain
developer was also able to trace Bitcoin
purchases back to Russia's Intelligence
Agency the GRU using only public
information he agreed to show vice news
how almost anyone with a Bitcoin wallet
could do something similar it is not a
good idea to commit crime with Bitcoin
because the moment you have one single
weak link in your operational security
all of your history is now exposed as
we've seen in case after case indictment
after indictment where they're shutting
down drug trading exchanges that are
operating illegally it's not just
traceable it's trivial to trace these
things the Russian agents work on behalf
of the GRU used Bitcoin as part of the
moment exactly as part of the mole
investigation it lists out several
counts count 10 very specifically talks
about how these Russian operatives from
the GRU used Bitcoin amongst other
cryptocurrencies to buy services needed
to perform the alleged hacking there was
a very specific call-out for a certain
transaction amount that occurred on a
specific date
when you went back into the blockchain
and looked at it you can literally say
all right there was a transaction for
0.026
zero for three Bitcoin that's a very
specific number right so you're saying
that because you looked in the
indictment and saw the exact amount of
Bitcoin that they used that Russian
agent was the only one to spend that
exact amount a Bitcoin in that 24-hour
period right exactly what if you wanted
to trace back my Bitcoin payments do you
think you can do that if you gave me
some starting data yes so let's try it
okay
so I think I have like thirty dollars in
Bitcoin here sure so this VPN here costs
$4.95 that's a very specific Bitcoin
amount it's already on the blockchain
this is the destination you sent it to
this is the address it was sent from I
can see that this wallet actually had
transfers of Bitcoin from this wallet
here an intermediate wallet this is not
an exactly a normal address if you look
at the number of transactions it has 118
transactions related to it and in fact
this looks like a coin base the first
thing a law enforcement might do is say
okay this looks like an exchange I
should go see if I have a record of this
and any other transactions we've looked
at if it is an exchange we go subpoena
the exchange suddenly I know your name
address because you had to submit your
driver's license to start buying the
coin in the first place so because all
these transactions are listed and
they're all verified by encryption and
math sure all you can really hope to do
is obscure your footsteps right someone
with enough time and dedication will be
able to trace your path back let's say
I'm using Bitcoin but I'm like you know
the feds they just keep getting me what
what is better than Bitcoin cash let's
pull your best bet for anonymity why is
cash better as in real life if you go
meet someone in a dark alley and you
hand over cash and there's not a camera
nearby transaction is over
I mean it's so nice and symmetrical just
to have one right there I think if we
get two we're gonna just have to put
them in storage or something also there
I mean I don't know if you've seen an
Emmy there are two like Angel women who
are like yeah this it's gorgeous
so I think I could have the two angel
women speaking to each other which would
make my office pass the Bechdel test
tonight voting closes for the 70th
annual Primetime Emmys and mega dam Ram
a renowned writer on Parks and Rec and
Silicon Valley and the good place is up
for two awards in categories that have
nothing to do with that work action hi
my name is Megan Amram but a
fictionalized version of myself for this
web series I was watching the Emmys last
year and there was a category called
outstanding actress in a short form
comedy or drama series and I thought to
myself wow I could win
there are 119 Primetime Emmy Award
categories and Amram cherry-picked the
most obscure ones then crafted a
webseries about her desperation for an
Emmy what point does real Megan end and
fictional Megan begin where's the line I
would say that definitely something
fictional Megan and real megan shares
that we both really wanted at me I'm so
blown away by how many people have been
like Megan do you actually want an Emmy
or is this like a big joke I'm like no
of course it's not a job of course I
want the Emmy I don't know how many more
times I can say it I've said it in the
title the web series I said it hundreds
of time in the web series my life would
be fine without having an Emmy but it
would be markedly better if I had one
is this a intervention this
year's cost Amram about $5,000 and lasts
a total of 30 minutes it's been viewed
over half a million times but given her
ultimate goal that's barely relevant the
very fun thing about this has been that
we shot an Emmy for Megan in one day and
then I've spent weeks now and so much
money trying to publicize an Emmy for
Megan all-in she spent more than $12,000
on stands lawn signs and flyers I really
have no idea who will be showing up to
this
oh there it is oh my god there it do see
it's right there and there is a line of
people this is amazing I really crushed
it I hope you're here for the signing
and not just hanging out on the street
I'm so excited that all these people are
here thank you all for coming we have
good contingency plans if the fire
station tells us to get off their
Bradford here it truly like has now
started blurring the lines of what if it
is the joke anymore I'm actually just
sitting here signing things I dunno what
are you gonna do with those signs for
all of Ayn Rand's campaigning she's
hardly a sure thing she's up against
short form webseries from James Corden
Grey's Anatomy in the walking dead if I
lose I mean I'm not gonna like make us
see and I'm gonna be happy for whoever
wins but I've learned a lot from this
year and I will be coming back even
bigger and better I really want young
girls in America to know that they can
just ask for what they want you don't
need anyone to be there to say that it's
okay to do something you just need to
read the rules and make sure you follow
them so you don't get just qualified but
then you just surround yourselves with
people who believe in you and you just
do everything and I need that you can
just go do whatever you want and just
make sure you think of it before anyone
else does
you
you
