a law enforcement tactic called civil
asset forfeiture allows officers to
seize property like cars or money from
anyone suspected of committing a crime
it's a useful tool for federal agents
fighting drug cartels but a new report
from the inspector general at the US
Department of Justice raises concerns
about local police who work with federal
task forces using the same tactic
without proper training in states like
Texas there are already growing
complaints about asset forfeiture and
the issue is uniting two groups who
don't usually get along lawbreakers and
conservative politicians I got arrested
back in March of 2016 and y'all are
trying to seize my vehicle I was just
wondering where my vehicle is now in
March of 2016
Mindy says she was pulled over in
Lampasas Texas for flashing her brights
but that instead of issuing a ticket the
cops searched her car what did he say
when he came up to the car I smell
marijuana and what happened after they
searched the car well they found the two
resin balls and they first tried to
charge me with heroin and I was like
opening a bag and smell it it's
marijuana and then here he did it and
you look at it and he's like oh it's
hash Mindy swears it was weed the cops
and sister was hash but this isn't about
how Mindy likes to get high it's a
better 2004 Jeep Cherokee which the
state of Texas is fighting in court I
didn't even have enough room like to
sell I had no bag using a scale nothing
in the car and that would indicate that
he's my dog I take them to Bull Creek
all the time and the Jeep was big they
liked him in it I could put the seats
down after the cops took her car Mindy
couldn't get to work and eventually lost
her job as a personal assistant with no
money coming in she had to move out of
her apartment and sleep on friends
couches it's been a year and she still
doesn't have her Jeep back the Sheriff's
Department took Mindy's car through
something called civil asset forfeiture
which allows law enforcement to seize
property without actually convicting
anyone of a crime it dates back to the
1700s when it was used to see ships
transporting illegal goods in 1978
Congress expanded the practice so
officers could hold on the drug money
expanded it again in 1984 so cars homes
and all other private property would be
fair game today law enforcement say it's
the most effective way to fight cartel
leaders who are really good at covering
their tracks making it more difficult
for law enforcement to seize large
amounts of the cartels money only
benefits the cartels the illegal
enterprise we don't want to help the
cartel we want to help the citizens in
law enforcement
sheriff Evanson doesn't have to deal
with the cartels very often he's the
sheriff of Roth Ball County which is
about 200 miles from line passes it's
the smallest county in Texas and it's
nowhere near the border but he's serious
about drug crime hurting the cartel
about taking their assets away from him
is just a benefit to the officers in the
department and the citizens of our
County and of our state what are the
chances that something inside of one of
these lockers was seized through civil
asset forfeiture yes not now no we have
we hadn't done anything like that
recently the sheriff never expected to
become a national spokesman for the
practice he says his department only
seizes property about three or four
times a year but then this happened
we've got a state senator in Texas he
was talking about introducing
legislation to require conviction before
we could receive that forfeiture money
and I told him that the cartel would
build a monument to him in Mexico if he
could get that legislation a higher why
his name will destroy his career it's
unclear who exactly sheriff Evenson was
referring to but the most comprehensive
asset forfeiture reform bill in Texas
right now was introduced this past
December by State Senator Connie Burton
when you've got something in place that
allows government to not only cease but
potentially forfeit their property
without a criminal conviction something
is wrong there and I'm gonna push back
because we need to protect the rights of
innocent victims burton's bill would ban
officers from permanently seizing
property if the owner hasn't been
convicted of a crime it's created some
unlikely alliances burton is a member of
the tea party but conservative and
liberal organizations have both been
vocal opponents of civil asset
forfeiture for years did you expect
before coming into office that there
would be issues like this where you are
very much on the same side as like the
ACLU as all these different you know
organizations that in many ways exist on
the complete opposite side of the arc
right so certainly not before my Latin
my first session I did not know but
after being here and getting involved in
the criminal asset reform issues I was
like you know oh my goodness common
ground that's what it's about let's work
together and move forward for the good
of everyone one of the biggest concerns
for lawmakers like Connie is that the
policy incentivizes cops to seize as
much as possible in Texas police
departments usually get to keep most of
the cash and the revenue from selling
cars and it adds up in 2015
Texas collected roughly 53 million
dollars from civil asset forfeiture more
than 36 million went to law enforcement
agencies there's a lot of positive
things we can do with that money that
keeps the citizens of our County and the
citizens of our state from having to
spend money out of their tax dollars to
pay for something that we were able to
make the cartel pay for how would you
characterize the difference between what
opponents of civil asset forfeiture
imagine happens in terms of due process
and what actually happens I think it's
just the fact that they're uninformed
and they've heard stories I've heard
people talk about well I know this
happened but when you get them to give
you specifics they can't do that for it
Mindi can't offer specifics about her
car because no one will talk to her
about it
the Lampasas district attorney never
returned her call instead she heard from
her lawyer's office so learn pass this
won't talk to me at all
they said they would not okay and they
want they made contact with us to call
you and let you know that they're not
going to think okay they won't talk to
me because that criminal case is still
pending even though the judge granted it
technically they haven't dismissed it
yet because they're waiting for the DA
you see if they appeal it why could they
just talk to me again it's my Jeep
awesome
