tonight the intelligence community speak
Greece's disenfranchised youth it needs
an awesome nation and Hitler the drug
addict
the US government reportedly ordered a
dozen international airlines to ban most
electronics and carry-on luggage
effective immediately
it applies to direct flights to the
United States from the Middle East and
Africa and all devices apart from phones
medical instruments Royal Jordanian
Airlines cited a directive from quote
concerned u.s. departments when it made
the announcement the US Army announced
it sending more than a thousand soldiers
to Poland as part of a newly unveiled
NATO strategy to combat Russian
aggression in Eastern Europe formulated
in the wake of Russia's 2014 annexation
of Crimea the Syrian government has it
used the surprise offensive to retake
Damascus suburbs captured by rebels over
the weekend rebel fighter has made it
farther into the capital than any time
since 2012 using tunnels to sneak into
the government stronghold Mexican
investigators say they're working to
identify
47 goals uncovered in the mass grave
allegedly used by drug cartels last week
family members of the missing found
another mass grave with 250 bodies in it
they said they were searching sites
themselves because the government
wouldn't
confirmation hearings began today for
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch
versus didn't face questions in today's
session but then a Republican by and
large came to his defense while
Democrats made it clear they'd fight
against his confirmation your nomination
is part of a Republican strategy to
capture our judicial branch of
government that is why the Senate
Republicans kept the Supreme Court seat
vacant for more than a year despite all
of this you're entitled to be judged on
the mayor's
come--and director of the National
Security Agency Miraj FBI director James
Comey and NSA director Mike Rogers
testified in front of the House
Intelligence Committee today at the
first open congressional hearing on
Russian interference in the American
election Kony put to bed the question of
president Trump's wiretapping allegation
with respect to the president's tweets
about alleged wiretapping directed at
him by the prior administration I have
no information that supports those
tweets and we have looked carefully
inside the FBI
the question of Trump campaign collusion
with Russia he knew why don't they want
to make Comey confirm that a classified
investigation is underway but would say
no more Reid Josh first reports from
Capitol Hill you did and forceful pleas
for stronger action against Russian
belligerent no one really expected Jim
Comey to come down and give away all of
the details of the FBI's investigations
into Donald Trump so the fact that he
was willing to even acknowledge that
there was an investigation was a major
victory for Democrats I have been
authorized by the Department of Justice
to confirm that the FBI as part of our
counterintelligence mission is
investigating the Russian government's
efforts to interfere in the 2016
presidential election and that includes
investigating the nature of any links
between individuals associated with the
Trump campaign and the Russian
government and whether there was any
coordination between the campaign and
Russia's efforts but Comey was careful
he didn't give the Democrat too much to
stand on refusing to answer their many
questions about what former Trump aids
like Paul Manafort
and Roger stone might have known and
when do you know who Roger stone is
generally yes are you aware that he was
a partner of Paul Manafort mr. Schiff
I'm worried we're going to a place I
don't want to go which is commenting on
any particular person and so I don't
think I should comment I'm aware that
leaves Democrats forced to try to
continue to connect the dots using open
information and unverified leaks and
Republicans for their part to try and
turn the story into more about the leaks
itself
than the possibility of collusion I'm
just simply asking you to assure the
American people
you've already assured them you take it
really seriously can you assure them
that it is going to be investigated I
can't but I hope I hope people watching
know how seriously we take leaks of
classified information but I don't want
to confirm it by saying that we're
investigating it and I'm sorry I have to
draw that line I just think that's the
right way to be the intelligence
committees will continue to investigate
and the same committee that held today
is low information hearing hold another
one next week on March 28th Comey for
his part he offered no insight into when
we might know the results of the FBI's
investigation that investigation he said
it just started last July by the
standards of counterintelligence that's
basically just beginning the Trump
administration left its mark on the g20
summit this weekend Treasury Secretary
Stephen minuchin refused to sign on to
the group of 20 stance against economic
protectionism that opens the door for
the administration to levy tariffs or
import taxes against other countries but
that aggressive trade position could
make things harder for us exporters
including wheat farmers in Kansas who's
facing record low prices were hoping to
unload a surplus in a new foreign market
David Rotenberg has been a wheat farmer
here in class in canvas for 30 years he
grew up working this land with his
father and hopes to pass it on to his
daughter my family generally has been
here probably since 1920 arason luster
this land is how he fed his family and
paid his medical bills often he lost an
eye to cancer just knowing that the
generations that have farmed here and
worked this ground I appreciate the work
that they did
but David's been trying to survive one
of the worst downturns to hit add
country in decades a global glut of
wheat and a strong US dollar means that
the 20,000 wheat farmers here in Kansas
are selling that crop at record low
prices how hard are you feeling this
crisis up pretty hard the wheat price I
think it was like 350 in our local
elevator week before last it was to 75
to 80 a bushel that's down from a
national average of seven dollars and
seventy seven cents a bushel just a few
years ago David typically makes around
25 to 30 thousand dollars a year the
last year his farm lost close to 50
thousand dollars a thing so bad that
you're actually considering quitting
farming yeah I have thought about it the
market from here to see in this farming
community where schools have started to
go out of business and banks are slowed
down on lending the canvas region's
youth is looking for ways out of the
crisis
the deals with everything from seed
genetics to create gluten free grains to
explore new foreign market and
researchers here think there's a
solution to the surplus on an island
1,800 miles away wheat farmers would
love to resume trade with Cuba because
it just makes sense you have this
country right off the coast of the
United States logistically it's easier
for them to get wheat from the United
States right now they get all their
wheat from from Canada and Russia how
much could she brought to help out the
bottom line of pharmacy if we're talking
30 million bushels of a week that we
could export overseas depending upon
what the foreign price is you know if
it's $3 or $4 a bushel it has it starts
having an impact candidate Republican
senator Jerry Moran been to Cuba three
times and has clashed with members of
his own party by pushing for open trade
with Cuba for nearly two decades
we tried the embargo incidentally a part
of the problem with the embargo is its
unilateral
when we don't sell wheat to Cuba it
doesn't mean that it prohibits anybody
else from selling wheat as you indicated
the road ahead will not be easy
President Obama started opening
relations with Cuba the President Trump
is threatening to terminate the deal on
Human Rights grounds I mean we thought a
president right now who is ardently
protectionist I mean your slogan is
America firm in rural America in Ag
country America first would mean the
fail of what we produce here around the
globe senator Moran says he's going to
keep pushing the Trump administration on
the Cuba issue and won't stop fighting
for farmers like David who voted for
tropical farmer but this bill we're
going to receive inertia many not easily
be able to go out and do your work David
says he's hopeful that this new
administration will come through for him
if trade were better between Cuba and
the United States how would that impact
your bottom line well it's sure not
going to hurt anything every little bit
helps pride comes into play as well you
know I can say
hot-diggity-dog I don't even some more
people nourishing some more young
children and so that they can grow as my
children in rona today the Greek
government is in Brussels trying to
qualify for yet another round of bailout
loans from EU creditors while answering
charges that they haven't complied with
the terms of emergency funding that's
propped up the country since 2010
failure to comply could lead to another
financial crisis for an economy already
crippled by eight years of mass
unemployment it's hit young people
particularly hard
a staggering 45% of 15 to 24 year-olds
can't find jobs and conditions are even
more alarming so those ready to begin
their professional careers a full 30
percent of reasons
be educated 25 to 34 year-olds are
unemployed and those lucky enough to
find work are often doing unskilled
low-paying job
Phoebe Greenwood went to meet the young
Greeks fighting for work in the future
in my neighborhood
we're close to my house that's where I
grew up Maria Tarantino is 28 these five
languages and has three degrees in the
past year she's been working in a call
center in Athens being paid by the hour
he still lives with her parents
humanizes Park with them
come check out my bedroom how cool this
is basic weird that's your top bunk over
yeah we used to thing with my brother
that we will be able to leave by the
time we finish school but that never
really happened what did you think you'd
be doing when you were 28 years old
that's really funny because like when
when I got in the university like
ingress or not so bad we didn't even
have financial crises back then year by
year it just got worse and shocking if
you would be living in life that you
thought you're gonna be living at
University what would you be doing well
I always wanted to be a translator
interpreter how far away are you from
reaching the point where you're like
okay I've tried Greece I'm gonna have to
look elsewhere like nice clothes Maria
considers herself lucky she earns around
500 euros a month at the cool Center and
the salary arrived in full which means
he's better off for most of her friends
I remember having friends that I would
call in
like all right do you want to go out
tonight they were like yeah right but
one of them is like I don't have a heart
like okay I will drive but I don't have
gas but we will all put money and gas
and it will be one drink all night
so this because people see young Greek
going out having fun definitely means
that the whole life is like ideal almost
140,000 graduates of left me since 2010
54% younger than 30 those who have
stayed are looking for alternative ways
to make living
Greece's agricultural sector has been
one of the few to grow during the crisis
gaining 32,000 2008 and 2010 an EOTech
catalyst with a mechanical engineer in
Athens as the recession deepened he
decided to bring his wife and young
daughter back to his family vineyards on
the island of Chios and the inventor
himself is a wine maker they arrived
just as the government introduced
capital controls across the country in
all - for me also creative ability the
feeling of living can come back agreeing
huh now I think it was a good decision
finally do you think it will be
impossible to completely start anew
critically in something like wine
production if you didn't have the family
here the family land period he's
impossible
whoever does this not crazy
25 year old Kosta ceteris has been
unemployed and he graduated three years
ago he earned some cash in hand by
tending grapes for the vineyard he has a
degree in chemical engineering
Kumarasamy in the videos machine not
disturb me I wouldn't give up hope your
friends who you went to university with
here you grew up with
how many of them has been able to find
job a home inaudible suppose an updated
Greece's left-wing syriza government is
trying to persuade the World Bank and
Greece's lenders to support a scheme
that will create four hundred and fifty
thousand temporary jobs at a cost of 3
billion euros but with growing calls for
further austerity cuts from Greece's
creditors this scheme in the future of
thousands of Greek graduates is far from
secured what is of great concern of
course is that yes the unemployment rate
among the young now is 46 to 48 percent
but what is important is to think about
what happened to a young person that has
not had a first-time work experience and
by now 36 years old it is a lost
generation
I cannot imagine like waiting waiting
and I know exactly like the work wait
here the best years of my life mostly
years of my life in the country that
doesn't
much is known about Adolf Hitler he was
vegetarian partial to the toothbrush
mustache and a failed artist but is the
new bestseller blitz report an
incredible detail Hitler was also a
hardcore closeted junkie ingesting mass
amounts of narcotics for much of World
War two as was most of the Third Reich
how do you know that Hitler was on drugs
in Germany we keep records of everything
and I was fortunate enough to find the
records the notes of tail Mohan was the
personal physician of Hitler is a nurse
or an aspect of it that's like a
Rorschach test like it requires like
what does it say about you that you look
at that evidence you're like oh it's
totally drugs as a novelist and as
someone being hardly socialized in
Berlin in the 90 worked certainly I'm
not as alien to me and my field of work
or life or research as they might be for
a tweed wearing historian in a small
German or British town
so maybe it had to be an out-of-the-box
person to to go that - to approach it
that way dr. marell was a well-paid
celebrity doctor of the thirties who are
the pioneer in treating people with
vitamin he was a sort of man who when
the war started designed himself a fan
kissing uniformed the lavish SS belt
buckle that the SS forced him to remove
it was an important part of the rule
occult to portray Hitler as a teetotaler
who wouldn't even drink coffee
who wouldn't smoke the cigarette no
alcohol no meat the problem started in
1941 in August when Hitler for the first
time became sick and morale gives him a
hormone injection and gives him an
opiate for the first time 43 when he
gets an opiate called a coda which is
very strong stronger than heroin with a
very strong euphoric making effect we
now know kudos oxycodone which Hitler
was mainlining but the pure wasn't the
only one who was high during the war
there's a lot to be found on the meth
abuse by the German army methamphetamine
reduces your need to sleep and also
reduces your fear this actually happened
before the attack on France for the
campaign in the West 35 million dosages
of methamphetamine were being shipped to
the tank troops West was sure that any
army in the world is just what human
nature is has to rest at night which the
German just didn't do the mess that was
so successful in early companies would
eventually fail them later and in 1944
the Brits bombed the factories that made
the drug Hitler and his doctor found
themselves at odds we all know what
happened to Hitler
shocker we're at at one point right in
45 it's sending two of his aides on
motorcycles through bombed-out Berlin in
order to find pharmacies that still had
drugs in vain when he cannot even give
hitting a strong drug on Hitler's
birthday April 20th 1945 Hitler fires
and a few days later but the painting
Hitler and his cronies as drug addicts
humanized the Nazis it's very important
to realize that politics the planning
has nothing to do with drugs drugs were
used later on in the war effort but with
drug left and the responsibility and my
conclusion is that smites you tonight or
Monday March 20th
