Romania is one of the most corrupt
countries in Europe ten days ago
hundreds of thousands of people took to
the streets to protest the government's
recent attempt to decriminalize
political graft those demonstrations
continued today and the minister behind
the bill has been forced to quit but
Romania is also plagued by insidious
corruption in everyday life especially
within the country's health system
the mistrust and anger feeling this
week's mass protest can be traced to
this place the collective nightclub
where a fire broke out in 2015
64 people were killed officials
including the city's former mayor and
now being prosecuted for ignoring safety
laws Mariana was trapped in the
nightclub fire she left with burns to
80% of her body and her left hand had to
be amputated
I have one message for the government
this one the fallout also revealed gross
inadequacies in Romanian health care
system hospitals treating victims like
Mariana were found lacking in hygiene
medicine and equipment debris was a
journalist a militant Singapore
investment return yen on the municipal
or rational originally intact
polarization mode and como very honest
our photographer in ER imam open focuses
on Ookla topic to rob military gyration
adjust your life has changed so much and
you have to take into consideration what
happened every single day she put the
blame anyone soul she owes me Nevada to
deportation
Negreanu president of Bhutan Cobb the
shaman and what he said after a corpse
here
I'm professor supply criminal for the
Java lucre government in general my role
she camellia Roy you is a specialist and
dr. Antle whistleblower
she claims that the poor state of
hospitals is a result of nepotism
corruption and miss allocation of funds
Tonga's an adopted in Oman ESA and
general control a politic party fulfill
a certain inclusive manager hospital in
Kosovo
Mini's to listen to push politics
54 neither nice turbine that woman for
no philosopher gentle HM no last July
she filmed him Elise this video to
expose the disturbing levels of neglect
in the public hospital she works in the
whistleblower says that poor hygiene led
to an infection which contributed to the
death of the patient then make you
regret going into this profession la la
momentous a stinker yeah trauma 4-0
sister the mr. bored fast beneath the
hood then is the woman cutter you have
any hope to the Future come atenci√≥n
Damas due to suit a they need a woman he
carries all friends to support SSA
option Chico
yes balance doctors like camellia in
Romania arms paid much as a result
bribery is common patients are sometimes
forced to pay money into the table in
order to get the treatment they need
officials refused by sneezes requests to
film inside the hospitals for outside
them it's not hard to find people angry
with the system did represent one in
philosophy of a mafioso men that means
others are generally a certain one in
each in Parliament opacity novelist Adam
why don't you he must be color
completely in your columns such as in a
journey me that widely felt frustration
is the reason why Mariana and other
demonstrators say they'll continue to
put pressure on the government's Mariana
says she'll keep protesting until she
sees change I also put a 30th
anniversary Samba quilted as super Luke
recession and replaces the bottom rule
of Assisi mathematical geniuses have
assumed opposite
you
