20 million people are facing famine in
Nigeria South Sudan Somalia and Yemen
the UN is calling the crisis
unprecedented and says it will take more
than four billion dollars to provide
adequate help in Somalia half the
population is running short on food
after too bad growing seasons and
cholera and other related diseases
caused more than 200 deaths during the
first two months of this year
gianna toboni reports from the
northeastern somali state of Puntland
it's hard to overstate the imminent
crisis here right now we're talking
potentially hundreds of thousands of
people who could die from a lack of
basic clean water and food but this is
different from other droughts that have
hit Somalia in East Africa in 2011 two
hundred and sixty thousand people died
in Somalia alone but that drought just
affected certain regions of the country
this one is affecting the entire country
and the people that we've been speaking
to over the last few days have said
they've never experienced anything like
this we were driving through the desert
yesterday we only saw animal carcasses
and abandoned huts and then we came
across one man his name is Ali he had
been walking for hours in search of
clean water I thought about I was
holding it so long as the other guy
company took us over to the emergency
about it although we might see together
matadores oh ho oh it's a new quarter
Holly that's our granny Jenna had the
tea house on my tent
the numbers already are staggering about
6.2 million Somalis are in need of aid
right now that number is likely to
increase around three hundred and sixty
thousand children are severely
malnourished that means that if they
don't get food they will not survive
children are the most vulnerable in
situations like this we went to a clinic
the other day we met a woman named
marina Ali who had traveled 12 hours
with her grandson Achmed he would do a
ham okay and my shoe buddy a
multi-episode Africa come up and I you
know I had to because if you have towns
like this one are already starting to
build graveyards for children this is
one right behind us the first child was
buried here at just three weeks ago and
since then 31 other children have been
buried here the UN says that the
make-or-break element at this point is
rain the rainy season is supposed to
start in a few weeks but the forecasts
say no rain so unfortunately this crisis
is likely to get much worse
