what is the Bitcoin it's a technology
the navels people to move money around
anonymously it's harder to trace and
it's so anonymous 100% untraceable
people like to think that bitcoin is
anonymous afternoon but buried in last
month's special council indictment of 12
alleged Russian spies is an explanation
of how law enforcement tracked and
identified the suspects using their
cryptocurrency transactions the
defendants used a network of computers
around the world and they paid for it
using crypto currencies one blockchain
developer was also able to trace Bitcoin
purchases back to Russia's Intelligence
Agency the GRU using only public
information he agreed to show vice news
how almost anyone with a Bitcoin wallet
could do something similar it is not a
good idea to commit crime with Bitcoin
because the moment you have one single
weak link in your operational security
all of your history is now exposed as
we've seen in case after case indictment
after indictment where they're shutting
down drug trading exchanges that are
operating illegally it's not just
traceable it's trivial to trace these
things the Russian agents were cam 2
half from the GRU used Bitcoin as part
of the moment exactly as part of the
mole investigation it lists out several
counts count 10 very specifically talks
about how these Russian operatives from
the GRU used Bitcoin amongst other
crypto currencies to buy services needed
to perform the alleged hacking there was
a very specific call-out for a certain
transaction amount that occurred on a
specific date and when you went back
into the blockchain and looked at it you
can literally say alright
there was a transaction for 0.026
zero for three Bitcoin that's a very
specific number right so you're saying
that because you looked in the
indictment and saw the exact amount of
Bitcoin that they used that Russian
agent was the only one to spend that
exact amount of Bitcoin in that 24 hour
period right exact time what if you
wanted to trace back my Bitcoin payments
do you think you can do that if you gave
you some starting data yes so let's try
it okay so I think I have like 30
dollars in Bitcoin here sure so this VPN
here costs $4.95 that's a very specific
Bitcoin amount it's already on the
blockchain this is the destination you
sent it to this is the address it was
sent from I can see that this wallet
actually had transfers of Bitcoin from
this wallet here an intermediate wallet
this is not in exactly a normal address
if you look at the number of
transactions it has 118 transactions
related to it and in fact this looks
like a coin base the first thing a law
enforcement might do is say okay this
looks like in exchange I should go see
if I have a record of this and any other
transactions we've looked at if it is an
exchange we go subpoena the exchange
suddenly I know your name address
because you had to submit your driver's
license to start buying the coin in the
first place so because all these
transactions are listed and they're all
verified by encryption and math sure all
you can really hope to do is obscure
your footsteps write someone with enough
time and dedication will be able to
trace your path back let's say I'm using
Bitcoin but I'm like you know the feds
they just keep getting me what what is
better than Bitcoin cash let's pull your
best bet for anonymity why it's cash
better as in real life if you go meet
someone in a dark alley and you hand
over cash and there's not a camera
nearby transaction is over
you
