this month legislators in South Dakota
and Wyoming struck down attempts to make
country-of-origin labels mandatory for
beef sold to consumers it's an important
issue because beef from Brazil is now in
US markets again and buyers might pass
if they knew the meats true cost Brazil
was the world's second largest beef
producer harboring over 200 million
heads of cattle at any given time since
2003 however the Brazilian beef industry
has been barred from sending its meat to
the u.s. because of the threat of mad
cow disease now the US government has
determined that Brazilian beef is once
again up to US standards for food safety
and so on October 15th the US received
its first shipment of Brazilian beef in
Philadelphia and that's a pretty grim
piece of news for the environment the
shipments mean that for the first time
in over a decade Americans could find
themselves eating burgers that directly
contribute to Amazonian deforestation an
enormous barrier in our ability to fight
climate change
critics say the Brazilian beef industry
has shown a longstanding disregard for
the rainforest and according to the UN
Food and Agriculture Organization the
industry is the single largest driver of
Amazon deforestation this put brazil on
the map for having the largest net loss
of forested area in any country between
1990 and 2010 today cattle occupy 60% of
deforested land in the Brazilian Amazon
in Brazil releases about 80 million tons
of carbon per year into the atmosphere
because of land degradation the spread
of human settlements and agriculture in
the last 10 years rising demand for
Brazilian beef has caused more than
seventeen thousand three hundred square
miles of Amazon deforestation
that's 2.6 billion trees
