mourners in Hyderabad India held a
funeral for Srinivas Kochi bola who was
gunned down by a white navy veteran
named Adam pure intent at a Kansas bar
last week pure inton has been charged
with killing Kucha both law and wounding
his best friend along with another man
one witness claims puritan admitted
shooting what he thought were quote
iranian people the FBI announced today
that it's investigating the unprovoked
shooting as a potential hate crime and
the White House condemned the attack but
many in India see it as a result of a
climate of intolerance created by
president Trump's america-first policies
and Hassan reports from Hyderabad
Srinivasa kochu bottlers final journey
began at his parents home here in
Hyderabad his father and other members
of the family then accompanied the body
to the funeral home where prayers were
read out during the traditional Hindu
several friends relatives and
politicians all gathered to pay their
respects but one point local and
national lawmakers were surrounded by
signs which called the killing of the 32
year old a hate crime and also condemned
Donald Trump those holding the slogans
insist that the u.s. presidents divisive
rhetoric on immigration has emboldened
racists can you tell me why you're
holding this time it says down with
Trump at the funeral we are holding this
sign to convey a message that this is
not just a crime this is a hate crime
these are all started flaring up when
Trump started tweeting and coming very
wrong messages to the communities around
and dividing them racially and profiling
the victims Widow Sonia Adam Allah has
said that minorities just don't feel
safe in America and she wants
reassurances from the US government that
it's taking action I was always
concerned are we doing the right thing
are staying in the United States of
America but he always assured me that
only good things happen to good people
she accompanied the body back to India
but her family say that it was just too
painful for her to attend the funeral
relatives also told vice news that their
priority for now is supporting her as
she grieves and that no decision had
been made as to if and when she'd be
returning to America
