you can see the water is coming over the
Steve all right next to and actually
building condos right against the sea
walls that are already flooding because
Miami is mostly limestone porous so the
waters just coming up from literally
under the street and this is the problem
that Miami faces it's got some of the
most at-risk real estate asset in the
world we're going to see the cost of
global warming and actually who's going
to pay for it
what this map shows you is if there's a
three-foot rise in sea level the dark
blue is going to be the area that's
underwater it's a hundred forty five
billion and one hundred forty five
billion in property assets and three
hundred thousand homes
Wow
we just landed here in the North D on
Flagler oil and gas platform to see how
actually big oil and gas hands and
something to reduce it
