so far in his presidency Donald Trump
has nominated just one judge and it's an
important one meal corset to serve on
the Supreme Court beneath America's
highest court there's a huge federal
court system it's divided into 11
circuits plus the DC and federal
circuits each made up of the appeals and
district courts and a historic number of
those lower Court judgeships are vacant
currently 118 of the 890 federal judge
positions need to be filled
putting Trump in a position to grant
lifetime appointments to more than one
aims of the judicial branch that's more
than any president in 40 years most of
the current vacancies are in the
district courts but 18 positions on the
circuit courts of Appeal these are the
judges that hear the majority of cases
that will never make it to the Supreme
Court they can even check the president
for example that freeze on Trump's
immigration order that was upheld by
three judges on the 9th Circuit Court of
Appeal there are so many vacancies today
because Republicans in the Senate
obstructed a delayed hearings for a
record number of judges appointed by
Obama it happens so often that in 2013
Democrats led by Harry Reid passed a
bill eliminating the ability to
filibuster district and circuit court
drug ships but Democrats are now the
minority party and they'll have to live
with the rules changes they made course
which could need 60 votes to get
confirmed but any other nominee will
only need a simple majority of 51 votes
meaning Democrats probably won't be able
to block them or stop the justice system
from tilting toward the right for
decades
