on Saturday thousands gathered in Paris
for the largest of many recent protests
against police brutality the unrest
began when a 22 year old black man known
only as Theo was allegedly beaten and
raped by police in a Parisian suburb on
February 2nd
four days later president Francois
Hollande visited Theo in the hospital
hoping to calm the anger that has spread
throughout France but the gesture has
done little to placate the masses there
millena arson reports from Paris
protesters here are angry about what
they see as the police systematically
targeting black and Arab Parisians
but started off as a peaceful protest
quickly descended into anarchy
things just kicked off kids are throwing
bottles and stones at the police the
police are answering with tear gas as
protests rage on Theo remains in
hospital recovering from the injuries he
sustained after stop and frisk that
turned violent
we spoke to his childhood friends at
Korea you just saw a few at the hospital
how is he doing the alleged assault took
place in only swath a poverty-stricken
suburb of Paris with the large immigrant
population a video circling online has
sparked international controversy there
are still conflicting claims as to the
events that transpired the allegation is
that Theo was targeted by four officers
who beat him threw him to the ground and
thrust the baton into his anus rupturing
his intestines one officer has been
charged with rape and three others with
unnecessary violence they all denied the
charges lawyers for the police officers
have suggested that any injury inflicted
was accidental dude there's no presents
for some apology department justice
American city policy always emerges a
vehicle 18 year old Issa organized
Saturday's justice with EU demonstration
which he had hoped would be peaceful
many other whatever just happened burn
money saying whenever I made a Pacific
salmon is keeping accommodate ontology a
secure border virtualization expanded
its Pelican America Fujian
she not magnetic from Nicole a much more
spacious Audubon me the direction the
disparity for you for come from have the
police ever stop and frisk you
Oh Jeff Conroy is a fifth of all
nonprofit pony vermin infesting moon se
preacher sectional view Camden Odessa
have rasca sanitary to decode in general
chaos has infinite abyss criminy I
consider calm the situation on fire on
PG I think you did well most important
the timing of these protests couldn't be
politically more sensitive France elects
its next president in April far-right
whole Nationals candidate marine lepen
has started a petition to support the
police and on Sunday lepen and her
closest advisor publicly referred to the
protesters as scum manova
Davalloo Schechter Shaku
excuse possible todav√≠a cereal or n-no
and reforms of n deleted war nor Andy
Fox to the police let her say no notice
to the party don't you know respected by
our national demand or 3 cm per coil is
the process yeah the Trotter because
heart Raja power
you
