sounds a lot like like 80s guitar rock I
imagined someone that's going to hold
their girlfriend in like a human
seatbelt if you're going to wrap those
arms around someone and rock them back
and forth that's what you need listen so
who is it
it's Ryan Adam I mean I would be afraid
to take the headphones off and play the
song out loud because I feel like this
this would be an orgy so fast as this is
the nc-17 SM bondage this is I mean I
definitely associate Taylor Swift well
it was some pretty pretty kinky stuff
she is yeah raw you know raw
who is this Fergie Fergie anything that
makes me want a shoulder dance I'm
skeptical of because children dancing
Tamizh means that it's like starting to
be disconnected from anything sort of
like salsa
so only do hereby over body Fergie I've
got to feel it in my chest come on girl
this is a very heartfelt song it's
really laying it out there she's the
reason he's not in the corner anymore
he's the reason she's he's living it'd
be cool if it was about a dog it's not
