philippine president rodrigo duterte his
brutal drug war has taken the lives of
more than 7,000 people after news
emerged that a South Korean businessman
had been killed by police in October
Duterte apologized and formally
suspended the offensive but the killings
have continued anyway and now the
Catholic Church and other faith groups
are finally speaking out in trying to
fight back
this is what resistance looks like in
the age of do today's drug war there are
so many drug dependence now in our
bodies are trying hard to really change
their life we saw these people as
patient the message may not seem
controversial but father Gilbert Bolinas
sermon is a direct swipe at President
Atlantic father Gilbert is part of a
small but growing network of clergy and
community organizers who were among the
first to actively oppose the killings so
what's your message to those who are
carrying out these beginningless human
rights laws documenting what happen
and there would be a time available they
call themselves rise up
their mission is to stand for human
rights give financial aid to victims and
most importantly to document the
killings they formed just three months
ago with about eight people but as the
death toll sword so did the groups
network of supporters ninety Sabino
helps families take legal action olga
argon campus offers counseling to
victims families we wanted to share with
them and they're not just simply facts
figures that people can just simply kill
them and that's the end of the story one
of the most difficult burdens for the
victims families in their struggle is
the cost of burying the dead funerals
and the Philippines are incredibly
expensive this family needs to raise
around seventeen thousand pesos that's
about fifteen hundred dollars that's the
kind of summer can put a family in debt
for life so they've set up gaming tables
of the way
people playing cards with Twingo for
money and the percentage of those
winnings goes to the family so they can
raise the money that they need these
days funeral wakes are happening
constantly across Manila but few places
have seen more than here in Colorado and
city where 11 people were killed in a
single week
Maria Espinosa is one of the victims a
16 year old son Sonny and six of his
friends were all shot dead at a birthday
party by suspected vigilantes a tragedy
now known as the Kalalau can massacre
whose token begin at the Roman Emperor
metonym and a cousin a Godzilla
a total of Nathaniel Andromeda white of
the pink nude seven were killed I might
know Nene sure no other way only
beginning window this young man survived
and is currently in hiding Ryan not his
real name was shot twice and played dead
until the gunman had left but nobody be
you know was in the boy I remember them
Ryan is a definite target we interviewed
him in a secret location where rise up
volunteers have been sheltering him if
he was still on the streets he'd almost
certainly be dead by now are you scared
no not a doll
buna falling from my Ballack my Borgia
my Pournami mm ah it mommies are visible
no for months rise up volunteers have
been taking huge personal risks to
protect people like this but until now
the church as a whole has remained
silent in recent days the Catholic
Church here voiced official opposition
to what it called the reign of terror of
duty a struggle what the church says has
a great deal of influence the
Philippines is one of the most Catholic
countries in the world what's not clear
is why it took more than 7,000 deaths
for this to happen we came to one of the
largest gatherings of church leaders to
find out but while this event was held
just days before the church announced
condemnation of the killings it was easy
to find priests unsure of their position
do you condone the killings I think that
the president like everybody else has
all the good intentions do you think the
church is doing enough it's doing enough
but not really enough you can do others
here appeared to be in favor of the
killings the gravity of the problem now
yes yes so they have to choose to change
again I said I think so
it's taking more than 6-thousand that's
even a single human life is very
important but if you make some
scientific proportion motion four
million six thousand is nothing
meanwhile back in Manila Maria Espinosa
and the other families of the Kalalau
canned massacre are preparing to bury
their children and while rise up have
helped them get to this point their
fight for justice has only just begun
you
