over the course of his campaign
President Trump repeatedly promised to
repeal deferred action for childhood
arrivals Obama's signature immigration
reform Act daca gave temporary status to
so-called dreamers undocumented
immigrants brought to the US as children
granting them protection from
deportation and the legal right to work
but since taking office
Trump is wavered on whether to end the
program which would have far-reaching
consequences and not just for the
dreamers themselves
jasmin Sosa is one of roughly 750,000
young undocumented immigrants whose
future ever since the election of Donald
Trump is uncertain
thanks to daca jasmine is able to go to
work everyday as a paralegal at a law
firm in downtown Philadelphia where she
helps other immigrants file paperwork
for their own daca applications four
years ago Jasmine had no work permit no
driver's license and no social security
number as far as the government was
concerned she didn't exist she even
moved back to Mexico for a time in high
school thinking she had no future in the
US but she decided to return on the way
back while she was pregnant with her
daughter she was kidnapped by smugglers
south of the border back in Philadelphia
she worked alongside her mother as a
janitor cleaning empty private schools
at night and getting paid under the
table in cash all that changed in 2012
when President Obama announced deferred
action for childhood arrivals daca these
are young people who study in our
schools they play in our neighborhoods
they're friends with our kids
they pledge allegiance to our flag tens
of thousands of immigrants immediately
rushed to apply for the program if they
were 30 or younger when the program came
out and could prove that they had come
to the US before they were 16 daca would
protect them from deportation and also
allow them to obtain legal work permits
and other government documents what went
through your head when you found out
that daca existed I remember I was in my
living room holding my daughter and I
was crying and that was my reaction to
it um I thought it was amazing I thought
I would be able to work in something I
liked and not something I was forced to
do just for the money
Jazmin is 24 now and she's become the
linchpin of her family her salary
supports a household of five including
her mother Maria who is also
undocumented Maria used to work two jobs
now she works part-time cleaning schools
and spends the rest of the day caring
for the family's two children taking
them to school while Jasmine is at work
this could all end soon Jasmine's daca
runs out in March a mere few weeks from
now she's already applied to renew it
but whether that actually happens
depends on the new President of the
United States and how about all of the
millions that are waiting online going
through the process legally so unfair
during his campaign Trump promised to
end daca immediately he's backtracked
since then but has remained vague about
his plans they shouldn't be very worried
I do have a big heart we're going to
take care of everybody we're going to
have a very strong border we're gonna
have a very solid border Philadelphia is
the self-proclaimed sanctuary city
meaning it limits cooperation with the
federal government on immigration
enforcement so in the event that Trump
ends daca immediately people like
Jasmine are somewhat less likely to get
deported here than if they lived
elsewhere and unlicensed drivers like
Maria can drive to work knowing that
getting pulled over will probably not
lead to deportation hundreds of
jurisdictions across the country don't
comply with federal immigration
authorities and a handful of major
cities call themselves sanctuaries
even though Trump has threatened to
deprive them of federal funding many
including Philadelphia have pledged to
fight the new administration
but there are other approaches Trump
could take he could simply let daca
expire meaning that one by one people
like Jasmine would lose their ability to
work legally Trump's conflicting
statements have sown panic among
dreamers and their families how close
are we on the u-visa
Wayne stocks
the attorney who leads the law firm
where Jasmine works has watched many
immigrants wrestle with the question of
whether to continue living their lives
out in the open
amongst the clients it's been a fear and
paralysis what does this mean should I
go to court when I'm scheduled to go to
court can I renew my driver's license
can I go to school next semester
Eve Trump follows through on his promise
to end daca whichever way he does it
life for Jasmine and her mom will change
radically Jasmine is one of the lucky
ones because Philadelphia is a sanctuary
City she would likely get to stay but
the life she and her family were
building would be destroyed stay calm
all areas entir okay I just mean little
kitty had in trouble continued our daily
poker really Zara understand this
Horomia ser algo algo dif√≠cil trio
mundo quiero que ya sia alguien que se
preparan mejor que mejor que nosotros
