in 2016 there were more than 760
homicides in Chicago the highest figure
the city had seen in 30 years and
already this year there have been 51
Chicago has for level 1 adult trauma
center but not one of them is within 30
minutes of the city's Southside where
most of the murders occurred and in an
emergency that distance could mean the
difference between life and death after
a decades-long battle a trauma center is
scheduled to open at the University of
Chicago next year in the meantime some
South Side residents are taking it upon
themselves to get the skills they need
to help date live this is basketball
trophy 1st place and this is the
cross-country medal
he's right here this way he was laying
it my father told that 115 it'll never
forget it and and in the heard his voice
he's his son
somebody killed your son and does it is
like just like my soldiers empty out
since pool should ask ah go the
streets me 700 a market and maybe some I
knew this course could have faded on on
the street no making you I had patient
after patient bleeding out coming from
the south side of Chicago and I was
unable to save them they would die they
would either be dead on arrival or they
would die in my trauma Bay a bleeding
patient can actually lose all of their
blood in one minute I was like why can't
I just do these first responders horses
here in Chicago what we're recognizing
that having people right there who are
able to help their fellow citizens
turning people from citizens to
immediate responders is a way of
reducing morbidity and mortality I'm
going to teach you how to make a
tourniquet with a t-shirt with a scarf
with a hoodie okay with stuff like that
I feel like this is so needed in my
community and this is not just personal
to me this is personal to any trauma
surgeon because every trauma surgeon I
have to stop this break it to families
that their loved one has died somebody
call my one now may I live in a
community like this
never know when you might need to have
this type of education actually no
matter where you live whether you live
in a hood on a suburb it's always good
to kind of add inside information
somebody might be talking or so my my
cats out all right yes okay yeah yeah
anything you just never know one vehicle
shut up
last year July 3rd I was coming home
from work and I thought it was
firecrackers I didn't really realize my
car had three bullet holes in it in top
was over just calling the cross fire
just driving down the street I could
have been dead but I'm still here so I
just pay my life oh yeah oh my god
hey stay with me okay I want to be able
to stop it on the front end and somebody
gets shot in front of me I want to know
what to do
into the ambulance can because guess
what we don't have a trauma center in
English so I found me a friend get shot
right here they might dad because nine
times out of 10 it's going to take the
ambulance 30 minutes anyway to get to us
so if I can help before they get that
yeah I want to be able to do that I want
to start and you try to do that I can't
feel my legs
I'm not telling you to get involved I'm
not standing there and saying you got to
get involved all I'm telling you is
giving you the power to get involved
medically I do the best that I can for
my patients but when they arrive to my
trauma Bay dead or in extremis about to
die I can't do anything
Elita Clark Lee McCollum so this is what
I know what I can do in my community is
teach and so that's what I'm doing
thank you guys very much thank you for
letting me
