last summer thousands of migrants from
Haiti began arriving at the San Ysidro
Port of Entry which separates San Diego
from Tijuana Mexico they were expecting
to be let into the United States that
isn't what happened this video was taken
surreptitiously by a Central American
asylum seeker in November
it shows private security guards working
for Customs and Border Protection at the
port of entry in Tijuana
what we'll do then we go but uh I see
look okay oh really okay and then we
don't know gender oh yes I believe a
little of it the encounter you just
watched is illegal according to the
Immigration and Nationality Act when
migrants present themselves at a u.s.
port of entry and either ask for asylum
or say they fear harm if they return to
their countries the US authorities are
required to grant them an interview with
an asylum officer and according to
immigration lawyers and advocates was
captured in that video is not an
isolated incident what we found was
horrifying we had no idea how bad it was
this system amounts to a violation of
human and legal rights of asylum seekers
that's Alex menteng and Ian Silla bomb
immigration advocates who went to
Tijuana last summer to investigate the
situation at the San Ysidro Port of
Entry they found that US Customs and
Border Protection had come up with a
system to handle the crush of Haitian
migrants when someone Haitian or
otherwise showed up at the border
without papers they were told to go
speak to group of Bittman the unit of
Mexican immigration who would give them
a ticket to wait in line this happened
regardless of whether they requested
asylum for those who got the ticket who
were mostly the haitian the wait could
be as long as three months
Nicole Ramos a u.s. immigration attorney
based in Tijuana regularly accompanies
her clients to the border to ask for
asylum we get to the for granted we
approach a CBP officer I invariably
explain this person is seeking asylum
they would like to present themselves
every single time except for one time in
the past year a CBP officer has always
said that a person can apply for asylum
there the last several times because
they are becoming more and more
aggressive in their resistance I
actually have to read sections of the
u.s. federal code I've also gone there
with kids and they tragically kids in
Tijuana the informal ticket system was
designed to deal with Haitian but it is
also being applied to migrants from
Central America who have been fleeing
gang violence in record numbers over the
last few years because many of them
entered Mexico without documents when
they go talk to group or Bethan they're
turned away at that point the only
recourse left for them is to try to
cross the desert which is obviously
dangerous and so they have to go the
informal route you know which involves
usually hiring some sort of human
smuggler at what you update when we ask
Customs and Border Protection about
these allegations they neither confirmed
nor denied that asylum seekers were
being turned away but they acknowledged
the ticketing system at San Ysidro
saying it was designed in collaboration
quote with the Mexican authorities to
improve the processing and humanitarian
assistance of those individuals with no
legal status to enter the u.s. on
January 13th a coalition of immigration
advocates filed a complaint with Customs
and Border Protection alleging that
asylum seekers were being turned away
not only at the San Ysidro Port of Entry
but also at Nogales El Paso Reynosa and
others but still a bomb in menteng who
have been tracking these complaints from
ports all along the border say what's
happening in Tijuana is different
specific to Tijuana you have a
systematic collusion between the United
States and Mexican government instead of
a system by which the human and legal
rights of asylum seekers are being
violated on a daily basis in math even
though the system was put in place under
the Obama administration there's reason
to believe that it's a taste
of what's to come under President Trump
we have been told by immigration
officials unofficially that this is a
pilot program that they intend to
implement at all US ports of entry on
the Mexican side
