a new poll shows that Obamacare is more
popular than it's ever been but the
window to sign up for it slammed shut at
midnight last night maybe for good by
halfway through January more than eight
point eight million new people had
enrolled and in states across the
country huge efforts to get uninsured
Americans access to federal health
coverage continued up until the final
hours we're hoping to attract as many
Georgia says we can who don't have any
coverage you get them signed up before
midnight tonight I've tried to do
Medicaid and I make too much from
anything I've tried it with me and my
daughter on it and it still is not right
it's difficult to qualify for Medicaid
I'm gonna take you to a navigator
they're gonna take you to process and
help you decide you know what would be
best for you individually you're first
in you get GA I am if you get sick or
have an accident how worried are you
that you will be able to pay your
medical bills are you very worried
somewhat worried or not at all worried
so you are eligible for two hundred and
twelve dollars in a tax credit when you
are eligible for lower co-payments
coinsurance and deductibles as well so
the first plan that you're being offered
is from ambetter from Peach State it is
the monthly premium is sixteen dollars
and seventy five cents and that's what
the ER two hundred and twelve credit
applied if you had not applied the
credit it would have cost you two
hundred and twenty eight dollars and
seventy-five cents a month you have no
charge for generic drugs and then your
specialist doctor visit would be five
dollars I can go up higher
okay well here you go $28 a month zero
deductible yes ma'am part-time at two
jobs I have a four-year-old daughter and
I've been trying to find some way of
getting insurance dental or health or
otherwise and I figure it was a shot in
the dark but might as well try and turns
out I was able to get something part of
me is worried that Trump is gonna take
it away but if President Trump can can
still offer something that would be
comparable I would be all for it we are
going through some changes and things
are in flux but right now this is still
the law and the law still requires
people to get health insurance and think
about it this way even though things are
in flux in terms of our legislation your
health issues aren't going anywhere
there may not be any coverage for people
with pre-existing conditions that's
scary if you have cancer or a lupus or
diabetes and you have to go back
absolutely and you gotta go back to the
system where you had to pay more money
because of your conditions or even our
vision our role is to definitely allay
those fears clear up confusion and make
sure that they know that we're going to
be here because that's what we're here
for we're here to provide access to help
them get access to care and what would
you say you expect it 2017 income would
be
20,000 even okay so it looks like based
off the information you've given me you
would be eligible for tax credit of
three hundred and sixty eight dollars
per month all right so do you want to go
ahead and proceed with doing an
application okay so this amount right
here would be applied to the premium
emergency room care there's no charge
generic drugs you will pay $1 for your
generic drug prescription primary care
doctor visit one dollar support and by
benders being real slowly so my income
is kind of let down a bit and so would
this program is kind of hip everything
level out for me well I got qualified
for the civil plan and they had a big
deduction on it and so the big savings
so that's a good depth out the best plan
to me I kind of feel comfortable just
gonna be okay
because a lot of things that he wanted
change over is too many people that
gonna be affected by it and I don't
think doesn't gonna take a fake I tell
me baby broke don't fix it and it's not
Brooke coming
