Roskam roxanne just premiered and sold
at Sundance
winning Best Breakthrough performance as
you can it's another hip hop biopic in
the footsteps of trader the concert but
instead of the story of a west coast
gangsta rap group it's a story of a 14
year old girl named Roxanne Shantae who
started the biggest rap beef war in
history the original Roxanne Roxanne was
sung by a group called ut'fo it's about
a group of guys can try hitting on a
woman but you won't give him the time of
day so they didn't they call it stuck-up
it was catchy and it got ut'fo some
attention but it was a little girl from
the projects that made those insane I'm
trying to do my laundry one day and one
of the greatest hip-hop producers Molly
Moll lived right above the laundry man
and he's yelling out the window
listen I need to talk to you I need you
to come up to my house and I'm like yeah
what names like I heard that you were a
great battle rapper and I just need you
to do a freestyle and I said okay great
because I heard that you work at Sergio
Valente and I need some jeans so I get
upstairs and I get to his house and I
said okay so what's the beat and the
beat happened to be big beat which was
super fast and so he's playing that and
I said oh yeah just the Roxanne Roxanne
B he said yes I said okay so it's so
good hit me with a freestyle and it
started walking hi my name is Roxanne I
don't you know oh my god by in it
they called the song Roxanne's revenge
it was a true freestyle off the top of
the dome and recorded in one take ut'fo
heard it and recorded their own answer
track I'm the real Roxanne and I'll rock
your world
then another rock band this track came
out then another it turned into a
massive free-for-all people now call it
the Roxanne Wars you'll never have the
rocks and phenomenon again it'll never
happen again
it was I made one song and it had 83
songs made about me specifically where
they said Rock singing champagne no
other artists have ever had that maybe
part of why Roxanne's revenge touched a
nerve was because of 14 years old she
dared to talk about how women have to do
with sexism and street harassment on a
daily basis in fact pretty much the
whole freestyle is her telling them to
stop bothering her
after just two albums Roxanne shot a
faded out of the spotlight she says the
movie explains what was going on behind
the scenes in her life but that story
wasn't always easy to tell one of the
most difficult scenes for me in the
movie
was having to walk away from my sisters
when they were little having to walk
away from them I just needed to kind of
like get it together and in order to get
it together I had to get all of the
pressures off of me so yeah it was a
very difficult moment
Roxanne Shante now runs a volunteer
program at a high school in New Jersey
mentoring young girls who need a
positive role model she says this movie
is just another part of that mission if
so many Roxy Ashante is out there and I
think this is the story that they need
to be where this wasn't the glamour and
the glitz this is the backstage this is
the before Fame still being in the
project having a dream want to do
something with yourself having to take
care of sibling so it's definitely the
ultimate urban project girl project
princess story
