this evening a twenty day long poker
match between four professional players
and an AI pokerbot ended with a
staggering loss for Humanity it was a
highly anticipated rematch of a contest
two humans one in 2015 but this time
LeBron us have bought designed by
Computer Sciences at Carnegie Mellon
came to the table with a brand new
algorithm and it proved to be invincible
I honestly don't even know what to do
here I've no idea what to do with these
only pot sets ever put me in a bar leg
whichever decision you choose will be
the right one much more about it on my
grill mine well the best against the
bots weren't real in this contest the
stakes for the pros were slices of a 200
thousand dollar prize it would be pretty
cool if we win at this point because
right now it would be immediate comeback
you got all of humanity behind the
severe AI bots have grown vastly more
sophisticated in the last two decades
and have defeated the best human players
and complex games like chess go and even
jeopardy poker a much more difficult
game for AI was the final frontier
it's an opponent unlike any other all
humans no matter how good they are
they'll have like a little bit of
something though might hold them back in
certain situations and what my Broadus
it's not like that you know just like
poke you of all when we start with just
the rules of the game and say play
yourself in poker for trillions ahead
and over time it decides you know
certain actions are good to reaction to
that and it tries to play the ones that
are good more often and eventually it
arrives at a strategy that he thinks is
close to perfect it's doing things that
humans would not do and it's putting
them in difficult situation when you
have 10 20 seconds to make a decision
it's really hard to like what I'm going
to do pull up all these drops and ranges
and hit a randomization button you're
like okay that said go in poker you
don't know your opponent's hand and this
competition featured a complex style of
the game called heads-up no-limit Texas
Hold
with unlimited bet sizes and more
possible hands than atoms in the
universe reticulating the strategy right
now right now live rogers is running
here and you can feel the heat you can
feel the heat when it's improving in
strategy for today's map the knowledge
that the computer can automatically
generate with our algorithm it's much
better than any human can put together
and communicate come up with very
interesting qualities the key Maxim's
usually play so it's also calling the
question many much of the folk wisdom on
how focus would be played by j9 the
humans were down almost half a million
dollars at the competition's in their
out three times that the ramifications
of the bots wind could be huge
pushing AI technology closer to a
general intelligence that can apply to a
range of applications such as warfare
cyber security and business none of the
algorithms that we use in the spot are
limited to poker everything that goes
into this can be applied to any
situation with hidden information let CJ
think of examples like negotiations
where you have certain objectives that
you want to keep those hidden it's not
about defeating professionals at games
it's more about what this signifies it
shows that AI can now handle these
hidden information better than humans
can humans up until this point have had
a for-sure dominance and heads up the
limit but I think it's pretty clear
player 2 is that you became
