sustaining a population as big as
China's requires an enormous amount of
resources and food more than China's
farmland can naturally produce on its
own the Chinese government recently
reported that it's farming practices are
too intensive to be sustainable the
problem is that China's demand for food
has been growing more quickly than its
supply last year the Chinese government
decided on a bold solution potatoes
to transform the potato into one of the
country's staple foods but in the
country famed for its rice consumption
getting people to love the spud will
require a persuasion campaign of epic
proportion this is the cipa tato a loyal
Communist Party member spud farmer and
all-round
potato proponent with impeccable
branding she's taken it upon herself to
raise the profile of the humble potato
tearfully ii yo' we numerable stay tuned
for the Quadrophenia food or etosha you
Paco is now gonna see ya Consuela car
identical town theater critic Gemma :
kudos is GMP the bhisma show you to
lotion a Yozora with Armada half Agatha
house foodontv a Pokemon washing to do
to those usual one it's fair to say that
first the potato a she insists on being
referred to it's all aboard the
government's potato push in addition to
her music and marketing appearances
she's also created a range of self
promoting potato products I did a get
her how the genders even see your feet
are able to employ a pianist there were
never visa binocular never he poured on
you go to search for dolphins out of
here my lucky charm elegant aha
we are talking about this is to tell me
about
mr. potato may have her eyes on the
potato bread but that doesn't mean that
the government isn't onto something the
food supply gap in China is driven by
its rapidly growing economy as income
grow tastes change more expensive food
like meat and protein requires more
grain for feeding livestock and so the
demand for staple grains increases if
you add urbanisation to that supply gap
the situation gets worse
rampant development has left 60 percent
of China's groundwater polluted and over
3 million hectares of farmland too
contaminated to grow crops that's larger
than Massachusetts with a shortage of
crop China will need to increasingly
rely on foreign exports from its current
food supplier the United States and
China's dependence on the US it's just
not an egg game plan we met with Carla
struct illness an ethnologist and potato
expert based out of Beijing why is the
government putting so much effort behind
us potato push potatoes they are easy to
grow they grow in bad soil the water
requirements are low you don't need
irrigation necessarily so it's cheap it
creates kind of farming where you don't
have to be on the land of much China is
in fact already the world's largest
producer of potatoes but because of
China's share size this output is still
not enough to propel the potato into the
realms of a national staple crop I mean
surely if anyone can succeed China can
succeed it's a one-party government
it's got the ability to push policies
left right and center it's a little bit
of the Ministry of Agriculture versus
the housewife and you never know out you
really don't know if we're going to come
up out on top how difficult is it to
change that mindset and to get tiny
people to embrace the potato it seems
that it will be fairly difficult
potatoes as a spud like an actual you
know round potato it's seen as as not
Chinese it's foreign
and it seems that's something that's you
know poor people would eat and then
products that are based on potato starch
are just kind of a little bit creepy
this will rock watching Tony Oh Monsieur
Khalid a nigga what you enjoy and Rojo
that you cheated or was it our hormonal
20 adults hi are generally some of our
heroes undergone you see dr. Norma give
up we can consider beijing-based
entrepreneur one cafe is jumping on the
potato bandwagon only a few on an
immortal Italian Avenger Concordia each
Hill a student to the food order tool
down harder you can't even give a tennis
shoe shoe hip new potato a team's
restaurant opened last year it's potato
punters seem to be enjoying the anomaly
but whether the Chinese can accept the
potato as a staple food remains to be
seen
rewarding tonight certainly fantastic
finished iguana survivors I don't
usually watch Shanina was a fun
undeterred Daffy has grand plans to
change that mindset one potato at a time
upper waters will go Gillette we go a
good mother should do that woman to the
Chicago salvage or I open my mallet ii
ii ii ii ii just a job transfer water
hot they would really do it on your
circle and in the interim our favorite
sweet potato is ardently ensuring that
her stellar food remains fantasy
policy
