peace talks began today in Kazakhstan
aimed at bringing a long-term end to the
civil war in Syria but a complete end to
the violence is unlikely and refugees
from Syria continue to seek resettlement
in the West a process that can be
extremely difficult vice news spoke
through an interpreter with one refugee
who made his way to Texas our lives
where Syria Syria was everything I had
my job and construction I had my own
house I had a car our lives were good we
were happy
the event started in 2011 there was no
work no safety I wasn't clear about
myself to get kidnapped or killed I was
worried about my family and my kids when
we arrived at the Jordanian border
border forces received up and they have
attempt as kind of a waiting group where
everybody waits there is another tent
that where you go and do your paperwork
with the UN chr I have passports for
myself for my wife ID for my kids
everything we had we gave it took me
between four to seven days to receive a
letter from day one chr which is stated
I am a registered refugees my life in
Jordan was like a slow day I had only
one hope which was to go to America and
survive I received a call and they told
me you are accepted to be resettled in
the US
I don't know why they chose me to go to
the United States
we knew the security check was difficult
to pass they told us there would be
seven security agencies that young to be
in charge of the cases for other people
who might go to for example to Canada
but took them probably 20 days to finish
everything
I met with representatives from the
USCIS I went to my first interview by
myself and the main purpose was to check
my paperwork after the first meeting I
waited for another six weeks until I
received the second phone call they told
me to bring all my family members for
the second interview the time between
the second and the third interview was
almost three months they were focusing
on like F my answer will be different
they will tell me your current answer is
different than your answer for example
in interview number one for interview
number two they wanted to make sure what
I was telling vm+ the truth took me four
months to get to the for interview the
first interview took place at the office
of the International Organization for
Migration the questions were the same
the system was the same during the
interviews and during the process I had
big doubt that I will not be accepted
not only me that was the feelings of
everybody because we know America will
not take anyone we started the fifth
interview as it well do we were
interviewed by American person they
asked my kids do you like America will
you be okay to go to America we finish
around 4:00 p.m.
after the fifth interview very provided
us with a name of a clinic and the
address they gave my wife a pregnancy
test we asked the the nurses why they
took blood for what reason they said
it's like just to check about the come
decision and especially HIV it took 25
to 26 months to receive the call when I
was told that my case was accepted to be
resettled in in America was like I
reward that moment the culture
orientation was for three days they try
to give us an image about what to expect
in the United States they told us the
American people are the smiley people
after we finished they told us we are
going to Texas they didn't inform us to
exact for which city in Texas so I went
to the net and I searched Texas the
refugee services of Texas RSD they
helped to find the apartment my kids
enrolled in school my wife and I to go
to English classes I found the job I was
construction through granite tile for
the new you as a president I do not
expect that he will stop refugees from
coming but I expect that the president
will increase the security check
