the women's march on Washington is set
for this Saturday 24 hours after the new
president is sworn in solidarity marches
will take place around the country in
the world the march was conceived the
day Trump was elected and it'll be the
largest mobilization against his
presidency yet but with collective
action comes conflict and the organizers
have had to navigate competing agendas
and goals even as they try to get
hundreds of thousands of protestors to
DC Caroline motorist et harani visited
them at their makeshift headquarters in
New York so we were finalizing what our
actual relationship was you the
organizers at the Women's march on
Washington didn't vote for Donald Trump
but it's undeniable that Trump's win
brought them together they want to stand
up to him and they're frustrated they're
devastated and they're angry and Bob
bland Linda Sarsour
common Perez and Tameka Mallory say
Saturday isn't an anti-trump protesters
say it's just in favor of everything he
seems to be against gun safety criminal
justice reform Muslim Americans like
this is serious it's also about
reproductive rights just this week both
and the organizers came under fire for
listing New Wave feminists as an
official partner the thing is the group
is anti-abortion many March goers were
furious and the organizers scrambled to
remove the group as a partner and defuse
the situation this episode was a
reminder that this March isn't about
coalition building across the political
aisle
it is about cementing a lasting
progressive movement I don't care about
Trump supporters those are not the
people I'm trying to convince I'm not
trying to convince Donald Trump we are
the opposition we are in perpetual
outrage for the next four years and just
and they say armchair activism isn't
gonna cut it any more that is actually
how we got into this predicament in the
first place is that people have been
comfortable enough that they felt like
just sitting in front of their computer
and composing a tweet or going on a
Facebook tirade was so
that is exactly what Gloria Steinem
wants to hear she is an honorary
co-chair for the March that this was the
first time she had met the organizers if
we had any worry us golden oldies it was
that it was going to be technological
rather than in present yeah Steinem who
hosts the show woman on Vice and is a
guidepost for the organizers she was
leading social justice marches way
before hashtag activism was even a thing
she says there's something
transformative about women of different
backgrounds races and ethnicities
walking side by side how difficult will
it be to keep the momentum going why are
you asking a negative question because
what's going to happen is that the
people in the March women and men are
going to meet each other my life is
still changed by people I met in the
Martin Luther King March the irony is
not lost on Steinem that Trump mighty
the rallying cry the progressive
movement needs he has empowered people
who were saying post-feminism opposed
racism are no longer saying that anymore
they are activated they are full of
energy I suspect the Trump will
radicalize a lot more women than I ever
could it's a long game to unify the left
fire up the millions who didn't vote
this past election and elevate more
women to positions of political power
I'm trying to wake the silent majority I
want to know if I can use this smart as
an opportunity to inspire you the next
day after the March we are working with
a partner organization to train 500
women to run for office across this
country so we have an opportunity to tea
party then like a tea party to us in
2010 so we are strategic sophisticated
we understand politics we understand
cultural shift and we understand that we
got to do this together
