I like the old days I like the dishes
today they just announced somebody else
was hacked and another group was how
everybody's been gang okay they're
scamming us with cyber we're living in a
cyber world I'm not a big female person
this is high technology stuff now you
have to open up things press a computer
takes you 15 minutes the computer that
picks up a phone I have a son he's 10
years old he has computers he's using
the computer so much he is so good with
these computers it's unbelievable he's
playing with the computer and we said we
had it unlock you needed a sequential
number now the cyber is so big
cyberattack is a new big problem cyber
is very very tough you have much hacking
going on hacker some guy with a 200 IQ
they can't get up in the morning we talk
about the hacking Makin's bad could be
somebody sitting on their bed that
weighs 400 pounds you know they're using
the internet better than we use it using
the internet to take our children's
minds we're losing a lot of people
because of the internet and we have to
do something we have to go see Bill
Gates they want to have the internet run
by the world all I know is what's on the
Internet and frankly the Internet does
cause problems maybe in certain areas
closing that Internet up in some way
somebody will say all freedom of speech
freedom of speech
these are foolish people
