in December Congress allocated a hundred
and seventy million dollars in federal
aid for Flint Michigan to address
dangerous amounts of lead in the city's
drinking water the question now is
whether Flint residents will ever trust
the government enough to turn on their
taps again Allyson McCann went to Flint
to find out it's been a year since
President Obama declared a state of
emergency in Flint at a town hall last
week state and federal agencies told
residents that the city's filtered water
is drinkable they weren't buying
nobody got the nerve to answer that
question not the whole city but one
house it makes sense that Flint
residents are still angry
state officials knew that their water
was contaminated from October 2014 to
October 2015 and did nothing but now
filtered tap water in Flint really is
fine to drink the federal government has
set the acceptable level of lead in
water at 15 parts per billion last
February the state tested Flint homes
and found levels around 40 parts per
billion in November led amounts were
down to eight in the latest round of
testing the majority of Flint homes had
acceptable lead and levels but there are
still outliers homes where the water is
undrinkable and in one of them the lead
level was almost six thousand parts per
billion for that reason people in Flint
say they'll start drinking the water
once all of the lead pipes are replaced
but the city has only restored 780 pipes
and they estimate they're still about
20,000 more that need to be fixed the
good news is they finally have some of
the money to do that Congress signed off
on a hundred and seventy million dollar
federal aid package for Flint how will
that funding be spent you know what's
great about that is it was what we were
waiting for and we know 100 million of
it is for water for Less service line
replacement and we can use it for that
and that's what we're going to do how
far will 100 million dollars go in
replacing just lead pipes well not far
enough it's a really good start and
we're really grateful to get that start
but while 100 million sounds like a lot
we know that's not gonna get us all that
we need at about $6,000 per replacement
Flint is still short around 20 million
to repair all of the pipes
and that's assuming they don't find more
lead lines along the way of the
remaining federal funds 50 million will
go toward public health programs like a
registry to monitor children that were
exposed to lead and 20 million will go
toward fixing Flint's water treatment
plant but the city has to get its plans
approved by the state and the EPA first
Mayor Weaver hopes to do that by the end
of the month
in the meantime Flint is stuck in a
paradox the city wants residents to
trust filtered water but they don't and
they're angry so the state continues to
provide bottled water which makes it
less likely that residents will ever
trust their taps again Keon Stevens is a
local flint contractor last year the
city awarded him a pipe replacement
contract worth 2.1 million dollars is it
a pretty important contract for you
actually uh his life changed no his life
changing I've done you know a lot of
work around here in the area but not
nothing of this magnitude are you
drinking the water and your homie
no not even filtered No so you're still
fully bottled yes how would you like to
see that 170 million dollars spent in
front infrastructure definitely because
the buying of the water doesn't fix the
problem you're gonna buy water forever
that doesn't fix the problem Stevens is
like a lot of people in Flint eager for
the benefits of a long term solution and
unwilling to trust the short-term one
we're really you know working hard to
change some of that and it's not gonna
happen overnight and you see it's a year
later and we're not there yet I think
it's better but that's something we're
gonna have to work on because once you
have broken trust it's really hard to
rebuild
