America's wild horses have been
protected by an act of Congress since
1971 and that's allowed their population
to explode but the cost of protecting
them has launched a fierce debate in
Congress last week House Republicans
threatened to slash the budget of a
federal program that spends some eighty
million dollars a year looking after the
animals even as they're growing numbers
pose problems for local ecosystems
erielle do em Ross traveled to Nevada to
see that program in action
the Spanish brought the modern-day horse
to America in the 1500s since then
they've been able to flourish and more
than half of them are in Nevada but
unlike deer and even wolves hunting wild
horses isn't allowed in the u.s. in fact
the federal government refuses to use
lethal methods to reduce their numbers
mainly because Americans love their
horses and any mention of killing them
inevitably causes an uproar but
according to some ecologists this
unchecked growth is a problem from 2008
to 2014 the US Fish and Wildlife Service
partnered with a number of researchers
who documented the damage wild horses
had on a portion of open rangeland in
Northern Nevada what they found is that
feral horses caused significantly more
damage to the environment compared with
wildlife in the area
Jim sedinger is an ecologist at the
University of Nevada who is studying the
impact wild horses have on the
environment we have 70,000 horses in
nature and if they're increasing at 15
to 20 percent per year so we're making
14,000 new horses every year and what
that means is that we're making a lot of
horses that we don't have any place to
put there's only really one solution to
this problem and that is to allow
euthanasia these animals so you think
that we should be able to kill them yes
the Bureau of Land Management has the
lawful ability to euthanize wild horses
to manage their population but they
don't do it instead they use helicopters
to round up the horses from the open
range from there they're transported to
holding facilities before being either
adopted or shipped off to long term
enclosures all of which cost the BLM
roughly 51 million dollars in 2015
in Nevada this means the BLM has to
remove thousands of wild horses from
arranged land each year but some people
think taking these horses out of the
wild is cruel
Suzanne Rory is the campaign director
for American wild horse preservation a
group that actively opposes the BLM's
wild horse roundups
the current management approach is
inhumane they Stampede the horses and
the horses are forced to run for five
ten miles or more then throw them into
pens where most of them live and
incarcerated basically for the rest of
their lives the helicopter round ups are
totally traumatic for the horses many
get injured they tear their families
apart this is not the way the American
people want our mustangs treated Suzanne
and her fellow activists have an
alternative strategy they think is
better
Nancy Killian is a volunteer with
Virginia range wild horse management an
advocacy group which tries to manage
wild horse populations by darting them
with birth control out on the open range
a retired interior decorator Nancy has
been darting horses since 2015 she
rarely misses so what happens now so now
I take the dart put it in the end of the
gun now we go find the horse
this is not a sterilization program each
mayor needs to be darted every year for
the birth control to work to tell them
apart and track their progress Nancy and
her fellow darters keep detailed records
of every horse in the area well that's
definitely Dillon but who's with them
why'd you decide to get into this well
I've always been with the horse groups
in the area and I love the wild horses
you know they're America's heritage
they've been here for many years and
they belong here they belong on the land
wild and free how many daughters are
there right now in this region six
started and that's for a population of
how many horses Oh anywhere from 2,500
to 3,000 but according to wild horse and
burro specialist Alan Shepard managing
the horse population with only birth
control isn't a viable solution because
of the sheer number of horses that would
need to be treated with fertility drugs
on a regular basis regardless of what
fertility control you use you're going
to still have population growth because
you can't access all the animals why not
use your lawful ability to use nice
these horses that's a really touchy
question um but the ultimately it comes
down to the direction of Congress why do
you think Congress would be against the
idea of using lethal methods to control
a population it's dealing with an icon
it's dealing with piece of history they
have constituents that don't want to see
it to happen in September the National
wild horse and burro Advisory Board a
panel made up of members of the public
recommended that the BLM should kill the
unadoptable horses kept in holding
facilities the recommendation was met
with public outcry in response the BLM
issued a statement that said the agency
does not and will not euthanize healthy
animals you know we're trying to do the
right thing for the horses we're trying
to do the right thing for the public
lands you know we're a multiple use
agency we can't allow one resource to
damage the public lands for the decline
of another user or resource so we got to
take care of it we may not be doing the
greatest job right now but we're I think
we're trying
you
