Mike Pence will become vice president a
week from Friday and he's always been
clear about his moral foundations I'm a
Christian a conservative and a
Republican in that way today he
officially relinquished his power as
Indiana's governor capping off four
years in which he struggled to balance
the state's needs against his own values
evan McMorris Santoro went to the
Hoosier State to see Pence's governing
style up close Governor Mike Pence
wasn't doing a great job balancing his
traditional conservative values with the
modern problems of Indiana when Donald
Trump picked him as his running mate his
approval rating was in the 40s a number
that put him near the bottom of
governors and his administration was
widely criticized after pence had the
backpedal on the Religious Freedom
Restoration Act the law allowed a
business that an I service is based on
religious belief but many saw it as
discriminatory and that led to corporate
boycotts and national scorn let me say I
believe this is a clarification but it's
also fixed it's a fix of a bill that
through mischaracterization and
confusion has come to be greatly
misunderstood how pence walks the line
between his morality and tough political
decisions tells a lot about how he
governs no episode from his governorship
is more instructive than the HIV
outbreak the hit rural Scott County in
IV drug users were quickly spreading the
disease by sharing needles the outbreak
was first detected in January but it
wasn't until more than two months later
that pence signed an executive order
authorizing a needle exchange he
publicly worried over his opposition to
exchanges telling reporters he prayed
over what to do before relenting I'm
giving the authority to local officials
today to establish a focused short-term
program on the basis of a public health
emergency I don't believe that effective
anti-drug policy involves handing out
paraphernalia to drug users by
government officials I reject that
just as the science predicted the needle
exchange worked an HIV rate in Scott
County plummeted Indiana State Senator
gene lysine is a conservative Republican
a registered nurse and a big fan of Mike
Pence she understands Pence's reluctance
he publicly struggled with accepting the
idea of needing to have needle exchange
programs do you think they were going to
see anything more about like that
struggle is gonna come up you t69 I
think that's done I think that he had to
work through the same thing that some
legislators had to work through and
that's that whole issue of whether or
not you're enabling addicts but I think
that the governor would certainly be
comfortable now with with where we are
on this and and probably take a more
aggressive approach on what are we gonna
do to a positive outcome to treat the
addict but the fact remains that in
Scott County the virus was allowed to
spread while pench√© went through what
he freely admits was a personal moral
calculus his need to balance faith in
public health leaves health experts wary
the economic infrastructure in Scott
County and if you think about the health
care costs associated with the
individuals living with HIV and that are
also co-infected I can't imagine any
company would be willing to take that on
the legislature wrote a law allowing
other counties to open needle exchanges
like this one in Bloomington pence
signed it but the law is very careful
doesn't allocate any state money to help
cover the cost and only allows needle
exchanges when an epidemic of HIV or
hepatitis C can be proven to be ongoing
we could do a really good job and we
could get appetite of sea levels down to
a non epidemic status and as soon as we
do that we'll no longer be eligible to
do needle exchange so we will have
worked our way out of being able to
continue to work and clearly that leaves
us in a reactive position when faced
with the HIV outbreak pence proved his
adage about being a Christian and
conservative above all else the result
was what health experts call a half
measure at best
soon we'll be one of the decision-makers
on national issues like judicial
appointments in the funding of Planned
Parenthood where his religion will
surely play a role
you
