I'm Alex Jones your host globalists are
pulling out every stop they can to
plunge the world into war Alex Jones is
probably America's best-known and most
influential conspiracy theorist Jones's
radio program and online television
network reaches millions
frothing rants claiming the Sandy Hook
massacre was a hoax and at 9/11 was an
inside job you know it's like to go up
to this and go out every day and go past
the peer pressure and come out day one
and say 9/11 was an inside job and lose
most the radio stations I was on you
know with the election of Donald Trump
his candidacy vigorous the champion
Jones's fringe movement has shouted its
way into the mainstream and he's become
one of the president elects most
powerful media surrogates you're in a
death battle now you're in a death
battle new world order we know you're in
one with us comprende comprehended we
don't care what you say throughout his
twenty plus year career in broadcasting
Alex Jones is transformed from a local
celebrity with a public access cable
show to the undisputed king of
alternative media his YouTube channel
has racked up well over a billion views
that's ten times as many as NBC News's
YouTube channel it's unclear just how
much money Jones makes as a conspiracy
salesman but his sprawling state of the
art studio in Austin suggests that
business is good that's because while
Jones's views might live on the
political fringe he's no longer a fringe
player the whole takeover failed didn't
it and now who gets to talk to the
president who gets to talk to Supreme
Court justices Matt Drudge Alex Jones it
might be an exaggeration but not by much
Donald thank you for joining us thank
you Alex during the campaign Trump
appeared on Jones's show pitching both
his new book and his candidacy while
also heaping praise on the host I just
want to finish by saying your
reputations amazing I will not let you
down you will be very very impressed I
hope and I think we'll be speaking a lot
but you and after he won in November
Trump made an affair call to Joan
thanking him for his support as one of
the president elects advisors said
Jones's listeners are the foot soldiers
in the Trump revolution what do you
think the connection is between your
rise in media and Donald Trump's rise in
politics I was just an early part of the
wave of populism and wanting prosperity
and wanting true liberalism why is it
happening why is this your moment that
mainstream media just ignored and
ignored and ignored laughing at flyover
country the truth is we'd already taken
the nation back psychologically
many many years ago all we do study the
enemy we know who they are where they
vacation how they operate what their
plans are what type of Satanism they
carry out we know their operations are
Satanism they're all they're Psychopaths
so their religion is basically satanic
we become its Joneses frequent outbursts
of vein popping anger and willingness to
indulge in hyperbole that made him
famous but he insists that it isn't an
Andy Kaufman like act I'm a weapon I'm
made to be thrown at you there's not a
lot of people that when I say I'm going
to interview them they say yeah I don't
think he's serious is there an element
of theater to it I mean everything I say
when I'm being serious and more and more
I'm serious probably 95 percent of the
time you're a pretty intense guy you
understand it like people are like wait
what's going on I'm telling you why I
did it oh yeah even when I'm being
satirical I'm trying to point something
out but I am letting the dog off the
leash I'm letting you know dr. Jekyll
mr. Hyde I'm letting mr. Hyde
look at this but clearing away all the
hysterical bluster what is it that Jones
believes you don't trust government you
think they're incompetent you're drunk
but you but your loved tribe and you
also think the government can do all
these things that you see the globalists
run government upset by Trump because
they know what he's trying to do so I'm
trying to give that a shot at reforming
it this is part of a global awakening to
the New World Order
I'm such an authoritarian just
in addition to peddling paranoia Jones
also pedals a huge range of products
from male vitality drops to a year's
supply of survival food if the store is
blocked because of massive Communist
Chinese PAC attacks you can always call
toll free yeah when Jones isn't railing
against the New World Order he's
plotting the overthrow of his other
favorite hate object the mainstream
media on a conference room whiteboard
his staff had mapped out media
organizations they believe our enemies
of freedom most free and independent is
oddly enough you yes how do you know how
we got here oh you know I was just
saying used to vice before it was owned
by the bigwigs would be kinda more over
here but now it's kind of the middle so
just I just want to be clear the device
is here on the tyranny and freedom
embers but these two who are owned by
the Kremlin are more free than than the
media organization you're talking no no
no they're up at the top and state-run
but they're also closer to the freedom
yeah I mean I found their stuff to be
more more based in reality
serious but Jones's uncomfortable
relationship with reality hasn't been an
impediment to success
he's an undeniably effective salesman
because when the cameras are on Jones is
on Donald Trump knew who I was knew what
I was doing talk to him something there
the whole point is it's not about me I'm
just pointing out the movement that was
already there that he basically surfed
in on but you're gonna loudest person
talking about bigger waves are coming we
don't rise and fall with Trump now
you're gonna see the next wave good luck
with that
you
