listen to me I can't I can't do this
anymore I'm overworked on the pay and
I'm grossly under appreciated you were
here he's not only do I work here I work
a hell of a lot harder than you do and I
make way less money I quit well done
wait you've seen this situation play out
before now it doesn't usually go down
like that I've certainly seen a lot
worse let me dive see people throwing
things
yelling making threats but typically
not-it's not this bad so now to stand
way to quit your job is to give two
weeks notice and a letter of resignation
what would you recommend I would want to
sit down and say what do you need for me
to make this work so I can leave you in
good hands because most of the job
market is who you know if you're just
frustrated you hate the place you never
want to come back I think then just give
them your two weeks and if there are
things that you really want to express
frustrations or problems or challenges
yeah I to schedule an appointment talk
to your boss but also try to schedule
something with HR or someone to do an
exit interview to let them know you've
conducted a lot of exit interviews just
how honest should people be when they're
exiting if there are real factual you
evidence that you have of some
wrongdoings or things that are happening
by letting them know you're putting them
on notice so if they ignore that there's
a record of that or at least you can
testify to the fact you put them on
notice now everybody loves saying that
Millennials love quitting their jobs the
data on that is rather inconclusive what
do you think about that when we look at
folks from the ages of 22 to 29 right
like oh right now we're saying wow they
seemed a job op more than those that are
older than them guess what that's always
been true younger workers typically
leave in job hop at higher rates than
older workers now some studies show that
changing jobs one of the best ways to
advance your career and get that
at the end of the day you know if you
want that extra money you got to go
chase it it's not gonna come to you
companies like to prey on this idea of
contentment if I'm not gonna leave then
they kind of just incrementally will
bump you up cost-of-living couple
percent every year and you'll kind of
take it but if you really want to get
that bump in salary yeah for the most
part you probably have to go somewhere
else
your priority is to you woody thank you
so much for talking with us and teaching
us how to quit our jobs and Rory thank
you for being such an amazing fake balls
I'm not a real CEO oh this is this is
all fake
