birds are rapidly losing habitat and
their flight patterns can reveal
large-scale changes in our planet's
health but there are only two ongoing
studies of the migration of American
birds one from the US Geological Survey
and another done by Audubon Society
volunteers
marry edge Kate joy joined the amateur
Bird clockers on a snowy day in New York
red-belly New York City is famous for a
lot of things and wildlife isn't one of
them
yet around every Christmas a group of
volunteers count the birds in Prospect
Park
Brooklyn's answer to Central Park how
long have you been burning for um three
years okay how'd you get into it
I like the scientific standpoint of it
do you always look up going to the store
and I'm gonna look up you weren't like
there's no way I'm getting out of bed
this morning
I should be woke up and looked out the
window and was like I'm not doing
anything today and they're like wow then
they're always just like a nice look
just go side the spotters can come
across Cardinals chickadees titmice
sparrows juncos woodpeckers and
varieties of ducks pigeons for the
record also count yeah you know how many
plastic bags I've caught snowy owls in
my time but it's more than hobbyists
with a peculiar pastime these New
Yorkers are a part of a nationwide
effort coordinated by the Audubon
Society from December 14th to January
fifth tens of thousands of volunteers
count Birds last year they clock 60
million the data set they create is
vital for American ornithologists
supporting more than 200 peer-reviewed
articles plus it shows how bird
populations have been impacted by global
warming by the end of the century the
Audubon Society says that nationwide 53
percent of bird species will lose over
half of their current geographic range
why is the chrismas countin
the birds are like a barometer much like
the honeybees much like frogs
the birds are telling us that
environmentally the earth is changing
counting at the same time ensures
accuracy birds are out and about during
the winter when breeding is done and the
long slog for migration has it begun and
if the birds are out the birders will be
too
