public-private partnerships or
Arrangements in which private
contractors fund public works and then
charge people money to use them usually
through tolls they're likely to be a
staple of President Trump's plans to
overhaul America's infrastructure but
they're not really partnerships they're
business deals the first modern
public-private partnership was Denver's
highway e-470 opened in 1991 by eight
counties in a consortium of builders and
financed Sears without a cent of public
funding it was innovative one of the
first large toll highways to go
completely cashless it's also one of the
priciest roads in America costing
drivers as much as 39 cents per mile
efore 70 spawn tens of billions of
dollars in new public-private deals and
that figure could multiply under
President Trump Josh Hirsch traveled to
Virginia to see if public-private
partnerships of the best way to solve
America's infrastructure problems right
here Aubrey Layne is the Transportation
Secretary for the Commonwealth of
Virginia he's a Republican in a
democratic administration and part of
his job is bringing private companies
into public infrastructure projects like
this one on interstate 66 west of
Washington DC last year a group of
companies agreed to pay nearly a billion
dollars upfront to build new high-tech
toll lanes here when we finished the
construction this will be a very
sophisticated road lanes proud of this
road but he says Trump should be careful
about pursuing these kinds of deals
private dollars are not a substitute for
public dollars and we're not going to be
able to solve all our issues simply by
having public-private partnerships be
the only answer that's because these
deals often end badly for the public in
Texas the company that built a toll road
from Dallas to Austin went bankrupt in
less than a decade before it could repay
millions in federal loans and in Chicago
a 75 year Morgan Stanley led lease on
all of the city's parking meters has
cost the city millions
in Virginia you don't have to go far to
find a project that bombed in 2011 a
company called Elizabeth River crossings
won a contract to upgrade tunnels
connecting the naval town of Norfolk
with the working-class City of
Portsmouth the company makes its profit
from tolls which started small but now
reach as high as $11 it's discouraged
people from using the tunnels and
Portsmouth locals say it's hurting the
city Portsmouth is a commuter city for
workers who come to us these tolls of
you know eight hundred nine hundred
dollars a year have an impact on them do
you think the government in Richmond
fully understood what was gonna be the
impact down here in Portsmouth
Tony Goodwin is the president of
Portsmouth's Old Town Business
Association he voted for Donald Trump if
Donald Trump comes into office and says
look at Virginia it's a great model for
how public-private partnerships can help
us to build infrastructure through
private enterprise what would your
message be doing he's gonna have a hard
time finding a perfect scenario on how
that worked in a positive way because
quite frankly they talked about this
project being the national poster child
on how public-private partnerships Ward
going to work it turned out to be the
worst deal in the of the century for
this for the Commonwealth
Aubrey Layne agrees the tunnel deal was
supposed to save Virginia money instead
it cost it more after Virginia was
forced to give poorer residents of
Portsmouth a tax credit to cover their
tolls we've had to go back in buy the
tolls down toll relief and here's just a
not working system that's correct the
tunnel was a reminder that these deals
have a limit for profit infrastructure
only works where there's a potential for
profit if we just go to the for-profit
private model what gets left behind and
who gets left behind
most of the projects in the Commonwealth
of Virginia would get left behind
because they simply don't lend
themselves to tolling or the public
would stand for the tolling
rural communities get left behind
absolutely these are not a panacea they
could be a very good tool if used
correctly but if if they become a
default procurement or an ideology then
it ends up being a very very costly deal
to the taxpayers
