tomorrow Maryland's highest court may
decide that the state's judges must stop
setting bail amounts they know
defendants cannot pay it's part of a
larger nationwide push to reform cash
bail which advocates argue unfairly
imprisons poor people and props up a
predatory commercial bail bond industry
Antonia Hilton reports from Baltimore on
the debate over a deeply entrenched
defect in America's criminal justice
system tog it looks like the guy in a
blue jacket right now these men aren't
the police they're private bounty
hunters they're hunting for their own
clients when people can't afford to pay
the court bail they turn to bondsman for
a non-refundable fee of 10% of their
bail the bondsman will bail them out of
jail in return the defendants agree to
show up for court and if they don't the
bounty hunters will return them to the
authorities I think a lot of it is
misconception is that we don't help
people we help a lot of people
Vinnie Magglio no is the president of
East Coast bail bonds and one of 15,000
bond agents in the US I can't explain to
you how many times we've had people in
here hugging me and kissing me getting
them getting you know their grandson out
or their their son Alan and trying times
every year the bail industry handles 14
billion in bonds which Mariano says help
keep Maryland safe by deterring crime
and holding criminals in jail he and
other bondsman lobbied Maryland
legislators against reform say you and I
are both violent criminals and we get
the same bail but you're rich but I'm
some lowly guy is that fair though the
pet look at it again it's the crime if a
person is rich and he gets a felon and
he gets caught with a handgun and a
person is poor and he's a felony gets
called the hang on what's the difference
they should both get the same bail
here's how bail is supposed to work
after an arrest a court commissioner
analyzes the risk of releasing someone
before trial options range from
detention to release with a set of
requirements but in America one option
has trumped all requiring cash bail and
it's a reason the jail population meant
to hold local lower-level offenders has
exploded on any given day between sixty
to ninety percent of the people in
America's jails are there because they
simply cannot afford bail we have people
in jail in Maryland because they're poor
period Maryland Attorney General Brian
frosh sent a letter to judges in October
concerned that the state's bail system
violates a defendant's constitutional
rights
he asked judges to consider financial
circumstances before setting bails one
of the main concerns you hear from some
community members is that judges will be
stuck with two sort of polar options
detaining more individuals than usual or
potentially releasing some dangerous
people into the community yeah there are
there are a lot of options between those
two poles if you think that someone is a
little risky make them wear a GPS device
you can bring someone in and have them
take a drug test once a week or just
report to a parole a probation officer
on a regular basis Attorney General
frost says those alternatives would cost
taxpayers between 250 and ten dollars a
day as opposed to the 83 to 153 dollars
it costs to house someone in jail in
1992 Washington DC reduced its fail
system and replaced it with alternatives
like GPS monitors and drug tests DC
judges say it works with 90% of the
people they release returning to court
and only 2% committing new violent
crimes does this effectively kill the
bail bond industry I really can't answer
that question my concern is not the
health of that industry my concern is
justice that five days was the worst
five days I've endured and ever
in 2015
Shannon why spent five days in jail
waiting to make bail she was charged
with the first-degree assault that she
denies committing a judge set her bail
at $100,000 her family and friends pawn
their belongings to come up with a
$1,000 payment for a bondsman I've been
put into a strenuous situation where
it's just bill at the bill like I can't
handle this bill can't handle that the
charges against her were dropped but
since then Shannon has struggled to pay
back her friends and family members
everybody's not always guilty just
because that officer decided to lock her
up and they will treat you guilty until
you are proven innocent prior to
tomorrow's hearing there have already
been signs of change the rate of bail
set fell 26 percent after frosh is
October letter but the rule change still
leaves a lot to interpretation I'm not
saying everyone should get bail now they
keep throwing poor around how do they
determine poor if you ask me if I'm poor
and I'm sitting in a courtroom I would
say yes and without additional pretrial
resources judges may still make
imperfect assessments of defendants I
think there's a lot of work to be done
in Maryland
even after we passed this rule it could
be an example to other states but we're
far from finishing the job
