coyote Peterson makes nature
documentaries then just shed its
exoskeleton please don't bite me please
don't bite me please don't bite but the
five million subscribers to his brave
wilderness YouTube channels don't just
want to see animals they want to see
animals bite him recently coyotes been
climbing a ladder of pain up to the most
painful insects sting in the world the
bullet ant le rÃªve caught up with him
and his crew in Costa Rica for the shoot
all right guys this is a good
possibility check this out this is a big
tree look at this coyote Peterson is
looking for the perfect bullet ant which
he will place on his left forearm till
the ant bites him while driving its
stinger into his flesh now I'm really
just looking for the biggest ant I can
at this point the ones that are going to
come out of the actual nest are the
guards and they are angry but every
bullet ants sting is evil the sting is
said to feel like a bullet wound it hurt
for 24 hours coyote hopes at least 10
million people will watch him get stung
oh yeah good sting and then roll around
on the ground in agony this is a little
stinging machine yeah that's a
tourniquet
okay listen Tony's coyote didn't set out
to be YouTube's premiere nature host
back in college at Ohio State in the
mid-2000s he wanted to make movies but
he and his producer and Mark Levens
couldn't get funding I wanted to direct
I wanted to write I wanted to operate a
camera you know when I was working with
producers and said you know I know a lot
about animals I'm good at catching
animals we started just experimenting we
went out into you know the swamps and
ponds there in Ohio catching snapping
turtles and snakes and then as we
started releasing content on YouTube we
realized that the more content we
released the bigger the audience grew
how did you get into doing this though
right like when you started making
YouTube's about nature you didn't set
out to like get stung by stuff did you
know there was never like this grand
scheme behind the scenes to be like
let's see how many things coyote keep
get bitten and stung by honestly the
first time it happened we were in
Montana filming with the porcupine and
the people that had the porcupine I said
what would happen if I got quills those
ones right there
you see how deep those are into my
finger it's debilitating I barely move
my hand the episode just went crazy like
it was getting so many views and we've
said herself Wow why do people like to
see me in pain and then somehow it just
started to transcend into this bite and
sting onslaught from that point on the
Fanueil coyote peterson had a formula
jackass in the jungle what you got
mark barrel and toss me that snake hook
real quick you didn't major in biology
or conservation in college did you read
a lot of books and I love the Internet
you know I took biology classes through
high school and in college but nothing
that specialized me as like I don't
proclaim myself as a biologist but ever
since I was a little kid I've been
fascinated with animals I mean five
years old I was out in the backyard
catching toads and snakes and stuff like
that despite his lack of training brave
wilderness has done very well coyote
says he's turned down offers from TV
networks because YouTube is way more
lucrative well the way that YouTube
works is you know we have sponsors that
come in and we'll place products you
also have the ad revenue that you earn
from the advertisements that go before
the videos on YouTube and when you think
about it you're talking millions and
millions of views on an international
platform all those little fractions of
pennies eventually add up which brings
us back to the bullet and are they
biting you at a stadium we'll ask you a
question that's what a lot of people
often want to know dance bite and sting
isn't one or the other and the bullet
ant bites and stings are there any
possible benefit well the benefits for
me are that a lot of people are going to
watch on YouTube coyotes fans have been
begging for it for months in every
social media post he expects it to be
his biggest video to date we weren't
allowed to film the actual bite the crew
was afraid I couldn't handle it so we
got footage from brave wilderness and
listened to the audio of coyotes Pancras
check him out oh sure Sycamore we'll get
down okay it's off stop stop
he doesn't curse he's saying oh my gosh
look at the is coming out of the sting
zone then like it hurt a lot they didn't
curse coyote Peterson doesn't care oh my
gosh how many views do you think you'll
get from this what's your wildest dreams
100 million views okay is it possible
for the bullet ant challenge to break
the internet I don't know I would walk
away completely happy if this episode to
ten million views where we ultimately
want the show to evolve to is bizarre
creatures we think that once the
audience is big enough people are going
to want me to segue out of the bites and
stings
you
