there are subscription boxes for
everything these days
twee menswear makeup dog toys and now
two women are hoping a box delivered
once a month can alleviate white guilt
but as Evan McMorris Santoro discovered
it won't come cheap berry Elmen is a
rabbi and professor of Jewish Studies
who lives in Park Slope Brooklyn Paris
holiday gift haul this year includes
something for herself the safety pin box
a new monthly subscription service
designed to wake up white people to the
realities of being black in America
plans are $25 and go all the way up to a
hundred a month are you getting that
feeling of like unboxing that exciting
feeling of like a gift well it's not so
much a missive gift but it's kind of
exciting that it's I feel like I'm
getting ready to learn like I don't know
Michigan possible my job is supposed to
be the safety pin is the make America
great again hat for white people who
want to show the world they didn't vote
for Trump after an election that
progresses believe hinged on racism the
safety pin is meant to display that the
wearer is a safe white person the trend
quickly became commercialized now you
can find designer safety pins online for
over $300 organizers Marissa Johnson
Leslie Mac think they can use all this
white guilt for good and capitalize on
it at the same time so I was talking
with our marketing consultant and she
suggested that we add some other content
to the different subscription levels so
they create the safety pin box the plan
is to make some profit while also giving
grants to black women activists I went
to Grand Rapids to watch the first set
of boxes get packed in Leslie's house
that's a good idea and that is actually
a really good idea this is where the
epicenter of white guilt is the white
middle-aged mom who voted for Hillary
but saw Trump win on the back of the
white women vote yeah that's where the
money is that's that's where after the
money that's that's where the need is I
wouldn't say the money but it is whether
you're a business person yeah yeah yeah
that's where the cash is right after the
money well the cash is in all the white
people's wallets
so I'm not discriminate I'm not
discriminate about about whose wallet
exactly yeah but I will say that that's
that's where the need exists that's
where the desire is to do the work and
so I'm hopeful that we can channel that
energy in a really positive way and
create some better allies because what
we've had up till now is a lot of white
people educating themselves and
educating each other it's like great
what happens after you're educated you
know what happens after there's a huge
populace of white people that know what
supremacy is and understand the
intricacies of I didn't get how bad it
is but what do they do with that um wear
safety pins do you see how how silly
that sounds really how silly it sounds
that that's their response to learning
about supremacy is I'm gonna put
something on my on my clothing and that
that's gonna be something active it
really isn't active so we're looking to
move that into action so what's in the
box
Bera finds lesson plans and tasks to
complete some tasks are simple like give
black people higher tips others are
harder this method safety pin box we are
focused on learning about and practicing
radical compassion that's nice as a part
of combating wet sand presence
white supremacy you do three things
every week one is directed towards this
problem in this case black elderly one
is directed towards the over
incarcerated in this one's media this
week I take a look at the media I
consume on a regular basis and evaluate
it for bias and worthiness because I'm
sitting here in in your house in Park
Slope and I'm wondering if these boxes
just gonna end up like you know how New
Yorkers get stacked at people's houses
like I'm sure there's some New Yorkers
in this house somewhere yes there are we
read them - no yeah that's a very good
point and if kind of have to admit that
if that also I thought about that so
there's an aspect of this box it's kind
of like this is inviting this is the
black woman you invite into your house
every month the certain aspect to this
no I really thought of it is that um
it embarrasses me honestly that I just
don't have a world where I am have I
encounter naturally people of color I
mean one thing I am finding is abaca
become much more involved in activism in
New York City though I am meeting people
now and that is actually broadening my
my scope of people tremendously what do
you hope will happen to you after you're
done with a year of this Wow um I'd like
to think like wow I will be so
incredibly sensitized um that's probably
unrealistic a few hundred people have
signed up for the safety pin box already
but it may have drawn more criticism
than customers so far and most of the
critics have been liberals many don't
like the idea of profiting off of what
they see is activism so this is not to
buy you a new car well I mean I might
get a new car I don't know say on the
air that I'm not gonna get a Nuke I
might get a new car but I would have
earned that car so what is it about
white people that they also require you
to give them a box of things to do what
right you the check yeah I mean you
could just write the check I think for
us when it's about actually providing a
service that people are asking for
mm-hmm so that there's a market and
that's really when we talk about it
being a business it's a business model
because there's there's a need and I say
all the time like had white people got
their together and actually
provided this for themselves we wouldn't
have a business model right now but they
haven't and so here we are providing the
service for them the most radical
politics are sometimes the simplest ones
safety pin boxes message to guilty
White's if you want to do something put
money in a black woman's pocket and I
just would say you know we never
pretended to be anything but radical
black women and so we're gonna do some
radical we'll see what happens
