the violence in Berlin came nearly one
year after another crime that inflamed
tensions between Germans and the growing
population of refugees there the mass
sexual assault of 1200 women on New
Year's Eve by as many as 2000 men the
attack had huge political consequences
over the year that followed but as
Mullen Larsson found out very few legal
ones
now that the best thought I tried to
dismiss her Mamma Mia woman mr. schat's
up here Vanessa is one of the twelve
hundred women across Germany who were
sexually assaulted or harassed last New
Year's Eve she took us back to the main
train station in Cologne where it
happened in a manner opposite no fighter
writes again on phone internet not even
British in Pohang a fast under Hamden
heights ana Brusco fast and fauna alton
height as an inn team - hi family resort
so fasten and - she wasn't mean diverted
food his own breakfast and finished at
the wharf even the guys who were groping
you he described what they looked like
that's one her tripping or fear fire for
some outlandish model conscience was the
police not doing anything western food
oh I'd see the smidgen Lord Catrin had
had a phonemic Oakland eschaton give
answer of chef requires of filters of
tomahawk sawdust understood ring the
first emergency calls to the police came
in at 8:30 p.m. warning that the
situation was getting out of hand just
after 10:00 p.m.
firecrackers were thrown into a crowd of
more than a thousand people who were
celebrating by the train station in the
cathedral by 11 p.m. things had
deteriorated 83 riot police failed to
bring the crowd under control even your
Civic was working as a doorman that
night at a hotel on the main square next
to the station two young women came to
me and they were afraid of shaking and I
asked him what happened and they told me
they're just these four guys are just
walking behind them and touching them
and they want to grab them and all the
things but these guys are always these
these look like lions in the crowd you
know searching their witness
Arnold placard is the head of the police
officers union also it's van Connecticut
masada the Silvester armed here in Korea
zu einer grossen mentioned on some long
college teams who follow the van we are
here not lager iron-shod sumit i knew
not from see her police system and
police's me at 11:15 police evacuated a
square in front of the station to
prevent accidents and crowd panic forty
minutes later they closed the train
station the move to has been heavily
criticised as 2500 people were trapped
inside with not enough police creating a
longish zone from daya hitman meet and
visit van hoytl aimed out to the far
corner and foreign zone it took the
police until 4:00 a.m. to finally get
control of the situation at 8:57 a.m. on
New Year's Day the police sent out a
press release saying tonight have been
relaxed go Buffy la cabeza delighted in
ethnic matter what it take four days for
the police to come out in public with
what had actually happened was there a
cover-up that's vanished f al abama was
not really here that in ruins Alva a
metal before he done in the earthly
career would feel like connecting
nabburg by January 9 anti-immigrant
groups had taken to the streets in
protest
linking the attacks to the open-door
refugee policy of German Chancellor
Angela Merkel in the months after the
incidents anti-refugee sentiment group
most of the identified attackers were
men of North African origin Fahad Al
came to Germany from Tunisia ten years
ago now he volunteers welcoming new
refugees and migrants to globe at the
station he appeared the conscience
paavana that recognition van Wow okay
two Scotties you're a North Africa could
attacked sexual violence case our chief
Sousa Barbican read a funky different -
Papa - cockatrice comes a surprise
normally I'd confess our sin avec la
naci√≥n Yakutia bass acoustic I can
respect the summer it's a selfie baba
baba respecta cacao when I say the
phobia in suburbia and a new method to
stone mmm gasps of all a year later
include only two people have been
convicted of sexual assault and one for
sexual harassment only three people have
actually been convicted why is that the
same time it was understood it's already
finished personal Invesco stated in the
tacna so that's a even 99 the half angle
isn't van to the fold out now also here
in video material Austrian behind
thousands by opportunity isn't anger
reason awfully osteotome and as such
this material is vegan and that's the
kinda inspiration Nvidia keen on giving
this afghans vinegar failure in
dauphinois tango style they're there and
the for federal nuclear plant what do
you think have been the wider effects of
the events on New Year's Eve - man I
have some - demons are also conduct of
the Frogger game immediately - finishing
a shot this New Year's Eve
there be ten times as many police on
duty in Cologne and more cameras - but
for victims like Vanessa
there's been no closure this is kind of
garage ticket as before as I was
perceived as a father Vesta I wish
Mishima's - agri-food as my engine
between fresh linen hats Anglican Jewish
faith and not by expen of Kaka and
fairness asuras o issuance Thank You
Sherman
vanish I'll go first a nonce oh yeah -
time for because our Father shtick
overboard
