the Marine Corps has always been a boys
club and it's still the branch of the
military with the lowest percentage of
women serving today by far the Secretary
of Defense made the Marines open combat
and infantry roles to females a year ago
but recruiting women into the force has
still proven to be a challenge
Caroline motor Sgt Ronnie went to
Tennessee to find out what the Marines
are doing to bring more women into their
ranks women have served as Marines since
1918 but the Corps famous for its
grueling physical regimen and tough-guy
image has never really made a priority
of appealing to women only around 15,000
women serve as Marines today the task of
boosting the number of female Marines
from 8 to 10 percent forced to this man
Major General Paul Kennedy we watch some
of the stuff that is disciplined that is
self-motivated
Major General Kennedy wants recruiters
to search for female candidates the same
ways they've been going off to men for
years by changing commercials to show
more women in action and by scouting
high school sports teams now I feel like
the Marine Corps provided me more than I
ever gave to it even though I tried
everyday to give a hundred percent
Lieutenant Colonel Kate Germano was a
Marine recruiter and training camp
instructor she thinks the Marines are
failing women I'm not asking for people
to accommodate us I'm asking for people
to hold us accountable to high standards
who psyche we do men jimana was
controversially fired last year after a
marine investigation found her
leadership style abusive Germano denies
this and says she was forced out for
publicly blowing the whistle on bad
recruiting practices automatically right
off the bat a recruit training which is
the foundational level of training we
tell women that they can't compete with
the men it sets you up to fail in many
many ways and it can be a blow to your
confidence the Marines basic training is
gender segregated and women haven't had
to do everything that men do like
pull-ups women are given more time than
men to complete the same activities on
some training drills
Oh Bree Jackson has wanted to be a
marine since she was 5 years old in
January she'll ship out for six months
of basic training my ferrets were like
oh let's you know that's cute as I got
older my mom's like alright this isn't
cute anymore it's not funny you can't
join
when I became 17 it was a little bit of
a fight in order to reassure that I'm
going to be okay and that this is what I
want to do the delayed Entry Program is
what every individual male or female
enlists into and it's designed to be a
year long to give them enough time to
mentally and physically prepare to go to
training so if you have an applicant who
maybe isn't running as fast as they
should be
you're gonna put them on the calendar to
ship further out on the calendar so the
problem that we have with women is
because we're not putting enough women
into the pipeline
we're not prospecting off women we're
left shipping people who are not really
given enough time to adequately prepare
it also puts women on the wrong track if
they want to pivot later down the line
and serve in combat because that's when
unlike in basic training men and women
have the exact same benchmarks former
lieutenant Kate Romano wrote you weren't
going to be getting the best women
through given the current standards what
do you think of that there's some merit
to some of her arguments I think that
she ought to give us a chance we really
have only since March first have opened
up jobs to all women and so let's see
who volunteers and step forward and she
may be pleasantly surprised that the
right quality candidates are looking to
join our ranks but there's one major
roadblock to getting more women in the
Marines that goes beyond standards and
quotas the Corps has to tackle sexual
assault female Marines report being
sexually assaulted at higher rates than
in any other branch of the military how
has that impacted recruitment have
people asked about that we do get asked
about that from the applicants their
parents their key influencers coaches
high school administrators we have taken
incredible measures to safeguard all of
our Marines but in particular to tackle
this problem the Marines say they're
continuing to add sir
suzan training through their sexual
assault prevention unit and the Pentagon
this year announced a plan to help
protect servicemembers from retaliation
if they report sexual assault but it
remains to be seen how the Trump
administration will approach this
problem and Trump this fall double down
on comments he previously tweeted about
sexual assault in the military what do
you expect if you put men and women
together of course there is going to be
sexual assault that takes place what do
you think of that do you agree that
sexual assault is a natural result of
men and women being together I disagree
with that I read and I reject that and
if you and if you build organizations
that are that the basis is trust and
respect that you won't have that there
is a little bit of a stereotype about
the Marines like the idea is that it's
like a man's world a boys club I think
there's always gonna be that and I think
eventually maybe it will kind of simmer
down if there's more females into each
roles I want to be that person to open
doors for females and be like hey if you
have the right mindset and mentality you
can make it
