president Obama has commuted the
sentences of 153 prisoners and pardoned
78 more
it's the biggest act of presidential
clemency on a single day ever and it's
only a drop in the bucket the u.s. is
home to about five percent of the
world's population and more than 20
percent of the world's prisoners harsh
sentencing laws like mandatory minimums
often give a judge no choice but to hand
down lengthy sentences including life in
prison starting in 1988 possession of as
little as 5 grams of crack cocaine
triggered a mandatory minimum sentence
of 5 to 20 years behind bars laws like
these disproportionately affect African
Americans who make up 13% of the total
population but 39% of the drug offenders
in federal prisons now President Obama
is trying to undo some of the system's
most unfair sentences Michael Moynihan
reports from California
this September more than 23 years after
she was incarcerated for a nonviolent
drug crime 49 year old Danielle Metz
walked out of a federal prison in Dublin
California Danielle is convicted of
money laundering and conspiracy to
distribute cocaine for her involvement
in her then husband's drug ring
just generally tell me to tell me how
you feel right now I feel great as
almost like a dream like I'm dreaming
but I know it's real you've been in
prison for how long 23 years and eight
months I was sentenced for three life
sentence when T years three life
sentences so you you expected to die in
prison well that's what Maine expected
for me yeah I always say in faith that I
won't get out
I just didn't know when and I was kind
of getting a little weary because you
know President Obama is leaving office
and everything in the next
administration I wouldn't be as hopeful
looking good after leaving the prison
Danielle headed to a halfway house in
New Orleans
President Obama commuted Danielle Metz's
sentence
along with those of 1175 other prisoners
convicted of non-violent and mostly
drug-related crimes 394 worm-like
Danielle serving life sentences that's
more than the last 11 presidents
combined and the most since Woodrow
Wilson who commuted the sentences of
hundreds of alcohol offenders during
Prohibition judge nancy gertner retired
from the US District Court in
Massachusetts in 2011 she's in favor of
the president's push for clemency when
you're on the bench of the people you
sentenced what number do you think
received unfair sentences I was on the
bench for 17 years I sentenced hundreds
of largely african-american men to drug
crimes 80% in my view were unfair unjust
or disproportionate certainly some of
them were in the same category as
Danielle Mets which is a first offender
who wound up in a mandatory minimum
situation you realize later even while
it was happening that you were
sentencing people to disproportionate
and unfair sentences I realized that I
was doing that as I was doing it I kept
a file on every human being I sentence I
kept a spreadsheet so that I would
understand what I was doing and relate
one person to the other the drug war
brought all that that in facing a
mandatory minimum there was no judging
going on you sentence someone to
the charge the only judging going on was
by the prosecutor who determined what
the charges here's how the clemency
process works only inmates who committed
a federal crime and were sentenced to at
least 10 years are eligible they apply
to the Department of Justice's office of
the pardon attorney the office reviews
the case and if considered worthy sends
it along to the office of the Deputy
Attorney General who then sends it to
the White House Counsel who does another
review and sent it to the president who
makes a final decision which cannot be
appealed applications can be denied at
any point along the way the Obama
administration has received nearly
32,000 applications for clemency
let me see
look at your grind for your home crying
is over all the good time den Yahoo
hasn't been back to New Orleans and more
than two decades so I made it to you mom
you made it damn it I know you're happy
girl if you never make it round them all
you hear now on the way to the halfway
house Danielle's friends and family many
of whom she hasn't seen in years
threw a party no this is my home Kong
homecoming celebration y'all know I've
been in prison for 23 years yeah I
didn't know that yeah I have to pinch
myself to make sure this is real I go to
the halfway house and just the first day
of my new life it's a new beginning I
got a second chance I make the best of
it
