Republicans have called Democrats sore
losers for their efforts to push back on
the results of the presidential race but
in North Carolina Republicans are the
ones looking for post-election loopholes
Evan McMorris Santoro has more North
Carolina Republicans had a great night
one of em briefed Trump on the state and
the GOP won just about every other
statewide race on the ballot but they
didn't win the governor's race Democrat
Roy Cooper squeaked out a narrow victory
over Pat McCrory the Republican
incumbent Republicans control majorities
in both houses of North Kerala sembly in
reaction to Cooper's win on Thursday
Republican lawmakers held an emergency
special session of the General Assembly
to change the way the state government
works
protesters swarmed the galleries and
some were arrested privately cooperage
will say Republicans are acting like
sore losers but Cooper himself didn't
use that term at a press conference in
Raleigh on Thursday I will use every
tool in the governor's office to fight
for everyday North Carolinians including
the courts if necessary the Republican
plan takes away many powers McCrory
enjoyed as governor and gives them to
the legislature it requires a state
Senate to approve the governor's cabinet
appointments for the first time in state
history elections boards historically
controlled by the governor's party are
split equally along party lines
15-hundred political appointments
control by McCrory are reduced to 300
potentially making 1200 McCrory allies
permanent staffers and Cooper's
administration lawmakers at less than 24
hours to review the Republican proposals
before voting on them they first got a
look at the nearly 100 pages of surprise
legislation at around 7:00 p.m. last
night bills in the State House and
Senate appeared headed for swift passage
on Thursday one top Republican
legislator was really blunt about what's
happening here he said that this move is
being made so Republicans can continue
to be a relevant party in governing this
state we talked to Democratic state
senator Terry Van Dyne about the
motivations behind this week in the
legislature one of the arguments the
Republicans make
is that they're doing the same thing
Democrats have done in the past clearly
that's that's not the standard we should
be using we're here to work for the
people of North Carolina and we need to
do what's in their best interest but it
feels to me more like this session is
about retribution
