good afternoon
let's turn this beef into cash
councilman Thursday having done it
the importance of an auction areas we
are the music to the sale we get that
energy of music and get everybody in a
jive and it makes you want to bid the
one thing that you have got to realize
is cattle only born once a year so when
a consignor brings these cattle to an
auction and that is their full year
paycheck and it all boils down to your
two minutes 30 seconds of selling their
animal you did have half and I guess
everyone had
attendee party good Hammond don't desert
there's 31 great auctioneers here
and tomorrow night we're gonna name the
2018 world I stock auctioneer champion
we're at the livestock Marketing
Association's annual convention which is
a gathering of business people in the
livestock marketing industry then they
also hold the world livestock auctioneer
championship it's very competitive and
it's a big deal in an auctioneers career
because once you're a world champion you
don't compete again you're a world
champion for life my first contest that
I've made the semi-finals to compete was
in 1999 I think this is part of my 15th
or 16th try I think this year we've had
more rookies than we ever had they're
getting younger and better every year
it just turns out I guess I'm both old
fogey here this year welcome to the
interview portion of the world livestock
auctioneer championship this year I had
the privilege of being the reigning
champion Brian I'm ready for my
questions and that allowed me to be the
emcee for the contest this year good
what do you think is the most important
issue Nia what do you think is the most
important issue the most important issue
facing the livestock industry there are
there are so many issues afaik brief
issues the transportation issues animal
disease traceability Alma rates and and
deals like that perception of our
industry transportation electronic
logging devices PLDs
tagging the ADT coming up the line we
need to reach outside the box and reach
the people that are eating vegetables
every day for every meal contestant
number 18 Jay Romine Mount Washington
Kentucky
ladies and gentlemen like to welcome
each and every one of you here right
it'd mean a lot gonna win it'd be a
little bit relieving I guess you'd say
that I don't have to get in their battle
with them again J why do you feel that
you would be a good champion Brian just
like you I'm sure I've got a passion for
the business that I've been in since
many many years today you know I was
fine until I walked on the stage and if
you just if you get a little bit tense a
little bit tight I'm not saying I'd be
any better than any other champion but
I'd give it 110 percent for that year
and represent the LMA the best I could
and the livestock industry because it's
something near and dear to my heart just
like the auctioneer 25% of scored is
based off your interview and then the
rest to be your auctioneering ability
that you'll have come off
you are in store for one outstanding
show here today to watch thirty one of
the best auctioneers we have five judges
scoring the contestants on clarity on
bid catching ability on expedition of
the sail and voice quality we are ready
to start our livestock auction today
good heart but can't hear your guys ever
do we use a chant to conduct our auction
and hopefully we with our chant we build
some urgency to our process look at the
good game ladies here 65 during the
chant the auctioneer is basically
calling out the bid that he's asking for
and down $7 to the 140 starts with
numbers
it starts with clarity then you can add
in your what they call filler words
which is the part in the middle where
everybody seems to not understand what
they're saying some of the basic filler
words that an auctioneer would use is
now bid dollar dollar bidder now another
150 for five will you give me here to
buy get them on dollar bidder now here
down get along here now say now go
dollar bid I actually started saying
here there and where in mind a 1/2 here
an ounce AMD two they are down to here
now 73 another my basics chant starts
with my numbers scale 10 20 30 30 and as
I became more advanced I started to
interject those filler words bid 20 bid
20 but $20 bidder now 30 now $30 money
now as you become more advanced it'll
sound something like this
and now $87 b27 other white now he does
I read on the rate to the way now $89 90
90 to go down 92 bid now 92 by to the
right under $90 bundle the right now I'm
on the other one another one to the way
down anyone anyone do they wonder the
way now one it was something like to
have every Janus unique deep voice
fellows always some sound really good
I'd always like to think it if I was a
little deeper I'd sound a little better
but I got to play the hand Oh God good
Lord gave me so
please make welcome to the microphone
contestant number 31 J Romine Mount
Washington Kentucky Brian thank you a
lot I appreciate that
Boas had a David Marshall approval heart
fit got it right here at home raise
cattle down I got genetics here home
race my father was an auctioneer he was
kind of always my hero so I followed his
footsteps
when you're selling something
those folks are locked in on what you're
doing the good auctioneer can read you
and he can tell how eager you are you
good poker face if you're gonna play the
auction business and you look them in
the eye
they'll look you back in I you just nod
your head and they just have a tendency
to to be more agreeable I guess you
could say I put on a lot of tail today
though he's having attention to by
because the momentum was going you're
not taking their money but to this you
know they're giving it they're giving
because you're asking people get caught
up in the moment and it will get you
don't
some straight away dollar 2050
Bloomington it's been my pleasure thank
you all it's not like work to me I just
enjoy doing it you know and I can't
honestly think what I would be doing if
I wasn't an option here ladies and
gentlemen the moment we've all been
waiting for your 2018 world livestock
auctioneer champion is
I thought my heart was gonna beat out of
my chest it was something that I've
dreamt about and today was was my day I
had a great day today
I heard a quote from a little from a
gentleman down south one time that said
if you see a turtle on top of a fence
post he didn't get there by himself and
I'm that turtle did not make the top
three but I was fortunate to make the
top ten today I guess you could say I'm
a well seasoned veteran interview
portion that's always been kind of a
struggle for me so I'm probably gonna
work on that a little bit and I'll be
I'll have to sign up and go to another
quarterfinal this coming year win lose
or draw I'll be a spectator or
competitor at the 2019 auctioneer
contest
you
you
