for years politicians have promised to
bring jobs and prosperity back to
America's depressed coal producing
regions but that won't be so easy to
pull off because in many places the
industry didn't so much decline as
banished entirely Josh Hirsch went to a
coal town in West Virginia where the
wave forward doesn't lead back to the
mines Whitesville West Virginia was once
a vibrant place packed with restaurants
and stores a bowling alley in two movie
theaters the shopping district of coal
country
today it's all but boarded up heroin use
is on the rise the police department is
down to three officers in a mining
disaster in 2010 which made national
headlines seemed to steal the town's
fate if everyone bow their heads in
prayer dear Heavenly Father's we just
humbly approach your throne this morning
we pray that you continue to watch over
our community and lead God direct
history Lord and all these things we ask
the name of your son Jesus Christ amen
David Hodges grew up in Whitesville he's
lived here all his life he's a
lieutenant in the fire department in
Charleston the state capital involuntary
in his free time
and he has a vision for a Whitesville
that starts here in this future grocery
here it is so this is the start
contrary to what it looks like we're not
as far away as you would think two
shopping carts if they pass we want to
be able to pass and not bump into each
other because old people get aggressive
sometimes last year Hodges started
investing in his store using his savings
and the retirement fund of his father a
former coworker
if it works it'll be the first new
business to open in Whitesville in years
do you picture that opening this shop
might be the seed that starts something
on this whole street that's our goal we
want to do the field of dreams approach
if you build it they will come they have
said that are you crazy for doing this
why are y'all threaten money into this
town you know there's nothing here
exactly we want to be here we live here
I have a mortgage in this town when
politicians talk about the future of
towns like Whitesville they usually talk
about bringing back coal resurrecting
the past it's a mindset embraced by many
locals Manuel Arvin has run his flower
store across the street from hodges
grocery since 1949 sixty-seven years in
the coal camp era the coal camp owned
everything except your life I guess but
your existence property they owned coal
was the only thing we have and if coal
is gone that means everything is gone
what do you think about this idea that
David seems this crazy scheme he has to
open a new grocery store here I say
that's courage and I admire courage is
an interesting word yes
why courage it takes courage to do
something you don't know what the
unknown is but hodges doesn't want to
rely on the past
he thinks the best hope for Whitesville
lies in a new sort of economy one of
small businesses and tourism life after
coal it seems like four years if you
would say after coal or coal is done oh
wow the people would be tar and feathers
if they're Loretta Lynch but this seems
now that some of the corporate companies
have you'll reduce their wages or cut
your benefits that there's a lot of
attention towards the companies now and
the guys are realizing maybe that we
need to find other
options recent trends are on his side in
the past few years natural gas has grown
cheap and plentiful surpassing coal as a
source of America's energy and then
there's a reality that politicians often
overlook in Appalachia the accessible
coal is running out they all want to
talk about they're going to fix the coal
problem they're going to put people back
to work but yet you've not been here to
see it you don't know what it's like to
be in these towns you've not been here
to hear our voice many waits ville
residents say they are ready for
something new it's come do you think
it's possible that you'll have a grocery
store and you'll have your shop and then
sooner or later you'll have more and
more things I think it's possible if we
diversified that we can maybe not a coal
mining boom new tenants like whites
where you sponge used to be but we can
actually capitalize on the tourism
because we are mom-and-pop I'm not
against my daddy was a coal miner but
I'm also a realist the coal miner sad to
say is a dying brick it's just us we
wanted to invest in our community and we
need groceries it's an inconvenience to
my family that we don't have anywhere to
get groceries Hodges had hoped to finish
his store by the middle of September by
mid-december it still wasn't open of
course we're not in yet it may you may
be the worst decision ever but I feel
personally that that it's gonna be very
profitable Hodges says he's confident
the store will open in the new year
you
