the past few decades haven't been kind
to rural parts of North America and Cape
Breton a small scenic island off the
coast of Nova Scotia was no different
over the past decade and a half the
island has lost about 15 percent of its
people by some projections its largest
county could shrink by another 20
percent over the next 15 years but
Roberto furred Minh met one family there
that stumbled upon a way to bring new
people to the island
the subject is job opportunity
it says hello sir I'm very interested in
getting more information about your
offer we don't like them right away
dear Sirs we're not sirs right next when
sisters Heather Colome and sandy MacLean
first posted an ad to Facebook this past
August they didn't expect much of a
response the two of them run the
farmer's daughter a popular country
store and why kagama they also owned
more than 100 acres of forested land
when it became clear the store was in
desperate need of help they decided to
offer a deal come move to their
community and work for them for at least
five years around minimum wage and
they'll give you three acres of their
land four months later the sisters have
gotten more than a hundred thousand
applications and are still receiving
more than a thousand each day so when it
became unmanageable you started sorting
it into what into like good bad yeah
good bad wrong language good story no
effort do you have these ones Heather
and Sandy have tapped into something
they're actually a lot of people out
there who would trade their life in the
city for a new one in a little friendly
place like Cape Breton we wanted to
really stand out so he took the weekend
to piece that together and sent it in
Monday night so we Skyped on the Tuesday
night as an interview at the end of the
interview sandy was like if you want the
job as yours
Karen Brett walk-ins are one of the
three families that have been accepted
so far bread had spent the past four
years making good money as a
construction project manager in British
Columbia Kerry was a stay-at-home mom
it's a whole different way of life like
I don't feel the stress that I felt when
we did that I don't have the same
worries we want to try build a life they
don't need a vacation from that sort of
possibility the potential for a new
simpler life has learned even the
unlikeliest of people
dun-dun-dun how will she do it there's a
lot of work to do no big city girl so
this is all extremely new were used
we've I've never owned anything in my
life
forl√°n Sonia Anderson or daughter Ava
for the second family Heather and Sandi
accepted they've been living in
Vancouver where life was too fast and
community was virtually non-existent
Sonia is already thinking about the
three acres she wants to claim in
exchange for working at the store do you
have any plan to clear the land oh yeah
for sure
what's the first step uh well I've got
an axe in a outfit in my car so I'll
chop the first tree and then um
Sonia won't have to figure it out on her
own it hasn't even been a month and
she's already made good friends so do
you think you could teach most people to
live in Cape Breton we can help we can
help it's all it's see it's if we have a
hard winter it's hard to live in Cape
Breton Sonya has come here and adores it
adores you but you know there are a lot
of other people who have expressed
interest in the same opportunity for
fifty thousand people over a hundred
thousand now I mean like how do you feel
is to people who grew up here bring it
yeah Brandi Hitt ringgit Cape Breton
errs are eager to make sure newcomers
feel at home at least in part because
they need as many of them as possible
since some the 80s this county alone we
had close to thirty thousand we're down
to thirteen thousand none of that
thirteen thousand the majority are 55
and up when you look twenty years
on the road we're looking at a
population that even hollows out more
and so then I think you established a
seasonal community you have no structure
to support the twelve-month of your
community
Jim mustard is a local councilman these
days he spends most of his time thinking
about how to make sure the island
doesn't fade away how does what everyone
has seen with Heather and Sandy's kind
of pitch at farmer's daughter changed
the mentality around how to repopulate
the island yeah I think that was like it
was a beautiful kind of sending up a
balloon and seeing if there was enough
interest in the world to kind of come
here I think what they've done in farmer
starters just kind of say look at this
there is a demand there's a hundred
thousand people that are knocking on the
door over the next couple years Heather
and Sandy are hoping to bring another 12
families to Cape Breton for the most
part they're flexible about who those
people will be but one thing is a must
we don't want anyone that you know it's
going to come and then leave what we are
looking for is that that they see
themselves here
you
