it is time mariah christmas is upon us
and it doesn't care if you observe the
holiday in the judeo-christian
ugly-sweater way or in the agnostic
consumer tradition or if you're simply
trying to buy groceries in the store
with a PA system for the next four weeks
mariah carey's all I want for Christmas
is you will be everywhere from the
blanket of mall snow Laden at the foot
of the plastic tree to the cinnamon
scented air you breathe resistance is
futile
everyone is powerless but especially Gen
Xers at least according to Ben Camp
assistant professor of songwriting at
Berklee College of Music if you were
born anywhere between 1970 1980 the
songs gonna have been introduced to you
at a time in your life when you were the
most emotionally susceptible to musical
imprinting written in the summer of 1994
with Walter Afanasieff
the Warlock that also brought you Celine
Dion's my heart will go on the Yuletide
hit takes no prisoners
and that's very much by design the song
starts with the sound of a glockenspiel
which for some people is enough to stir
up memories of music boxes and sugarplum
fairies and childhood joy but not only
it's the sound of the instrument safe
and warm the melody it's playing safes
as well it's outlining the tonic chord
musically speaking the HOME key of the
song
then we hear that very same melody
telling us for cozy at home again but
this time it's Mariah's sweet voice
singing it with church bells and
sweeping strings behind her and then
when the song kicks in to fulfil spectre
rock-and-roll we get that nice cozy home
melody one more time this time there's
sleigh bells jingling in the background
which instantly chimes Christmas for
everyone
so each brand-new section gives us the
same sense of home in the melody but
each repetition comes with a brand new
surprise whether it's church bells and
strings are all out rock and roll in
that combination safe but surprising is
a really powerful one and it plays a
huge part in why this song has become a
Christmas classic the sleigh bells are
unquestionably seductive even with
English goats through a dairy farmer
swears increased milk production by 20%
while the song was played on repeat
since its release all I want for
Christmas is you has sold 14 million
copies it was the first ringtone to be
certified double-platinum on the cell
phone charts streamed 100 million times
on Spotify viewed 315 million times on
YouTube
Christmas enjoyed its peak position of
11 on the Hot 100 charts in January of
this year more than two decades after it
was released but the best part of this
song it's wholly uncontroversial wall of
sound is enough to silence the most
ideologically opposed relatives during
the holidays it makes merry making
mandatory that's something everybody
needs for Christmas especially this year
you
