Shanghai's property market is boiling
hot over the last 10 years Shanghai is
raised and rebuilt the city meeting the
skyline almost unrecognisable demand for
new apartments continues to surge with
prices hitting an all-time high in
September the Chinese government fearing
a widening inequality gap between the
cities and the countryside is urgently
looking to control the bubble
implementing strict buying restrictions
over the course of 2016 with the most
recent round last week Isabelle young
headed to Shanghai for a view of the
city's soaring property market it's not
about you to wake up to is it yeah so
how much does a you like this that you
back so I'm costs about a seven-minute
yes dollar seven million yeah I mean how
is the helping market in China changed a
lot yeah I think if I look back 10 years
ago the income was relatively low so
housing price was also very cheap but as
China's middle class become bigger and
bigger so housing prices start to go up
you can see some of these areas down
here look like they've been flattened
out yes so they the March does us or the
houses so this whole area is still being
knocked down and built up it's still on
the going so just as part of the city's
regeneration know process with China's
stock market underperforming and other
forms of investment mistrusted among the
Chinese middle class those who can
afford it are snapping up their second
or even third property as a symbol of
status throughout the year the
government's phased in market cooling
restrictions to counteract multiple
housing purchases in an attempt to bring
demand back under control then so has a
man-made do
sure mama de que be a knock on door dr.
Doyle Jinju do you sit
gentle does anything miss Chen and her
husband have purchased to shanghai
apartments in the last few years
they're now on their hunt for their
third go5 an issue Hummer Calicut home
as a matter finds a new camera huddled
out move it out it's hard to Atlanta
Georgia
we can't thought it deity which one boy
eg one but miss Chen is not the type to
let the government's cooling measures
disrupt her buying spree instead like
others in the city to buy apartment
number two she found a loophole in the
government's restrictions put on PO
dancin foolish in that sense her so he
used your family job
Neela goose mooning want a yo-yo fans
needy my dear at Halawa not just food
the PDO hongou jehovah Montejo yes
certain cameo tearsa woman footage of
shoes
singsong forever totally horny and what
did your husband say when you told him
you wanted a divorce
in Gaza alienating normal item Valencia
promises okay one more you can see how
I'm Alicante mother the most romantic
divorce I've ever heard about miss Chen
and her husband were not alone fake
divorce became something of a trend
forcing the government to since closed
this loophole
Shanghai's new middle class have fast
become an urban elite those born into
Mao's China in the 50s and 60s now enjoy
an economic emancipation as the country
has opened itself up to foreign
investment in the 90s creating a new
consumer class la Hache AHA - AHA
ammonium sulphate achieve much in Chima
La Cienega Koala Joseph on 400 Otto
Teresa Teng Zhi Samba melon s√≥lido
edentia chair Raju - oh-ho me Animoto
she Chisholm a TENS machine you fool me
ten times from Kingston sunken from
Freedia window Sonia can toy here Lahore
fathers were a good idea but income
disparity in China is increasing over
the next decade our projected 400
million people will move to China cities
Shanghai is already the most popular
city in the world which inevitably means
that some of its oldest residents I
haven't - make way for the new we're
actually super close to the center of
Shanghai and this little pocket that's
surrounded by huge skyscrapers has all
these little Lane houses half of which
have already been torn down and the
other half of which are due to be torn
down although it does look like there
are still some residents here see how
the daughter I should enjoy cider in my
mouth
well you sort or do not know shadow nian
Wow dad don't forget oh yeah leo
hello Donna Kimiko lujah tequila widget
or app you wish me out daughter
tuck Yolanda what Jetta top up your
Hangul patrol just Vettori
Creek hey summer
kind of hope I'm Kaila okay hey
somewhere
Bob will do the charity damage on South
America he has he gone
don't be Johnny hey no you're not cannot
be that I don't do Yola Oh yo I know
take your time
I said hey it's honor Oh uh-huh
this any day so woman long Hancock oh
you know function don't move it oh yeah
walk off of that JD don't you touch it
daddy's not sorry doc old Shanghai
residents likely durjan will eventually
be relocated to the ever-expanding
sprawl of the suburbs those who are
successful with government negotiations
will receive compensation for new homes
far from the city center they've become
accustomed to type on come on wish me
outside what he paid all right Gilligan
Colo table
to say how counted go there nigga took a
poop on anyone who goes fishing that
don't go far Johnny Joe McCoy how Cueva
heck we met - Vanessa Jenny does a co
farm call not as well whatever your home
is that I can choke down and I can
assure Jane yeah samake on endangered or
don't cook off throughout the day so
character waaah
