Ty dolla sign's track stripper pole
Snoop Dogg's gangsta like me and Travis
Scott's Nightcrawler each have two
things in common they're hyper masculine
and they're all written by a woman
glenda Probie the songwriter behind
those tracks who raps under the name
chisel is currently recording her debut
album which drops in January Dijon
Steven followed her into the studio to
find out how she's going from songwriter
to star just always been writing songs
for famous men since she was 17 years
old now at 28 she's finally writing from
her own perspective she's recording her
album that jumped for puff daddy's bad
boy label it's due out early next year
that little laser beam at the end we
should definitely pitch it down when you
do it that second time I mean crazy so
can you tell me a little bit about the
difference between writing for yourself
and writing for other people if I'm in a
room with a person and we're making a
song for whatever they're working on
it's not hard already because it's like
we're making a song for them for their
perspective what they want to say so
it's more like a pep talk and then
really songwriting for my own music
there's so much extra care it's always a
process and not not really a fight but
just a checks and balance system with
this Trudy Union is how you really feel
gisle often raps about what her life was
like growing up in South Central LA over
on exposition Boulevard my mom lived
there so I'll be there my first
girlfriend lived up here first a lot of
it is you you ever throw pebbles at the
window
now I would just go not gonna do it my
aunt stayed up there we just had like
this community of people we be outside
every day everybody just kind of you
know just family she knew about the
industry from an early age Teddy Riley
the legendary producer was a family
friend and also her mentor her aunt was
in doggies angels a rap trio formed by
Snoop Dogg Jizzle was battle rapping
ever since she was a teenager so finish
your battle out here battle right here
right under there that's what a gym is
so under those that staircase a lot of
sight was happening and there sat in
those shadows right there so we always
like the only woman in these situations
for the most part like here yes this
battle rabbit you know it's like it's a
little more of a masculine thing so like
you either got it or you don't
gisle says she wants to jump to be a
gender-bending album and she can make it
one that's a testament to raps changing
attitude toward sexuality and gender
boys rap my experience like I've never
really thought of myself as like a
female rapper or like a female gay
rapper or queer rapper but I know
there's like all these categories that
people were gonna put me in so they
could like digest who I am and what's
going on I don't think it matters where
gay everyone say it's we like
politically correct I think quality is
what is really no matter where it
comes from
