there have now been more than 700
murders in Chicago in 2016 that number
of homicides is the highest in nearly 20
years
and 56 percent more than last year many
of those lives ended in the streets but
gun violence often starts online desmond
patton a professor at columbia
university explains the cycle that's
driving chicago's murder epidemic my
name is Desmond Patton and I research
cyber bengi cyber banging is a social
media communication in which young
people use platforms like Facebook
Instagram YouTube to communicate threats
that may oftentimes lead to real-world
violence we have primarily focused on
Twitter it's only a hundred forty
characters but it is a really easy way
to make a quick threat this means
looking at the syntax the grammar the
use of abbreviations and punctuation for
example the use of a capital K at the
end of an abbreviation like CPD which
Chicago Police Department so if we see a
K at the in event that is Chicago Police
Department killer emojis and hashtags
can be used to clearly articulate direct
and indirect threats I've learned that
the gun emoji is an important
contributor in the escalation of
aggressive communication on social media
and oftentimes that gun emoji is used
with a bomb or an angry face and an
individual that's running hashtags are
interesting and that they really
indicate where individuals are and who
they are Philly ate it with it will use
a hashtag in the first four numbers of
their street address soon after
individuals have been shot or killed
close to the location because the
opposition were able to identify the
location because
this hashtag that they've used also what
we see is individuals using YouTube to
video of themselves in the rival groups
territory which is sacred space you're
not supposed to be in this space if
you're not from that gang and they will
video themselves online saying I'm here
where you are in your neighborhood if
you want to fight me you'll meet me in
this location now people from your
community your neighborhood from your
school and family can see these
interactions happening online and if you
do not defend yourself you will be
thought of as someone that X week and
being week actually opens you up and
makes you more susceptible to violence
offline
