this July residents of the West Calment
housing complex in East Chicago Indiana
were told they would need to vacate
their homes because the EPA reported
dangerously high levels of lead in the
soil but the complex was built in 1972
and since then not much has changed in
East Chicago no new factories no
chemical accidents some of the
thousand-plus residents are still there
and many of them are wondering just how
long is the EPA known about the problem
erielle DM Roz went to East Chicago to
find out more
you know if if this park is contaminated
I'm pretty sure this part is nice a
walker has lived within the West Keller
my housing complex since she was born
she is a 28 year old mother of three
NASA is one of over a thousand residents
being told to move out of the complex
because of dangerously high levels of
lead found in the soil you don't know
what to think now because it's been
going on for so long and no telling how
long they've been keeping this secret
from everybody construction of the West
Kellerman housing complex was completed
in 1972 on land formerly occupied by
metal processing and lead factories dr.
gabrielle Filippelli is a professor of
earth sciences who studies lead
contamination in soil I was coming back
with the lead values now 750 basically
parts per million
remember not more than the legal limit
where the EPA says okay we have to act
it's double
sherry Hunter has lived in East Chicago
since before the West Keller my housing
complex was built when you were growing
up here and you lived right across from
a dead plant did you worry about lead
contamination we didn't know anything
about it so we didn't know the danger of
let at that time do you know anybody
personally who this tested for high
levels of lead in their blood yes I know
three people one is my nephew and two
other kids
this is it right here
the us-led plan and so that's where the
plant is or where it used to be where it
used to be and they tore it down and
they covered it with rocks and dirt in
2009 the EPA designated the land around
the old factories as a Superfund site
which means that it's been contaminated
by hazardous waste but no one from the
EPA or any local or state officials told
West calamy residents they might be at
risk until recently this neighborhood a
lot of people have been talking about
how it was built on the footprint of a
lead Factory and lead plants in the area
what does that mean exactly for the
people here Once Wed is deposited on the
landscape it stays there stays there for
something like 500 to 1,000 years right
so is that long it might be lurking just
underneath the grass or the mulch which
means that kids who play in the dirt who
interact with there quite a bit
continually are exposed by this legacy
led missus this footprint concept
Filippelli also studied lead
contamination in Flint Michigan how is
this different than what happened in
Flint
I mean Flint is a problem that can be
solved a lot faster than this particular
problem right what happened in Flint was
a failure to truly understand the
dynamics of lead exposure in a water
system and then a reluctance to actually
act on it once they knew about it is
this actually worse than
in this case the extent of this problem
is so much more vast than the Flint case
right there's no real instantaneous fix
for it a representative from the EPA
said that it's up to local or state
government to decide whether to evacuate
residents from a Superfund site we asked
the Chicago mayor's office why whisk
eleme wasn't shut down sooner but they
did not respond the city's housing
authority said they didn't know the
extent of the contamination until
earlier this year when the EPA released
their report the demolition date has yet
to be set and despite the risks many
West calamy residents are not in a hurry
to leave people angry people don't know
what to do some people don't have
nowhere to go do you want to move away
from us Kelvin you know I'm used to
being right here because this is where I
was born and raised grew up I don't want
to move but I have no choice
you
