today the UN issued a new warning about
the humanitarian crisis in mojo in the
six weeks since the offensive began
conditions have worsened dramatically
for the people who live there an
estimated 600 people have been killed
and 1200 more have been treated for
traumatic injuries many of the civilian
casualties are women and young children
Seb Walker reports from Mosel in the
eastern neighborhood of go jelly where
the dead arrived with terrifying
regularity it's a daily ritual and Mosel
in a corner of one tiny Cemetery on the
eastern edge of the city grave diggers
are preparing the ground for dozens of
people at a time they know that fresh
bodies will be arriving soon
Rahan says he's buried more than 50
people since the fighting began some
were his neighbors others were brought
here without anyone knowing their
identity and the numbers are picking up
sharply up the road is the only
functioning clinic for miles around
housed in an abandoned home medics have
been operating here since this
neighborhood gaagh jelly was cleared of
Isis three weeks ago with the front line
just a few hundred yards away there's a
steady stream of window
about 20 minutes now we've already seen
about a dozen people familiar some of
the master really liked but all of them
were also soldiers were being told that
we're not allowed to film those in the
medics here are treating as many as 60
people a day injured by coalition bombs
as well as Isis sniper and mortar fire
outside the clinic families of the
wounded wait anxiously 27 year-old
Derrick Coleman is one of two American
medics he came to Iraq a year ago hoping
to join in the fight against Isis but
ended up finding work as a medic for an
international charity we tend to get
patients in groups of four to five
everything modern warfare has to offer
amputations eviscerations severe burns
gunshot wounds but I think it'll
progressively get worse we're kind of
waiting for that day that's 120 plus
patients or something and then we're
just gas so I think it'll happen
eventually he works alongside about a
dozen Iraqi medics the wounded are
bandaged and loaded into ambulances
although the closest emergency hospital
is over an hour away more than a month
into this conflict the government's
strategy is coming under question six
weeks of bombardment have inflicted
damage on Isis but failed to dislodge
them from most of the city while Iraqi
commanders are happy to give the media
tours of recaptured neighborhoods like
this one they're less keen to talk about
casualties especially their own how many
casualties are your forces taking at
this time
can you give any specific numbers or
does it's why not that point doesn't
seem closed just yet even in liberated
areas the threat of Isis remains just
blocks away
nine-year-old Mariam hasn't been to
school in two years she's been staying
inside since airstrikes began pounding
the sister fighting pushes deeper into
the city hospital wards are filling with
children up to a dozen a day are
currently being injured four year old
Baja wallet was wounded when waters
landed on his house his one-and-a-half
year old cousin Yousef has a piece of
shrapnel in his back back in Mosul the
call to prayer sounds over the gunfire
before yet another funeral one of these
bodies is Marsden Carter's uncle the
other is his father they were hit when a
mortar landed in the backyard Marsden is
just 20 years old but he's in charge of
the burial the journey to the grave site
was so dangerous most of the family
stayed behind
Covenant House what's under my canon
ba-ba-ba-ba Marsden is afraid to return
the route home we'll take him through
areas where the fighting is intense but
as he lays his father to rest he's
summoning the courage to go back but I
had a job you're gonna go back to see
your neighborhood under Eleanor
