on Monday health officials in Texas
finalized new rules requiring all
medical facilities to bury or cremate
fetal remains it's just the latest
effort to radically restrict abortion in
the state in 2013 the Legislature passed
House bill 2 mandating that abortion
clinics meet the same standards as
trauma centers a regulation designed to
be so expensive to comply with that the
state's clinics would have to shut down
and half of them did
today's ruling is a game-changer we are
celebrating today this complete and
total victory this past June the Supreme
Court deemed HB 2 medically unnecessary
and unconstitutional but not a single
clinic has reopened since Antonia Hilton
went to the Rio Grande Valley in
southwest Texas to see what's changed
since the ruling and what hasn't House
bill 2 better known as HB 2 left just
one abortion clinic in the Rio Grande
Valley a 4,300 square mile area in
southwest Texas the clinic called whole
woman's health is located right on the
border with Mexico it was the plaintiff
in this summer Supreme Court case
challenging HB 2 aundrea ferrigno is the
vice president of whole women's health
her uncle founded the clinic in McAllen
in 1974 it was forced to closed in March
of 2014 before the US District Court in
Austin issued a special injunction so
the valley would have at least one
abortion clinic are there any memories
that stand out to you from that period
of closure that time frame was so
difficult I do recall a woman that I
spoke to on the phone she she was
calling to um she needed an appointment
and and I told her we weren't able to to
see her and hear McAllen makes her
clinic was closed and then she just said
what about you know if I tell you what I
have in my in my kitchen cabinet or
under the sink and you can tell me what
I can take or what I can do to do
abortion the Supreme Court's verdict was
heralded as a victory but it's not a
victory for everyone
hb2 already shut down half of the
abortion clinics in Texas and for many
women it costs too much to drive to
McAllen or it's hard to get time off
work or women are afraid to go through
Border Patrol's checkpoints located on
both major routes to the clinic it's a
vastly Hispanic population a lot of
people of color and immigrant families
that are often struggling with accessing
health care and understanding how to
navigate that process people are still
very confused about what's going on with
abortion people we still see patients
come in thinking that abortion is
illegal because there's been so much
confusion about clinics being open
Clinton clinics being closed staff and
volunteers say that the Supreme Court
ruling has emboldened anti-abortion
protesters there are more people in the
parking lot harassing patients as they
try to enter whole woman's health we
have a lot of people come walk around
our clinic and pretend to be employees
of a pole myself and my sky patients
keep them erroneous information hi there
what are you guys doing here this
morning we're just here to be brought my
outfits are you a nurse no I work at the
McCollum pregnancy center okay
I'm curious your scrubs that give the
impression it's not a medical thing or
not I'm gonna go think that both of
these women who didn't want to share
their names are affiliated with the
mcallen pregnancy center located two
blocks east of whole women's health it's
an anti abortion clinic that offers free
sonograms and religious counseling and
every day it sends people to join the
crowds waiting outside of whole women's
health clinic escorts had begun
documenting their interactions leave her
alone she already said no sometimes you
see certain protestors and you know what
today is gonna be a hard day Sophia Pena
is a clinic escort and former patient at
whole women's health she helps provide
transportation to the clinic for those
who need it and also escorts patients
across the parking lot and to the door
which she says is often the hardest part
can you describe what it's like from the
moment a patient steps outside of their
car and tries to make it back here it's
a race for the anti choices to get there
before we do most of the time we try to
coordinate it to where one person runs
to the door clicks the buzzer so that by
the time they get there they're inside
and it's like a clean shot into the into
the clinic we've had instances where the
protesters are sticking their cellphones
underneath the umbrellas that we have
there's an impression that when the
Supreme Court makes a decision there's a
decisive victory and things change but
it seems in some ways the barriers to
many of the women in this area had
almost nothing to do with some of the
things in that law people who didn't
have access before hb2 they don't have
access post hb2 regardless of its
passing it's not a victory necessarily
for everybody and we know
