last night Donald Trump claimed he
helped keep a Ford factory in America
even though Ford says it never had any
intention of moving or closing the plant
but today another all-american brand did
shut down a 44 year old factory in
Lehigh Valley Pennsylvania putting more
than 400 people out of work it's one of
the seven facilities accounting for
roughly 2,600 jobs the craft is pledged
to eliminate since July 2015 when it was
acquired by Heinz Roberto furred Minh
spoke with Denise Mooney who is facing
unemployment after more than a decade of
steady work on her last shift at the
plant I guess would say the common word
you hear is corporate greed now whether
or not that is the case but we do hear a
lot about that ever since Kraft
announced its plan to shut the leav a
factory
Denise Mooney has wondered what this
night would be like her last at the
plant she's worked at for more than a
decade it would be my last time hanging
in and it's gonna be sad the parking lot
when I started here this parking lot was
full of employees and as years gone by
and as the last couple months gone by
it's gotten smaller and smaller just a
handful of people there so that's the
only thing I can say is bittersweet
Denise knows she isn't the first person
to lose a factory job in this country
since 2000 alone the United States has
shed about five million manufacturing
jobs but until you lose a job yourself
it's hard to anticipate what it will
mean
at the local diner right after her last
shift denise is suddenly dealing with a
mixture of nostalgia for the past and
uncertainty about her future now that
the end is finally here how did it go
you know I looked at the clock at 7:03 I
thought wow that's it you know and I did
you come down the door get the past the
turnstiles everything you do it was last
how long did you work instead of waiting
until the very end
Denise's friend and longtime co-worker
Esther Toth decided to leave this summer
she couldn't handle watching the
facility slowly die out when I started
working we had a huge workforce and over
the years jobs got cut because of
automation do you remember what it was
like when you found out they were
closing the factory
we really for eight years since the
processed-cheese department left they
kept telling us that working on getting
more production lines when they call the
center the baby had told us Denise isn't
political she doesn't blame Obama for
Trump or anyone really for manufacturing
jobs going away she just feels powerless
she knew jobs like hers were vanishing
she just never expected hers would be
one of them
why did you decide to stay until the
very end I just figured I had you know
nothing to lose really by staying you
know so the longer you stayed there was
more incentive they did offer us a nice
incentive to stay you know and then my
health and benefits were covered it's
really sticker shock when you have to go
from where the company was paying a good
portion of your health care to oh my god
I'm paying for it myself the future of
health care is suddenly more important
to Denise than it ever has been before
in September she was diagnosed with
thyroid cancer without a steady job
paying her medical bills has become a
lot more daunting I'm nervous you know
we've had some challenges this year and
so on and so forth so I'm a little
concerned you know but we'll get through
it you know I get through the single
motherhood you get through this third
shift for 30 years raised them you get
through it
you know we'll be all right
you
