with two avowed supporters of the
anti-abortion movement set to take the
White House in just 63 days Planned
Parenthood will have to prepare for deep
cuts and open hostility Mike Pence has
fought aggressively to slash Planned
Parenthood funding and president elect
Donald Trump has said he'll nominate
pro-life justices to the Supreme Court
Caroline mutter SCT Ronnie went to
Washington DC where Planned Parenthood's
leadership met behind closed doors to
mount its counter attack we're not a
kingdom so Mike Pence or Donald Trump
don't just get to decree that the laws
change Planned Parenthood EVP John
logins was devastated by the election
results but now she has to get to work
there are people who are out to get
Planned Parenthood there are people who
are out to get women's rights there are
people were out to repeal roe v wade
we're not standing for any of it Planned
Parenthood has taken in more than
180,000 donations since Trump was
elected last week over 45,000 of those
were made in BP elect Mike Pence's name
now Planned Parenthood has to strategize
about how best to spend that money we're
gonna need every one of those pennies
dimes dollars and checks the cost to
women of losing these services losing
these rights is incalculable
do you have sort of a 10-point plan that
when you were talking to the leadership
council today talking to your donors
that you said don't worry guys we've got
this here are the 10 things we're doing
between now and 2018 we have pieces of
that plan I mean we don't know exactly
what they're going to do obviously and I
believe that if we can have an
outpouring now of people as we are
saying hey this is not the agenda that I
signed up for that maybe we can actually
get them to not go at some of this stuff
on the other hand when they go we are
gonna be ready Trump might still be an
unknown quantity on reproductive health
but Indiana governor and now VP elect
Mike Pence has been leading the fight to
defund Planned Parenthood and take away
its more than 500 million dollars in
federal funding for years
let's end public funding of the largest
abortion provider in America
no one knows more about the pens agenda
than Betty Cochran the CEO of Planned
Parenthood in Kentucky and Indiana in
order to restore dignity to women the
very much male-dominated legislature in
Indiana decided to have a statute that
if you have a miscarriage or you are
having an abortion you have to get a
burial permit and you have to choose
between interment or cremation and Mike
Pence is all about supporting that kind
of thing do you think that Mike Pence is
going to take his blueprint for Indiana
and roll it out across the rest of the
United States I do I think we watch that
man sell his soul to to sign up with
Donald Trump do you think that you are
going to have to find allies given that
now Republicans control Congress and the
Senate are you going to have to find
Republican allies to help you in this
fight against being defunded well we
certainly welcome them there are
Republicans in the Senate who have voted
in many cases to support Planned
Parenthood there aren't as many as we
like Mike Pence is not going to be an
ally that's for sure
