good WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange
has been holed up in the Ecuadorian
Embassy in London for more than four
years avoiding Swedish authorities who
want to question him but today is
someone from Sweden's prosecutor's
office finally met with Assange Kati
engelhardt has more this is the first
time Assange is being questioned over
the rape allegations from 2010 the case
is still generating a huge amount of
interest the Swedish prosecutor was
mobbed by reporters when she arrived and
there's some protestors now who have
gathered outside in support of luckily
the last six years here the Swedish
government have been engaged in a kind
of war of attrition sanch hasn't been
formally charged but he's refused to
travel to Sweden for questioning and
Swedish prosecutors have refused to
travel to London to question him here
this prosecutor is a finally given way
in part because time was running out
it's deadline for charging Assange is
2020 also a United Nations panel ruled
earlier this year that Assange is living
situation amounts to arbitrary detention
I spoke with a representative from
Assange as legal team and he told me
that his client sticking with the
original claim if this is part of a ploy
orchestrated by the American government
to get Assange extradited to America so
that he can be prosecuted there for
espionage there are a few ways today can
go and the Swedes under a lot of
pressure to act decisively the
investigation could be dropped or it
could be pushed forward to tropical
the meantime iPhoto has said that Julian
Assange can stay here at the Embassy for
as long as he likes
you
