sunday is the one-year anniversary of
the terror attacks in Paris that killed
130 people in the years since that night
and the other attacks that have rocked
the country the French government has
responded by tightening its Criminal
Code expanding police powers and for the
first time since 1872 creating a
National Guard KT Engelhardt reports on
Frances fight against extremism so don't
let that they look for deity too liberal
should estimate what's or not you have a
freedom to determine oh bomber she
always wanted this men no Cody Batista
in most of I'm all STDs a tautology you
your video but saga like shows a little
period or facility for the rock pool
after two weeks of training and just
eight hours of shooting practice these
reservists are qualified to patrol the
streets with arms their just uses back
up but in about to claw style attack
they could find themselves on the front
line the interior ministry also says it
will create a new enhanced security
status which will let more private
security guards carry arms the more guns
on the street won't fix deeper failings
with in French intelligence agencies to
diesel today's attack the body pushes
Wang Zhong Yi one of them it did perfect
mikuni yourself into a saloon certain
item containing city don't Banu Andy
Shakira service da Sigma George Vinick
an opposition parliamentarian led
Frances official investigation into the
2015 terror attacks if called for a
Guantanamo LFO says a French Guantanamo
to be built on French soil
what do you mean by that sweet oppa
regime ala Guantanamo American design
did you pervert Raqqa Syria so Tito
Giudice new Navarro assault penitence
yeah so has somebody to see a video
radicalism
how do you decide if someone is
dangerous if there isn't specific
evidence against them if there is
insufficient evidence to file criminal
charges
he says you
decreto objective come to the vanity
video chief accountant mosque a Salafist
kadar hazel the jockey saw his wife yeah
- he considered the seat at Annette the
- Audrey and situation exceptional Vinod
my exceptional you pass 2014 one
elsewhere government critics and groups
like Human Rights Watch have accused the
government of going too far of using the
state of emergency to chip away at civil
liberties conducting police raids of the
warrants and putting hundreds of people
under house arrest
Ct pigmentosa yanita Georgian tsurara
pesco sannita Georgian second kenyan
Sousa Europe editor JoJo's bizarre
everybody to Jews
Coco is a cartoonist Charlie Hebdo she
was forced at gunpoint to let the
killers into the building the day of the
terror attack in January 2015
Charlie Hebdo has since moved offices
and stationed armed security guards
outside Coco has 24-hour security
protection a number of cartoonists from
Charlie Hebdo including loose who drew
the famous Prophet Mohammed cover have
left the magazine did you ever think
about leaving yourself have a poor
village ever found in Medina skyscape or
capital e KQ power
Georgia Alabama isn't read isn't
regional say yes it's ammunition our
victim a bad company sanphet ii c JV j
both one day she shares all the demo
Capelli spring cooking food a former
senior remove like heated LaLanne city
founded a develop sinful share of it
what has been the hardest thing for you
in terms of going about your daily life
so the purple Suzie trophy
you
