you
the general mood inside the Jacob Javits
Center right now is one of anxiety and
excitement everyone feels it that
tonight might be a very historic night
for Hillary Clinton we're about five
hours into Trump's election night party
in midtown Manhattan people didn't come
into this party expecting a lot this
room is a lot smaller than Hillary
Clinton's room the crowds a lot smaller
than Hillary Clinton's crowd but as the
hours have gone on and the results have
started to come in there's been a real
change in atmosphere here a real sense
that maybe something could happen
so we're talking about over the county
this is
get some sleep
balem say tomorrow
so much
and to all of us
Oh
a chance to steer
democracy kind of failed itself a little
bit last night I think that incredibly
unqualified demagoguing racist
misogynistic person was elected
president for the polls were wrong the
liberal media was wrong the silent
majority won if I fell asleep with a
little bit of hope and when I woke up it
was kind of a nightmare it was lot of
people didn't get out and vote that's my
opinion but I voted hey people largest
up of people in American politics since
probably the election of Andrew Jackson
it's definitely kind of expecting a win
for women I think there's a lot of
subconscious sexism that went into the
election a lot of unspoken racism as
well minorities and women and the LGBT
community kind of lost a voice last
night and that what the white supremacy
vote started one out the people finally
got what they wanted for years and years
politicians have been telling us what
they think we want to hear and Donald
Trump finally came out and he spoke with
the people had been thinking up for
years really wonder what think happen I
think it sucked
I never won her in there I think she
took put that on baby I don't care
people were you know voting for their
career as they were voting for their
safety they were voting for their income
and that's what they went out and voice
it was just racism the white people
power
Trump was underestimated there's there's
no question about it I mean the media
you know the so-called know-it-alls that
are in that business every day they just
underestimated him and he just came out
and did a number on I think the election
process worked this time it was very
interesting very close and I loved it
telling the truth I'm glad the picture
off
there's a lot of people that talk a lot
of stuff about politics and they won't
go out and vote because they don't
believe that their vote counts I think a
big swing in Wisconsin was Hillary never
coming here I think she just assumed
that Wisconsin was gonna go her way and
that didn't work out too well for here
we are and Donald Trump is our president
so apparently those votes counted no one
was that excited about Hillary she was a
pragmatic choice that wasn't that
exciting
I vote personally voted for Hillary but
I've seen that a lot of people wanted
something new they didn't want the old
political structure I think people just
upset with the status quo just won't
change just want any change I don't
necessarily know that people were in
love with Donald Trump but they were
just tired of what was currently
happening we need somebody who is going
to try and change it not just keep like
for example Obamacare not everybody
believes in that last night was a
referendum on education and class in our
country so Clinton would've gotten in
their ammunition what had disappeared or
the prices would have gone up I just
feel you know guns would have
disappeared I mean I was honestly scared
for the country a red states kind of got
manipulated by by Trump and sad at the
end of the day he seemed the most
truthful we hope that he comes to one it
promises and there was a lot of distrust
and Hillary just plain and simple they
were so disgusted by the fact that
Hillary Clinton was even able to be a
candidate I don't know I I mean I you
can tell I'm like still dejected it
doesn't seem real it seems like a crazy
dream people have hidden their true
feelings about
others whether it be females or other
people of color or people with
disabilities we've not been allowed to
say that what we think about them and
now with a person like the newly elected
president Donald Trump you could say
whatever you want what I think happens
next it's gonna be interesting the
things that he had said during his
campaign I'm still gonna leave a bad
taste in my mouth but for years to come
maybe he can stop being an entertainer
and start being an actual leader with
positivity who isn't hateful and who is
it promoting bullying or fear and I hope
he can step up and be just a better
person for the country i disdained all
the kind of obstructionist tactics that
Republicans took in the Congress in the
last couple of years of Obama's
presidency but I now feel like I want
almost Democrats to do the same which I
feel like is a horrible opinion I have
no idea doctor really don't unity you
you have to definitely tie the two
parties together that's if they can do
that there's no road map to where this
country's headed right now um
I'm incredibly scared hi my friends are
incredibly scared my family isn't really
scared
I don't know hopefully Donald Trump will
be able
repeal Obamacare and make some changes
in common core and we'll put some money
back in our wallet I'm scared but it's
not as much that I'm I'm nervous for
myself I'm nervous for my Muslim friends
for my gay friends for for women who
felt like they were going to take a
major step forward and now have to
backpedal he becomes president makes all
these clams and hopefully Congress will
shoot most of them down especially that
stupid wall hope and uh you know maybe
get some infrastructure projects going
like a wall bill that could create some
jobs what happens now we cross our
fingers and hope for the best
I just see a lot of division I see a lot
of hate and I see a lot of things going
backwards so we have to move forward
we had a eight years with the Democrats
let's see what the Republicans are doing
now they have the house they have the
Senate and they have the presidency so
let's watch and see we've survived
before America's had bad times and
people think these are bad times but hey
this is the best country in the world
today at around noon 30 hours after
voting begin Hillary Clinton conceded
the election to Donald Trump in his
speech in Manhattan in what may have
been her final vow from politics they
were some of her most powerful moments
on the campaign stage this year last
night I congratulated Donald Trump and
offered to work with him on behalf of
our country I hope that he will be a
successful president for all Americans
this is not the outcome we wanted or we
worked so hard for and I'm sorry that we
did not win this election for the values
we share and the vision we hold for our
country this is painful and it will be
for a long time but I want you to
remember this our campaign was never
about one person or even one election
it was about the country we love and
about building an America that's hopeful
inclusive and big-hearted I know we have
still not shattered that highest and
hardest glass ceiling but someday
someone will and hopefully sooner than
we might think right now and to all the
little girls who are watching this never
doubt that you are valuable and powerful
and deserving of every chance and
opportunity in the world to pursue and
achieve your own dreams
I count my blessings every single day
that I am an American and I still
believe as deeply as I ever have that if
we stand together and work together with
respect for our differences strength in
our convictions and love for this nation
our best days are still ahead of us
Donald Trump wasn't the only winner last
night Republicans up and down the ballot
did very well
they kept control of the Senate in house
and picked up more governorships which
means that President Trump will have a
solid governing coalition to deliver on
his promises evan makhmour Santoro has
more on what to expect from the Trump
agenda Donald Trump is now the head of
an incredibly powerful political party
that is rapidly unifying behind him the
mechanics of how Trump is going to lead
are still very vague Republicans who
opposed him are in the Senate Democrats
who despised him are in there too and
look Trump neech Congress to vote on
things but he also just showed the
political world he's the only guy with
his finger on the pulse of the American
electorate that gives him a lot of power
and legislative negotiations under
President Trump America's priorities
will change
President Obama cast climate change is
the number one national security threat
the United States
Hillary Clinton made addressing at one
of her top priorities Trump is an AI
climate change even exists and has
promised a revitalization of the fossil
fuel industry the United States has the
largest recoverable coal resources in
the world we're talking clean coal no
Republican in Congress voted for the
Affordable Care Act and the party's been
trying to repeal it since it became law
Democrats still have the power to block
a full repeal of Obama signature health
care law but reforming it is now a
quaint old-fashioned notion we're going
to repeal it and we're going to replace
it and we're going to get you great
great health care at a fraction of the
cost it was political orthodoxy until
last night that if you wanted to win a
nationwide race in America you had to be
a supporter of immigration reform not
anymore
we're going to build the wall and Mexico
is going to pay for the wall believe me
100% libertarian leaning Republicans and
social justice minded Democrats spent a
lot of the year trying to find common
ground on criminal justice reform hopes
for legislation were eventually dashed
by a group of law and order
conservatives Trump is from that school
of thought violent crime has risen 17%
and in America's 50 largest cities it's
only going one way folks and that's up
decades of trade policy are over both
Republican and Democratic base voters
abhorred free trade deals in 2016 and
Trump's rise was in part fueled by his
attacks on existing deals like NAFTA and
dismissed low proposals like TPP which
until a couple of hours ago
the Obama White House are still trying
to get passed before the end of the year
we will renegotiate our horrible trade
deals to bring back jobs and opportunity
it's not exactly clear what Trump will
achieve but it's apparent a number of
top liberal priorities are already kaput
for the time being there's a famous
saying in politics that you win
elections with addition not subtraction
and Tuesday night's surprise result only
proved it once again Clinton lost
because her coalition didn't turn out in
sufficient numbers in the states that
mattered even though she won the popular
vote by a hair of 230 1.5 million
eligible voters this year only a hundred
and twenty eight point eight million
actually voted that's about 1.5 million
fewer voters than there were in 2012 and
it declined for the second election in a
row
the voter turnout rate in the u.s. is
one of the lowest in the developed world
and it dipped further this year forty
six point nine percent of the population
did not vote and of the fifty five point
six percent of people that did vote
twenty five point five percent voted for
Trump and twenty five point six percent
voted for Clinton that turnout decline
came as a shock to dr. michael mcdonald
a political scientist at the university
of florida after the record numbers of
early voters in this election but there
is a logic to it people who were
actively engaged following the election
were the ones that were voting but much
the rest of the country was disengaged
and so the really those numbers gave us
a false signal as to what was happening
with the electorate so who didn't show
up to vote MacDonald says that in places
where turnout went down it was Democrats
who had withdrawn from the electorate in
heavily Democratic Detroit Clinton
received about 78,000 fewer votes than
Obama did in 2012 and lost Michigan by
around 12,000 votes young voters
supported Hillary Clinton over Donald
Trump 55 percent to 37 percent but
Clinton's youth support still fell short
of both of President Obama's campaigns
exit polls also suggests Clinton
underperformed among African American
and Latino voters but take exit polls
with cautions as MacDonald the exit
polls are really meant to tell us why
people voted they're not really meant to
tell us what the demographic profile of
the electorate is exit polls might be
able to tell us who did vote but we
still don't know much about those who
didn't
some of the dip in turnout can be
chalked up to the usual cause apathy but
not all of it for some Americans
abstaining from the vote was a statement
Dexter Thomas spent election day with
one Ohio voter who made a point of
staying home
on election day like a lot of people in
America Danielle Anderson got up and got
ready for the day and like a lot of
people in America she didn't vote
I'm nervous we telling the whole world
that I'm not voting today because it's a
really big deal like people hearing like
you're not voting it's gonna anger
people what do you think that is because
it should people who are voting they're
not voting because they like a candidate
they're voting because they're scared
because it's their family on the line
this is their livelihood this is their
well-being so I get that Danielle is 22
years old and mom to one-year-old Cooper
she Cooper and Cooper's dad live in
Middletown Ohio she voted for President
Obama four years ago and this year she
was a Bernie Sanders supporter I decided
not to vote because I think this whole
election sheds light on everything
that's wrong with our systems there
isn't a red or a blue candidate that I
that I could ever stand behind or even
if I voted because the other person is
just so bad I wouldn't feel like it if
that person won I would have won
something whether or not you actually
vote the government will affect you
somehow yeah are you prepared to deal
with those consequences whatever those
might be yeah so I have really looked
into what worst case scenario could be
there's like a lot of really touchy
things especially for me as a new parent
on the ballot and so I think about you
know the possibility that Obama care
would be overturned which is something
that I have
because of that like I didn't have to
worry about how I was going to afford my
epidural or how I was going to afford to
hold my baby I think about how bad it
would be if Obamacare got overturned and
I had to figure out a plan B and I could
do it I think that my statement is more
important than if I lose that when they
announced the winner tonight when they
say this is it this is the person I'm
going to be a piece with my decision not
to have gone
thank you thank you very much
so you feeling this morning do you
regret not voting at all I don't because
I think what I thought was gonna happen
is gonna happen everyone's freaking out
part of me feels like maybe I should be
scared because there's a lot at stake
for a lot of other people but I don't
think things would have changed if
Hillary Clinton would have won I think
things are going to change so I guess in
a way though you are kind of saying we
just need to burn everything down and
start over it yeah probably yeah so we
burned everything down what better way
to get people to change the country than
by making it by giving them no other
choice by saying hey you're going to
have this crazy lunatic for four years
or you're going to do something about it
if things are worst-case scenario for
four years but the outcome is a lifetime
of a better country than four years it's
a blink of an eye and I don't I don't
regret not voting
financial markets tumbled overnight as
Donald Trump moved closer to claiming
the presidency but by the time trading
closed this afternoon the Dow Jones was
up more than 250 points as roberto
furred minh explains that probably isn't
the end of the story
volatility we're going to see a lot of
this going forward as everyone tries to
figure out what a trump presidency means
for the US and global economy markets
are going to be a little all over the
place we saw this last night when the
price of gold and Bitcoin jumped because
at least for a moment investors thought
it was safer to own borderless
currencies than actual American dollars
what's scary about that is the dollar
has been the world's safe haven for
decades every foreign investor in
government fetishizes it and that leads
to an important question if even the
safest haven isn't safe anymore what
should people do with their money
unfortunately there isn't a great answer
right now in uncertain times one simple
thing to do is save more cash that was
true even before Trump super low
investment returns and longer lifespans
mean we all need to have more savings
the uncertainty surrounding an upcoming
Trump administration only makes that
more true but if everyone sits on their
money spending and investing slows then
companies start to cut costs jobs go
away and it becomes harder for everyone
to earn a decent paycheck hoarding is
one of the reasons the recession start
the solution for any one person right
now isn't the solution for the economy
as a whole and until we have a better
sense of how Trump is going to behave as
president that probably isn't going to
change
Hillary Clinton hoped to break what she
often calls the highest glass ceiling
she fell short in her concession speech
on Wednesday she expressed hope that
someone else might do it soon but
history suggests that it might be a long
time coming where one woman paves the
way voters usually aren't quick to elect
another jeannette rankin of montana the
first female representative in Congress
was elected in 1917 but Montana didn't
elect a woman to the house again until
1941 and it was Rankin back for an
encore Rebekah Latimer Felton of Georgia
was America's first female senator she
was appointed in 1922 after the sitting
senator died in office she served for
just 24 hours while the Senate was in
session nine years later Patti caraway
of Arkansas became the first woman
elected to the Senate in her own right
but 60 more years passed before Arkansas
elected its next female senator in 1999
in total there have been two hundred and
fifty six women representatives 46
senators and just 38 governor's five
states still have an elected of 21 have
never elected a female senator and 23
have never elected a female governor but
female candidates did make progress in
this election a record number of women
ran for office and 89 of them won races
across the country America now has its
first Latina senator its second black
female senator and its first openly LGBT
governor
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
November 9
