in just a few hours Americans will have
a new president elect and a new
runner-up Donald Trump is never won or
lost a political race before but Hillary
Clinton knows the torture of a
concession speech well this isn't
exactly the party I'd planned but I sure
liked the company vice news spoke with
speech writers from earlier campaigns
find out how they prepare for the
hardest speech a candidate ever has to
give it is the most authentic moment on
a campaign and what's a more humbling
and honest moment then right after
you've been rejected by a lot of people
for a really important job that maybe
you've prepared your whole life for I
promise you four years ago that I would
never lie to you so I can't stand it or
night and say it doesn't hurt concession
speeches can sometimes be even more
important than victory speeches and more
memorable there's an opportunity to
write for history because it often is
the last word from that person on what
their campaign was I was thinking on the
way down the elevator tomorrow be the
first time in my life I don't anything
to do the weird thing about being a
speechwriter is I'm taking that
emotional pivot about seven days out
from the rest of the campaign you have
to consider fully a reality that you've
not wanted to consider for the entire
length of the campaign
and you kind of feel like you need to
keep it even under wraps that you're
working on this I literally walked into
the ballroom with a folder and on one
side was a victory speech on one side
was a concession speech I just had to
wait for the call which one are we going
to use tonight I wish Godspeed to the
man who was my former opponent and will
be my president one of the goals is to
help your supporters who are feeling
angry place that anger in the proper
place most concession speeches after
people give them everybody in America
sits back and says I wish they had been
that person the whole way along but in
an American election there are no losers
because whether or not our candidates
are successful the next morning we all
wake up as Americans having the losing
candidate come out and say we all accept
the results of the election democracy is
more important than any of our personal
grievances that sends a message what
worldwide and tonight for the sake of
our unity of the people and the strength
of our democracy I offer my concession
his speech reminded us that we are
united not by the people we support but
by the institution's we've created and I
call on all Americans I particularly
urge all who stood with us to unite
behind our next president
it was this incredible patriotic moment
where he said that's more important than
me I think McCain's concession speech
was one of the one of the best beaches
in recent memory today I was a candidate
for the highest office in the country I
love so much and tonight I remained her
servant there needs to be the sense that
we both present in our case and you came
out winning without a loser's concession
speech it undermines the institutions of
democracy of the way that our elections
work of the idea that our democracy is
stronger and more durable and more
resilient than any one vote concession
speeches prove that we are a democracy
you
