everyone that you were watching vice
news and as we have been all day we are
live it is election day and we have been
partnering with our friends at vote
caster and slate to bring you the
information that the other news networks
are not bringing you today we are
bringing you voter turnout a
play-by-play a voter turnout from
battleground states as it comes in we're
going to be bringing you it live
throughout the rest of the day but first
of all we're going to be here with Matt
Phillips advice money hey Matt hey I'm
doing well how are you I'm doing great
good at you know one of the things that
we've been hearing a lot from this
entire election has been Donald Trump
but one of the things that we have been
hearing as much of is a trump supporter
and voter apart from like snippets their
rallies we really haven't even getting
March play of what a trump supporter
actually is thinking and feeling and the
reasons why they might be actually
heading towards a trump fo oversight a
Clinton or an independent so one of the
things that we did here at bison use was
actually go to the dinner table and sit
down with the family we talked about
voting for Donald Trump take a look at
this
people are tired of what's going on and
sometimes it'll take a guy that's not
your normal guy called misfit and use
him to turn this thing around what this
guy's saying is real he's not afraid to
say what he wants to say and I realized
little by little the Republican Party
and the foundation I looked up to as a
conservative party is out of whack as a
democratic party my party is sold out to
the establishment and the elites and
it's become so far off track that after
it was all said and done I said you know
what as crazy as this guy says things
he's got something that resonates with
me and it is we need to get back to the
foundation what this country started as
do I think he's our savior no but I
think he can be used at least he's got
enough guts to stand him say hey we got
to change the way we're going because if
we don't we're done that's why people
will go for a guy like Trump he may not
say that but at least he's willing to
say something and stand up for somebody
and our politicians both sides of the
fence have forgotten who they're serving
here people want to change but they
didn't know what else to do because this
is the political establishment that we
have Republican and Democrat has went
berserk oh they're not for the people i
believe and this is my opinion this is
the most important election in the
history of our united states and i
believe it this doesn't get right now
we're done
we have with Matt before I have to bring
in Dexter just compliments k and guys we
are a back here with Matt Phillips head
of vice money and Matson you know we
heard from Don Bowman just then you know
he is a voter in Ohio and he is giving
years reasons why he's voting for Trump
you know he said the Conservative Party
is out of whack the one that he looked
up to when he was younger is out of
whack is that sort of what you're seeing
is that indicative of the economy in the
state of the economy in some of these
Rust Belt states in places like Ohio in
the Midwest yeah there's this really
interesting interplay between the
economics and the demographics of a lot
of these states that are good targets
for the Trump campaign so for example in
Ohio the unemployment rate has actually
come down quite sharply from the peaks
of around eleven percent in the
immediate aftermath of the financial
crisis a lot of that has to do with the
industrial mix it was a heavy tilting
towards autumn automotive industry which
benefited a lot from the automotive
bailout under Obama but over the long
term these areas of the country have
been pretty stagnant and there hasn't
been a lot of job growth there and so
they've seen a lot of out migration and
that's sort of why demographically they
are more white than the country as a
whole slightly lower education in the
country as a whole and we know that's
kind of the textbook definition of a
trump voter is that you Donald Trump
obviously he's been kind of targeting
these states are pretty heavily in the
last few weeks of campaigning and he has
been talking on repeat about Jonah you
know China coming in taking the jobs how
much of that do you think is going to be
resonating with some of these voters in
Ohio even though as you say that you
know the economy isn't actually doing as
badly as perhaps a Donald Trump is
making out to be I think one of the
areas where you'd want to look really
closely to see how that turns out is in
some of the more industrialized states
the states around sorry the counties
around Cleveland they will give you a
sense of how the blue collar vote will
go but that message is clearly clearly
resonated especially with a working
class or non-college educated white men
that seems to be one
the key points that he hits that really
seems to strike a nerve with them
