gun control supporters haven't had much
luck getting legislation through
Congress or state legislatures so
they're trying something different
launching ballot initiatives that will
let voters not politicians decide policy
on Election Day a record four states
will vote on gun initiatives Maine and
Nevada will vote on measures to expand
background checks on firearm purchases
in California voters will decide whether
to ban high-capacity magazines and
require background checks on ammunition
purchases in Washington state voters
will consider an initiative 1491
it will let judges issue extreme wrist
protection orders that would make it
easier to remove firearms from people
who pose a demonstrable threat I'm here
today because too many families have
been touched by gun violence too many
people have been killed and we have an
obligation to step up and stop it I'm
here today because my son took his own
life and that of his stepsisters life
just a little over a year ago in June of
last year Maryland Belser axe
23 year olds severely autistic son James
purchased a gun at a local supermarket
and shot his stepsister Brianna Smith
before taking his own life what happened
that day that day Matt and I were
supposed to go golfing that day and it
was around 2 o'clock and we hadn't seen
Brianna which was kind of unusual she's
a pretty social butterfly so I walked up
to her room I was gonna tell her that we
were getting ready to go and I opened up
the door and I saw her lying on the
floor against the wall and there was
blood on her pillow and on the wall on
the bed I thought she fell down and hit
her head on the nightstand then I know
when you hit your head you bleed a lot
and I thought how on earth did she do
that
I'm on the phone to 9-1-1 and while I
was on the phone Matt
cause screamed out oh my god James here
there's a gun on us just James's
emotional state had deteriorated in the
last years of his life he had shown
increasing signs of aggressive and
suicidal tendencies one night when she
felt threatened enough by James to call
the police Marilyn asked the responding
officers if there was a way to keep
James from ever purchasing a weapon they
said to me the only way to keep guns out
of James's hand would be get a
restraining order against him hope that
he breaks that restraining order or
commits another crime and then they
could take their guns away otherwise
there's no reason why you can't have a
gun the ballot initiative bouncer Attica
sponsoring would allow family household
members and police to get a court order
that would prevent people who are risk
to themselves and others from having
guns supporters have raised more than 4
million dollars and have the backing of
tech billionaire Steve Ballmer and Paul
Allen the NRA is strongly opposed to the
measure and even the American Civil
Liberties Union has reservations they
told us they have concerns that it could
infringe on due process for gun owners
it's something that concerns bill Burris
too burrs the spokesman for the
washington state law enforcement
firearms instructors Association and a
vocal gun rights advocate the fact of
the matter is the problem here is that
you have in your property taken without
due process on the word of one person
it's inappropriate the ballot initiative
seems to be polling well a point of
contention for Burris who says he lost
more than 10 colleagues during his three
decades as a cop what is it that you
think is not getting through to the
people that this is actually something
that should be of concern to them it
makes a mockery of the Constitution it
makes a mockery of your civil rights and
you can't have it both ways
you can't have a G right now it's
convenient to ignore civil rights and
later on we're gonna observe civil
rights there either good all the time or
they're not good at all balus Iraq is
optimistic the initiative could prevent
future tragedies what do you hope that
1491 will accomplish I hope that it will
keep families from going through what
ours have gone through
I cannot say how this affects a family
especially when there is a
murder-suicide
it's horrible and who better than loved
ones knows if there is somebody within
your family that needs to be protected
from a gun
