11 days before an election strikes me as
highly unusual in a vice news exclusive
senator Tim Kaine talked about the FBI
disclosure that's roiling the
presidential race with 11 days to go the
feds announced today that they're
investigating a new batch of emails from
the private server that Hillary Clinton
used as Secretary of State the FBI found
the messages when it seized electronic
devices belonging to Clinton aide Huma
abidine and her husband former
Congressman Anthony Weiner who's accused
of sending explicit messages to an
underage girl senator Kaine sat down
with vice news this afternoon in
Tallahassee when you do this 11 days
before a presidential election and you
don't provide many details but details
are apparently being given by the FBI to
the press this is very very troubling
and we hope that the director we really
think that he should give a clearer
accounting of exactly what's going on
right now you think he's doing the wrong
thing the FBI director is not doing a
job right he ought to be more clear
rather than just kind of do this cryptic
reference 11 days before the election I
think that's important and also how can
you be so confident that this is not
going to anything bad I mean aren't you
like the only guy who doesn't really
know what's in those emails well look I
I think they wouldn't have reached that
conclusion after a vest agaye shun that
went on for multiple months unless they
felt that they could state with some
certainty and they didn't say it was
close they said no reasonable prosecutor
would take this case and it wasn't a
close decision even to say that so the
fact that they're now saying okay well
in another case we're looking at
something and that may cause us to go
back and decide to reopen they reached a
pretty unequivocal determination they
didn't have to but they did obviously
the Republicans have been beating them
up for it ever since and the Republicans
have seized on this and Donald Trump's
using it in a rally but 11 days before
an election strikes me as highly unusual
and I just hope that the director will
give a fuller accounting of exactly what
is being examined
