four years ago Hurricane sandy laid
waste to the East Coast destroying more
than 200,000 homes and inflicting fifty
billion dollars in damage
but while sandy devastated many
waterfront areas in New York City
nearby Governors Island survived
unscathed thanks to a storm resistant
design aerial Dewi Emrys visited the
architect to find out how he protected
the island the heart of the park is in
Lincoln Terrace said this this is
Audrianna hersa a landscape architect
from the netherlands in 2007 he began
redesigning the southern half of
Governors Island a former military base
turned public park just south of
Manhattan in York Harbor as a Dutch
architect Audrey on has spent his whole
life thinking about rising water I'm
from a family where both my dad and my
grandfather were civil engineers also
working on dikes much of the Netherlands
is below sea level and for more than a
thousand years his ancestors developed
dikes dams and canals to keep it at bay
I'm born below sea level so for me it is
in my DNA I see the world differently
because I'm from the Netherlands culture
obsessed with Seattle New York city
planners realize that they also needed
to adapt to this reality enter hersa
when we came here the first time we saw
the island flat as a pancake not more
than me and I'll feet above sea level so
I thought would you build a park here
the park will be lost in the first storm
in consideration that the sea can be
peaceful as today but also be very
violent to help the island withstand
this potential violence he proposed
novel idea build a series of rolling
hills on its southern tip not only do
the hills offer great views of the New
York skyline by elevating the island
nearly 15 feet they protected against
future storm surges well the most simple
low-tech solution for climate change if
you live on the shore is that you
elevate the land
when we started working on this island
we introduced the ID well we have to
ship debris and recycle the buildings
into new hills for establishing a park
that it will overcome every storm on
October 29 2012 audriana's design was
put to the test Hurricane sandy caused
billions of dollars of damage to New
York City's coastline but the hills the
who'sa designed to protect Governors
Island did their job the harbor was
confronted with the evacuation and then
a lot of equipment was positioned on our
new shaped island so it was very clear
that climate related engineering of the
park was the right approach
according to Audrey on his Governors
Island design is one small solution to a
much larger problem what is your
reaction when you look at the Manhattan
shoreline and see that there are
buildings very close to the shoreline
and that it's not elevated the American
Coast is very vulnerable for flooding in
the future most of civilization is on
the shore and the world is facing
tremendous problems due to climate
change so we have to re-engineer
civilization
