the story you just said yeah show me how
many people have already seen it all
right let's check 10.1 K already wait
you doing that ten point six ten point
seven ten point eight ten point nine
eleven and then it just does that all
day so it's like when I post it's crazy
this is the life of a fourteen-year-old
star Jacob Sartorius has millions of
followers across Instagram Twitter
YouTube and snapchat but his biggest
following is on musically le rÃªve
braved a mosh pit of preteen girls to
get the story in your white seems like a
dream about a hundred and thirty million
people and roughly half of the teen and
pre teen population in the u.s. our
musically users
the platform lets them post videos of
themselves lip-syncing to their favorite
songs jacob post three times a day to
his 11 million followers lip-synching to
everyone from Lana Del Rey to Kendrick
Lamar Jacob his most famous for
lip-syncing but he isn't talentless his
gift is knowing how to connect through
screens and make every teen girl feel
like he's talking only to her also he
has tall hair so what exactly do you do
on musically that the girls like so much
um I don't know I kind of just like
trying to be myself as much as I can and
like be as goofy as I'd normally am off
camera but I don't like try really hard
or anything but in the music Lee is you
like touch your hair a lot ya are
touching important I mean sometimes I
like to pretend like I'm like a model
and sometimes I cooperate that with my
music please and so Jacob lives in the
DC suburbs his parents work in
international aid and seem a little
uneasy about his online fame when he was
11 Jacob posted an anti bullying vine
and it blew up overnight he grew his
following across social media by talking
to fans as if there were no screen
between them do you feel like here 6
million people's boyfriends there's
times when I'm like okay I got six
million girlfriends but no not really
I kind of just think of them as
supporters because they're there every
day it's like we actually have built
such a like a big relationship so yeah
his fans show their devotion by sending
him gifts and handmade science from all
over the world
yeah Ninja Turtles Wow wait there's more
in there and she got me a puppy - this
is like Christmas all these gifts it's
wrong did you buy wait really
ooh do you know what that means this is
your name in Arabic that says we do you
get a lot of fan mail from the Middle
East from everywhere yeah like I'd be
looking I'm like whoa
and a lot of the places I've never been
so it's cool to know that I have
supporters or cuz maybe I'll tour there
one day
Jacob already has the fanbase of a pop
star now he's trying to become one his
first song sweatshirt is about
acknowledging romantic desire through
cotton fleece
mic is the new king Jacob doesn't make
money from musically and while his
YouTube accounts have generated more
than a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars in the last five months he makes
most of his money through touring music
sales and merchandise all that after
releasing just three songs we went to
his sold-out show up a thousand in
Baltimore he says on Instagram and
musically
I love you you're beautiful it's very
personal for you tell me what you like
yeah
it's like if you have really low
self-esteem seeing that just sort of
makes you feel better and helps you like
keep going throughout your day it's like
the boys at our school would never say
that to us it's just everything that we
wanted
this show what's amazing
it smelled like cherry chapstick and
vanilla lotion to give us a very good
performer it felt like they believed his
song lyrics like I felt like a big pool
of high self-esteem
I was hiding anything
but the
