travel through the Arctic used to be
virtually impossible
in 1906 explorer Roald Amundsen became
the first person to navigate the
infamous Northwest Passage the far
northern sea route that connects the
Atlantic and Pacific it took him three
years to navigate the endless pack ice
today that ice has melted and the
Northwest Passage is open not only to
commercial ships but to cruise liners
Ariel do em Ross traveled to Nunavut
Canada to find out how Arctic tourism
has changed life for those who have been
there for generations
Pond Inlet sits on the eastern entrance
to the Northwest Passage just west of
Greenland it's a town of only 1,500
people most of them into it natives to
the Arctic North inna Mukhtar is a
community health worker who's lived in
Pond Inlet for most of her life what are
we seeing right now to cruise ships
the black one is laborious and the white
one is academic guy healthy and they're
landing yeah in front of my backyard
they're in our hunting zone there's
hardly any no wheels coming by the ships
disrupt the marine mammals yes they do
if the marine mammals are not there
anymore that means we're gonna have to
travel further to go hot for food
Northwest Passage transits have
increased from four per year in the
1980s to more than four times that in
recent years but the ships that arrived
at Mach tars house were small compared
to the crystal serenity which docked in
Pond Inlet later that weekend with over
1700 passengers and crew it was largest
cruise liner to ever traverse the
Northwest Passage for the best and
luxury cruising the difference is
crystal-clear the serenity is equipped
with a driving green a casino and a Nobu
sushi bar tickets go for as much as a
hundred and twenty thousand dollars per
person
the crystal serenity was still sold out
with a waiting list tell me about the
boat how is it so far
its glorious my sheets are starched and
changed every day we have a butler that
walks in with tails on and gives us our
breakfast and it's very much it is
extremely so everything is top-notch
it's an adventure but it's very classy
adventure researchers and scientists
confirm that increased maritime traffic
in the Northwest Passage produces noise
that can drive marine mammals away given
how expensive food and local grocery
stores is that's a major source of
concern when I was here in March I
bought it tomato a cucumber in an
avocado it is $20 per tomato a cucumber
and avocado yeah there's a lot of money
yeah if hunters have to go out farther
and longer to search for animals
there's expenses there's fuel and
they're away from their families longer
but hunters also share all of their
catch with the whole community and so
from a food security point they're not
successful that could be a big problem
yeah could you just compensate by just
buying food and said no it goes beyond
just the nourishment seals are at the
heart of their culture
we met up with a local elder Elijah who
remembers a time before tourism so I'm
not in your rocks immediately beyond me
get it there what governme Kuna didn't
have to tell you how much I was a
billionaire to do I didn't mess up the
tablet iPad another meet you how
important is it for the community to be
able to hunt marine mammals una tarea to
the high court Amanda they have to
support the diversity government Amoco
nearly achieved we're ruining a disaster
I had a sue court reporter I could see a
woman King a a new tire track rising key
narrative I want to surround the leg is
enough etosha too soon with o-tar on a
narrow humor in it in many popular in a
statement to vice news Crystal Cruises
says that the serenity exceeded the
standards required to cruise in Alaska
regulations are more stringent than in
the Northwest Passage the serenity is
set to sail through the Northwest
Passage again in 2017 other ships are
likely to follow its lead
