you might remember melrose place as the
super soapy la drama with beautiful
white people that was huge in the
nineteen what you might not know is that
it was broadcasting subversive messages
hello Alice take a closer look at the
blanket on Alison's lab it shows the
chemical structure for ru-486 it's
abortion pill right the conceptual
artist Mel Chen was responsible for
sneaking politically motivated art
pieces onto the show today those pieces
are on display in New York and we we
developed this piece for Alison who is
pregnant in a world that women still
need to have to control over their
destiny right well that's the other
thing that it's so shocking it's like
this is the mid-90s and it's 20 years
later exactly and I feel like we were
considering all these things that should
have been done by that during its fourth
and fifth seasons without the actors
knowledge the producers worked with a
gala committee a crew of artists led by
chin to make covert statements that
bypass the Federal Communications
Commission talk to me about the safety
sheets so if you look at this these uh
these are very small but they're
unrolled condoms oh so they're condoms
that have been unfurled yeah this was
for Peter burns bedroom suite okay and
we felt that he was involved with so
many couplings and he's ever saw him
once think about the safety of his
relationships right woman and so we said
we thought we'd developed this piece
form it was it was highly taboo for this
kind of imagery to be able to this day
which is crazy I think it's crazy I
guess how close were you at any given
point to getting busted by the FCC we
never we never encountered that really
know we're doing we were doing something
very unexpected some prime time
television that why would you think
there would be content and context to
works of props when it was on the air
Melrose Place drew an average of
thirteen million viewers now that it's
globally syndicated and available
through streaming services
viewers throughout the world can see the
hidden messages Mary you want some food
I always want food okay there's some
food for thought most Chinese
restaurants you have the Double
Happiness their prosperity this is a
character that represents turmoil and
turmoil was used to take down the
tenement revolution fine man I'm sorry
to bother you this word is human rights
all right so imagine the moment when it
comes on to its indication in a country
that a billion people read Chinese
eventually the gala committee even
convinced melrose places writers to add
a character who was an artist no no
problem I'm digging this exhibit the
story became a meta-narrative about the
power of public art to elevate the most
public platform network television fight
she bombing a Baghdad so talk to me
about whether or not you've seen any
copycats like other people attempting
this kind of art on TV shows I have not
but I'm not a super watcher but are
there any other sort of spores that
you've been planted in other media that
will detonate in our future well now
have I told you that would be totally
improper of me if we were doing our
covert operation and then all sudden but
this kind of project is open for anyone
copy or emulate or transcendent
you
