San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin
Kaepernick knelt again during the
national anthem yesterday continuing a
season-long protest against racial
injustice fans in Buffalo where the
Niners were playing booed him and
chanted USA Bills fans are hardly alone
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader
Ginsburg called the protest dumb and
disrespectful , she later withdrew on
Sunday at least 18 other NFL players
knelt or raised their right fist during
the anthem including the Dolphins Arian
Foster one of the most accomplished
running backs in the league J Caspian
Kang spoke with him last week in Miami
what do you think it is about the
national anthem then like why this one
moment that only exists really before
sports games like why do you think this
is created as controversy they mark it
the American flag and they market the
national anthem like this is supposed to
be everybody's coming together and
everybody is supposed to feel pride in
this country at this moment in time and
and everybody doesn't feel that way I
don't even think the song should be our
national anthem is it's a racist song if
you look at the other verses of it it's
it's not something that should be
representative of an entire country
there are a lot of people who say like
you know football players should just
play football they're better people to
deliver this message like where's your
response to that I would agree that
there are better people to deliver this
message but they don't have the platform
that's just more division they're trying
to just divide it's it's another it's
another way of saying shut up jigaboo
and dance for me what I want you to
dance that's all that's it when you see
photos of high school kids kneeling in
games how does that make you feel I
think it's a beautiful thing and I say
that because I look at it like Colin
Kaepernick took a knee and he started
something I said I've seen this in
communities I feel this and there's some
other players in if I took your knee and
said man I feel that too
and there's some high school players
saying you know I feel that too and some
volleyball players say I feel that too
soccer players I feel that too and I
think that's just a powerful sharing of
emotions across the country via a
national anthem that's supposed to bring
people together well it is just not how
you like it what would have to happen
for you to stand during the national
anthem what would have to happen for me
to stand for the national anthem
honestly man I'm not sure I will stab
you
you
