more than a thousand people have died in
Haiti since Hurricane Matthew hit and
the death toll continues to climb part
of the reason Matthew was so devastating
was that it went from common tropical
storm to category 5 super storm in just
36 hours giving people in its path very
little time to prepare area um Ross
explains why high intensity storms like
Matthew are something we're likely to
see more often when scientists say the
climate change will lead to more extreme
weather it can often sound like we're
just gonna have more storms but
researchers aren't sure what climate
change will do to storm frequency what
they do know is that the storms that we
have now are gonna get way more intense
and here's why a tropical storm morphs
into a hurricane
by converting heat from the ocean into
wind power so as the temperature of the
ocean Rises it makes it a lot easier for
a storm to intensify to a category 4 or
5 it's like putting a jet engine on a
bulldozer and that's what's so notable
about Matthew it kept building power
causing storm surges of up to 7 feet
above normal tides in the southern US
combine that with the fact that rising
sea levels are inching shorelines closer
to people's homes and you've got a
powerful recipe for destruction
