grabbed by the have to do anything
when the trump tape came to light last
Friday networks begin playing it on the
loop and while a lot of Americans were
offended by crums graphic language a few
were more offended that the network
showed him saying it Jason Leopold has
more I filed a Freedom of Information
Act request with the FCC for any
complaints have received about the tape
over the weekend unbelievably the agency
responded to my request within a day
which means I not only have all 23
complaints the agency received on
Saturday and Sunday but that I now
probably hold the record for the fastest
response to a FOIA request ever one
viewer in Nevada asked if the tape is so
bad that Trump should drop out of the
race saying at one time then why is it
okay for CNN to run it four times an
hour for 48 hours straight several
people were upset because their children
were watching TV with them when the tape
was played an Alabama parent said I was
watching the show with my 13 year old
and was completely stunned they did not
edit those words in the subtitle or
audio I continued to watch and they did
it several more times as a viewer from
New Jersey told the FCC as I'm filling
this form out they replayed it again and
this time I heard the word in
addition to tits and the FCC used a
standard form letter explaining the
limits of the agency's power to respond
to the complaint which are all
relatively similar except for one it
didn't address the tape instead it was
from the Missouri viewer who is angry
the local NBC affiliate broadcast a
protester holding a sign with two words
the viewer found very objectionable
those words Trump
