radio host Glenn Beck was once the hood
ornament on the screeching car known as
the tea party mr. president
you sir are either delusional or you're
the dumbest son of a bitch on the planet
but like a lot of other conservatives
Beck's voice has been muted by the rise
of Donald Trump and the strangeness of
campaign 2016 he invited correspondent
Michael Moynihan to his ranch in Idaho
to watch last night's debate and discuss
the future of conservatism post Trump
I imagine there are a lot of very
beautiful ranches in Texas where you
live full-time why why here you know you
grow up around the mountains that it
just gives you I mean that she's you
know you look you look if that's already
created the baby this is where Glenn
Beck comes to escape escape civilization
and an election that's left him without
a party do you think you actually could
have changed the path that we were on
now and you have a lot of influence I
have a lot of influence I don't know
that you are the man responsible for
Donald Trump couldn't be further from
the truth
why okay I'll take you to the episodes
where I warned that that man would come
you think it's trouble now we're at the
beginning this this movement that Trump
he didn't start he tapped into if
anybody caused it it was the political
parties lying to the people on both
sides and and I will tell you that it
has crossed my mind to vote for Trump to
vote for Hillary it has crossed my mind
I think Donald Trump is so unstable so
dangerous that it has crossed my mind I
can't do it because she's just she's
just a horse of a different color you
know she's just as bad but but you never
considered voting for Donald Trump no so
it's not a horse of a different color
it's a different horse ladies and
gentlemen the Republican nominee for
president Donald J Trump and the
Democratic nominee for president loot
irate i quick red tie that look powerful
we subjected back to something he hadn't
planned on doing watching a debate
between two people he thinks are
terrible
we're gonna make America safe again
we're gonna make America great again
this is Roger Ailes it says Roger Ailes
all over do you think this is a nails
programming technique how so just keep
coming back just keep coming back they
hit him with a tranquilizer dart right
in the neck it's just awfully good that
someone with the temperament of Donald
Trump is not in charge of the law in our
country because you'd be in jail
Secretary Clinton it's great I mean if
I'm the guy I'm just saying he's fine
the guy who is sitting at the bar
he just won Beck says that he no longer
understands the American people in hopes
that those pulling a lever for Trump or
simply casting a vote against Hillary
Clinton I would have said there's no way
he could win now I look at both of these
guys and say how many people in this
country are now walking gonna walk into
a voting booth and go I will never admit
this I don't want anybody to know but I
don't I don't want her to win you get
10% of people that want to do this they
just want the whole thing burned down
you never had that feeling you burn
they're getting to burning it down no
you can't put that genie back in the
bottle people don't realize hey how good
America is okay we've got a lot of
problems we're really screwed up but we
are we're still the flow deist piece of
poop in the toilet roll okay we are we
still do a lot of good
you
