do you know how much in here day care
costs the average is $12,000 a year
that's how much about doctor dollars
that's Baby Talk for that to dispenser
if I could afford to have kids out have
kids I have a whole little village to
young White's because that's my last
name
now you might not be interesting to
having kids but if people aren't having
kids because they can't afford them
then our population won't grow if our
population doesn't grow then it's gonna
be hard for our economy to grow so I'm
gonna figure out how to afford kids
these kids are super cute but they have
no idea how much they're draining their
parents bank accounts it's gonna cost
them approximately two hundred eighty
two thousand dollars just to raise this
little one from birth to age 18 maybe
that's why I'm making birth rates at
all-time low since 2007 they've dropped
and percent so think about if you want
to have kids how do you pay for them Tom
and Rita Wong is the author of two
best-selling financial advice books a
former professor of behavioral economics
at NYU and a mom so I want her advice a
toast to a great time bakit afford to
have kids right now I wouldn't 23 you
know get to grow up in my kid still
young enough to slapbox women but that
said I can afford my expenses I can for
my mom to spend successfully that's not
as possible
great anything else would throw a monkey
wrench right what I'm doing right now so
when's the right time
when you want one period don't forget
that this is a human being what you want
to get this kid and how much it's gonna
cost really depends on you from my mom's
generation and for her parents and my
pops his parents it was easier to raise
a kid cost WAP it means our incomes have
stayed the same for 20 years but the
costs of living shot through the roof so
the financial strain of having kids for
your generation is bigger than ever
which is why we see the birth rate going
way down why we see the age convert
getting married and people having
children go way up
what does something like that do to our
economy the population growth is going
to go down and we are gonna live a lot
longer so things are gonna have to
change because we're not gonna have the
population to support the older folks
you know so then how do you make it work
you have to see the people around you as
your community and as your network
there's a thing and behavioral
economists call the psychic costs when
you're stressed out as a parent if you
have this network in this community
around me you can say you know what I
need a minute can you take my kid you
lessen the strain of having a kid the
psychic costs around you you make better
financial decisions
I like Karma's advice the community
she's describing reminds me a lot of the
one that I was raised in now I'm going
back to chat with Mika and Andres real
life experts thank you guys for opening
your home to us do you all have four
kids what a plan well we we are we
planned on going out that night and okay
and they just ended up with a baby we
knew we wanted a big family okay but we
did not say well we're gonna do this and
hope nine months from now now we have a
bundle of joy when was crunch time is
going to happen how did you prepare you
worked a lot of overtime a lot of
overtime the Hustle is real in the
hospital's real did you do anything to
cut back on your expenses we were a
two-car household for a very long time
but we decided to cut back and get rid
of one car
occasional occasions occasion do you
ever miss them
we take lots of staycations right as a
couple the kids get to go away a lot
more than we do how important is
networking been with you guys in raising
their family you want to build
relationships because for those times
when he's working or if I'm at work you
have to rely on other parents to help be
friendly because you never know you just
never know what you're gonna meet thank
you very much
I've taken some notes from two awesome
parents as we make delicious but
affordable topics it sinks in there's no
silver bullet or magic app that makes
kids affordable what I get from Carmen
and Mika and Andres is get ready to
hustle harder make big sacrifices and
while you're at it try to make some
friends cuz you're gonna need them if
you're like me you're like asking people
for help I get it but it's the weight of
four kids is being a better friend to
your neighbor now I'm okay with that
