so is about more than just your paycheck
yeah it's been warned your paycheck you
know you losing the PC history and you
know it's not seem kinda strange it's
fencing off a place and you'll never go
back to it you know today President
Obama declared the first marine National
Monument in the Atlantic Ocean this
decision came after an array of
untouched coral reefs were discovered
150 miles off the coast of New England
in 2014 we went to New Bedford
Massachusetts to find out more
new bedford is the most lucrative
fishing port in the country bringing in
over 300 million dollars worth of catch
every year the port is home to many
fisheries including scallops crabs and
lobsters but there's a lot more than
seafood in these waters ready to die
pilot is ready going down 50 metres at
hold please in 2014 a survey by the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration revealed 73 unique
species of several hundred year old
corals all in the area now slated for
protection just a reminder you are not
looking at Hawaii this is right off the
coast of Connecticut the reason for
selecting this area is that it is very
very unusual maybe unique and it's coral
formations the canyons combined with the
undersea mountains that are the highest
east of the Rockies Senator Richard
Blumenthal asked President Obama to use
his executive power and designate the
area as the first ever Atlantic Marine
National Monument the monument will
encompass almost 5000 square miles into
an underwater national park that's about
five times the size of Rhode Island
there's an urgency to protect this area
through alignment before commercial
interests damage or destroy it you
mentioned that it's pristine what
exactly is threatening it right now
what's threatening any part of the ocean
where there may be natural resources are
oil and mineral exploration man's
inevitable effort to develop and exploit
resources under the sea but what effect
will it have on the regional fishing
industry
John Brewer comes from a long line of
lobster fishermen and has been captain
of this boat the Hannah Boden for eight
years so what does it mean to lose that
area it's money out of your pocket and
it's putting more pressure on other
spots that don't have as many crabs that
you might pass real quick you know your
tongue will put them on even 150 miles
offshore where 99% of the people are
never gonna see it or probably even hear
about it and you put people out of work
to do it you know the Atlantic red crab
company which John works for estimates
that twenty to forty percent of their
catch could disappear and now that the
monument is established that would mean
five million dollars in losses annually
it doesn't make you feel very good like
you're losing party history and part of
what you've done all your life you know
this Sanders plane you can almost get
emotional thinking about it if you want
to do you care about yeah everybody
cares about the korells you know but you
they've been there for a thousand years
and people gonna fish in there for
hundreds of years you know isn't this
still there you know
many fisheries are questioning the
legality of establishing this monument
through executive power Brewer and other
local fishermen think that designating
the monument by executive order through
the antiquities act and not a bill
negotiated by Congress is an unfair way
to keep the fishermen out of the process
so I've spoken to some fishermen down in
New Bedford Massachusetts they feel that
they're gonna be really negatively
impacted by this what would you say to
them I'd say that there are other areas
where they can do the same kind of
fishing do you think of the fishermen
the ones that I've spoken to have been
very vocal that they feel left out that
they're for conservation but you know
that area they want they wanted to have
access to it do you think that they have
a right to be upset right now they have
a right to be heard I think the
president should hear them he's gonna
make the decision about both the
boundaries and the existence of this
National Monument
their arguments ought to be given the
weight they deserve with this monument
now declared many fisheries will have to
stop their practices immediately the red
crab and lobster fishery is however will
have seven years to continue fishing in
the area as they make a transition to
other waters
