our job here is to go in there find the
stories that you know are not being told
with these burning delegates and give
them a voice so let's go get them it's
not the kind of guidance you'd expect to
hear from an editor of one of the
country's most influential conservative
media organizations he's the one that
led the March yesterday face and got
everybody's chances you know don't vote
for Hillary she kills black people but
with Breitbart News's sites now train
directly on Hillary Clinton the renegade
outlet has sought an unlikely alliance
with the Bernie er bus crowd finding
common ground with elements of the far
left were unwilling to back the
Democratic nominee I think in many cases
we agree more with the Bernie Sanders
people in that there's a rigged
political system out there then we agree
with establishment Republicans like Paul
Ryan Breitbart says it had its biggest
month ever in June they've done it with
an unabashedly pro Trump editorial slant
and a disregard for their more genteel
right-leaning competitors there's a lot
of these guys that have been around
since you know even long before Ronald
Reagan was even had a shot at the White
House in their great people and there
are great people to learn from and to
hear from but they don't get what's
happening in this the you know that the
current day in age they don't understand
new media when Trump singled out Matt
Boyle as a quote very good reporter last
February
Breitbart Basten the praise from the
media bashing candidate that other news
organizations might have cringed at and
Boyle isn't afraid to sing Trump's
praises what was it that you guys saw
about Trump from the beginning that
everyone else missed so there's a few
different things most Republicans in
Washington you're Marco Rubio's you're
Mitt Romney's our guys that like you
know sit around and smile and try to
kowtow to the mainstream media they'll
try to slip their points out there in a
very subtle way but they won't
aggressively come right up in your face
and make their point
Breitbart is known for seeking
controversy a trait embodied by my lowly
innopolis who is recently banned by
twitter for inciting online abuse
against Ghostbusters actress Leslie
Jones phony people are all people you
know that they're very similar to us in
all sorts of ways and to be you know
that's kind of libertine or whatever you
you kind
have to be a trump supporter because
there's really no other option we warned
them that Bernie or bust is that party
unity my ass this is a revolutionary
commitment at a protest in downtown
Philadelphia the day after Hillary
Clinton was formally nominated we
followed along as Matt Boyle and to read
several Sanders supporters who said they
never backed Clinton in November here
let's head over here we've got cheating
is not winning never Hillary sighs hey
guys can I ask you really quick can you
explain for us what your side here means
you say cheating is not winning never
Hillary what does that mean it explains
itself our team hearing in Philadelphia
has been working very closely with a lot
of the progressive protest organizers
and they've been giving us different
news tips Bernie Sanders delegates on
the floor are calling our reporters some
of the most vocal Bernie or bust
protesters have hunkered down
Breitbart maintains its mission is not
about promoting its ideology it's about
combating the political establishment
there's no such thing as impartiality
and as soon as the rest of the
mainstream media understands that and
ran braces that the better the faster we
can get on with actually solving
problems for the millions of people out
there that are voting for people like
Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump
