Wiki Jamie gong-gong pillowed
Argentinian phone she al-assad Adam in
Jordan a delusional creeper true one
Guan is the chief political
correspondent for CCTV America CCTV is
China's biggest state-run TV network and
one is here in Philadelphia to cover the
u.s. elections we produce packages and
we send them back to Beijing and those
stories will be aired across Beijing
CCTVs Mandarin channels channel 1
channel 4 in channel 13 do you have any
idea how big your viewership is it
reaches millions right hundreds of
millions hundreds of millions you have
an audience of hundreds of millions at
least I think
are there any types of stories that you
would not be able to report on because
you're reporting for chinese state media
well to be honest I'm pretty happy about
what we cover geopolitical issues u.s.
social issues and also china-us
relations if you ask me other editorial
crime forces of course there are
editorial preferences you say that but
CCTV is notoriously a government
mouthpiece is Xi Jinping himself said
the state media is to serve the purposes
of the party and I didn't say that
some lower ranking official said that
but in February this year Xi Jingping
told media officials that all news media
run by the party must work to speak for
the parties will and its propositions on
covering the US elections state media
has largely chosen not to cover the
democratic debate itself but to focus on
the failures of the American democratic
process
how do you feel about the revelation of
nearly 20,000 emails as elsewhere in the
world
Donald Trump is a source of constant
fascination to China obviously some
Chinese are pretty offended by his you
know racist remarks is white supremacist
attitude and by his simplistic news on
trade despite the Republican nominees
constant China bashing many Chinese even
less keen on the prospect of a Hillary
presidency many people don't simply they
don't like Hillary Clinton many people
back in China perceive Hillary to to
want to pursue a very tough stance on
China especially when it comes to South
China Sea when it comes to regional
issues that involves China this week
reports broke that China's cyberspace
administration had imposed a ban on
original reporting by several major
online news portals this signifies the
government's latest efforts to tighten
its grip over information as far as I'm
observed single calm calm calm 163 calm
talking when those leading Chinese
Internet portals are still producing
international news and I didn't see any
obstruction there's a lot of coverage at
least in the West about this sort of
media crackdown in China at the moment
do you think that that's fair that some
Xi Jingping have come into power that
have been increased control over media
it's so interesting that when people use
the word crackdown that conjures up the
image of you know authoritarian figure
you know Jesus by cracking down on
dissidents I would say when you manage
state media as many countries do with
their own state media because you
prioritize issues you want to provide
alternative viewpoints to the Western
viewpoint that is not cracking down
that is providing alternative new points
thank you thank you so much I can't
appreciate it what do you doing now I'm
sorry Danny away from you just kidding
