all right my name is Billy Taylor I'm
the executive director to Philly fYI we
really need help we're going by kind of
the motto if you build it they will come
Billy Taylor a 31 year old landscaper
and the director of a pro Bernie group
managed to secure many protest permits
at key areas of Philadelphia ahead of
the Democratic National Convention that
includes four of six zones at the park
next to where the convention is being
held now as the convention begins he's
giving them up among various Pro Bernie
groups he's playing a major role in who
gets to protest this week making a stand
against the Democratic Party and
establishment politics I reserve as many
permits as possible hoping to literally
just hand them over to brain and if not
the other goal was to stop any Hillary
supporters so I wanted the city to feel
the Bern
I'm one of the right people in the city
so how did you manage to get ahead and
outwit all the others who were after
those same permits I was very persistent
and I'm very good at what I do every
meeting that we have with the city I
record it I use their words against them
no it's not us yeah
so weird agree all right Bernie's now
endorsed Hillary what was the purpose of
you guys being here there is a new
energy here that new energy is
Millennials first time voters first time
folks have been engaged in the political
process you don't want that energy to
die you know this is a movement not a
moment Billy applied for the permit six
months in advance insuring Sanders
supporters were heard no voice should be
silenced in this process you say that
everyone deserves a voice but in
securing all those permits you're
preventing Hillary supporters or anyone
else from being there surely that's the
goal right well so degree yes but also
there's a bigger goal when the banks are
too big to fail break them up the same
holds way with our political parties
when you look at this system we
currently have how can two party speak
to the American people how many
protesters are you expecting over the
next week throughout as a city as a
whole
200,000
before belief first rally on Sunday news
broke about a WikiLeaks email dump which
prompted the Democratic Party's
chairwoman to resign for Sanders
supporters this appeared to confirm the
suspicions that the party had favored
Hillary all along
