let me make it absolutely clear Jeremy
Corbyn is not resigning we come to a
rally in support of Jeremy Corbyn the
leader of the UK's Labour Party right
now he's facing a revolt by some members
of his party because they say that he
didn't do a good enough job of promoting
the remain campaign in the recent EU
referendum which resulted in the United
Kingdom voting to leave the Union our
labour movement was founded on the most
immense struggle those that lay down
their lives in the 18th and 19th century
it's a spirit of Hope or the spirit of
despair which away we're obviously hope
not despair
75% of younger voters voted to remain in
the European Union but they lost the
ironic thing is that those are the same
voters who propelled Jeremy Corbyn into
the Labour leadership nine months ago
how did you guys vote
yeah and you don't feel like Corbin let
you down by not being more vocally in
support of the European Union I think
the shout-out campaign was
loud so so militaria the romaine cascade
fell the high but that's not Orban
school no because you yourself said that
he's Euroskeptic yes but I believe he
was you're a skeptic I don't believe he
is you're a skeptic now I got it
okay do you feel like he may have let
young people down at all personal ego
because I believe a proud communist I
think
Thatcherite policy its prime purpose is
to facilitate trade between capitalist
countries which means exploiting the
workers of those countries do you think
that in reality he is a euro skeptic and
didn't support the remain campaign I
think being in the position that he is
in he probably did what the country to
remain I don't think he wanted really
for the European Union to exist as it is
at the same time which puts him in a
very itchy gray area for a man who's
meant to be fronting the remain campaign
he sent some pretty mixed signals just a
couple weeks before the referendum he
was quizzed on the channel for show the
last leg about his commitment to the
remain campaign how passionate are you
about him sang in the EU oh I'd put
myself in the upper half of the five to
ten so we're looking at seven seven and
a half oh but there's more evidence that
Corben was a reluctant remain campaign
this is a conversation between one of
Corbin's key aides Kat Fletcher and the
chairman of Labour's romaine campaign
Alan Johnson it was recorded by vice
news while filming a documentary about
Jeremy Corbyn but wasn't included in the
original film we took the video to a
member of Corbin's own party who was
familiar with the inner workings of the
labour in campaign to ask him to put the
video into context for us he's one of
the many members of the Labour revolt
against Corbin they'd set the camera
down while they were waiting to be let
into this room when there's subtitles
because the sound is really bad
a high-energy why actually worth having
a conversation I think making that
happen
the Jeremy the hardship is what are we
can I gap Jeremy you can make an apple
joke I need really I just what do you
think that conversation was about well
it seems to be about the difficulties of
getting John McDonnell and Jeremy Corbyn
aligned and signed up fully to a fully
engaged pro-eu campaign the interesting
thing is the silence is in a way it's
the moments when somebody's if it's sort
of trying to say look is going to be
really difficult because I'm not sure
I'll be able to get him signed up to
this but I think if you were to write
bubbles above people's heads they'd be
saying I don't think Jeremy really
supports this from my own experience I
mean I know that it was often a kind of
daily battle to try and get anybody to
either of them to appear on the labor
bus sorter and you know agree a speech
or I mean it was just really hard work
why would it be so hard if labor was
four remain why wouldn't labor as leader
want to take more of a part in the
remain campaign it's a mystery to me I
mean I think it's a bit of a betrayal
really of the Labor Party because in
particular as we know three-quarters of
young people voted for remain and and
that in the end was a betrayal of all
those young people who voted for Jeremy
and wanted us to stay in the European
Union
we contacted jeremy corbyn's office to
obtain their comment on the vice news
video they provided us with this
statement Jeremy Corbyn led the labour
in campaign calling for remain and
reform it was jeremy corbyn's campaign
clearly laying
out a case for a form of the EU that
resonated with labour voters who voted
for remain by a ratio of two to one the
EU referendum has already forced the UK
prime minister to promise to resign in
Corbin is now under immense pressure to
step down - it's unlikely that brexit
has claimed its last victim
you
