we've left London and we've come to
clacton-on-sea in the county of Essex
where nearly 70% of the population voted
to leave the European Union in the
recent referendum the population here
tends to the older and it's seniors who
are being credited with winning the
referendum for the out campaign so we've
come here to talk to people to find out
why they wanted to get out of the EU so
bad
the thing is many voters thought voting
out was the same thing as closing the
borders to immigrants from the EU but
leaders of the leave campaign have
already suggested that that might not
exactly be the case the idea of staying
within a common market but outside the
political integration I think that is
feasible yeah and that means free
movement of people it means free
movement of labour it doesn't mean he
use citizenship with all the acquires
right how did you vote I hate me what
about you leave how come our borders are
our borders at the end of the day you
can't just keep piling people into our
country and then paying for them or
people who shouldn't be in this country
we want to extradite because they
shouldn't be here that murderers rapists
whatever our rules should say pick him
up send them back it's surprising to
hear that because
clacton-on-sea according to the
statistics actually has one of the least
amount of immigrants in the United
Kingdom it's 90 percent white as far as
I've seen there are pockets around but
you go to London you see something
completely different you're getting the
Greek cafes you're getting the Indian
cafes the Chinese are opening everywhere
you know but you're not getting the the
white the English cafe anymore go to
schools now they're teaching so many
languages why this is the UK you know
you don't mind French the standard basic
curriculum if I want to teach Indian
then they gots but they go to their own
schools for that but this is the UK and
it's not being racist at all it's common
sense at the end of the night it sounds
like immigration is a pretty important
issue to you how do you feel about the
Conservative MP who said that if the UK
wants to retain access to the single
market you probably won't be able to put
in those immigration controls that you
seem to want
done then we give up access to the
single market that's the answer
absolutely we're on our way to meet the
chairman of you Kipp for this region and
he's been a leading figure in the leave
campaign in this area over the last few
months and even the last couple of
decades howdy
today captain thank you how are you oh
you have a t-shirt oh thank you rather
large historic t-shirt yes really I know
my neighbors had to put up with this for
the last three months so I had decided
to take it down my father fought in the
war my grandfather fought in the war all
to keep us free from a Europe dominated
by Germany to be told now by the Germans
what to do to have the ring of stars on
my driving license to have my passport
changed to have laws and regulations
coming out that I don't agree with yes
it's a generational change if young
people really associate their future
with the European Union now they feel
like it's been taken away from what
future by the older generation ah if a
that's democracy isn't it one of the big
problems in this country is because we
are so successful everybody wants to
come here for a job and they'll be
competing with the 50% unemployed
Spaniards 60% unemployed young people in
Greece yes those problems exist but is
getting out of the EU the way to fix
underemployment in the working class
take the young they vote you to remain
they have an idealized view of Europe a
land of milk and honey job opportunities
their chances of getting a job abroad
are infinitesimal they probably don't go
abroad like I do go to
recency the young them go abroad not
well not in the sense of they go to
Ibiza they go to the beaches they get
drunk and party leave campaign sold this
as lower immigration we leave we control
our borders but now we've even heard
some of the leave promoters saying that
that might not be the case they're
saying that if we want to retain access
to the European market then we're still
going to have to allow EU citizens I
don't think that's going to happen
because if you don't know how many
people are coming in you as a government
cannot plan the infrastructure that
supports them what I'm saying is does
leave actually stop the immigration if
the UK wants to retain its access to the
European market and the European market
I think has been showed as something you
either have to be in or out of of the
hundred and ninety five countries in the
world only twenty eight are in Europe
the rest a hundred and sixty odd all
independently democratic countries they
all trade with Europe do you think
brexit could precipitate the end of the
European Union
once somebody does it and they see it's
possible people will say Britain could
do it I can't wait
it's obvious that immigration is a big
concern in this area but the leaders of
the leave campaign made promises about
clamping down on immigration that they
might not be able to keep and they've
walked some of those promises back
already saying that if the UK wants to
keep its access to the European Union's
market then it's going to have to agree
to the European Union's immigration
rules just like before
