it's voting day on Britain's membership
of the European Union and this result is
going down to the wire
the polls are currently showing the
remain and leave campus a neck-and-neck
with maybe a slight lean in favor of the
remain camp really nobody's prepared to
call it either way
did you vote today yes I did I voted to
remain in the EU the things it's brought
to the UK such as human rights workers
rights that I don't believe would have
happened to the same extent without
being part of Europe I've thought long
and hard about it I've always been
conservative but I'm voting to leave I
think with the strength that England's
got with the people in the country we've
got the power to survive on your own so
which way did you vote today out mains
have short steel work shift sure all
year you normally see polls have been
sold off and that's in the EU care to
come out and give it a go can it
we come down to the City of London where
there's a large concentration of lawyers
and bankers we're going to find out
which way they're leaning
which way are you voting today
absolutely remain I believe in Europe as
a political entity and I could not stand
the thought of England being isolated
from the rest of Europe I believe that
Britain can only be great working with
other countries I'm definitely voting
for remain prospects for how we get and
trade with the rest of Europe and
including the rest of the world it's
much better for us to be in are you
worried about the result all of the
polls are showing me very close I think
it'll be very very very close do you
think it's going to be a close knit race
all the polls are showing it coming down
to the wire
everybody I work with is very nervous
about it I think it will be
so run away to Whitechapel now which has
quite large migrant community in London
we just want to see what the mood is
there and whether people want to remain
or leave
which way you voting today in aventure
if we leave the little bit big problem
lighting so it's a big recession I voted
for remain in the UK the debate really
opened our eyes I was gonna vote for out
but after the debate it changed my mind
because they were not enough fact I just
feel I am European I've directly
benefited from the European Union and
I've been on Erasmus and lots of
exchanges and things like that I study
languages I think would be stronger in
which way do you think the result is
going to go spit do you think Britain's
gonna vote remain yes yes are you
worried about which way it's gonna go
yeah I'm quite worried I can't really
sleep last night
you
