it's two days before Britain votes on
whether to remain in the European Union
we come to one of the biggest events in
the calendar the BBC debate where 6,000
people have turned up to watch the
romaine and leave camps argue over
whether or not Bryn should stay or go so
why did you come along here tonight I've
been actually witnessing the whole stay
in campaign and other spoil would be a
good opportunity to actually hear both
of the arguments live a more for in buzz
well this will probably help me actually
decide for the 23rd I came down because
we should share and I might say I might
even add there's enough money in this
quantity to go around the ward a couple
of times you know there's about money
you know like it just loads and another
thing who owns the land in any way is it
not the people all people not just one
group of people the debates about to
start so we're going to go and watch it
from the spin room which is basically an
air-conditioned political Hunger Games
where politicians from both sides pile
in at the end of the debate and try and
persuade the media waiting there which
side is one
if the countries across Europe are not
paying their two percent of the gdp
which is the nature contribution we will
be weakening it stay in the fight don't
quit this therapist trainer at six why
you quit freaking jurors study study I'm
passionately a believer in immigration
but it's got to be controlled not just
about uncontrollable numbers coming here
and putting pressure on public services
it's all about security we both leave
and take back control I believe that
this Thursday could be our country's
independence day so we've just come to
the end of the debate and the spin room
behind me is worrying into life the
campaigners from the remain unlived
camps on the floor it was at times
chaotic debate both sides were accusing
the other of lying and of getting their
facts wrong so it looks like the
narratives will be shaped by the people
in this room behind us now
what did you make of the debate who did
you think one I thought in footballing
terms this was a 4-1 victory to the
remain side I think the leave campaign
one on the basis they were more balanced
or we golfin leave Campion is a slogan
that they were reputed relentlessly
about taking back control but leave
Leave were hitting the right note in
terms of the tone of the debate if you
sum up the the night then remain had
answers detail back by the experts and
the leaf sorry was all who's all bluster
it's currently some kind of feeding
frenzy on Michael Gove we're in this
weird place to spin room where people
keep telling us two narratives are going
to be shape how would you describe this
place to an undecided voter well I think
it's a little bit ridiculous I mean
there the whole process of going through
this situation where you have a bunch of
people telling you what they already saw
how would you describe this place weird
I mean all these people everybody knows
each other it's quite ancestors there is
a bit of a bubble and I think sometimes
people can get very obsessed with the
drama of it all if I'm absolutely honest
I think the vast majority of people have
already made up their mind I would be
very very surprised if there's anything
more than maybe five percent of people
that is still under
so this is just pointless this is just
one of those things that politicians end
up doing so I'll take it all with a
pinch of salt I've is that all that I'm
pretty confident remaining one tonight
