we're in klaxon a seaside town east of
London and it's one of my fewer Skepta
constituencies in the UK today
anti-immigration UK Independence Party
are revealing their latest post as part
of their campaign to leave the EU with
only two days to go until the EU
referendum this is a final push for
campaigners UKIP's last poster which
depicted refugees crossing the Croatia
Slovenia border was widely criticised
with some comparing it to 1930s Nazi
propaganda all eyes were on the
revealing of today's poster
these are the issues that are affecting
people's lives this is what people are
going to vote on in the referendum
getting back control of our borders
easing the pressure of public services I
think you get more pretty big tribe they
want to do but here's a fact but these
are these are Department of Education
figures you criticize me if you want to
but please don't criticize the truth but
that's a public sector and some people
might say that leaving the EU will give
more power to those who are privatizing
it and selling off no one's selling off
our schools I've heard no suggestion
from anybody ever to privatize our
schools what we're talking about here is
basic provision of services for local
communities if you control the numbers
that came to Britain you could
adequately provide for education or
healthy or whatever it might be so it
would actually be done for my paid
British workers as Lord Rose the leader
of the Britain stronger in Europe
campaign says oh yeah
for you campaign has played on the
frustrations of the unemployed and low
paper it's public idle blames us on
immigration and claims that out of the
EU wages will be higher and public
sectors should improve
it's not so much important that it's
important Freeman if you want to have
immigrants in it should be your
government that says so if you want to
give the vote to criminals it should be
your government not an unelected body
who says you must do this we weren't
last invaded in 1066
we haven't been invaded since then and
therefore we're an island nation that
huge took running ourselves
you
