I'm going to be voting romaine because I
feel that this is really important for
the education system I'll be voting
saying I think the economy is going to
be a lot better off if we stay in Europe
I think it's really a dive into the
unknown and I don't know what to expect
if we leave and that's just too much of
a risk for me I really fear that we will
go back to the days in the 70s and the
80s where the economy wasn't that great
and we are still trying to really build
ourselves up I think we do need to
realize that we're not big or Britain
anymore we don't have an empire the last
thing that we'll have if we're not in
Europe is been in the Security Council
and having our nuclear weapons I'd like
to feel more European than English I'm
not I'm not so much about the
nationalism which is seems to be kind of
spreading I think the reason that people
are voting out is hugely dependent on
the idea of immigration the idea is that
people come to our country just to
receive benefits as really
because I know immigrants that are
teachers that our doctors our nurses
people that put back into our system
that pay their taxes like other UK
people do I would say 50% of the people
I work with are from Europe the side
that I see is then doing really good
work here borders become increasingly
meaningless that seems like a good thing
I do fully accept the kind of democracy
issues that do exist within within the
European Union but I very much believe
it can be reformed I think it should be
reformed and I think to reform it you
very much need to be actually in there
so you're going to negotiate you need to
actually be in the room I think to be a
lone wolf in such
complex world would be very dangerous
for us being in the EU you've kind of
got that Brotherhood in a way and
leaving it I think honestly in the long
run it would just be quite terrible
another reason why I want to vote to
remain is because I don't trust the
Tories in complete power they've already
cut out NHS our education services all
the things that are important to the UK
and now if we leave the EU who's to say
that they aren't going to be more harsh
on cutting those things it's a load of
bollocks if I want to go and work abroad
in European countries it's important
that I can travel to those countries
easily and if I can't do that then it's
going to make my career so much more
complicated and more difficult to deal
with so for me free travel is most
important thing imagine if everybody was
in Europe everybody in the world
there'll be no no wars in the world yeah
okay we don't like sending money to
Greece because they're in ruins at the
moment but we actually helping each
other and I think if the rest of the
world was in this big community and felt
like a community like a lot of Europeans
do I think we'd be in a better place so
that's why I think that we should podium
