the lady on the floor
he's got bleeding from mouth from nose
on the face she calling her jaw job I
don't know who is he
but then after would we find out she's a
MP from here
the day after the murder of Labour MP
Joe Cox she was shot and stabbed just
over here the investigation is ongoing
we don't know that much about the man
you've been arrested man called Tommy
Maya
we do know he has a history of mental
illness and also an interest in the
far-right
the media has kind of descended on the
town kind of taken over this area
there's a vigil just over here we've
seen people putting down flowers it's
quite heavy police presence still we saw
other people running down the street
Market Street screaming and Charlton I
got out walk down towards the library
and I saw a man with a baseball cap
white baseball cap and he was a very
violent we thought that somebody's
having a an argument with somebody else
you know two lads or men and a wife or
something and I saw him pulling a gun
out of his back gun was an old-fashioned
one we looked like a makeshift war what
did he do after he pulled out the gun
what happened then he pulled out the gun
and fired the first shot when he fires
the first shot people scattered when
they scattered we run to the back to the
restaurant
we heard the second shot and then we
waited through our very scared it's a
big question mark over why a bright
outgoing talented and I repeat talented
politician with an impact even on issues
internationally like Syria like slavery
like corruption
be killed
did you know Joe yeah I've known Joe
since she became an MP family and what
was she like rich fantastic and whatever
the issue if somebody asked her to help
she would help she was vibrant she was
enthusiastic and motherhood so she was
just such a lovely person no shame it's
just very very sad and that somebody can
just walk in to a small friendly tight
community and just take somebody out
like that and presumably its political
but once it shouldn't take like it's
well why do you think that that is
political presumably because he targeted
her and according to eyewitnesses had
been lurking about for the while before
he stabbed her and then she hit the day
and thus far as I'm aware then a
gentleman tried to hell
he got stabbed and then he stood button
shutter but I was told last evening he
shot her three times in the head
how was that affected the community it's
awful it was scary while he was on the
run because people were thinking what if
he's hiding and it was got a goal and
it'll be a long long time before we have
a recover from this
if we truly want to honor Jeff then what
we should do is recognize that her
values service community tolerance the
values she lived by and work by those
are the values that we need to redouble
in our national life in the months and
in the years to come
