the most important thing right now is to
come together and show love and unity to
one another I just caution everybody -
don't blame Islam don't blame the Muslim
religion in the days following the
deadliest shooting in American history
one thing is clear Orlando is resilient
and the LGBT community here stands
strong we're walking into this LGBT
Center and it's sort of become a
makeshift storage facility where people
all over Florida are bringing water and
all kinds of supplies that are needed
and where people within this community
can distribute these supplies to those
Indians throughout Orlando what we're
working on right now is organizing
resources for the community whether it's
counseling services a crisis hotline
blood donations food and water donations
and then you know unfortunately more
importantly at this point is monetary
donations to help cover medical medical
expenses and sadly funeral expenses for
many people community leader Tim Vargas
is leading the effort here what was the
moment when you found out what happened
I looked at Facebook and saw a couple of
posts and it was just like this can't be
real this can't be real this isn't not
happening you know I went and woke up my
husband and told him were good friends
with the owner of the nightclub we're
good friends with a lot of the staff of
the nightclub and we have friends that
frequent the nightclub I in fact have
not looked at the victims list I can't
bring myself to look at it yet I need to
I want to do this I want to make sure
that the people that need the support
have it
I'll take time for me tomorrow
we're at one of the main blood donation
centers in Orlando and we're gonna try
to talk to some of the donors it's clear
that these people are from all different
walks of life and they're just here to
support the community that was affected
inside we met Abby Kenny one of the many
people who's recently stepped up and
donated trying to do her part to help
the victims of the nightclub shooting
horrible when you see events like this
anywhere let alone in your own city and
then even worse when it's a place you
physically been to for Abby the LGBTQ
community is what makes Orlando unique
to her she up Sunday's Massacre doesn't
change that back at the center Tim urges
the community to look beyond race
religion and sexuality and United one
force against the hatred and violence
that's shaken Orlando this idea
resonated during a recent television
interview he shared with Imam Muhammad
no siree of the Islamic Society of
Central Florida during the interview he
extended his hand to me and his
condolences for our community and it
meant the world because I think you know
I've seen Facebook posts that were just
filled with hate and rage and anger and
I think that's also misplaced the most
important thing right now is to come
together and show love and unity to one
another we'll figure everything out
later we'll figure out the motives but I
just caution everybody - don't blame
Islam don't blame the Muslim religion
I just implore people to accept people
for who they are
