fighting against the kind of hate that
tells people all over the world that
they can't be who they are
and they can't love who they love we're
here at the Stonewall Inn the birthplace
of the gay rights movement in the
aftermath of the shooting in Orlando
people have called an impromptu vigil
here their family good people in Florida
and they are family to us
I could be on that part my parents could
be the ones that were crying on camera
then some people are celebrating people
my communities defecated and that that
kills me it fits this kind of undertone
about the gay community that I've
imagined we're still just a live shot to
beat don't ask
Isis's fault maybe does it matter no it
really doesn't matter at this point
because what they were targeting we're
transgender people
it's the hate that step that's being
spread it's the lies that are being
spread it is those words right there
that are spreading violence
this is where we've always come when
anything bad happened and when anything
good happen every human being who has
any decency feels vulnerable today but
this could happen to anybody if you're
gay lesbian bisexual or transgender just
be able to feel especially vulnerable
ever blame me group for this like I tell
everyone who teaches bad things about us
and stop it
we have before us to press we have what
is the path of feeling fear was any
other ease of love and kindness
are really the only place to be with
your community you go here for the first
time to find love find acceptance to
find ourselves today we are going into
that place Kate in general is like
taking something away so definitely
defined either in yourself and
specifically in your community it's
ripping that safe going and it's not
okay and that's why we're here that's
what we're fighting is for fighting
against the kind of hate that tells
people all over the world that they
can't be who they are and they can't
love who they lost Harvey Milk would
always talk about how you can fight for
gay rights now fighting for racial
equality
to take an issue like this to make it
about me right now I just want to
remember the lives of cancer having fun
myself despite centuries of oppression
and repression
