we are a socialist party and there are
social solutions to the problems and the
solution is socialism at the end of the
day this six months ago something
extraordinary happened in British
politics
Jeremy Foreman 251 Jeremy Corbyn for 33
years a local Member of Parliament and
backer of left-wing causes who has never
held a position of power in government
found himself leader of the UK's biggest
political party he was carried to
victory on a wave of popular support
from a younger generation who had turned
away from traditional politics looking
for a leader who might change things the
outsider had taken control fantastic
moment fantastic mandate for change in
Britain fantastic enthusiasm for real
democratic politics it's a great
I'm a Labour Party member and I voted
for Jeremy we were looking for a new
form of politics but from the outside
little seems to have changed I wanted to
find out if he could deliver the
alternative we were promised I don't
know how you doing how are you how you
doing good sandwich Oh sandwich no Hot
Cross Buns
oh very good Easter we're off
campaigning today how did it feel for
you when Labour lost the general
election very very sad very angry at
what realised was going to happen to a
lot of people in this country as I
thought the Labour message was not clear
enough on the economy not fair enough in
opposition to austerity was it that that
made you think right I'm going to throw
my hat into the ring for the leadership
election the left calm raised in
Parliament decided that we had to put
somebody forward Mill pointed at me for
six years the British Conservative Party
had been in power responding to the
financial crash by pursuing an agenda of
austerity their cuts have fallen on the
poorest meanwhile the Labour Party the
only realistic alternative have been in
disarray now it's time for someone else
to take forward the leadership of this
party because the party needs to have an
open and honest debate about the right
way forward without constraint
Jeremy's election as leader of the
official opposition to the government
represents a desire in parts of society
for a clear socialist alternative we
don't have to be unequal it doesn't have
to be unfair poverty isn't inevitable
things can and they will change thank
you very much
since taking over
Jeremy's had to deal with almost
constant criticism from the mainstream
media the one thing I've learned over
the past six months or so is how shallow
facile
and ill-informed many of the supposedly
well-informed major commentators are in
our media they shape a debate that is
baseless and narrow in a conversation
with Seamus mill his head of strategy
it's clear Jeremy sees an article from a
leading political columnist as the
latest attack only the big negative
today is Jonathon Friedland and the
Guardian donek Johnson Friedland article
in The Guardian it's a it's
anti-semitism has a problem with
anti-semitism under Corben app utterly
disgusting subliminal nastiness a lot
but you know he's not a good guy at all
um but he's Canada he seems kind of
obsessed with me in her
okay indeed I was thinking about that
later yeah okay right all right Jack is
famous
in Britain's increasingly divided
society
Jeremy's very much at home among the
people he feels he represents teach the
Tories to be unfair to the poor's and
just favor the rich we will label labor
is the best the distant between the poor
and the rich is so big it is so big we
want to reduce that magic we love Jeremy
Corbyn when we want to give another name
to Jennifer come be with you name in
integrity Jeremy Corbyn try telling me
this campaigning politician at home on
demonstrations is an unlikely leader and
has even been mocked in Parliament for
the way he dresses I think I know what
my mother would say I think she'd look
across the despatch-box and she'd say
put on a proper suit do up your tie and
sing the national anthem
you must be very proud of Germany yes I
am yeah yeah he's a good politician
isn't it he's not very good in house one
but he's a good did you see that day in
prime minister question
Cameron shout to German say my mom would
tell me
were they prepare would say tuck your
shirt in and do it your time yes and
yummiest an very strong mr. speaker if
we're talking of motherly advice
my late mother would have said stand up
for the principle of a health service
free at the point of him
that's confused is it easier while
looking and behaving like a modern party
leader might not matter to Jeremy it
does matter to the Labour Party come on
Jeremy
it's the job of the team around him to
keep him on schedule and make sure he
almost looks the part
how did you get involved in working with
Jeremy I thought enough to work on the
campaign so I did all the ended up doing
all the rallies during the summer a bit
of surprise that you're now sort of
working for the leader of the Labour
Party yeah they're technically my mom's
very proud ahead of time which is a
person thing
it's perfect an early I do want a good
last weekend the levels were 400 million
he said to look you'd be doing me a
massive baby if you just dressed a bit
smart well I've tried yeah it's hard I
did get him in the whitetails and he
looked smart on Remembrance Sunday and I
think that's where I peaked really and
the world's worst candidate my
constituency players wander around chat
to people all the time
I said spend my whole life doing because
interesting because every single person
you meet know something you don't know
if you don't interact with people you
can't learn anything also keeps you
humble unpolished and approachable
Jeremy has a powerful appeal as a new
kind of leader over here generate
200,000 people join the Labour Party
simply to vote for Jeremy it was this
new young membership who swept him into
the leaders office in Westminster
you're doing here signing tiles yeah
it's a sideline we operate we sign tiles
books photos bottles of drink and when I
get a good crop of apples from my
allotment in then in September I'm going
to sign the apples with all signed
apples how does it feel signing a
hundred photographs of yourself into a
tea they're actually 80 photographs of
yourself
it does feel slightly odd actually I am
not actually that interested in
personality I'm not a personality I'm
not you know I'm not that kind of person
I basically want to see doors open for
everybody else
Jeremie might be a superstar to the new
party membership but in Westminster
things are very different
many of labor's 232 members of
parliament don't share the memberships
enthusiasm and are openly critical of
his leadership history just says that in
order for you to actually win an
election you're going to need to bring
the party with you is that the next
challenge that you've got of course um I
fully appreciate that I was elected here
on a mandate from membership and
supporters of the party I did not
receive firm support from very large
numbers of members of the parliamentary
Labour Party however I have to say the
whole atmosphere within the
parliamentary Labour Party despite what
the media report is completely changed
there are some who are harder fish to
catch you may no longer be a voice
within cabinet surely after we start
filming the Labour opposition are
offered a dramatic political opportunity
every six months George Osborne the
finance minister presents the government
spending budget
I commend allows a budget that puts the
next generation first his latest budget
has gone badly wrong conservative
members of parliament have been refusing
to support the latest financial cuts a
crisis unfolds when the Work and
Pensions Minister resigns and attacks
his own government for their lack of
fairness welfare cuts are now too
draconian even for Ian Duncan Smith now
there's a sentence you may never have
thought you'd hear
at the very next parliamentary session
jeremy has a chance to inflict real
damage on the wounded government tell us
what's coming on let's go out yeah he
knows in an unscheduled appearance the
Prime Minister has been called to
Parliament to make a statement about the
refugee crisis in response Jamie has to
make just the briefest mention of that
subject he then has the chance to attack
the Prime Minister about the chaos in
the government
Jamie's violent speech and what's it
about what's a weird thing is obviously
you know you're the European community
thing the other day to talk about the
refugee cross and so Cameron's got come
back to guys and talk about this but
course right in the heat of the
unraveling of the budget so for us and
for him it has to be about that as well
so it's quite phenomenal story it's been
a real opportunity to like show the
difference between us and them on
fairness fairness is one of the key
planks of our campaign going into the
local elections salva see the speeches
King any German lakes man and now before
he's doing Parliament Jeremy strategy
team get together to refine his line of
attack that's okay everything's better
shorter start doing it now there's
nothing that doesn't benefit from a car
I agree okay ready Europe is facing the
biggest refugee crisis almost ever and
the prime minister must answer some very
serious questions on this Amnesty
International has pointed out
questionable legality surrounding this
agreement those who claim asylum at a
practical level must have access to
interpreters this is an opportunity to
confront the government about their
budget troubles but that only gets a
mention in the second harm
thanks mr. speaker our party will resist
the chances broken budget that has
unfairness to it's very core
we can't going to go on doing that I
think that is unfair
change it around five D actions I was
giving it as it is it's not up to me to
stray another than a couple of lines
about the government's in a mess okay so
cut back a lot on the second chance to
read the statement made by a mercy of
refugees is close to Jamie's heart but
he was passing up the opportunity to
damage the government cautious use of
words they have after all an
organization dedicated to human rights
and the rule of law and I quote from the
statement they made guarantees didn't
really go according to plan today there
was one thing that he had to do it scene
which is to exploit this in Duncan Smith
resignation the further drive a wedge
into the Tory party and pretty much the
review spell out on Twitter one MP says
he's snatch defeat from the jaws of
victory oh god it's just gone really
badly shadow minister on Corbin
statement utterly pitiful and denies the
country the opposition it deserves
Labour MPs truly in despair it probably
explains why things just went a bit
awkward in there and we've been pretty
much asked to leave for the day
we patch things up with the team and
rejoin Jeremy as he launches Labour's
campaign for the local council elections
opposition parties expected to make
gains in these elections electing a
labor council is the best protection for
your community against the onslaught
from this conservative government and
galvanized how I'm looking for two Prime
Minister Jeremy Corbyn something that
happened well I'm finished it's going to
have these elections your first big test
as leader of the party no the big test
of leader of the party is to grow the
parties to make the party more active is
to challenge the party in Parliament and
to take part in electoral concerts and
you can go do it succeeding in that at
the moment we're getting a lot of
support the opposition for the budget
went very well the stories have been
exposed to what they are in that respect
to you I think things are going pretty
well
following Jeremy it would be easy to
believe that labor was about to sweep to
victory on the back of his popular
support there's a lot of data we'll have
to do everybody want can win election
was selfish if we can get you know sixty
six million selfies in yeah you're so
famous no not really
do me favor normal human being do me
jobs do you think actually he quite
likes the attention he loves the
attention it's an attention together
we're standing this quick funny
a pattern begins to emerge
Jeremy's speeches go down well with his
audiences of enthusiastic supporters but
it's hard to tell if his message is
persuading the undecided voters there is
a political choice to be made
how did that go
I think it was really good yeah and also
the atmosphere it was great yeah very
impressive nice flag jeremy is far less
comfortable in his new role in
Westminster every Wednesday as leader of
the Opposition he must confront the
prime minister in a set-piece event
known as Prime Minister's Questions p.m.
key uses the labor leaders weekly
opportunity to make headlines and hold
the Prime Minister to account they've
been in the news today we won't get too
controversial
what's tranny wearing - he's very smart
- that it's not your doing I would like
to think so does it matter it does
matter it does matter
you know I was always told you dress for
the occasion
dressed to impress leather the Telegraph
from a major colleague Robin so many
newspaper and television commentators
have sneered at the way Jeremy Corbyn
dresses but at the state banquet on
Tuesday is easing dress was faultless
he's good ship as you that is that's me
that's got my seeming
with two hours to go before the latest
encounter the team are having a
rehearsal I've got a better one from
kaznia which says you're in very good
school what about for the beard becoming
an academy no excuse me an opportunity
again that's the same as why is he doing
that okay what's the point between kids
that's the one real opportunity every
single week that Janie has to put the
prime ministaire to the sword who wants
to be Prime Minister you do that yeah oh
come on what does anybody want to be
Prime Minister
Andrew greatness is falling on you all
that or that Jerry called can the Prime
Minister explain why he's intent on
forcing good and outstanding schools to
become academies against the wishes of
teachers parents school governors and
counselors the reason we want to do this
is to improve the standards of education
in this country I would have thought the
leader of the Opposition move on that to
know he hasn't even managed to convince
one of his own County Council's indeed
the cabinet member for education in his
own County who told the press ah you
might you might you might shout I am fed
up with diktats from above saying you
will do this and you won't do that in
regard to the piece of theater if you
have a good win like we're hoping for
today then it does send the troops away
a little bit bullied and offered a fight
that I'm quite keen not to sort of and
let him turn Prime Minister's question
time into a subject that is not ours I
want to try and keep the academies I
think expired you know the thing about
Cameron is you can tell when you've
really got under his skin money it goes
puce in the face of start point nothing
and when we've got that reaction then
we've done our job ok guys thank you
very much all right
Thank You mr. speaker could the Prime
Minister explain why he is intent on
forcing good and outstanding schools to
become academies against the wishes of
teachers parents school governors and
local councillors the results speak for
themselves under this government there
are more pupils in good or outstanding
schools teachers don't want it parents
don't want it governor's don't want it
ed teachers don't want it our teachers
think again and support schools and
education not forces on them at the end
of the bout the team check for the
instant result from the political
pundits Georgina says it's best game
kids don't math yes don't reward the
worst judge of anything but first good
episode of all brisket not going to
knock it I'm just laying out so I
thought last face of fair but it was
good
Jeremy has become more effective at it I
mean he's done being abused in a
different way from the beginning adopted
a different less leaded toriel style of
of PM cues and I think that's very
popular with the public but I think also
the government is in a difficult
position it's you know it's gone through
one you know disastrous series of events
after another and that's hammered home
the fact that it's just it's not just
the government of failure but it's a
government that is deeply unfair to its
core and so all those things happening
together and has put the government very
much on the back foot from the outside
today looks like a good day for Jeremy
but there are very real problems in his
team as we're talking after the
interview Seamus reveals somebody
regularly leaks details of Jeremy's
questions ahead of his confrontations
with the Prime Minister
well there's some know what it's about
the first time he did because it would
be bleep I know that leap from that
meeting it's very noisy
only happens about a third of the time
it obviously gives them a little bit of
extra time the enablers leak it gives
them that Vantage it gives them the
advantage on TV as well issues of unity
unlimited to Jeremy's team he'd come to
defend now sure the Labour MP suspended
over alleged anti-semitism senior
figures in this bitterly divided party
confront each other in full view of the
media you know discussion break you
saying it's not true yes you're a lying
racist really why did that the apologist
Nancy apology some Nazi apologies you're
disgusting that's your apologies
Livingstone a robber anti-semitism
within labor has been rumbling since we
started filming anyone that commits any
act of anti-semitism is Auto excluded
from the party and an inquiry follows
immediately when Jeremy's friend and
former London Mayor Ken Livingstone says
Hitler supported Zionism things
completely fall apart
God you suspend Kem Livingston this
program
I've never seen such falling behavior
but illegal is Perriman
it's five days before we were able to
film with Jeremy again reluctantly
agreeing to a short interview at the end
of a day of campaigning has it been five
five days exciting and busy what
happened well he made remarks on radio
station they were reported to me and to
others and we had some conference calls
and decisions made suspended from party
membership do you understand the problem
with what he said was what can living's
Ken said on the radio of course I do
otherwise he would have suspended
otherwise he wouldn't have been
suspended but he explained to me what
the problem was the problem was that Ken
made inappropriate remarks a decision
was made spending from party membership
so they can be investigating that's
where we're at but he made he made
anti-semitic that's where we're at he's
been suspended an investigation will
take place when we first started filming
with you people were discussing
anti-semitism in the labour party part
of the reason why it's become such a big
deal
is due to a lack of leadership to do
with you what do you think about my
leadership is one that tries to include
people and work together with other
people that is what I do that is why I
consult for making decisions it's not a
lack of leadership it's a responsible
approach to taking decisions okay thank
you
yeah yep I'll eat in the car thanks okay
the pressure doesn't stop in the last PM
Q's before the local elections David
Cameron uses Jeremy's past political
associations to attack him mercilessly
he said our friends from Hezbollah will
be speaking I've also invited friends
from Hamas to come and speak as well
now Hamas and Hezbollah believe in
killing Jews if he wants to clear up the
problem of anti-semitism in the Labor
Party now is a good time to start
withdraw that they're your friends
polling day in the local council
elections and we're back where we first
met Jeremy in his Northland and
constituency welcome to your home Jeremy
welcome very ease my turf mitre
assurance to take a photo
oh hi yummy she's looking at me very
suspicious is that yeah just always cool
just cool she trusts you thank you
where's Jeremy right now he is in number
58 in this estate here some woman asked
him to go in says he's been in there a
while so I'm guessing she's put on a
full spread
it's quite vicious p.m. keys yesterday
wasn't it I don't know I've ever seen a
prime minister act in my way
it's in the guy I just go up set up our
you know all this stuff about people
saying that if he doesn't do very well
because I try and get rid of it I don't
know if they want to get rid of him you
know the best thing to do with the
weight and let Jeremy fail on his own I
don't I don't think he will but fail on
his own in his own time
you know you demand careful in cafe plan
work ethic and caffeine ah say my cafe
look at face body my merci Monsieur
do you have any nerves about how the
matter unfold or you how you feeling go
into it obviously it's impossible to
know as of now I've called a few people
and everybody says it's all going well
what appears to be happening around here
is the Labour vote is coming out and
nobody else is is if in a London places
like this are showing that kind of
support then that is very positive
labor is going to offer a real economic
alternative a real alternative of social
justice and that is something that we're
going to plug on with force this govern
into retreat on and I believe will lay
the foundations for a historic election
victory in 2020 when we get rid of this
govern by 2:00 a.m. the national picture
becomes clear despite a disastrous
period for the government labor is
failing to make any significant gains as
the final results are still being
counted we go to speak to Jeremy in
Westminster
how you feeling very tired I got to bed
it back two o'clock this morning and got
up at 7:00 so it's been a long day can
you describe to me the results from your
point of view I was being told with
great authority by members of parliament
here a week ago that we were going to
lose at least 300 seats and that it was
all down my fault in fact we had a loss
of 29 seats and we hung on so I'm very
happy and I've been calling various
people to see me to congratulate on the
results when all the votes are in
Labour's net loss is 18 seats but the
party wins a larger share of the vote
than the government
Jeremy is authentic unpopular within the
labour movement
they'll have to find a wider audience to
win a general election and deliver the
alternative he represents I found the
results the election a bit worrying as a
Labour member how do you give anybody
any sense that they can believe in the
fact that the Labour Party will win the
next general election from this point of
view you're watching too much television
the whole narrative all day and all last
night and all for the past month has
been carbons going to lose labour is
going to fail Labor's going to lose
labour is going to fail there is not one
story on any election anywhere in the UK
that the BBC will not spin into a
problem for me it's obsessive beyond
belief that they are obsessed with
trying to damage the leadership of the
Labour Party and unfortunately there are
people in the labour party that play
into that what are you going to do about
the fact that there have been people
from the Shadow Cabinet today who have
come out and criticized you you see I
will continue trying to develop the
policies this party and lead this part
in a direction that also has a more
grown-up approach to politics I am NOT a
traditional kind of party leaver I do
things in a rather different way
some people are slower learning than
others
you
