it turns a psychological therapy there's
still a massive treatment gap in Ukraine
as well as they're being NGO is offering
more traditional trauma therapy methods
there are some that offer alternative
methods we're here to meet here is
companion that train service dogs
prepare with veterans to help them with
their trauma
this is Vladimir and his dog era
Vladimir is a psychologist and worked
with special-needs children before the
war but now he's training Guerra to work
as a service dog to help himself and the
planets to train other dogs to help
other veterans as well my Roku San Pedro
de leus voluminous a key in corn
achieved akamaru's sposta revenue as a
super technical means data show
parasitic Meucci neurological a biscuit
and emotional napo's mature Wenatchee
Navy boy saw that my move or edit Asia
Pacific waters Australian you do the
Moriscos with steer shown a Roma take a
perm name a general article after your
deployment finished
how did Kara help you with what you went
through
here are the formality so nie Navi get
the car to keep receive a show new
dynamos rather tear so buckle it anymore
means date should lead a yekke persuade
icky-sticky
robonia same about somatic air was newly
Vegeta so what's a lot of me a team of
Garin out so right now volt emitters
doing some obedience training so it's
very important that the dog is obedient
to the veteran that she's trained for so
right now he gives her a treat every
time she looks him in the eyes because
you want to train the dog that it's good
and they'll get praise and they'll get
positive reinforcement if they look if
they're constantly looking at them in
the eyes and this is very important
because for a veteran for example with
PTSD anything can set him off at any
time so you want the dog to constantly
be watching and assessing the veteran to
see how he's doing and to see if they
add the dog would need to react so if
say a veteran was having PTSD flashback
or whatever it was how does the dog
react once it realizes that there's a
problem okay so there's a few things
that the dog can do if he's walking in
public let's say
and there is a inin park and there's a
lot of unknown people around and you
starts getting a panic attack anxiety
attack the dog can actually be trained
to if the veteran says exit then the dog
does the thinking takes over the
thinking and it finds their way away out
away from the crowd of people that's
quite incredible yeah yeah unnoticed
this sort of my new I guess in some
cases yeah changes to that the veterans
behavior right and that's why it's so
important to have to do basic obedience
training very well so that the dog can
pick up and read you like a book yeah
they say so how did here his companions
start working in Ukraine well basically
I was following the situation on the
front very closely and I started
noticing more and more story surfacing
and picture servicing of battalions
adopting stray dogs on the front and at
the same time I was working on a
rehabilitation project it's Canadian
project here in Ukraine and I was very
cutely aware of the need for not only
physical rehabilitation but
psychological have you found it
generally that in Ukraine veterans and
soldiers a little bit adverse to kind of
opening up about any psychological
trauma issues yeah so in Ukraine the
idea is that the man has to be very
strong and he can't show any signs of
weakness so it's very difficult
initially especially for many veterans
told when I would say look something's
going on and I think an even bigger
problem is that they themselves don't
know what's going on I mean up until the
war began PTSD was a foreign concept in
Ukraine not many people knew about it
and so many people don't know what it
entails and how to deal with it so the
dog essentially breaks down barriers
we've seen and it helps automatically it
calms everyone down and it's a really
good way to start conversation with
someone it builds a bond and Trust with
them a lot faster than it would happen
without the dog
