shootings here in Chicago is on the rise
certain hospitals are just getting
overloaded with the trauma the far
southeast corner of the city is 35
minutes away in the best of conditions
there are people that's dying on their
way to the hospital people do not care
about what's happening see these people
on the south side when people are shot
they can't be taken to just any
emergency room instead shooting victims
need an ER with a trauma center a
facility equipped to deal with traumatic
injuries like gunshot wounds the south
side of Chicago is in dire need of more
trauma centers a fact that has become
even more apparent in the past few
months Chicago has suffered a dramatic
spike in violent crime and shootings in
2016 the last time the south side of
Chicago where many of these shootings
are taking place had a level 1 adult
trauma center to treat victims of gun
violence was in 1991 when the Michael
Reese trauma center was shut down that
site is what you see here behind me now
nothing more than an empty lot hospitals
aren't required to operate trauma
centers and Chicago has seen many of
them shut down in recent years the
reason trauma care is expensive and
hospitals lose money especially when
treating gunshot wounds because victims
often lack health insurance
Rockwell's worth 68th and Damen in
Englewood there's been a shooting there
were five victims three seriously
injured they were taken to three
different trauma centers around the city
two of the victims were pronounced dead
later that night the main thing when we
have a trauma patient is doing the most
we can in the smallest amount of time
depending on where they might be shot
and you know what I want to make sure
that we're controlling that bleeding
starting some IVs and route we can start
giving them some fluid but what they
really need truly is a trauma center as
quickly as possible because that's
really the main thing that's gonna wind
up improving their outcome shootings
here in Chicago is on the rise certain
hospitals are just getting overloaded
with the trauma and sometimes you know
during our peak periods of the summer
they just can't do it so they have to go
on bypass and then we have to go to the
next closest appropriate Hospital which
could be a significant time pass that
hospital how does that sort of play into
what you're doing and what you're seeing
on the streets here you know especially
if you have shooting on the south side
having work down on the south side they
have to go significant amount of time to
get to their closest trauma center which
obviously that plays into the survival
rate which you know certain things time
matters the University of Chicago
operated a level one adult trauma center
on the south side until 1988 when the
school closed it for financial reasons
in recent years activists have targeted
the private university urging it to
reopen the center in my estimation this
is the biggest most advanced Medical
Center for miles around and it almost
seemed like there's no other solution
that could possibly exist for solving
this problem of being a trauma care
desert it's so crazy to me to think that
you know there's market and profit
factors that go into dealing with
healthcare I advocate for single-payer
healthcare system expansion of
healthcare insurance to everybody in the
country because I think that we lose
lives for
lack of medical care and lack of good
access to medical care it would be great
if the university's sole mission in this
wasn't to think about dollars and cents
but to think about lives saved but
they've got to in order to stay open
there were originally nine designated
centers we have since dwindled to six
the University of Chicago dropped out
because of financial losses so Christ's
Medical Center which is located about
six blocks outside the Southside city
limits
at one point it would have been number
four on the world list for gunshot
wounds annually we're talking about
7,000 trauma patients a year on the
Southside that would make Christ's if
they were able to actually accommodate
all of them would make done the busiest
trauma center in the world and on
average how far to patients on the
Southside have to travel in order to
reach then a trauma center the far
southeast corner of the city is thirty
five minutes away
in the best of conditions what's your
view on how much distance really is a
factor in their chances of survival and
of recovery time is important the exact
quantification of that time is difficult
but if you ask any trauma surgeon it
only makes sense that if you have to
drive 35 minutes with a patient who is
critically injured the likelihood of
that patient surviving is probably
diminished
on May 7th 2013 Kevin Ambrose was shot
while walking to the 47th Street Green
Line station to pick up a friend he was
transported to Stroger Hospital on the
west side of Chicago where he later died
Ambrose a student at Columbia College
was only 19
Kristen let's talk about Kevin tell me
about him he loved to dance
he loved to write he wrote a lot of
Rebbe's lot of poetry so obviously kevin
was not an again oh no
you dibela he was really not trying to
be a part of the game in any sort of way
his friends weren't we did not do gangs
in our household let's talk about the
night that he was shot where were you
and how did you find out what had
happened it was around maybe about 10:30
11 o'clock at night my mom starts
banging on my door and she's screaming
like Kristen and I open the door and
she's like Kevin's been shot and I just
like I froze I don't know what to do
the police was out there in front of our
house and he's like hurry up and look
too good or look too good and we get in
the car and instead of being able to
drive to university of otago or
Providence who was hospitalized
literally two blocks away from my house
we had to drive all the way to Stroger
Hospital I don't even know where surgery
is but I know it's not close
we got there before the ambulance and
there's absolutely no reason why we
should have been there first
let's revive him when he got there and
he didn't last long do you think that
there could have been a different
outcome had he been taken to a closer
hospital I actually strongly believe
that he would have had a better chance
but I'm not sure if it would have been a
different outcome he died at the
hospital he didn't die on his way there
but there are people that dying on their
way to children when they could you know
been in the hospital they could have
been getting a better treatment that
they need it and I don't understand how
University College they've been on the
south side for years they know what's
happening around them they should have
been opened that trauma center but they
don't care people do not care about
what's happening to these people on the
south side the fact that they fought
back against the level one trauma center
why would you fight against saving lives
you took an oath to save people's lives
and it's disgusting that all these
people have to die and all these protest
has to happen just for them to even feel
obligated to open one the turning point
in the fight for a trauma center on
Chicago's South Side was the 2010 death
of 18-year old Damien Turner he was shot
three blocks from the University of
Chicago's medical campus and died while
being transported to Northwestern
Memorial Hospital ten miles away
no help two months I thought I met
Damien Turner is when he was murdered
and that's when essentially a detriment
sending campaign I started what was
University of Chicago its position at
the beginning and the beginners in
University of Chicago said that creating
a trauma center will cost a lot of money
and it would take away from some of the
other services that they already provide
and that's why it was important for us
to do direct action because we knew
there was no way that we could ask them
to care about our lives
every time we've done a direct action
I've been forcibly removed by the
University Chicago police
I've been brutalized by UC PD they
arrested us and they put us in jail for
46 hours all we had Metaxa for was a
meeting with the president
Rob Zimmer and and in people who
actually could make this decision to
make a promise and it happened when the
University of Chicago sought to host
Barack Obama's presidential library
activists vowed to derail those plans
unless a trauma center was built after
years of pressure the University of
Chicago announced in December a 269
million dollar expansion plan that could
include the reopening of its trauma
center the university provided us with a
written statement emphasizing that they
are committed to saving lives they say
that their integrated plan shaped by
community input would combine a trauma
center with other expanded services to
better provide for the needs of the
community
posts about your role as the mediator
between the organizations that were
pushing for this Center and the
University I grew up on the south side
of Chicago and being alum of the
University adjunct professor over at the
Divinity School I had a relationship on
both sides and so it put us in sort of a
unique place we were able to bring
people together to begin having those
conversations why hasn't the issue of
trauma care been such a hot topic I
think people have always thought about
trauma care in this very pathological
stereotypical kind of way if you get
shot you must have done something wrong
that's what our silence and our inaction
has communicated throughout the years
the fact is you deserve equal access and
equal opportunity to healthcare that the
aldermen that the mayor has you deserve
it too even as a seventeen year old
black boy even as a gangbanger drug
dealer
we all deserve that same access the
university's plan was approved on May
10th
that means the trauma center could open
by 2018 but rebuilding trust within the
community will likely take more time
those services are going to be great and
they are going to save lives but I'm
never going to feel like we actually
wanted to the trauma center is actually
open it sustained a trauma centers got
to go into perpetuity and be a part of
the University's vision for providing
care on the south side even if it takes
a loss
you
