what happened after was a relatively
sophisticated cover-up what does that
mean does that mean that there was no
massacre that meaning that the UN didn't
have enough facts and was not able to
ascertain enough facts that something
actually occurred they saw children he
killed there were body parts and welds
the government that had just turned a
corner was now perhaps implicit and
crimes against humanity for the
international community to know what's
happening and not do anything this is
essentially the hallmark of complicity
the human trafficking situation may have
slowed down for now but the conditions
of our kind state show little signs of
improvement worse it seems as if the
international community may be willing
to accept the status quo sacrificing the
right Hendra for political expediency
critics have alleged that the United
Nations has prized maintaining good
relations with the government over
stopping the oppression of the religion
these types of accusations against the
UN are nothing new in 2009 during the
final stages of Sri Lanka Civil War tens
of thousands of civilians were killed by
the army the UN was criticised for
failing to speak up and pressure the
government in the lead-up to the mass
killings when people faced grave
violations of human rights they expect
the United Nations to act yet in 2012 my
internal review panel assessed UN action
in the final stages of armed conflict in
Sri Lanka as a systemic failure
the internal investigation concluded
that there was a systemic failure at the
UN due to a culture of trade-offs with
the government combined with reluctance
among young staff in sri lanka to stand
up for the rights of people they were
mandated to assist in order to prevent
something like this from happening again
the UN launched the Human Rights up
front initiative which aimed to put
protection of Human Rights above all
else unfortunately there are many human
rights workers including its own
employees who say that with the roar
henjo the UN is once again failing to
protect vulnerable citizens including
allegedly turning a blind eye to mass
atrocities of our kind state we brought
those allegations to the UN's resident
coordinator in Myanmar Ranade de Salian
there's been recent accusations that the
UN isn't doing enough I met they're
complicit in crimes against humanity and
other things that are happening there
how do you respond to those allegations
the UN is actually doing quite a lot
we're advocating for their human rights
at numerous forums in Geneva and New
York here locally the UN is doing more
than anybody else quite frankly in
trying to address the root causes and so
I think it's a very unfair argument
we've spoken to people energy owes you
know what they're telling us is that
there's a failure that you want to push
back on the government there's sort of
an appeasement process going on and
they're concerned that the systems to
prevent mass atrocities aren't in place
right now so there's no appeasement
going on whatsoever the UN works in
various ways parts of the UN are there
to stand up and call a spade a spade and
that is exactly what's happening I don't
think anyone has spoken out as loudly as
the UN on rights violations and
unacceptable situation in Rakhine State
so there's absolutely no competency
whatsoever however vice news got a hold
of leaked internal documents including
emails and a resignation letter of a
mid-level official that show you and
employees with mounting concerns about
UN inaction
with some even questioning whether the
UN is complicit in crimes against
humanity we asked Matt Smith to help
walk us through the leaked documents and
what they mean for the right hinges what
do you make of the tone of these
documents the fact that there is
accurate information that has been
communicated and transmitted up the the
the information food chain among some of
these agencies is significant because it
demonstrates that that that that people
do or at least should know what's
actually going on and what's been going
on for decades there's no lack of
information about what's happening the
response is the real issue and there are
people who are in positions to influence
the situation in Rakhine State and not
only are they not doing it but in some
cases they've actually made the
situation worse these agencies want to
stay within the good graces of the
Myanmar authorities and there's nothing
wrong with that they should be working
with the authorities the problem comes
when there are these severe abuses
taking place when atrocity crimes are
taking place and there's an action an
internal review address the UN silence
and inaction in Myanmar and in one
e-mail a UN employee writes I'm trying
to be constructive in a discussion of
potential risk of us being complicit to
the commission of crimes against
humanity in another document an employee
raises alarm bells saying I'm extremely
concerned about a repeat of the systemic
failures by the UN to prevent
large-scale violence as we have
witnessed before
what do you think is behind this
negligence from from the UN and and
these agencies in terms of putting
pressure on the government there's a
great amount of fear among in between
agencies that are operational in Myanmar
fear that they will be evicted like MSF
Doctors Without Borders was evicted in
Doctors Without Borders or MSF a
nonprofit medical humanitarian
organization was forced out of the
country after it said it treated 22
people for injuries and wounds in guchi
yard on a village in Rakhine State where
Massacre is alleged to have occurred
with the participation of local
authorities the government refuted the
statements all the while refusing to
allow an independent investigation and
denying that a massacre occurred the
duty on incident is a disturbing mystery
in which it is alleged that dozens of
our hinges were killed including women
and children with the help of local
authorities 8,000 people fled the area
but no bodies were ever found the
government did its own investigations
concluding that no massacre occurred but
there are many who disagree with the
government's findings at any given time
I was the most senior human rights
officer in the country and focused on
Rakhine State Michel shake worked for
the UN at the time and is the only
international observer to gain access to
the area in the aftermath of the
incident this is the first time he has
spoken to the media about what happened
can you tell us what you saw I saw some
very traumatized people who explained
some very terrible things that had
happened killings they saw children
being killed they explained that there
were body parts in wells it was very
clear that people had experienced
something very traumatic tens and tens
of eyewitnesses who had claimed that
this had happened so you took your
findings to the UN and and what happened
after that we delivered it to the
Myanmar government saying these are
these are some very serious allegations
we're hearing you have the
responsibility to investigate these
things the government vociferously
denied that anything was happening only
the military and only in place were were
able to go and go out there are travel
bans couldn't move north and south on
one of these roads the provided perfect
opportunity to scrub the air
for nearly two weeks a cover yeah
effectively yes we received information
at the time that there were a number of
killings taking place and do cheered on
what happened after was a relatively
sophisticated cover-up that successfully
influenced the thinking not only of the
diplomatic community but also senior UN
officials including at the UN
headquarters in New York there was a lot
of disagreement within the UN about what
did and did not take place and do
Chariton despite the detailed UN report
citing numerous eyewitness accounts
Sheikh says you and higher-ups were
persuaded by the government's denials so
to see what happened the UN sort of
walked back as report and stopped
putting pressure on the government yes
that's what happened it prioritizes
relationship with the government over
the people that it was in the business
of protecting UN employees like Sheikh
who wanted to press the government for
an independent investigation and who
were concerned with the way that the
narrative was being altered were
silenced and intimidated by their
superiors in the leaked resignation
letter a mid-level official states she
was told by her supervisor to never
raise this with her or anyone else if
you want to continue your career in the
UN I was instructed to rewrite history
she states you know we've seen internal
documents including email as a
resignation letter that are saying that
people who were speaking up about what
happened to geodon and what happened
what's happening to the Ranjha were
effectively being silenced or
intimidated to stay quiet is that
something you experience as well yeah
not just with duty our time prior to
deshawn after duty our time after duty
Ratana got much worse I'll be clear when
you're talking about very nasty human
rights abuses
it makes dialog much more difficult and
what we see in UN is a the leadership
there doesn't want to have these frank
and difficult discussions they rather
sideline them they'd rather prioritize
their relationship with the government
and push aside those that have the facts
we've seen you know some documents that
were given to us about internal UN sort
of dissents and from what some of the
people that have worked here have told
us is that they feel like the voices
that are raised to concern about this
are being suppressed or forced out and
that there really isn't that much being
done can you go into detail about what
happened with Duty art on why that was a
controversy and why the UN walked back
on having an international investigation
done there were deep concerns about an
incident that was very very upsetting
for for everybody
subsequent to that incident it appears
that some of the allegations that were
made do not appear to have been
substantiated so I think that it's
unfair to say that the UN backed away
from calling for an investigation the
information that we subsequently learned
didn't corroborate the initial
allegations that were were made meaning
that they don't think any sort of
massacre occurred there was no violence
there was no whatever does that mean
meaning that the UN didn't have enough
facts and was not able to ascertain
enough facts that something actually
occurred as allocated even though MSF
said that people were being treated for
trauma and things along that we
understand that something happened and
we understand people who are treated for
a trauma but there's a big difference
between that and some of the allegations
that were but doesn't that call for an
international investigation of some
sorts well there were a as I understand
it inadequate information to to proceed
along those lines Vice News confirmed
that the UN sent and staffed back to the
duty hour ton area two weeks after it
submitted its initial report to collect
additional information what they found
corroborated the initial findings that
pointed to alleged mass atrocities the
UN and others were trying to make up for
a disastrous moral failure in Sri Lanka
and saw Myanmar
I'm a a culpa that if they got me am i
right
it could absolve them from the sins in
Sri Lanka there is a real desire to get
a right moon but the desire to get it
right
also preventive from people from looking
at reality this culture of we need to
get it right and if we challenge the
government too much it could ruin that
relationship but also challenge our good
news story that we've been telling
ourselves and telling the world the
government that had that had just turned
a corner was now perhaps complicit in
crimes against humanity
we were in the narrative it would ruin
the narrative yeah absolutely
and that narrative was too valuable to
be tarnished the good news narrative of
Myanmar got a huge boost on March 30th
when on song su Chi and her National
League for Democracy party were sworn
into office assuring in a new era
there's a lot of hope that reforms will
continue as the country further
transitions to democracy more hinges in
the camps themselves told us that they
think things will change for the better
with the NLD now in power he's a known
on telemetry morado Malaysia ania ania a
party and led an internal cuckoo develop
email lieutenant Cameron an oligo found
eternity no leader senior but the
reality is that little has been done or
even proposed with regard to the role
hindrance great things are happening in
Myanmar or a kind state is a festering
wound on that progress the newly elected
NLD has said that the situation in
Rakhine State is not a priority even own
song sushi a Nobel Peace Prize winner
and a darling of the international
community has been mostly silent when it
comes to speaking up for the religion
there is evidence that they have yes
many have ended but Muslims have been
targeted but also but this have been
subjected to violence but there's fear
on both side and so it is just fear fear
on both
you would accept though that the scale
of the suffering is not equal on both
sides there is something like a hundred
and forty thousand Burmese Muslims
displaced from their homes and living in
camps they're the ones who are bearing
the brunt of this violence I think there
are many many Buddhists who have also
left the country for various reasons and
there are many of Buddhas who are in
refugee camps you hear about this
positive relationship now that the US
has with Myanmar that the UK has an AMR
and it seems like there's this out in
the open ethnic cleansing that's
happening I mean while it doesn't seem
like much is being done some people have
essentially been intoxicated by this
romantic narrative that Democratic
Change is sweeping through the country
and that the situation will necessarily
turn out great for all populations in
Myanmar and I think part of the reason
why the international community has not
done more is because there are certain
political and economic incentives to not
having these inconvenient conversations
with senior government officials and for
the international community to know
what's happening and not do anything
this is essentially the hallmark of
complicity
