I can't explain it to you if I have I
have to sit here and tell you you have
to see if they're your own eyes that's
that's the biggest thing once you see it
you'll understand appear you know it's a
catastrophe this is what it is
so we're here with a crew delivering
supplies and water to evacuation camps
and firefighters along the way to Fort
McMurray and behind me is a huge gray
plume of smoke coming from the city and
we're here at the sand tiger lodgings
camp for oil workers and we have about
10 minutes to get out of here because
the whole place has been evacuated so
we're going to keep traveling north and
see how far we can get into the city
okay this is your opportunity you can
you feel unsafe you can get it now
there's a checkpoint up here I can drop
you off at and if you want to keep going
you can go if not everybody okay I'll be
in danger
No as far as I know hopefully not but
the possibilities is there we're good I
think you're good you think
so we just got through the first
checkpoint into Fort McMurray we're less
than 10 kilometers out only essential
people technically can be here right now
and we're driving through thick smoke
the air is heavy and you can see flames
scattered about we have 300 sandwiches
here that we're going to drop for
firefighting crews on Mac Island and
then from there we're just going to see
how far and we can get the fire has
already come and originally started over
here and it's already burned all the way
through and as you can see up here on
the right hand side everything's all
burned all the phone lines power lines
all down right here
this is grayling Terrace a neighborhood
that is a neighborhood
we're on the other side of the hill
where all of these houses have been
burnt to the ground you can see smoke
coming up from parts of it still up
around here RCMP are based where they're
training in case they need to go out and
put out other fires and offer support
you know it's sunny here but there
really isn't much sign of life and our
driver Daniel's father-in-law lives in
this house here he's hoping to get some
photos of it so he can show him they've
all had to leave everything behind and
he's hoping to collect some memories to
show them what's left here you know I
mean we're paycheck to paycheck even me
and my family trying to trying to pay
these big these big rent bills that you
know people people losing their houses
because they have no job and now you
lose your house because it's a frigging
fire I'm making my way through our in
the street as a bullet alley they can't
control it in my opinion that's my
opinion right now they're just trying to
protect infrastructure right
so we're here in tymberlee which is a
northern part of Fort McMurray and these
were all homes most of them townhouses
and a lot of people from here there's a
lot of misinformation out right now so a
lot of people who think that their homes
are intact might be mistaken and vice
versa so a number of social media pages
have popped up trying to get people
aware of what's standing and what's not
we're standing outside the checkpoint on
the way out so heading south and you can
look back and see just how thick the air
is now again our driver was wearing a
gas mask on the way out and we're seeing
bomber planes go by dropping water there
have been a few active fires here and
there and we overheard the police say
that for the first time in a few days
they're actually seeing more fires again
they're seeing some reignite so it's
unclear you know how long this is going
to be going on and with the winds
changing all the time so is the fire for
for the community my biggest fear is
rebuilding and it's not over that fire
is just getting bigger bigger
