there is nowhere in the world where
women and men have total equality it
doesn't exist anywhere
the London 2016 mayoral election will
see a historical moment as Britain's
first feminist party hits suppose with
the goal of making London the world's
first ever gender equal City the big
issue now is just making sure everybody
knows that we exist and that we're a
possibility we are on everybody else's
radar our manifesto policies are being
pinched my heart you call you party the
women's equality party we thought we'd
like you really care about what we want
do you think that men might feel
excluded like why wouldn't you call it
the gender equality party oh so scary
say secretly I think the Conservative
Party in the labour party and all this
have been the men's conservative party
they just didn't feel they needed to
mention it especially men when you talk
about the word feminism it's almost like
it's become an F word to change it I'm a
FEMINIST I've always been a feminist I
think it's a fantastic thing to be if
that scares you don't call yourself that
but still fight the fight don't get
fixated on a word that stops you getting
the job done if we dealt with all the
issues like child care and fully
employing all the women of London it'd
be worth 70 billion pounds to the city
women in the UK us in Europe were given
the right to vote almost a hundred years
ago but despite being fifty one percent
of the population women are still
heavily underrepresented in the halls of
power and according to the World
Economic Forum women will have to wait
another hundred and eighteen years to
get paid the same as men
a women's equality party are hitting the
streets now they're gonna start door
knocking so let's see if London is ready
for gender equality a women's equality
party I'll get my wife this is very
silly hope the women's equality party
could achieve we have so few women in
Parliament and I think a lot of those
women are embarrassed to bring things up
because they're seen as women's issues
but they are everyone's issues we're the
only party that hopes one day to not
need to exist that would be nice
wouldn't it
so that we can all take up weaving I
thought that I would just live my life
with a pay gap I didn't think that it
was ever really gonna change and then
women's clothes first came along it
doesn't feel like old politics it feels
new conviction but yes we campaign on a
female opening ticket there are quite a
lot of women represent leotards
it's over cycling so wait so are you not
afraid that you're excluding men the
people who are the most discriminated
against in our country are women
two-thirds of Britain's poorest people
are women the scale of violence against
women is enormous
people say well haven't women got enough
equality I don't really know what enough
equality looks like but my answer is
always no we haven't got enough 9
million women failed to vote at the
general election a lot of women don't
see their lives their needs their
experiences represented it's about time
that issues were addressed they can
raise awareness of the issues your goal
is to make London the first gender equal
city in the world yes
what are you up against well we're up
against a 23% pay gap child care that is
1/3 more expensive than anywhere else in
the UK we have an Equal Pay Act and a
Sex Discrimination Act which have both
about 4045 years old
and neither of them work properly it's
time to decide that women are not a
special interest group you know we want
to see other parties take our manifestos
and steal our ideas when that happens we
celebrate and then we raise the bar
