they keep increasing why'd you come to
Chernobyl you know it's radioactive
right the area is almost unique I mean
Fukushima in time I suppose will
potentially give the same sort of feel
but though there will be nothing like
Chernobyl and the exclusion zone here
we're at the first checkpoint at the
entry to the Chernobyl zone at the 30
kilometer point from the reactor once
you go through here the area is
contaminated April 26th is the 30th
anniversary of the worst nuclear
accident in history the disaster at the
Soviet Union's tree noble nuclear power
plant in 1986 contaminated large areas
of Ukraine Belarus and Russia but three
decades later somehow it's become a
tourist attraction you need permission
to get in but it's actually pretty easy
to pay a guide to take you on a tour
these three maps represent the
contamination of the exclusion zone area
by different isotopes this is where we
are right now exactly seven so right now
we are at one of the entrances to the
exclusion zone altogether there are 12
checkpoint scattered everywhere do you
think it's dangerous for us to go into
here is it dangerous to smoke the tester
s - I don't know drive the car yes it's
a very relative question you know I
can't really answer it got it okay well
I guess we'll have to take a chance
taking a chance with me we're Wilson a
traveller from Hong Kong and Andrew but
tourists from the UK they both paid a
few hundred bucks to get a dose of
Chernobyl
20 minutes later we were already at the
epicenter of the exclusion zone
increasing so as soon as we came up to
the reactor everybody's Geiger counters
started going crazy
so that's reactor number 4 the one that
was destroyed in the accident and it's
covered with something called the
sarcophagus that was put there in the
80s to keep all of the radioactive
material inside but it started falling
apart so they've built an even bigger
cover called the arch at great cost with
the help of the European Union that's
gonna be rolled over to cover the entire
sarcophagus it's gonna be rolled over on
Rails when it's completed in 2017 why
did you come to Chernobyl we're right
next to the reactor which is the most
radioactive area in the zone aren't you
a little bit afraid of the radiation not
that much by the meter is now still safe
showing the meter
yeah according to the - a guy she told
me is okay well you can see all those
people working inside without the
protective coating or mask so I think
he's safe and why did you decide to come
to Chernobyl
I think this is quite a special
experience for me is not traveling by
just a shopping or see the nice scenic
spot but here I can really see something
not coming for the other tourists I
didn't tell my parents but my friends
say that I met I'm crazy why you go
there our next stop was the town of
freaking the closest city to the reactor
which have to be totally evacuated and
it stood empty for thirty years
parts of it were relatively clean but
you never know when you've hit a bad
patch
so counts per minute that's aha yeah
that's how many better particles
basically we're having up to 50 yep
and how many is that that's sixteen
hundreds over 1700 so do you think it's
dangerous for tourists to be coming here
I think it's not dangerous for ordinary
people to come here on one or short day
trips because the radiation levels are
not as high as people would presume
before coming here but into statistics
last year seventeen one seven thousand
people visited the exclusion zone as
travelers this room is the props for the
concert halls you see back in the Soviet
Union people when they worked at a plant
or if they were teaching stuff or maybe
doctors and nurses of a hospital in the
free time they were kept busy they had
to participate in some place maybe if
they could sing well they would sing
yeah in this way everyone will had fun
people didn't take drugs didn't drink a
lot Chernobyl is the site of the world's
worst nuclear accident and people come
here for a lot of different reasons I
think one of the main ones though is
that it's a time capsule for the Soviet
Union of 1986 a country that doesn't
exist anymore and apart from that it's
also great for Instagram
why'd you come to Chernobyl you know
it's radioactive right the area is
almost unique I mean
Fukushima in time I suppose will
potentially give the same sort of the
same sort of feel but though there will
be nothing like Chernobyl and the
exclusion zone here after coming back
from Chernobyl I wanted to double-check
just how dumb a decision had been to go
there so I visited Ukraine's main
radiation research hospital
Japan also kakushita a twist on this
apartment yes deeds on Watchers Jania
Chernobyl ah yes kshitij the turista
Mergen is opening Kotori Hulett pootaroo
name organism mushroom
absolutely disap a sniper CJ Chernobyl -
Rustam Kotori Patera buy cheap rajala yo
pre demotic Akitas famous roti
naruse a jobseeker of the cops will
never wrote a Postma residues right I
need the map associate me what's khadija
what Tommy devotee shakyas honestly so
she stood for pros natalka pallucci Geum
the Grizz new year's day ruku no it was
more than a suit a key if the huge atop
will reject you know we had one person
answers to us dunya stupid some problem
of tongs to move it with the white
motive cleared keep any party's name
Bucheon for cosmos the mood was a wide
scar intact Wally booster ear Azad
Sookie valedictorian with Idris polonium
not to his reward acaba what no score in
history Union what a tollbooth Kotori
yeah as you pursue any button you have I
used most with another reason enough
the system of the tech tyranny of the
 knocker
I shouldn't have found rich tirupati
material is the statistics extortion on
it a go what is that they can they're
sort of cheated upon Ostrovsky similar
Amish
here we go
so they're putting me in here I'm gonna
be laying here for 20 minutes apparently
and they're gonna find out about every
bit of radiation that's in my body fine
chilly in here
in the music
now the moment of truth
she needs me emotion ability digital who
was the absolute no Jessica was not just
my ask of Chernobyl Ebola bizarre past
nine the number that is a person at the
Muslims because I separated only special
which is that over tens of thousands of
people are believed to have died
prematurely because of Chernobyl and
even though my short clip there probably
won't have any effects on my health the
consequences for the people of Ukraine
Belarus and Russia are still playing out
a generation later it's surprising that
there are so many kids here because the
accident happened 30 years ago and none
of them were even born but it turns out
that it's not just the people who were
directly affected by the radiation or
suffering their kids have been affected
to whether the clerk in the out a
minuite Donita Kotori considered
privileged cuzco a bruiser Vanya we
would really suck them we witness to
jay-z lose a adorable Chili's total
straddle Tapajos me police in America
digitally episode radius a and improv
really probably ammo I see new prettily
Toto's no Pallavi no no could you send a
get on again entities come Romney and
now the music we had the morning very
cooler than period the Watson it did but
do not choose a de l√≠neas a good profit
she tells HD recipes at DJ de cos the
ggot practice amends the pavani
Elia out immunity rigid illa wus Lavoie
so is a at the premier autumn moon
D'Souza preserve onion to anxiously no
good that Wonka
hola me llamo billion my children always
go right here the moment average a part
of all of Silesia peace coveted
political support is Judith autism
research
yeah nichelle exceptional quality
colitas the trap ELISA II pressure voila
- told you needed to Chinook was Bullock
agita problem is the Rogen my pristine
Oprah who told upstairs Enya Medici
schooling Kuroko bogus cava mmm
talking about your problems double the
 witness dollars there was a
pressure F pernicious pressure off loser
accessibility problem never Chavarria
was think our Miami a problem on a new
policy so you should have eaten is
always a emo straight education implode
I imagine we latisha no parameters to
the tostones
pero busted up a silly rat themselves in
reactive Tara who says delete a clue in
Ibiza personal formal robot collect
register data she tells of seemingly
inertia
Ismene alone nauseous but he would not
sure who the holiday deceived by boost
emotion F seats as Mowgli's rather
sticky Morano if the whole original
witnessed its problemo para selling of
the highly adept at seen on movie
Nunavut territory he shot some - Adams
the more value 11 eternal as a
cautionary simply too much of course
nice EMU totally a Cheeto budget
almighty really cool cause of water when
Yamuna productive money premier bicycle
with it one cause a hoarder one young 30
years after the Chernobyl disaster
emptied this town and made large chunks
of Ukraine Belarus and Russia
uninhabitable nuclear energy is actually
getting a new lease on life from people
who think it might be the answer to
climate change because it doesn't
produce the greenhouse gases that are
warming the earth but with everything
that's happened here and more recently
the Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan
it seems like people just haven't
learned how to use nuclear energy safely
yet
