the whole region and South Sudan's
international sponsors the great powers
are awaiting essentially to find out
what will happen will dr. Michele return
to Juba when will he return to Juba what
are the conditions attached sir the
moment dr. Shah he's here holding court
essentially in his opposition
headquarters is kind of capital in exile
in Pagac and a bush encampment just over
the border from Ethiopia
the world's media international and
regional dignitaries are all waiting for
you at Juba airport when do you expect
to arrive I shut should be sedative but
this is dependent on the airlift that is
taking place at Gambia will you chief
Starke gates were I'm hoping so I expect
I expected him to go today this
afternoon yeah but apparently they still
have him talks over types of Amman that
we should take to you that question over
armaments and munitions that haggling
over the weaponry do you have concerns
for your own security when you go to do
that that's not really it's not my
concerns this that's there's a lack of
agreement over what types of armament
that each party should have initially we
started by saying the militarizing you
bow to us the militarizing given while
deploying the level of troops is
stipulated in the agreement meant no
heavy armament and that includes tanks
but after now we give way still has
tanks and have very heavy artillery all
in all we said when it's best to go to
Google and sort of these things well the
government is formed why do you think
the govt government have kept tanks of
cat artillery have kept heavy weapons
inside Sheba I don't know that question
should be asked to the President and
also the the mediators and who another
grant tells of the peace agreement I
think it's time for them to come in and
do something like an arbitration over
this issue what types of women should be
in Juba not only in you were also other
towns do you think we are looking at the
last few days of the war or will it
continue
currently the war is the ceasefire has
not held I believe up to three days ago
they was fighting but only node we
decided maybe my presence in you gonna
stop the government from our Tatton from
attacking our troops so sorry are you
saying that the GP government side are
aggressive I have to know they they
don't recognize but they don't accept
the presence of SPM I process so
according to Rickman sure he'll be
flying to Juba and Saturday hopefully
hopefully will be flying with him
but after the past few days it remains
to be seen whether they'll actually
happen
