la is most often known for Hollywood and
the film industry but the city was
actually built on oil there's just a
tremendous amount of oil fields
underneath the city I often think about
the children who live in this
neighborhood you know their bodies are
smaller and more sensitive to toxins it
really breaks my heart I remember being
in school and like always having
nosebleeds are always being sent to the
office because of headaches or nausea I
was constantly being exposed to these
toxic emissions so the guys playing ball
over here have no risk whatsoever
engaging in physical activity just about
ten feet away from this pump I you say
confidently no we are perfectly safe
standing here the oil industry is
extremely powerful in the
decision-making around these facilities
ultimately doesn't come down to whether
a politician is progressive it comes
down to the willingness of elected
officials to protect communities and
that has not happened in the city of Los
Angeles it's unacceptable and it should
be outlawed
