there is clear direct connection between
the president being president and his
business flourishing and getting more
and more assets
we're in Kiev Ukraine where the
government faces yet another crisis the
Prime Minister has stepped down and the
president who outranks him is looking
for another candidate to head his
cabinet but the problem is the President
himself has lost a lot of the goodwill
of the Ukrainian people over the last
two years of his rule and part of the
reason are allegations of corruption
that stretched all the way back to
Panama the Panama papers a massive data
leak from a firm that helped all kinds
of world leaders register their assets
and opaque shell companies included
details on the business empire of
ukrainian President Petro poroshenko
although he hasn't been accused of
anything strictly illegal it's been an
embarrassment for his administration
because he's said he doesn't want other
businessmen to use such schemes one of
the reasons to structure this offshore
entity in a way it was done through
where is off shores is minimization of
taxation it's not the crime but if
President poroshenko and he was running
for the presidency
he promised to the people of Ukraine to
sell off all his business including his
candy factory and he's being successful
but he didn't do this till now there is
a political responsibility president
portion got to behave differently to
show the new rules and new standards to
show but his example of how business is
not connected to politics but president
fails to do so and he ends up in
offshore panama papers' in the same line
with putin so this is the cost his pain
for not delivering and adhering to his
promise
the Prime Minister Yatsenyuk just asked
the Parliament to accept his resignation
and then poroshenko asked them to vote
in his new cabinet but the question is
will the new government be any better
than the last one at fighting corruption
looks like glad Amir brosman has just
been approved as the new Prime Minister
of Ukraine he's a close person Co ally
but he's not particularly known to be a
reformist
we're going to meet Sergei Lysenko who
is a former anti-corruption journalist
but who now serves as a member of
parliament in the president's own party
what's happened with poroshenko it is
the initial result of his policy so his
policy finalized with Panama papers and
current political crisis because he
wants to control everything at the same
time he is not ready to break corrupt
schemes she's not ready to punish his
cronies the idea to establish this
upshots
to healthy social on his personal name
the name of president after the
integration this is not very smart this
is not very good it's surprising because
you're a member of crescendos block yeah
you're so critical of him of course
I am very disappointed especially
because so many people were waiting from
him that he was a completely different
political approach and he was elected
after a revolution of dignity and he
promised a lot and he was elected in the
first round and some Canada's did not
run just to support him and finally what
we have now the deepest crisis during
last year's do you think a revolution is
possible no I think there is no
revolution situation but like I cannot
excuse street protests
we've tracked the American ambassador
down to a conference in Kiev because I
want to ask him about the very high
level of support that the US has given
poroshenko even though he's made very
modest progress with reforms Ukraine's a
notoriously corrupt country and over the
last two years of prochaine codes rule
that hasn't really become any less
corrupt not a single top official has
been put in prison for corruption given
that do you think this president really
deserves the unwavering support that the
United States has been giving him up
till now I think the most important
thing Simon is the Ukrainian people
deserve the support that we've been
giving them this is a country as you've
reported over two years it's been
invaded that has pulled itself together
that has demonstrated progress in
implementing very difficult economic
reforms you sound a little bit like
poroshenko spokesman right now because
today the government has been completely
changed over to a non reformist
government almost all of the Reformers
have been kicked out so how can you be
supportive of that so I think we're
gonna wait to see how this government
does and this is a different set of
personalities from those who were there
before I personally was encouraged by
what I heard from Prime Minister
Grossman today in terms of his
commitment to sustain this reform
process but frankly the loudest demand
for this progress on reform doesn't come
from the United States or from the
European Union question the opinion
people so what is poroshenko actually
done this is his confectionary factory
which is obviously located here in
Ukraine but on paper it was moved to the
British Virgin Islands in 2014 and
according to the organized crime and
corruption reporting projects chrushank
Oh may have violated two rules
he opened a company in the Virgin
Islands while president and then he
didn't declare the assets this all
points to a much bigger issue which is
that he faces a huge conflict of
interests because he hasn't sold his
companies so it might be time for the
president to ask himself is he a tycoon
or is he a politician
the president's personal financial
adviser denied any wrongdoing on
poroshenko's part and said the ownership
of Russian was structured to place his
assets in a trust in order to avoid a
conflict of interests mr. park Inka did
not register Roshan in an offshore
jurisdiction Roshan is still a Ukrainian
company that pays taxes in Ukraine the
companies that were international
companies that were registered by us on
his behalf our registered who's the sole
purpose of transferring he's
shareholding into a trust and it was
done in lieu of the sale of the company
which proved to be very difficult in
this economic environment do you think
it's a coincidence that since poroshenko
became president his companies have
become much more profitable of course
it's not a coincidence I'm not saying
that poroshenko gives clear instructions
and is abusing his power to make sure
that his business is flourishing but in
the Ukrainian realities what everyone
knows that this is a business of
president no one will touch this
business everyone will give licenses to
this business text authorities will not
look into this business and this makes
it much more competitive than other
similar businesses and it is clear to
all Ukrainians so there is a clear
direct connection between the president
being president and his business
flourishing and getting more and more
assets
