my urine Blomfield our data is to
Bloomfield is overwhelming the police
are sweeping people in there based on
race and they're making people pay
enormous sums of their municipal budget
we take checks cash or credit cards if
you cannot work out a payment plan you
must come back in the courtroom I'll
make a determination as to whether you
need a standard for typings
when the public is perceived as the cash
cow for a municipality that's a very
adverse relationship and nothing good
could come of it we really do not see
our police officers racially profiling
anyone in this Township if we did we
would be way out in front you got cops
on both sides flashlights in your face
as a black man you have that initial
reaction like something could really
happen to me right now it's not an easy
filling every single time
