an akuna not after me
middle Emmanuelle movie dr. vinet ship
anonymously winter ahead move your
machine will help us feel guilty anyway
in Tuesday March 22nd two bombs went off
in Brussels main airport and one in
Malbec metro station killing over 30
people the attacks have been claimed by
the Islamic state
all right University Hospital Brussels
where the most severe victims from
Tuesday's attack were bought we're about
to speak to a doctor who's been treating
them so can you please describe to her
what happened on Tuesday when he first
started receiving the patients from the
attack well first of all we received a
message that there was an attack then
there's a disaster plan taking off and
so we received the message that the
first patients were on their way to our
Hospital there was about half an hour
after the incident can you describe to
me the kind of wounds that people had
received from the attack these were
dirty bombs as they saying so there's a
lot of small metal objects that that are
thrown away with a high velocity so they
make a lot of skin wounds but they also
penetrate into the body to make as much
damage as possible the first patients
were amputations and they really smelled
heavily burnt
also and usually these are treated in
the Burn Center in Brussels but of
course they received a lot of patients
so we took care of the burns as well and
then a lot of skin wounds deep skin
wounds of breaking glass and objects
falling down most of them went to the
intensive care after they've been first
treated at the emergency department a
few of them went to the operating
theater to have their bones and limbs
cured as good as we can one patient died
in the emergency department
it's a day after the attacks in Brussels
and last night police are conducting
searches all over the town they believe
that they've got the three suspects
they've named them but two are
apparently at large they've announced
that there's going to be three days in
national mourning and we're here at the
city's main train depot where
politicians and people are coming down
to remember those who were killed can
you tell us a bit about today's event
they wanted to come today to thank the
people of the perfect Transport
Authority because last night and also
today they are running again the public
transport and they were sending a big
message to the terrorists that they
cannot stop the city people I've spoken
to say they even authorities were said
that there are many suspects that at
large and what were you hoping to do for
the future security of the city what I
really hope is that Europe will manage
to get the kind of European FBI you know
that we that we have one very strong
European intelligence service where
everybody works together where
information is shared and where we share
the data and we work together I think
there's only one lesson to draw today is
that united we stand any view up is not
going to be united we will be all lost
and I think that's the message that
everybody should hear very loudly today
what we have to do I think is give hope
I think the education system should be
much better I think it should be more
investment also in in work in the local
neighborhoods and especially that these
young kids often from immigrant
background can have better schools that
they can have better hope and they can
have dreams we never solve problems by
hate or by blaming people we solve
problem by naming the problems and
resolving the problems and I think the
city needs more love that's what we need
more
the predominately Muslim neighborhood
molenbeek has been in the spotlight
lately because of links to the main
suspects of the November Paris attacks
at a memorial for university student who
died at Malbec Metro we met Nasreen a
Muhlenberg local
maybe you could tell me about how the
attacks have affected your community in
the area you live Marivic a donor who
say I present at the jet has no one
called Apache William Baker DJ humorous
image malavika Saturday chairman ah
William Baker creameries I'm
accomplishing my base image over on
image elements a clip alderman be
consistent waha covered Donald Trump
said padam watch indiscriminate there
and quality digital history has a
population with a million bikini million
Beach supposed to lock on Mindy a
piranha media super hesitant ahem sir
his own company Tesla Mitch Bakula n on
television more so my coalition he loved
em holidays especially as text of Islam
Doka home posed a question neomuna la
mejor SI detrusor de voir dire que una
Nagin una una can evolve excision
selected a toaster division mommy boo
egress polycrystalline Ultron seek a
male stripper mcsquizzy pussy's
support operations mMmmm excused on okay
yeah - this week we are
we're outside what used to be a stock
exchange we would have come down in
solidarity there laying flowers and
candles and writing messages of support
they actually came to Brussels Institute
worker inner wisdom and listen aamil
massoud brussels enira it's a sermon
water hardened hardest after me
middleman well maybe that'll be the ship
anonymously machine what are you not
sure that's a video
I mean I told Olivia motherhood ago that
Miss mr. Meanor dog
