we want to remain a democratic state we
have to have a majority of Jews between
Jordan and the Mediterranean gathered
here today friends all of them about to
join the idea
we combed through Israeli government
statistics and found that the proportion
of new immigrants who end up in the West
Bank is around 4% the numbers are
growing slowly year by year we wanted to
meet some of the new immigrants moving
beyond the green line to the disputed
territories that were occupied by Israel
in 1967 and are known by Israelis as
Judea and Samaria they're now armed
guards at all the bus jobs along this
main road earlier today there was an
attack and three Jewish settlers were
injured
in the settlement a ped well we met up
with the family that had just arrived
from southern France how many people
live in this area how did you hear about
ped well when you were in France another
mountain to participate well justice for
personal use on a family vacation a
palliative oxygen organization so had
you always plan to move to Israel was it
always that when you thought about
society or not even on phone calls a
pizza Papa Papa she was with seasoned
people say family of holes even you know
an uptight prison security vascular
yellamma teetotal to say security
pasghetti bahia i love dolly she'll come
- Tanya shall we sell em certainly not
attractive example impossible to
approach the person either okay that's
cool and here there there no Arab
neighbors nearby a lot of the world
thinks these settlements are illegal and
they shouldn't exist
bhadrakant Zippo on Aloha Daisy on a
Lada to Allah come on what at holla do
you think you live in Israel forever
sort of you sit in it
it's clear that some new immigrants are
being encouraged to move to the occupied
territories so we went to meet the head
of the Samaria Regional Council the man
in charge of administering Jewish
settlements in the north part of the
West Bank to talk about the newly
arrived European settlers winded or
selenium AOPA Australian denote the
Avenue Parkinson fat-shaming email
canderson 1v1 connect a baton and who
command mode sniffing below the demons I
see you've got a map there where where
exactly are most of the new immigrants
choosing to tell you Oh Lila Sonya kill
he willingly mezzo f2l you eliminate
Spanish ominous or seen immediately
Association one McGee melanoma tissue
beam much of the world thinks that where
we are right now is part of an illegal
occupation of the West Bank
surely the immigrants who move here do
they feel do they feel nervous about
being part of that social political
caboose novels a low deus meus on the
moon just not at the scene
sorry omits Ebola myth in Tobiah is
pathetic so similar the email Oh may I -
pursuing of a Baraka by a look on
someone's there
it's an aha moment button ah - of
commission acute a la Fidele mission
omen in boom of inches long jihad leaked
online so as a shadow on the Verdi
Bovada alehsalaam la excursi√≥n de la
mulana Sean Riley affair just nearby
quite recently there was another attack
on an Jewish settlers a new mobile a
bookshop pseudoscience al-fatah the term
Asuka native Atlantan muslimeen with
radical in Africa can be foiled about
Ramona that may be the view from the
settlements but is real securities
backed by military might and the
ubiquitous presence of the Israeli
Defense Force in recent years the Army
says it seen an increase in foreign
volunteers with many recruits coming
through special programs for new
immigrant soldiers
cactus arrived at this park in the
middle of tel-aviv and there's 650 kids
gathered here today all the new
immigrants all of them either new
soldiers are about to join the IDF
IDs beautiful
are you gonna be a combat zone yeah have
it gone and everything yeah what kind of
gun are you gonna get I think is m16
it's supposed to have it every day every
hours because so like you're never
allowed to put the gun down
no I was the police officer back in
London do you know where you're gonna be
stationed yet not sure they're the ones
that decide all of that but seeing as
I've had a lot of experience in the
dangerous areas in London I'm sure when
they see me in basic training and in
advanced training don't know to put me
in hopefully one of the harder areas do
you find that the immigrant soldiers are
particularly passionate about being an
idea of course they've made a huge
decision to move sometimes six thousand
six a six thousand miles away from the
parents from the home leave everything
behind they're passionate Zionist
exactly the same isn't
Zionism it's their motivation it's the
personal journey to help Israel 12
themselves and I think that just need to
thank thank you to those new lenders
coming to
if Israeli projections are right mass
immigration will continue to feed the
IDF with fresh recruits but there's an
enormous gap between the tens of
thousands that have recently made the
move from Europe and the exodus that
some Israeli officials are predicting to
help understand that disconnect we went
to seed of my mom who was commissioned
by the Israeli government to write a
report on alia from France so how many
people in Europe would be eligible under
the law of return to move here three
million four million maybe altogether it
could change the geopolitics which Amin
record change the geopolitics you know
the demography is a key of everything as
you know between the Jordan and the
Mediterranean visas with borders ten
million people about half million Jews
and at million Arabs and if we want to
remain a democratic state we have to
have a majority of Jews in this place so
you think you think that immigrants
could could turn the balance absolutely
sure already whoever birthweight
among Arabs is decreasing and per birth
rate among Jews is increasing so it's
already changed the Train of history is
on these ways let's say that after
millions of Jews will leave Europe for
the next 15 years last year if you look
at the numbers you saw say seven or
eight thousand leaving Ukraine about the
same number leaving France seems
hysterical to say half-a-million could
leave first we have three years ago we
have two thousand two years ago we have
five thousand last year we have seven
thousand this year we have ten thousand
so it could it could go much faster
Charlie Hebdo it could happen one or two
three times and then we have a kind of
people decide to move but right now the
number is coming I mean it's drop in the
bucket your perspective is about one
year my perspective is three thousand
years so we don't have a same
perspective this is a big difference
for now immigrants from Europe continue
to arrive in Tel Aviv and some officials
still insist that a Jewish exodus is
just around the corner and that when it
happens Israel will be ready and waiting
