when you hear the word retiree you might
think of someone who's not that active
or people who are mostly taking it easy
but that's not we found here in daytona
during Bike Week when we caught up with
a bunch of Bernie supporters
so this is kind of the beginning of Bike
Week festivities right up here Ross fit
retired in November after 35 years in
the moving & shipping business since
then he's taken his enthusiasm for the
Sanders campaign to the streets of
Daytona Beach where he's launched a
group called bikers for Bernie just in
time for Daytona's famous Bike Week
Daytona sits at the end of Florida's i-4
corridor a highway that stretches across
the state it's home to the bulk of the
state's registered Republicans but it's
also seen as a swing area and Ross is
looking to bring those swing or no party
voters to the Bernie campaign this
election was just something special you
know I was originally for Hillary and
you know following out and what happened
with change their mind my gosh Bernie
came along and he was just you know he
was talking everything that I feel
strongly about especially getting money
out of politics
we'll take care of half maybe
three-quarters or the other step it'll
just happen because we'll start to have
a responsive government that thinks
about us and not about the big money
unlike some states Florida's primary
rules say anyone who wants to vote must
be registered with the political party
meaning that the 2.7 million registered
voters in Florida without party
affiliation are locked out of the
process Oh lift a box up visit Hartley
so you got some Trump supporters to ya
oh look at that I don't think so yeah
are you generally a democratic voter how
do you usually leave I'm an independent
I've always felt about I want to be
open-minded with the candidates that are
available and
with Obama it took me it was it was a
month before the election that I
actually decided to vote for him this is
totally different I'm very passionate
about Bernie he's just he represents
everything that's important to me and I
actually had to switch from being an
independent to being a Democrat here in
Florida or you can't even vote so you
think like his case he is sort of a
once-in-a-lifetime situation I think so
I'm very passionate about by Bernie and
his ability to do a good job be fair for
everyone and to make this country that
we can really be proud of and even if it
costs more money whatever it is I'm for
it
you
