how did he win you over if you guys used
to vote Democrat what was it about Trump
that lured you in were you fans of this
before he started running when he
announced he was running for president I
was watching CNN i caustic Isis he'll
cut the TV on girl Donal is announcing
he's running for president and I didn't
and she called me back halfway through
she said girl this is going to be our
next president and it's been on every
since I love everything that he's
talking about and I am tired of voting
for the same system that keeps handing
us the crumbs maybe it's time for a
slice of the cake and brain and Donald
Trump tech have the ingredients to make
the cake and then he'll show us how to
make the kicker we could sit down and
have a slice of it yeah you guys are
like average voters you guys you guys
work forever you work for the campaign
no we do not work for the campaign we
are truly Trump supporters we look for
him everything that he say we love we
are voting for him baby that's what
we're going to be doing you know one of
the big things in the campaign this year
has been black lives matter and you hear
a lot discussion of that in the
Democratic primaries between Hillary
Clinton and Bernie Sanders they're both
really campaigning hard for that vote
and they're in the GOP primaries don't
really hear a lot about that a lot of
GOP candidates act like they're against
it I mean does that affect your mindset
at all when you're looking at drunk we
know well we look at Trump we know he
knows that all lives matter
oh that mean black let me why Demi
Hispanic let me Latinos let me agent all
of our lives matter and is here process
a lot of people feel that he's dividing
people he's made a lot of anti-muslim
statements a lot of statements against
Mexicans those not bother you when they
come illegal immigrants when they come
into our country some of them the things
that they're doing they're committing
crime they want to come down to the
Muslim he's a temporary temporary
man is what he was talking about so we
can get our act together that's right
the governments don't know how to
properly vet these people we can't have
people coming up in here when a chop off
our hands well we can't have that
so if you don't know how to properly vet
these people how about placing a
temporary ban until you know what you're
doing that's what's wrong with the acts
what do you want them to cut off our
heads do you want them to start cutting
us down at a holiday party what do you
want what do you want to be protected or
do you want to be sitting a riding dirty
now what you want
you
