this is a house of child sacrifice and
murderer
wake up repent get her out dad I think
we have seen the rhetoric rev up to a
newer higher more victory aaalac level
I'm against abortion and so somebody's
got to be the voice that he's advocate
or their freedom you know all pro lifers
are hopeful to an end to the Holocaust
we're here in Colorado where the battle
over abortion could help decide the next
president of the United States
Colorado's a swing state that's
historically been pro-choice but that's
been more and more under threat by the
pro-life movement here in November of
last year a gunman opened fire on the
Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado
Springs killing three people and
injuring nine dueting intensified the
ongoing battle over abortion between the
pro-life and pro-choice communities of
Colorado
riling up supporters on both sides with
these recent events forcing the issue to
the forefront abortion could play an
important role in who people in Colorado
back for president with both leading
Democratic presidential candidates
taking approach released stance House a
Democrat to choose we met up with some
members of the Colorado Young Democrats
to find out can you tell me a bit about
how reproductive rights and issues
around access to abortion factored into
your thinking about the upcoming
election for me it's extremely important
because when I look at it this is going
to be a time in the next couple of years
where there's getting major decisions
coming down from the Supreme Court we
need to make sure that we are pointing a
Supreme Court justice before into the
Obama administration and I look at all
the attacks that are happening across
the nation at the state level and
knowing that it's so important that we
keep people that are pro-choice in
office it's my number one issue in all
elections whether it's a look at the
state level or at the federal level what
is happening as state and local level is
so critical to politics and
because the regressions that are
happening on a state level when it comes
to impacting what a woman does with her
body personally that's why I am a
Sanders supporter because I feel he
galvanizes the youth a little bit and
it's not just you know politics on a
national level it's politics on a local
level I'm supporting a Hillary Clinton
because I'm a fan of her fierce
pragmatism but also because of the way
that she sees the problem so in
particular with like woman's right to
choose you know across the country there
were over 200 bills passed into law over
the past I think four years that have
sort of chipped away at women's
reproductive rights and so that's not
something that the president can just
like stomp his feet and say like you're
not allowed to do that it's it's a full
process where a democratic nominee has
the power to raise money and raise
awareness and work all the way down the
ticket the issue is more than
philosophical for Sonia Lujan I can't
tell me a bit more about what was going
through your mind when you found out you
were pregnant I was scared that was my
first reaction I was upset just kind of
shocked scared disbelief generally of
what I was gonna do so what led you to
Planned Parenthood
just to like confirm that you know I was
pregnant I wasn't sure and just to kind
of see what my options were I knew that
I could go there and you know judgment
for you that day changed me forever
because I didn't realize like how
harshly women were judged for making
personal decisions like that and are you
gonna be caucusing on Tuesday yes and
who is your candidate of choice I'm
feeling the Bern regardless of you know
your personal beliefs of each candidate
ultimately you want to make sure that
you're gonna get a strong candidate for
the Democrats abortion can't just be
like kind of legal you know it either is
or is it and we can't just keep up this
pretense that it's legal but in some
parts it's impossible to actually get
access to outside Planned Parenthood in
Denver we came across Ken one of the
first people women encounter on their
way into the clinic ma'am can we give
you some literature free help free help
we can get free ultrasound free
pregnancy tests free medical
yeah but they still kill innocent babies
here this is the house of child
sacrifice and murderer
wake up repent get her out dad get her
out can you tell us a bit about the work
that you do and specifically about how
you talk to women going into this clinic
and perhaps redirect them to other
services okay well what we have is
literature that we try to hand out so
that we can tell them all the different
agencies that will help the first thing
is to offer literature see if we can
help them and then we try to talk to
them from the ladder so in your opinion
who's the best candidate for president
I've always voted for Jesus Christ he's
King and he's going to come and he's
going to be king of the world
in January the political arm of Planned
Parenthood endorsed Hillary Clinton for
president an unprecedented move for the
organization citing the extreme
anti-abortion rhetoric from Republican
candidates as their reason for getting
involved so early in the season what I
look forward to doing is revealing how
radical and out of the mainstream
Hillary Clinton is on abortion Hillary
Clinton is a supporter of the idea that
partial-birth abortion should be a legal
thing in this country he's instruct the
US Department of Justice to open an
investigation into Planned Parenthood
so Vicki this is the first time in
Planned Parenthood's history that the
group has ever endorsed a candidate in
the primary I'm wondering if you can
tell me about the importance of that and
how that decision came about this
election is so important for women's
health in general for women's issues
writ large
mrs. Clinton has been on the forefront
of these issues for her entire life
career and she was ready with action
items and specific follow-up ideas that
she intends to pursue with Colorado's a
swing state and a battleground for
women's rights and abortion issues can
you tell me about why Colorado is is
important when we're thinking about
November in the election because we are
a very diverse state we have a lot of
Republicans a lot of Democrats and a lot
of independents but I think the thing
that is most beautiful about Colorado
and how deeply purple we are is as we've
seen from the amendments that we've
defeated the personhood amendments at
their heart Colorado voters believe that
women should make their own decisions
about something so personal so private
and so much about the woman's well-being
the pro-life community has repeatedly
pushed so-called personhood measures
which attempt to legally define what
makes a person a person in their book it
begins with the fetus which would make
all abortion illegal across the board
Colorado has been called ground zero for
the personhood movement which means that
Planned Parenthood is facing strong
opposition not only outside its clinics
but also in the legislature if the
movement is successful here it could set
a precedent for other states we met up
with some volunteers from Planned
Parenthood who were lobbying state
legislators against fees and other
restrictive abortion measures
so I wanted to talk with you
another travelers
we want you to know that we're together
in this
talk to you about bills coming up I will
be voting with you because I believe in
you not have choice for many reasons I
have felt this way every adult life how
did it go today I think it went well
we mostly spoke with people who support
us which might be in the wrong area I
wanted to and hope to speak to someone
who is against our stand and I want to
let them know that there are people of
faith and their women who have
incredible difficult complex health
situations which mandate that they get
an abortion and these things are totally
ignored and it's more than offensive
it's just absolutely increment
try to speak to said that he never who's
running a bell 1218 to put restrictions
to hear the other side
well the Planned Parenthood volunteers
weren't able to get a Republican to talk
to them we were able to track down
Gordon Klingenschmitt a representative
from Colorado Springs he was elected
with a sweeping majority in his district
one of the most religious in the state
so can you tell me a bit about your
stance on abortion and reproductive
rights well I'm against abortion
I think abortion destroys an innocent
human life and so for somebody to come
in and say that well one person in this
instance the mother ought to have a
choice
but that baby girl inside of the
mother's womb should not be given a
choice
I think that's anti freedom in a sense
because that baby girl is not going to
be given a voice it's not going to be
given a right to choose to be born and
so somebody's got to be the voice of
that child and somebody's got to
advocate for their freedom should there
be any exceptions to this say in cases
of rape or incest I am entirely
mortified when I hear a story of a woman
being abused or raped and I think we
should punish the criminal to the
maximum extent possible
now when you say punish the criminal you
have to define who the criminal is in
many cases it's a man who abused a woman
but what is this
this baby human is not a criminal and
should not be punished and I know there
are people who disagree the Republican
Party is split on that issue some
Republicans say there should be
exceptions for rape and incest some
Republicans say that it's a human person
so there's division on that and I guess
I fall on the conservative side of that
argument so are you hopeful and
confident that a pro-choice state like
Colorado could see further restrictions
on abortion and even a personhood law
coming into effect in the near future
I'm hopeful obviously you know all
pro-lifers are hopeful to an end to the
Holocaust which has now cost us 57
million American citizens nobody wants
to fault the innocent and yet I'm
hopeful that sometime down the road will
stop punishing the babies which are
innocent also perhaps the most
controversial point between the
pro-choice and pro-life movements is
late term abortion seen by both sides as
the front lines of the debate the
procedure is so politicized and
protested that most doctors won't do it
we spoke with dr. Warren Hearn one of
just four doctors in the country willing
to perform the procedure about what he's
seen practicing medicine in Colorado and
how the results of this election will
impact abortion nationwide safe abortion
is one of the great public health
triumphs of modern history are there
certain people like the Republicans who
want to take that away and I think that
that is the most dangerous problem
because we have a combination of the
radical religious right with a radical
political right trying to put women back
to the dark ages how would you summarize
your I guess prediction for what access
to abortion is going to look like in
this country in the future specifically
for late term abortions what is that
going to look like it might look a lot
like the 19th century that's what the
Republicans want what would that mean I
mean women die from AM abortions we go
back to the 19th century is there any
hope in the upcoming presidential
election is there a candidate that you
think will fight for abortion Republican
candidates are uniformly opposed to
abortion service for women the answer is
go to the polls and vote for pro-choice
candidates period and right now that
means Democrats
why is this election in particular so
important for women's rights and access
to abortion because it's about whether
or not people get to live their own
lives it's about how much government
intrusion are you willing to tolerate in
your very personal life and so whether
this is something that you as an
individual have faced or not what you
want to be thinking about is do you want
to live in a country where the
government can come right into your
deepest most personal decision-making
and not just to have an influence but
make the decision for you
Super Tuesday will be the first time
that Colorado voters will have to really
confront this question in this election
and their answer will help shape the
debate nationwide
you
