I don't like the term PTSD I think we
should drop the post you know these
children of witnessed violence the kids
should not have to see good afternoon
everyone
welcome down the line thank you for
joining us I'm David Enders I'm a host
and producer here at vice news and today
we'll be talking about a film we shot in
January in a Syrian refugee camp in
eastern Lebanon as well as about the
Syrian civil war and the refugee crisis
it's created all right David thanks for
coming on the show today so we're
excited to have you here and I know
there's a bunch of people in Skype who
are excited to talk to you so without
any further ado let's go ahead and say
hey to Liam who will be our first caller
today hey Liam hi David how's it going
it's good how's it with you great great
great so initial question I'm curious
about the employment of the refugees
given the restrictions on formal
employment for refugees in Lebanon what
are they doing how they how they're
keeping afloat
well we're into the fifth year of this
war and a lot of refugees are incurring
debt the money that they had saved when
they left Syria is long sent spent some
of them are finding work in the local
economy the vast majority are having
difficulties because they can't get
legal permission to even have a
residency in Lebanon so they risk arrest
when they're leaving these refugee camps
which makes it very difficult for people
to go out and work you do find people
working in factories during you know the
nicer part of the year working on farms
and another effect it's had is to upend
the social structure for some of these
families we found a lot of women going
to work for the first time in their
lives because they're less likely to be
arrested than men are stopped to
checkpoints or harassed but it's not
necessarily a sustainable situation
because of the war the economy in
eastern Lebanon in particular has to
in some huge hits and it's likely that
it's going to be very hard for Lebanese
to find jobs in the coming years and you
know as well as the Syrians so do you
think that the solution to a lot of
refugee problems might be to loosen the
restrictions on formal employment allow
Syrian refugees to gain and maintain
jobs in the country I don't know that
that that is the solution one thing that
I have been covering refugee issues in
the Middle East since 2003 when when the
US invasion of Iraq created a huge wave
of refugees and that's that's smaller
than the one we're seeing now with Syria
and and the fighting in Iraq but in 2006
as the Iraqi refugee crisis was building
UNHCR officials the United Nations High
Commissioner for Refugees whose office
is responsible for aid and resettlement
we're saying very clearly the only
solution for this refugee problem the
iraqi refugee problem was permanent
resettlement for many of these families
and this is a bigger refugee problem
than the one that we had experienced
until now with iraq and so i can't
imagine that the answer is necessarily
for all these people to stay in a
country for instance lebanon has a
population of about four and a half five
million there a million syrian refugees
the country has more refugees per capita
than any other country in the world at
this point and it's a country that
already suffered from severe economic
issues severe infrastructure issues a
lack of housing especially affordable
housing so I don't see this many Syrians
stayin levin long long term so taking
from what you've said regarding sort of
international bodies commenting on how
countries should deal with refugee
crisis you mentioned iraq and so there
is international calls for lebanon to
think at least about allowing Syrian
refugees to work more permanently in the
country do you think
the reason for calls like that is a sort
of is Europe and the rest of the world
being altruistic and trying to make
things easier in Lebanon or is it hoping
that any further refugee crisis will be
directed towards Lebanon instead of say
the Baltic route into Europe well so
maybe maybe one way to look at this is
the way the Lebanese government looks at
it in May of last year in order to
discourage more people from arriving the
Lebanese government asked the UN to stop
registering them if they're not
registered they're not entitled to aid
there in you know they would be the kind
of people to look at it and be maybe I
don't want to go there so the Lebanese
government doesn't want these people so
people outside Lebanon asking the
Lebanese government to to loosen
employment restrictions is frankly a
little bit ridiculous to me in a country
that doesn't have enough jobs for its
own citizens already and because of the
war in Syria you have the country really
taking some severe economic blows in the
becau which is where they grow a lot of
produce they also export produce to
other parts of the Arab world they can't
do that now as effectively because the
Syrian border is closed you can drive
overland from Syria is a major trucking
route to the Gulf to Jordan to other
parts of the Arab world and these
businesses are collapsing now because
they can't afford to ship oversea to the
Gulf to their markets it's too expensive
so I don't know how Lebanon sustains its
own economy let alone taking on a
million Syrian workers that's just
that's just not feasible well that's it
for me thank you very much thank you
great questions yeah thanks for coming
on so it Dave we got this good tweet
from muhammad khaleel on twitter and
configure tweet from Twitter but
Mohammed wants to know what is the
situation for schools and education for
minors among the refugees that you met
so that's an important question people
talk about a lost generation and Syrians
are experiencing that
there are schools in some of the camps
some of the Lebanese schools are
admitting Syrians I mean I mean in the
sense of education the Lebanese
government I think has made a a serious
push to all I mean schools are running
on two shifts in some places there
they're doing what they can you see some
clips of a school in the camp in our
film there's an organization called
Jessore Syria it mean bridges and they
run schools in some of the camps and and
it's it's difficult because if you can
imagine especially in the camp as a
teacher you're dealing with kids who are
coming out of really really difficult
situations and if you you know think
about urban American teachers
complaining about the difficult
situations in their classrooms you know
you can imagine when you have kids
living in such difficult conditions the
one day we were filming in the school in
January a lot of the kids didn't stay it
was just too cold for them to actually
be in the building some of them actually
seemed to be there because it might have
been better heated than the places they
were living so people are doing what
they can but you know they're not
getting the same education they would
get in a stable situation in Syria and
and you also have families that are
being forced to send school-aged
children to work because they just can't
make ends meet we have a clip of that
you want to know what you have a clip of
that I think we should go to that if we
can yes I had a counselor intercept of
one don't show her
something missing somebody bad and I
hung little right
I thought I'd let it clap when we could
help them yeah mom but I doubt on a
Sabbath young this war
where are you Reverend Douglas
so that girl's name is in the wall and
she's in Lebanon with her mother and her
younger sister and she goes everyday to
work in a diaper factory she sorts
diapers into packaging for seven or
eight hours a day seven days a week
her father disappeared three years ago
in Syria presumably arrested by the
government and and they're doing what
they can to survive but they're not the
only ones in that situation and we
didn't have to to find examples of child
labor we didn't actually have to look
you know you're you're in these camps
you're talking to people and and you you
just immediately have people coming up
and telling you stories like this and
you know it was heartbreaking to listen
to a sick you know someone who is a
sixth or seventh grader talk about going
to work instead of going to school
Jesus well with that let's go to son
who's on skype and I'm sure he doesn't
have anything much more cheery so son
you want to go ahead and let us know
what you have to ask hey David how's it
going good how are you pretty good
pretty good so while I was watching the
documentary I noticed a lot of the folks
that you were speaking with seemed to be
very undeterred in terms of their
devotion to their religion I
continuously heard and qionghua which is
you know God willing and you know they
seem to be very very much devoted still
and what you know so considering their
hardships
it is rather fascinating and also do you
see this pretty consistently throughout
or have you kind of seen different
trends or you know throughout throughout
the area while you've been traveling
they're actually the the way Syrians
speak Syrians Iraqis Gulf ease
particularly inshallah
mashallah Salaam Aleichem is the
standard greeting you don't find that
necessarily and in for instance Lebanon
but as you go further east in particular
Syria Iraq it's just a standard greeting
Christians Muslims Arabs right it's
Arabic and it you know it's not specific
to one religion necessarily we associate
it with that but as far as it was
interesting because we didn't have any
conversations about religion and you
know you're talking a lot of these
people are from rural Syria and we're
we're you know like it's just it's a
part of life it's it's you know integral
to life as opposed to you know something
that that people sort of move to at
certain times or move away from no one
really addressed that and I you know
what they were what they didn't seem to
have a lot of sympathy for was was what
has become the very militant sort of
religious factions but they also didn't
express any support for the government I
mean these people are trying to get away
from from all of that really they don't
want to side they don't want to fight
but it's interesting to us because that
didn't really come up ya know that is
rather fascinating I mean I had I
remember that one gentleman towards the
end kept you know kind of referring to
it over and over again saying that you
know God willing we'll go back we'll go
back which which actually brings me to
my next question what it seems rather
unique with respect to like a refugee
scenario right you have a lot of these
types of situations that have taken
place throughout time so about history
where people have been very much willing
to leave and wanting to leave in I guess
what I noticed was a lot of folks were
saying they wanted to go back so what is
it unique to Syria that is I guess
wanting having these people wanting to
go back to their countries as opposed to
you know you know somewhere in Europe or
really anywhere else
well you know imagine as a 40 year old
who has never lived outside of a
I mean the family jihads family the guy
with the pigeons they're from therefore
made lib okay they're they're from rural
northern Syria
I would guess jihad probably didn't go
any further than high school as far as
formal education if that and can you
imagine relocating to an entirely
different society one that you might
have a language I mean it's easier for
kids kids learning languages like that
adults it's it's difficult it's an enemy
you're talking about it you got a large
family to move you still have family
potentially in Syria if you get
political asylum in another country you
can't travel back at least in the States
the rule is you can't go back for five
years I mean emigration is is extremely
difficult and especially I think as you
get more toward these big families with
with people who are in their 30s and 40s
and just can't even imagine can't
conceptualize of living outside of ceará
you know I know lots of web eni's people
who aren't refugees they don't want to
live in the States they like the food
they like their family they like it's a
different type of life so I think and
then and then seeing some of the
reactions in the States we don't want
these people because we associate them
with the Islamic state or with
terrorists you know why would you want
to subject yourself to that they they do
want to go back they want to be in their
country sure makes sense except last
thing you know I I hear when you're
watching the news you hear a lot of
pundits and analysts talking about who's
to blame from the people that you've
been talking to the Syrians
what is their perception of what's going
on who is are they placing the blame on
the government or the or Isis or is it
kind of like a hybrid of both what are
you hearing when you talk to these
people
at this point it's they blame the war
most I mean I mean there are people with
specific stories right I had to leave
because
this group controlled where I lived and
didn't like me because of this so there
are specific you know situations but at
this point most people are just they're
fleeing violence and just just the
interruption of their normal lives I and
and it's less about blame than just
trying to find some sort of solution I
think I think earlier on you found a lot
of that blame but I and I've heard you
know the government has been a major
major driver of the violence and but you
have lots of rebel factions in the
Islamic state that's also I mean right
now it's the Russians if I'm from
northern Syria and and I'm displaced
again I'm probably blaming the Russian
bombing but then is that specific to
them or the war so does that answer the
question I mean even now like like in
the past couple years I've heard people
I know who were very supportive of the
demonstrations against the government
were out there at the forefront and now
they say they blame themselves they say
we started this this movement against
the government we started against the
government that was never going to do
anything but drag us into a war over
this well and so some people wish they
had never started it in the first place
well that's well thank you I appreciate
it you know all the questions I have
appreciated all right yeah thanks for
come on son
so listen Dave we're gonna go straight
turn next skip card this is Rowand so
let's go ahead and say hey to Rowan
how's it going how's it going day so so
I wanted to shift from cereal bits back
to Lebanon and and one of my biggest
kind of the one of the most surprising
things to me has been the Lebanese
stability the lack of violence the lack
of kind of yeah devolve into basically
the same civil war that happened during
the 80s did you see anything that they
kind of that kind of gave a reason for
that and and kind of just a follow-up to
that like do you see any any evidence
that that that is going to change in the
in the
your future I feel like our expectations
of Lebanon are like so low yeah people
are people are always predicting that
it's about - just like plunge off the
edge of the cliff chasm abyss whatever
slowly sly anyway
Lebanese people have experienced a very
horrible civil war there are not a lot
of people I think who are very excited
about returning to a situation like that
you also have at the moment two of the
major players in in this proxy conflict
you have Iran which is on the side of
the Syrian government you know Saudi
Arabia which has provided a lot of
support for the rebel factions and they
both have interests and factions in
Lebanon and right now they're choosing
not to push violence there have been
sporadic outbreaks of violence the
Lebanese border also right now is
virtually the only one that is held by
the Syrian regime what's held by the
Syrian army in conjunction with
Hezbollah Syrian militia and and these
groups and the Lebanese army which is
receiving support from the US which is
always interesting to me the Saudis have
recently said they're going to pull out
some of their promised aid for the
Lebanese army now this this might be the
start of a different tack as far as the
way Saudi and Iran are looking at
Lebanon but but I think you have a lot
of people who just see no reason to
return to that and you also have people
going over you do have Lebanese fighting
on both sides of the conflict inside
Syria so that's another way that the
violence is actually moving from Lebanon
into Syria but we'll see if it does it
could eventually move dynamics can
change and we'll see what happens as
people try to settle out what Syria will
look like whether it will be partitioned
and where people are going to go yeah
yeah so so kind of building on building
on that a little bit did you see any
sorting and you kind of answered this a
little
but but in Lebanon did you see any
sorting of refugees and what I mean what
I mean by that is Christians going to
Christian communities she are going to
see a communities etc etc you do have
and this is Lebanon after the war is a
series of enclaves and and you do have
its normal I guess
at this point in this area for people to
identify with co-religionists and and
the camp we were in is virtually all
Sona families and they're in a Sona
City in webinar that is sympathetic to
the rebel movement inside Syria most
definitely
the Syrian army occupied Lebanon for a
long time there are lots of reasons why
lots of Lebanese don't like the Syrian
government on the other hand I've seen
lots of examples of pro-government
Syrian or sorry Pro rebel Syrians sona's
living in Hezbollah controlled areas and
receiving aid and even feeling bold
enough to announce their support for the
rebels in the presence of Hezbollah
members which was so and and I've seen
you know Muslims fleeing to Christian
areas in the north I mean I mean
refugees are refugees and they will
often end up in a particular place but
but I I haven't really seen examples
there been some accusations of Hezbollah
burning down refugee camps and there
will be sporadic outbreaks of violence
but but by and large people are being
treated pretty well in a lot of ways
yeah and and just last last one you you
you kind of went into how the the the
situation for children especially in
schools and you compared it to the to
the to the situation in urban schools
and in in the US and there's been a few
studies recently about how it's it's
basically PTSD that these kids are going
through in in urban schools in the US I
just wanted to ask you kind of to expand
on the trauma that these kids are going
through I don't like the term PTSD I
think we should drop the post kisser
a lot of these people are in currency
and and so in the wall for instance 12
years old her father they were a little
bit you noticed we had to blur her
mother's face she had concerns for
family still in Syria for eventually
returning to Syria but it was pretty
clear that he had been disappeared by
the government and most likely killed
Nancy them in three years so that's and
and at this point I mean people don't
uproot themselves like this and
especially rural people right these
people are leaving what they have is
their houses their land their you know
they might graze they might write and so
they're they're screwed they're up
routed so they are fleeing traumas they
are fleeing the deaths of relatives the
destruction of their homes I mean if
you've ever been you know under
shellfire that is a terrifying
terrifying experience so so you have a
an entire population that's yeah an
entire country at this point that's
traumatized and and so you know these
children and witnessed violence that the
kids should not have to see yeah thank
you appreciate thank you yeah thank you
for coming on so hey Dave we got a tweet
from woody it's actually two tweets so
I'm gonna do my best to summarize this
what he wants to know Isis's activity in
the region has really changed what it
means to be a fundamentalist fighter and
the way people view refugees especially
people in the West so what he wants to
know is there any hope that refugees
from Syria and North Africa all over the
place can do some beating back of this
identity crisis and get over the label
that many Westerners are applying to
Muslim refugees as terrorists what are
your thoughts why is it their job to
change the way we think about them
anyway that that's my first thought what
I you know one thing that I don't think
people get is that there is a very
robust settlement process in place
America for instance since the ninety
is letting tens of thousands of Yemenis
we've let in tens of thousands of Iraqis
since 2003 and none of these people have
committed terrorist attacks in America
and if you think about Iraqis whose
country we invaded and helped destroy a
lot of them might have a reason to be
angry and and you haven't had that and
and when you have this risk of refugee
populations being infiltrated by people
with ill-will it's only a problem when
you have these massive build ups and
then people crashing into Europe without
vetting being able to be done without
people's identities being able to be
checked and our lack of having a formal
process to deal with these refugees at
first when we watched this crisis
building and it's incrementally reached
this level there there was certainly a
lot of warning about this initially we
saw them breaking down the border gates
to get into Turkey it was a matter of
time before they would be rushing
further on before these neighboring
countries couldn't handle any more
people and so based on the numbers
you're not talking about a population
that is you know terrorists are part of
the Islamic state we actually have a
clip that addresses this if we could go
to that it's actually we were talking
with one of the residents of Al Marg
who's renting space to seven different
refugee families and he himself as a
Lebanese person during the civil war
spent 20 years as a refugee in the
States so he's thinking about his
experience and and talking about the
Syrian refugees in Al Marge who I would
also point out have carried out zero
terrorist attacks
or can I say I mean these poor people
are here they have barely enough to eat
or barely enough to warm themself those
are not terrorists they are just normal
people who run away from bombing and
killing and some of them lost family
members and then here just trying to
live that's all it's a burden on this
community subversion or marish burning
for water for food and everything else I
don't think I can do it and even though
I was at a point you know one of the
refugee in the state and I don't know
how can I can do it you know they're
living really tough also it might just
be worth pointing out that I'm an
American and you know I I don't feel
unsafe in these situations I've spent a
lot of time in Syria
I've even spent time around the Islamic
state now qaeda-affiliated movements and
you know I think I think what we're
seeing is magnified by news coverage and
by social media and and we need to be
careful not to you know I think as
Americans we wouldn't want certain
stereotypes to be applied to all of us a
couple more Skype questions yeah we do
we got one more guy in skyping and I
know we have some people tweeting in but
without any further ado let's go ahead
and say hey to sama what's up me you
there hello yes
yeah good about you great I don't have
mine good so basically so to resolve the
current Syrian refugee crisis I mean no
matter how much aid money or food or
whatever comes into the into Lebanon
Jordan Turkey or Syria it won't be
resolved unless the political issue is
resolved and of course that's gonna take
a lot of time as you mentioned you've
got Iran and Hezbollah Russia with
Bashar al-assad if Saudi Arabia and the
Gulf countries with Jordan and Turkey or
helping the rebels through Jordan and
Turkey as well you've got the Kurds I
want to create
State you've got Isis on another side
and the Syrians just left like what the
hell is happening you know so what do
you think or what do the refugees think
will solve this whole problem is it
going is it going to take to wait for a
genocide like 1995 in Sabra Nitsa in
Bosnia to happen for the world to wake
up and do something about it I don't I
don't like to predict especially with
situations like this I had spent a lot
of time in Syria in the decade preceding
this war and about the only thing I was
willing to predict was that when those
demonstrations against the government
started we would either see that the
Syrian government was very very weak and
it would be gone in a matter of weeks
or the way this government operates and
deals with dissent is that you use the
hammer and and they've brought it down
so so it's it's really hard to say this
will go on for another year another five
years another 10 years and and I don't I
don't know what this looks like I think
I think we're sort of to some extent in
uncharted territory I think it's worth
looking at like the last time borders
were redrawn in the Middle East a
hundred years ago and I think we're
dealing with something that is more like
that than anything you know we've seen
in the region in your lifetime or my
lifetime okay okay but for example the
Syrian refugees who went to Europe and
have settled let's say in Germany where
there are a lot in there studying now
and having jobs and everything but there
are a few or the most actually in Jordan
Lebanon who are living the situations
that you have been filming recently and
for example that guy at the end of the
video is saying that we don't want to
exile from one place to another and they
did not they didn't even expect to live
there for five years what is going
through their minds I mean I know that
the most they care about is to get the
food for that single day but politically
what they're thinking about what is
gonna happen I mean not to forget that
the history of Syria and Sunnis versus
Halloween since 1982 and even before
that
well what goes to their minds that and
and that conflict in 82 was part of what
drove this conflict there were hundreds
of thousands of people put into exile
and in some cases their children coming
back from the Gulf who helped drive this
rebel movement but I I mean I guess as
far as where these people go there's
still half a million Palestinians in
Lebanon they're more than that were more
than that in Syria I mean just imagine
the Palestinians who are driven out of
Syria these people were already
stateless effectively and now they're
stateless again and another in some of
them in Lebanon where you know they're
not really particularly wanted anyway I
mean that's a crisis that we have in the
60 years later is unresolved and that is
a refugee crisis that has spanned
generations and most of these people
will not be accepted into other
countries a lot of these people probably
will not be able to go back into Syria
so it's it's hard to say I mean the
Lebanese government is making a
concerted effort to avoid camps becoming
large and permanent the way they did
with the Palestinians but it's nobody
has a solution and no one's offering the
solutions I think is maybe the answer to
your question and no one knows so why
are those people are never on staying
what are they expecting they already
know those people
jahan's family they don't have a house
in Syria anymore a Buddha whore has been
destroyed like four times in the last
two years there's a military airport
there and it's been overrun by different
factions in the past couple years over
and over again they right now they can't
go back yeah so I guess that's what I
have I know it's it's it's over
complicated man it's just I
well most interested me is just like why
are those people even staying there you
know and saying like that sentence being
a exile to an exile well there is a
better situation that is isn't there
isn't there a way to just and there's
millions of them now also
also those young men they have the
lowest priority in resettlement
generally resettlement priorities in
other countries are families like no
walls where there is no man there's a
single woman and children elderly people
sick people get resettlement priorities
so when you see those guys sewing you
know with the pigeons at the end talking
about like not wanting to leave their
chance of actually being resettled is
almost zero anyway so they just I mean
they just don't know where to go they
can't I mean those guys those three guys
were from Baba Amer right where one of
the places where the the rebellion
essentially began and the first place
where they really took up arms those
guys can't go back to any part of the
country that is held by the Syrian
government and if they don't want to
live in a place controlled by one of
these very conservative factions then
they're really running out of options
right there yeah all right thanks Dave
that's all I have to ask you
thank you mom do we have time for one
last clip we've got time very one last
clip what do you want to watch I if we
could just see the end of our time with
the wall you have girls let's do that on
the way out of the show you know Dave I
think with that that what a perfect
place to wrap up and so do you want to
thank everybody had always watched I
would love to thank you for for joining
us I hope you learned something
obviously this is going to be a problem
that's going to be with us for some time
the mr. clip madrasa
Stevo directly know a little bit it's
not bad not bad
no better come with me now I'm taller
Antonia has no Cannella making them hard
what they heard
