if you bring up people to an idea that
women are the property of men then don't
be surprised it's an element of those
people start doing what Boko Haram did
and kidnap young girls and likewise if
you say that Islam isn't fundamental
hostility with the West don't be
surprised if you end up with a certain
number of those people saying well in
that case we should go and fight them
well it's what the Labour Party have
been waiting for I'm working for
yes Tony Blair breathed new life into
the UK's Labour Party in 1997 when he
led them to victory over the
Conservatives who had been in power for
18 years his was a different kind of
Labour Party New Labour they called it
progressive and yet pro-business as the
20th century drew to a close the United
Kingdom saw a period of great economic
growth and Blair received much of the
credit he was dashing and he was popular
at home and abroad but then in the wake
of 9/11 Blair chose to become a wartime
leader he aligned himself with US
President George Bush thank you all and
he led the charge to send British troops
into wars in Iraq and Afghanistan in
part because of fears of terrorist
groups getting their hands on
radiological weapons but on July 7th
2005 much less sophisticated bombs
exploded across London and it became
clear that the threat was changing the
people who carried out these bloody
attacks were young and have actually
grown up in the United Kingdom whatever
they do it is our determination that
they will never succeed in destroying
what we hold dear in this country Prime
Minister Blair then created a new
counterterrorism program called prevent
which aimed to halt the spread of
extremist ideology by mentoring at-risk
youth the strategy alienated many of the
people it was meant to engage and
Blair's own domestic intelligence chief
characterized the project as a failure
since leaving office in 2007 Blair has
been dogged by his former constituents
over his role in the Iraq war and by
people who saw his selection as Mideast
peace envoy an odd choice now mr. Blair
has come to this Washington think tank
to kickoff a commission on countering
violent extremism
would you please with your warm applause
welcome Prime
don't lay together with his co-chair
former director of the CIA and Secretary
of Defense Leon Panetta they plan to
provide whoever wins the 2016 election
with advice on how to combat with they
see as an existential threat the threat
of violent extremism is growing casting
its shadow over ever larger parts of the
globe we sat down with mr. Blair for a
brief chat about just what this new
Commission is trying to achieve Mr Blair
thanks for joining us can you talk to us
a bit about this countering violent
extremism initiative that you're
co-chairing here at CSIS yeah we've got
the possibility of major and the reality
of major terrorist attacks in our own
societies we've got a large part of the
world now is convulsed by this extremism
and you know we've got many years since
9/11 and experienced dealing with it
but I think now is the right moment to
say right what is a comprehensive
strategy you're gonna have a new
president coming in the u.s. a new
leadership many parts of Europe what is
the right combination of elements that
give us a chance of defeating this and
we will focus both on the military
capability to defeat the this threat on
the ground but also the what I think is
a the bigger and more difficult question
which is the ideology the extremist
ideology which gives rise to the the
violent jihad ISM the Commission seems
to have a decidedly
American slant in terms of you know
wanting to prepare policy paper for the
next American president but in in 2014
the FBI's national domestic threat
assessment ranked so-called sovereign
citizens white supremacist black
separatists environmental radicals
pro-abortion groups as the biggest
domestic threats is this group going to
deal with some of those extremists or is
this ultimately about Islam it's
ultimately about the the violent
extremism you see around the world which
is a battle about Islam within Islam but
where we have by the way a huge allies
within Islam to conduct this fight and
you know it's true that you can look at
different activities of individual
groups or individual incidents but this
is a global problem and this is the one
we have to to tackle and for a country
like America I mean after all you had
9/11
you had the tragic events of San
Bernardino a short while ago I mean I
think your security people as ours would
back on our side of the water would say
that this is the single biggest threat
we face now countering violent extremism
or CVE as its called as is it there's a
district right now it's become almost
kind of a fad in Washington and I wonder
how we see this program as different
from other existing programs I think we
will be different in two respects the
first is there isn't a huge amount of
analysis on what is the right way to put
together a force capability that can
move quickly to snuff out this to have
this threat wherever it originates so
that's one issue and the other issue
which is in a way more controversial is
that I think the issue is not just
violent extremism
it is extremism in other words I think
if if you bring up people to an idea
that women are the property of men then
don't be surprised if an element of
those people start doing what Boko Haram
didn't kidnap young girls and likewise
if you say that Islam is in fundamental
hostility with the West don't be
surprised if you end up with a certain
number of those people saying well in
that case we should go and fight them so
it's dealing with the ideology of
extremism and not just the violence that
I think is important that will somewhat
mark out the work of this commission so
you talk about a focus on extremism and
this is something that people have been
looking at for a long time the best
social scientists the best researchers
have been trying to figure out the the
jump from radical a radical political
ideology to violent extremism
I wonder what advances this group might
be able to make in that front and if
you're hoping to be able to provide some
advice for parents who are trying to
figure out whether or not their son or
daughter is on the verge of taking this
from a newfound interest in their
religion or something that they're
actually gonna go act on I think we will
look at some of the basic counter
radicalization measures but there are
lots of people doing that frankly and
working out what are the right ways if
you're you know to prevent
self-radicalization you know what are
the right ways to spot if
if young people are are going towards a
particular view that might be dangerous
I think we will though focus also on
things like the education system as a
whole around the world today there are
millions of millions of young people who
are educated to a view of the world that
we would frankly be pretty shocked by
that is inimical to values of pluralism
and tolerance and that has at its heart
a narrow view of religion to the
exclusion of virtually everything else
now I personally believe it is one of
the things the Commission will test that
when those millions of young people are
educated in that way that is you are
creating the soil in which the extremism
breathes because it's you know this is
not equipping young people for the
modern world it's it's in a way
polluting their mind to a view of the
world that is really incompatible with
modern coexistence
so you see education at the root of this
yes and one of the things I I have been
working on is whether you need a what I
call a kind of global commitment on
education over the last 20 years we've
come to a very important global
principle in a countries used to say
look what we do within our own borders
that's up to us if we pollute that's up
to us and in the environmental arena
we've said and countries have now agreed
okay you can't say that's just your
problem because it's our problem if you
pollute within your boundaries that
gives us all the problem I think it's
exactly the same with this type of
education and I think we are entitled to
say particularly with countries with
whom we have strong relationships often
giving billions and billions of dollars
by the way we're entitled to say no you
can't you can't educate your young
people to this closed-minded view of the
world you've got to reform your system
and promote religious tolerance and root
out religious prejudice if you don't do
that it's not your problem it's our
problem because these people are coming
across from your borders and they're
joining these groups and they're
propagating these thoughts and it's it's
causing this global menace speaking of
cross-border pollution if you will I
mean foreign policy certainly has an
impact on affecting people's ideologies
educate
or not I mean what what role do you see
foreign-policy playing extremists
thought well there'll be lots of debates
about which again we should test in the
Commission about the Jewish for example
our foreign policy has encouraged
extremism these are live debates of
course but also what our foreign policy
should be to build the alliances in
order to defeat this extremism you know
you've got countries affected that are
traditionally be moderate and tolerant
countries like Indonesia you know you've
got countries in Central Asia that are
validly secular yet they've now got a
serious problem and you have countries
in Africa you know now I'm afraid many
of them whose tradition was one of
absolute coexistence between Christians
and Muslims and who now find themselves
wracked by internal division and strife
so I think yes we will certainly look at
the foreign policy aspects of this but
you know truthfully now it is clear this
is a global problem and the biggest
foreign policy challenge is to get the
right alliances to defeat it sure oh
just one more huh okay so just so a
question there about you as a former
prime minister of the UK mr. Panetta
former head of the CIA those you know
you are elites and you would appeal to a
certain sect of people but also you'd
probably be quite divisive in terms of
others does this project focus on the
elites on policy makers or are we trying
to actually engage civil society with
your recommendations we certainly should
engage civic society too but you know in
the end this is about policymaking and
by the way one thing I've learned about
this area there is no uncontroversial
way of analyzing or discussing it mmm
you know people get have fiercely
opposing views but I'm looking at I mean
I'm looking at how do we give those who
are in office you know a practical
policy guidebook Campbell to how to deal
with this because I know if I was in
office today that's what I want and I
want people who've got experience but it
that may be the you know the the the
space to be able to analyze
said had one removed from the hot seat
as it were but in for some experience of
the hot seat to give some some guidance
and you know there's a lot of talk about
political elites but you know in the end
you elect your leaders and the people
elect the leaders but the leaders have
still got to have policies I don't know
whether that makes them a Lita's or not
but you know they've got to have
policies so one of the things that's
important is that we give people a
proper policy and not simply a headline
I'm told we don't have time to
relitigate the Iraq war but but I think
it's fair to say that you were you
vigorously defended the decisions you
made during that time and and I ask this
in relation to CBE I feel like at the
heart of countering violent extremism
isn't ask we're asking people with
entrenched hateful ideologies who are
willing to kill and die for them to
asking those people to take a long hard
look at themselves and perhaps realize
the folly of their ways and I I wonder
how you can do that without having a bit
more humility about past decisions
you've made and the consequences oh yeah
sure look by the way I've mentioned
about it it's just that if people ask me
whether I honestly believe we were in a
better place if Saddam Hussein was still
governing Iraq particularly when the
Arab Spring began then I would say no I
don't think we would be in a better
place but that's a debatable issue and
by the way there's nobody who's in
government today including the present
occupants of the office who aren't
taking decisions that are incredibly
controversial you know for us it was
intervening in Afghanistan and Iraq
actually there's partial intervention in
Libya there's been non intervention it
was largely non intervention in Syria
all of these things are controversial
and the thing is once you understand
that there's no way of having this
debate without you know you know some
people will say well he shouldn't be
you know he's disqualified or that
person shouldn't be speaking you're just
gonna have to get over that because the
important thing is to realize this
threat is growing its global and it's
gonna take a generation to defeat it but
we won't defeat it unless we have an
honest policy to
you know into that debate goes all the
questions to do with post 9/11 and
Afghanistan Iraq and the war against
terror all of that is in the mix but so
are the events of the last few years and
I think what's necessary is to learn the
policy of all the the blessings of all
that period of policymaking so that we
try on the basis of the experience we've
now had over these past 15 years tried
together what I would call a sort of a
more unified centrist policy which is
tough and radical but still sensible and
tries to build alliances of coexistence
rather than those of division I wish you
luck yeah
you
