shoot Amal Damascus abidor is a father
to come free biologically era stuff nick
madrasah tear who should directly no
notice get her son Nahum seasoning she
met Glen Helen or windowsill man - yeah
last winter vice news spent a week in
Lebanon's Bekaa Valley with Syrian
refugees living in a camp in the city of
Al Marg
this year we returned to see how the
people we met we're doing even before
you get to the more formal larger camp
that we're headed to there are tents and
smaller camps everywhere and that's
increased since last year
it's just always really difficult for me
to imagine spending a winter living in a
shelter like that
there are approximately one-and-a-half
million Syrians in Lebanon in the becau
which is close to the border there are
more Syrian refugees than Lebanese last
winner a lot of people are still hoping
that they might be able to return home
soon and so they hadn't really thought
of where they were living is quite so
permanent and in the last year things
have just deteriorated further in Syria
and people are consigned to the fact
that they may be here for another few
years no one really knows this there's
no real end in sight when we met jihad
Saleem in his family last winter they
were cleaning up the pieces of their
tent he was skeptical about what good
talking to us again would do he hadn't
seen the piece we filmed the year before
so after watching it he opened up a bit
and showed us how he passes the time and
earns what money he can Chevron is dope
look how much weight is going into the
water
hot button
with the commercial jihad and the other
refugees rent the space for their tents
from the farmer that owns the field the
cold is not the only danger seven months
ago
a fire destroyed your HUDs tent along
with most of the camp when anything died
in the blaze already in debt jihad was
forced to borrow more to rebuild Haram
yoga mat Maserati MC general - Shira
hideo nakata
the behind
twelve-year-old new wall also lives in
the camp with her family women and
children here increasingly becoming
breadwinners and refugee families and
walls father disappeared in Syria two
years ago in wall walks to work whatever
the weather my Medusa yes a little bit
ken-oh-sama into shadow pond
goody bag I thought I mean let it clap
we need help yeah mom but I don't wanna
walk Sabbath young boy
very reverent uglies
comes on the horn for the planner shoot
Donald amassed La Posada this is a
father to come feeble attic fear mr.
Harlan violet I don't certain of this
video and I'm vehicle versus earth dear
instead of looking up baby yes and I was
so excited I was she such a vast Roy
what happened
everyone good night mr. flick madrasah
table should directly notice a little
bit there's no better campout there's no
better home with me now I'm taller and
onions and I had no command up the neck
even harder than what they heard that
Hanumantha went oh my god she was caught
in a freshman last winter we also met
jihad sister javea whose family shared
jihad stented they built their own after
the fire when their Gina mukundan a
specialist chaos sure you a Thailand
high air mass investor Golnesa wa yanha
here no no good bananas job but some
cotton apartment when doctor should be
the Kyani suffer for the nanny you know
you need to shoot television mid-america
no madam I didn't know John's gonna fail
to see mom pellet and get ahead son I'm
seasoning
you shouldn't then I'm Shiva then hidden
or wouldn't have sealed my mom let's get
one thing that a lot of people have told
us that's maybe a little bit
counterintuitive is that they don't want
to emigrate to the west to Europe the US
or Canada they want to stay here they're
worried that they'll feel uncomfortable
in societies where they might be
stigmatized as Arabs or Muslims and
we've even heard stories of people who
have traveled to Europe already
returning back to this area because they
felt uncomfortable or that maybe the
opportunities that they had hoped for
just weren't there Moby Dick is a fairy
Bobby De Angelis fr Regina new collagen
serum cuz I'm a business you cooler
Liberty Harvester Jayasuriya
Salma Khan Selena ninhydrin
we are immersed in Miss honest advice
from a little mystery
Becca Marvel MK a form of so wait what
elliptic America telephone young but
Arab men are about is the Tekamah a
ruler
Shama tart economist Bilal acronym
inshallah blur Joe collaboration in
surah can be shocking theringer
outside the camp the Lebanese can relate
to what Syrians are experiencing
hundreds of thousands of Lebanese became
refugees during the Civil War that
lasted from 1975 to 1990 Tarek was one
of them you lived in the United States
for more than 20 years and since
especially since the attacks in Paris
people in the US have expressed a lot of
fear when they see the news in the
Islamic state in Iraq and Syria many of
them make a connection between these
refugees and the Islamic state and and
their fears of terrorism what would you
say to two Americans about that what can
I say I mean these food people are here
they have barely enough to eat or barely
enough to warn themself those are not
terrorists they are just normal people
who ran away from bombing and killing
and some of them lost family members and
then here just trying to live that's all
it's a burden on this community is a
burden on marish burning for water for
food and everything else I don't think I
can do it and even though I was at the
point you know one of the refugee in the
state and I don't know how can I can do
it you know they're living really tough
the war shows no signs of slowing down
instead Syria is becoming more and more
fragmented and violent Russia has joined
the u.s. amongst the foreign powers
attempting to influence the outcome and
the bombing carried out by the Russian
Air Force has created hundreds of
thousands more refugees Lebanon however
can hardly take anymore
you
