in a village downstream from the pharma
capital we met the sheriff of a doula
Bob who told us how the industry is
contaminating the water waves so what is
this foam over here the notch Adam
jeedimetla ball nagar hyderabad
industrial and Tiago kunda are they with
a potential chemical water powered on 30
he thanked what should not together go
eat love it it's oily rate of another we
put it on fact I do school to watch an
article i said hey bro ocupa lamont
adjacency don't forget about notes on
total de ella no pudo are drinking water
is a tornado mean Jessica Eve Audrey the
sheriff told us that the water has
brought strange illnesses to the
community while walking along the river
we bumped into a rice farmer who wanted
to show us the painful skin disease he's
developed because of the water he uses
to irrigate his fields no Eva done got
an atomic energy that he did also
migrate abundant it up so is this from
the water near you it seemed that
everywhere we turn people were suffering
from one sickness or another with no
relief in sight how long has your son
been sick for years in cheek lightly
madam essential dunno like what I'm is
cool good a little coconut d the room at
I was her key then I thought to like in
order for the result sorry guy unit or a
problem in the Samiran london-wide
anantha gutelle ellison quarter thought
a problem was Lenny and could handle
anything any hello adiga water problem
on Daniel
