most people in India's network are deep
in hiding I'm meeting now as a teenager
who says she's in fear of her life her
family are from Iraq but moved to
Britain a few years ago I think when I
was about 18 and I just stopped playing
I stopped participating now says her
father tricked her to go on a family
trip to Iraq and then imprisoned her in
the back of the house one start with you
know equal chamber for most you can
actually see this angle build up until
the moment explored some guy in six to
twelve just beating down on you but
imagine after a month of abuse she
managed to escape and found safety at a
Western Embassy she was repatriated to
Britain and the ex-muslim Network has
been helping her recover and it's really
really affecting this community and in
this religion if you're not the believer
and you have to pretend to believe that
anxious know more about that and if they
want me they either disown them
