Alina puto our drinking water a tornado
mean jeschica Evod recurringly necrotic
problem understand in the mandala
ordinance Agatha Nelson the hosta go in
sometimes in a sermon on the hospital
Apollo a travelchina Paris is an Una's
Ultima general and AE Carolyn Ghana
Guinea Karen Oliver
we're in the outskirts of Hyderabad in
India and behind me is one of the many
waterways that's being polluted by the
pharmaceutical industry India is one of
the largest exporters of generic drugs
in the world and the United States is
its number one customer
India's pharmaceutical industry is only
continuing to grow with profits expected
to hit fifty five billion in the next
five years one of its main drivers is an
increased global consumption of
antibiotics but manufacturing these
drugs also results in hazardous waste
here in Hyderabad the epicenter of this
boom pharmaceutical pollution is dumped
into the river endangering nearby
communities in a village downstream from
the pharma capital we met the sheriff of
a doula bog who told us how the industry
is contaminating the waterways so what
is this foam over here they notch Adam
Judy metla ball Nagar Hyderabad
industrial and Chioggia Kunda as
everything a potential chemical
water-powered on 30 Eva thank God she
not decay they go eat love here it's
oily they to another put it don't I get
a juice cool to watch another guy said I
put oculomotor chases he's done talking
about now - until today Alena Pato are
drinking water is a tornado name Jessica
Eve Audrey
the sheriff told us that the water has
brought strange illnesses to the
community while walking along the river
we bumped into a rice farmer who wanted
to show us the painful skin disease he's
developed because of the water he uses
to irrigate his fields
no even gonna tell me that he did open
ID one nigga
so is this from the water near you
it seemed that everywhere we turn people
were suffering from one sickness or
another with no relief in sight
how long has your son been sick for
years new take lightly madam essential
not like what in high school but I love
both nada Cody the room at always had a
key then I thought to my Kindle for the
Russell sorry I even thought a problem
the smell in the van der Luyden and
acutally listen
what I thought a problem was Lenny and
couldn't believe anything any tell me
diga Martin problem valerian and as this
woman explained they weren't getting any
answers
not even the doctors knew why people
were getting sick no matter how many
medicines they took nothing was working
man siggy arrow Gallo dr. Laham to
Vitale zu o be some chicken ayyyy Rosa
Musa pavakah pram Frankie a - I politely
- Ivana a FISA Neelu maimed aut√≥noma me
Rajjo Kim Kelson L doubt animal can you
describe to me how you found out that
the water was polluted how did it change
fostro mo is la ba la una reina chair
with a tornado or the fire 400 and 450
acres lake ekkada March 2000 lo Chapel
mother shall coordinate is urgently
opera dauntless el coche on poor Donna
carnal internal memo in personal go memo
and a Pharisee Lambert a pharma company
see industrial chemical betrays a
tornado De Niro Adam thought Agreda
toppin personal elope that tantrum lekha
kacha tanka
frog nirupama saga near okusama here NDA
take a vodka na dhih dhih any Karen
Oliver who last ago when some pension of
so Monica Hospital Apollo 8 avulsion a
parasite on anazao tonnage annual Andy
Carroll Ankeny
I mean of course he's upset this is sort
of the ultimate irony these
pharmaceutical factories are producing
medicines to treat people around the
world but it's polluting and making
people sick over here what's worse is
many in the medical community have begun
to fear that these diseases could be so
hard to treat because there may not be a
drug to treat them at all in India
there's been a rise in disease-causing
bacteria that are resistant to multiple
types of antibiotics making treatment
difficult to impossible these bacteria
are referred to in the media as
superbugs water supplies in Delhi are
infested with a highly resistant bug
hazardous to human health a new study
shows the spread of a gene called ndm-1
can turn almost any type of bacteria
into a powerful super bug that can't be
treated with even the strongest of
antibiotics in 2010 news outlets around
the world began reporting on a new super
bug discovered in India that was immune
to even the most powerful line of
conventional antibiotics although there
isn't much public awareness on the
ground medical professionals are coming
face-to-face with the rising epidemic
dr. Caillou metha works in the ICU of
the Lotus Children's Hospital dealing
with many of its worst cases so tell me
how big of an issue antibiotic
resistance is so antibiotic resistance
is now no longer a phenomenon which is
deemed to it happen in the future it is
something which is very much ongoing how
many cases would you say a week do you
get of patients coming in with some kind
of antibiotic resistance I would say
what we see at the hospital is probably
the tip of the iceberg and we probably
may be seeing around 20 cases a week so
it is extremely important to go to the
source of the problem and prevent it
from leading to the development of
further superbugs the source of
superbugs has typically been identified
as the personal misuse of antibiotics or
the consumption of antibiotic treated
meat only recently have scientists begun
to examine the possibility that
pharmaceutical waste could contribute to
antibiotic resistance
waste from pharmaceutical factories is
first sent to an effluent treatment
plant to ensure it's safe before being
discharged into waterways we decide to
visit one to take a look at their
process this is our treated wastewater
it meets all surface deserve standards
which is stipulated by Ministry of
Forestry name is government and our
state constant control both so it's free
of all contaminants everything is live
yes that's a Dutch time that's we have
meeting it seems a problem has less to
do with meeting standards and more to do
with the standards themselves for
example with the pharmaceutical industry
there has been problems with finding
antibiotics do you test for antibiotics
at all we have all those parameters we
are not analyzing that so what is the
standard stipulated inlet/outlet that
all we're taking it and we have material
so what he's saying is the effluent
treatment plant doesn't check for levels
of antibiotics in the water because they
don't have to which means there's
nothing to stop high doses of
antibiotics from being dumped into local
waterways killing off bacteria until
only the strongest and most resistant
are left making it a perfect breeding
ground for superbugs
since there's little official data on
the levels of antibiotics in the water
we decide to try and test for ourselves
an eel die occur a local environmental
activist agreed to meet us to collect
samples
it's really hard to describe the way
that this smells it's it kind of leaves
this sour taste in your mouth is it what
it usually smelled by coming off of a
yeah it smells like this only
so it says my love the drugs and boy
yeah well curse basically the wastewater
is untreated for antibiotics yes oh this
could have very very high levels in it
yeah very high levels that which we
learn all the testing in the labs
after getting the samples Anil showed us
where the water from that stream is
flowing
this looks worse than okay yeah so this
is the open we'll all the industries
they came together they constructed this
open burn just for the sake of
supporting the or claims yeah and this
has no regulation at all right this is
just there's trash in it there's sand
they just leave it that's all these
airframes are supposed to be carried to
the treatment plant and they were to be
collected at the production stage itself
from there to the treatment plant and
instead of for coming down like this
illegal the outfall from this well goes
to waterways in the villages downstream
including the one we visited it was
difficult finding a lab that would agree
to test our samples the first lab
refused as soon as they found out what
it was for polluting to industry
interests they didn't want to anger so
we took it to another lab and they
confirmed what we suspected that our
samples contained unsafe levels of a
powerful antibiotic but we wanted to be
sure so we reached out to Joaquim Larsen
a Swedish scientist who was part of a
team that did their own testing in the
same area unfortunately due to the
limitations of labs in India Joaquim
told us it was almost impossible to
produce reliable results and ruled ours
inconclusive
so instead offered to share his own
findings so you did some sampling in the
same area that we went to a couple years
prior to when we visited what were some
of the things that you found from your
sampling we have found a lot of
pharmaceuticals some pharmaceuticals
were higher in the water than in the
blood of the patients that takes
medication we study we published last
year we were able to show that bacteria
from a highly polluted lake could
transfer resistance to D coli bacteria
we've found that the bacteria there have
developed new forms of resistance and
that is sort of exemplifies that the
risks scenario that we are worried about
that the environmental bacteria will
transfer resistant to human pathogens
what is the appropriate response to
finding out something like this
why would think the first thing would be
to regulate it to say that this cannot
go on but surprisingly it's still not
regulated because governments have not
realized the legislature has not
realized that this can be a problem a
scary thing with antibiotic resistance
is that it basically just need to emerge
once at one time one place on our planet
then we have open Pandora's box and we
can't close it again Pandora's Box may
have already been opened reports are
emerging of a new super bug gene that is
highly resistant to even the most
powerful antibiotics according to the
World Health Organization if drastic
measures aren't taken to address
antibiotic resistance by 2050 there will
be more people dying from superbugs and
there are currently dying from cancer in
a matter of time if nothing is done to
regulate the dumping of antibiotics into
the water the waterborne problem of an
Indian village could become a global
disaster and the very act of making
these drugs could ultimately make us
much sicker than we ever imagined
