Imtiaz his group and the Atheist
Republic in America set up a
crowdfunding site for Ana and raised
$5,000 to help support her in August we
flew out with MTS to meet her so MTS and
I are on our way to meet Varner for the
very first time to see what we matthias
can do to try and help earth we've asked
her to meet us in
one of the largest port towns off the
coast of the Mediterranean his neo is
very close to the Greek borders so very
close to Europe but actually Varna is
still ending
so nice to finally meet you
she's changed her appearance because
she's nervous the local Syrian
population may find out who she is
this is Ranas flats it's through the
crowdfunding that she's been able to pay
rent on this place but she doesn't have
long we have a three weeks cerana can
you show me around run out all this
stuff here you packed with you from
Saudi not only my abaya and t-shirt
what's the plan
if I get any feyza i can't go to Europe
she says her family knows she's in
Turkey but they don't know that she ran
away because of her atheism what do you
think your parents will will do like
your dad or your brother will do if they
find out you're an ASIS killing me movie
looking serious
