so this is the drug abuse treatment
center inside a Berlin State Prison and
every day these guys go through some
group therapy sessions there's one about
to take place now where they can talk
about how the treatments going and you
know what they're looking forward to and
how they're working on helping
themselves get themselves clean just
touch base on what is a high-risk
situation for you as far as relapse I
would say my biggest relapse triggers
would be big emotional changes or big
big things happening that I have no
control over over in streets you know
family for me would be like too much
free time or extra money or like not
skip they're not having a schedule
things to stick to my biggest dream is
to be around negative people
what's going on and like cause I said
boredom
I can't always sit there and occupy my
time so sometime to say well I'm gonna
be this escape you know feel good today
it's hard to stop by yourself especially
on the street or even in here when
you're using everyday and say you need
to wait for months to get in to
somewhere you can say I want to go to
the drug program they'll put you in in a
couple weeks it's a lot easier to get in
here half the people in prison don't
really belong there they're primarily
nonviolent and mostly substance abusers
dr. Harry Wexler was one of the first
people to study drug treatment programs
in prison he discovered that these
programs significantly slowed down the
revolving door of incarceration the
people wound up in prison are those
where all the institutions didn't work
prior to prison education didn't work
social services didn't work nothing
worked outside then this is path into
prison one of the things that's
unexpected positive consequence is that
we get into trouble and you get into
treatment that can give you
opportunities you would have had before
you have the benefits of the treatment
from helping you in recovery and helping
you reduce your rescission rates but the
key is then when you leave prison that's
important some of you guys that might be
getting out sooner on this program are
you worried about what might happen once
you get out there and there is certainly
no support for your
your treatment in your the process of
getting off whatever you were use it now
I'm reaching to the end of my my bid and
I'm like alright well I need to take the
initiative and I need to learn coping
skills I need to learn one of my
triggers I need to learn all this stuff
so when I go out there I'm not out there
so to speak naked with nothing I like to
see addiction it's not a good or bad
thing but it's like a healthier sick
thing this isn't my first time with
treatment but it is the first time I've
seen inside of a institution then make
an effort to help us get better instead
of punishing us for something we're
doing wrong I mean as a treatment for
provider when I asked you all to do I
asked you all to feel the pain to be sad
to feel all their emotions instead of
just taking your drug and getting high
and I'm like yeah sign me up right guys
you know I mean getting sober is painful
it hurts it's challenging it's
physically sick it's emotionally sick
every day is the challenge every now and
some of you guys at one minute at a time
it's not one day at a time is that fair
to say I get through that next minute
you guys talked about structure and
boredom boredom is the number one risk
reason for relapse fair to say so that's
why here we find of course you know
schedule yourself you know the mandatory
child at first you guys were like but
there's a reason for our madness
well the mandatory thing has helped
because it force you get a goal once
you're there you
by itself you know I don't want to look
at that on that I have this read about
we leave yet because I have multiple
injuries back I did both Shoals replace
it and usually opiates kicked me back
into relapse and I just need something
more intense because in the past I've
always realized back to opiates in
solace with American prison this program
here has huge potential hoping that they
get some more money in the budget
because it means people counselors a lot
more things because these guys he has
really wanted I wanted
