people wanted what was outlined to them
in their country's constitution they
wanted to democratically elect a
president and we'll see you know in the
next hundred twenty days if that happens
hi I'm Neely Tabrizi welcome to on the
line today we're going to discuss Haiti
last week we were there to see Michelle
Martelli stepped down and saw the
country choose its new interim president
so Michael what awesome people do we
have on the show today we have the most
awesomest people in the entire world I
think a bunch of them are here let's
start with kush he's pretty awesome cuz
you're there yeah right here curse you
have an excellent name what Haiti
dilemmas can we solve for you today
awesome that I think it is a good name
um so I guess my biggest questions are
first off why is it so difficult to even
find out what's going on in Haiti if you
do a quick Google search very little
even pops up and then because of that
I'm curious about you know what
protesters really want is it an issue of
political transparency this kind of to
me seems like a slap in the face to
democracy but I really want to get a
sense of what the protesters want and
how what specific changes they they want
the government to make yeah those are
great questions and so to talk about
your first one why don't we see a lot of
people covering Haiti well it's tough
because it's again it's just really hard
to communicate a story a story to your
audience that might seem like it doesn't
affect them so there are a few outlets
that cover it really closely and have
journalists at our baser that that are
their correspondence so for example i
really like Jacqueline Charles who's the
Caribbean correspondent of the Miami
Herald she covers that region very well
but you're right for most other
mainstream networks is kind of a block
out on what's going on in Haiti and for
us at vice news we thought it was a
really important story to cover we
wanted to go see what it looked like to
have the you know the guy who's in
charge during the during the earthquake
to step down and who would fill that
vacuum so we felt it was important and
that's why we were there and the second
part of your question if just to remind
myself you're asking what do protesters
really want what we're
they really angry about yeah so what
specifically are they angry about I was
a political transparency and then what
specific changes if any do they want the
government to make yeah absolutely so I
think first I'm going to throw to this
clip which might put it into a little
bit of context it's going to show it's
going to show Simon interviewing a
protester in Haiti last week the
population is angry now do you think
that there's a potential for more
violence if Martelli doesn't step down
yeah yeah well yeah definitely if he
spit on 70 yeah doubt that there's gonna
be a lot of die so just to put that into
a little bit of context for you that
protester what he was referring to was
he wanted president Michel Martelly to
step down at the end of his five-year
term which he ended up doing last week
and the issue there was that there was a
big question of who was going to lead
the country next Michel Martelly had
someone in mind that you know a lot of a
lot of people felt like he was the wrong
choice he's just going to continue to be
a puppet so yes people really do want
transparency in the sense that I got is
that you know people wanted what was
outlined to them in their country's
constitution they wanted to
democratically elect a president and
that's what the people really want to do
and we'll see you know in the next
hundred twenty days if that happens oh
yeah did that answer your questions for
ya yeah overall I mean I think so they
just elected the parliament voted on a
new president correct and is there had
been any kind of protest about that
process and I know it was like yesterday
right yes yeah so it's kind of
interesting it definitely seemed a
little house of cards Frank Underwood
esque and a lot of people called it a
parliamentary coup because the gentleman
who became president excuse me Jocelyn
pre there he was senator he was a
senator of Haiti and one of the three
people that came up with this whole plan
to elect a temporary president in the
first place so indeed yes it was the
Parliament who chose the leader of the
nation and you know his mandate is to be
for 120 days but we'll have to check
back and see how that plays out okay um
ya know that that definitely cleared
things up for me on my end um yeah
awesome well thanks for asking your
questions thank you all right coach
thanks for coming on man so Neela we're
seeing some stuff on Twitter that I want
you to take a look at the first is from
Vincent a I he wants to know how are
people reacting to the new president and
why don't you think more people in the
US are paying attention we're next-door
neighbors after all yeah those are two
really good questions and to answer the
first part how are the people reacting
and the sense that I got you know right
after Jocelyn Primera's inauguration on
Sunday we went out and we're chatting
with people on the street and it seemed
like there there were no protests
because everyone wanted this interim you
know transitional period of Haiti to go
on they wanted this to happen and
there's everyone's just really looking
forward to being able to democratically
elect a president in 120 days so it
seems like people just want to get this
over with as smoothly as possible and
you know why maybe doesn't America care
about Haiti I mean it just seems again
it's just really hard to get people to
care about an issue that's not directly
affecting them right now and in the u.s.
I mean we have a you have big
presidential elections and this and
primaries going on right now that you
know our problems and our issues at home
might be picking taking presidents over
might be taking precedence rather over
what we're paying attention to well I
hope that answers your question uh so
speaking questions I know we have some
more on skype and let's go straight to
Jeff who's calling us from lakeland
florida hey Jeff how's it going hey
how's it going pretty good um I was you
know we've all been sioned the
earthquake happened everyone went down
there and it'll help cleaned up then we
all trying to stop hearing about it like
you said we have lot going on here that
doesn't allow it to a vest latin Haiti
but you know and like we said is right
there and you know if Cuba about to open
up everyone's waiting to you know throw
money of them and the haiti is about you
know that far away from q but what keeps
us from you saying hey let's me
so like a triangle they are like trade
and you know yeah absolutely I mean I
you know why maybe aren't we investing
in Haiti or other companies looking to
invest there that's a really good
question I think that you know it's
important to recognize that Haiti it
once was you know the region's top
exporter of bananas like they do have
they can get involved in trade in a
meaningful way and they could also be a
top coffee exporter and other things
like that but unfortunately it's just
the country has so much political
instability that it makes it hard for
investors to want to put their money
there because they may not know what the
fate of their company or the country's
government might be in the next hundred
days so that unfortunately is a big
barrier keeping any trade from happening
you know right now during this
instability does that answer your
question you know this is the second per
my question you think that's a catch-22
going on instability you know where
investors leads with more instability
kind of you know like a big cycle yeah
no I mean I hope that they can get
involved shortly but we'll have to kind
of see how you know politics plays out
in the country cuz that's gonna really
lead whether or not they can get
involved in trade okay that's sounds
very questions awesome thanks so much no
problem yeah Jeff thanks for coming on
man so neely we got another quad tweet
that I want you to take a look at and
this is a little bit more of an
explainer for everybody watching at home
the new president Felix wants to know is
he temporary or have they actually done
a presidential election can you explain
a little bit of the process of how the
president the new president came to
power yes it was an exciting 12 hour it
was a 12-hour National Assembly session
to pick the interim president so yes on
Saturday night early Sunday morning is
when joseline pre bear was chosen by the
National Assembly to be the interim
president and so far his mandate says
that he only has 120 days so essentially
he came up with this plan with another
senator and Michelle Martelli to create
this mandate for the temporary
presidency and people thought that was
weird again like we mentioned before
that he ended up being the leading
candidate despite the fact that he came
up with this plan in the first place and
yes his colleagues from the National
Assembly chosen and he's going to lead
the
trade for 120 days all right well there
is your answer Felix I hope you are
satisfied with that and without any
further ado I know we have Adam who
wants to ask us about some tumultuous
issues that were happening in haiti
after you there yeah hi Neelu did the
CEO big time fan I was wondering back to
the process I mean you had mentioned I
think in your dispatch that there was a
big it was an endurance test so what
made it an endurance test I mean
obviously was 12 hours long but you'd
mention that the Senators I think who
had voted towards the end had more power
or like had more say like what gave them
more yeah i mean i will say that that
this for me was the most marathon
endurance testing a parliamentary
session I've ever seen in my life so to
give you a little bit of a background
the session that day started about 5pm a
couple hours later they said kick all
the journalists out we're going to have
a closed session so we left came back a
couple hours later and they were still
debating that night around seven pm are
we going to let the President or not so
there was a lot of confusion what was
going on they finally started the vote
at eleven-thirty p.m. because under the
mandate of the rules if they didn't
start voting before midnight this whole
plan was completely scrapped so they
started voting at eleven-thirty their
first round of voting was a split vote
between the top two candidates LeBlanc
and pre vert and so they had to do
another boat so keeping up with me in
between the first and second vote they
had another recess senators went out we
all were waiting to see what was going
on when they came back to vote the
second time preware had a landslide
victory the votes completely changed so
clearly some back backdoor negotiations
and wheeling and dealing we're
definitely going on and I you know and
to me it really stood out that they were
really pushing these politicians like
how long can you stay awake like if
someone had left the room for example it
would have completely changed the voting
structure and whether or not they could
vote that night so it was really keeping
these guys in a room and seeing who they
would vote for in the end and in the end
it was pre vert and yeah and we were
there till about four in the morning
that's crazy how was local media's
reaction to that like were they covering
it I mean I don't does it like mirror
u.s. presidential election or like
people I mean you know a lot of the
people that were print reporters were
definitely home and monitoring it on
Twitter but there was still there's a
ton of camera crews at the end I mean
when he was when primera was chosen as
president he went up and resigned his
senator ship and then did the oath put
on the sash it was just media everywhere
was a it was a pretty crazy scram
typical to what you know we've seen in
the US so yeah it was definitely
followed very closely and how do people
like on the street how they reacted to
his election I mean I think he's known
to have some former ties to president
aristide who was ousted in a queue and
you can be seen as like kind of close to
the business elites they are they
excited about him did I think it'll be a
change from our telly or I think it's
kind of like more of the same you know
when after we spoke to people outside
following his inauguration on Sunday
people just seemed like they were kind
of exhausted tired and overhead like
there was such a week of crazy protests
leading up to Mechele Martelli stepping
down the people that we talked to you
were just kind of like okay he's the
interim president let's get this over
with and 120 days as smooth as possible
and give us our chance to elect a
president so that's the sense that we
got but you know before you know the few
days leading up to the selection in the
National Assembly a lot of people
thought that it was Shady that hey this
guy came up with this plan in the first
place and now he's a leading candidate
what's going on with that and I want to
throw to an interview that we had with
pre where we were among the last
journalists to interview him while he
was Senator so you can see a question we
posed join me if you get chosen by
Parliament to be the temporary president
do pledge that you will step down after
120 days no matter what happens Logue
mmm damn google map aviso a semi cipal
me see oh say do réalisée lazy lipsy
only two possible pooper met Oscar De
Soto a legitimate vista wallop on
today's of aletta afford a constant
ratio you Nevada to let sector lobby
national wawa turnovo mugen occupations
Pinocchio's me to do what's fair
do something who some people are
criticizing you've submitted your name
for interim president because you were
one of the politicians who came up with
this whole plan for the temporary
presidency in the first place what do
you make of that loch lomond ed Silvio
pornete Ross Ballentine including some
exclusive son so just a little bit of
context for that we waited around for
him for about five hours to get a
10-minute interview so we had to ask the
questions that I knew that would piss
him off basically immediately and so as
you can kind of see in the interview
when we asked him if he would step down
in 120 days no matter what he did the
amazing typical politicians speak of
just kind of talking in circles and oh
there's so much to do in 120 days the
mandate clearly says 120 days but he
never said yes I will step down and
again when we asked him do you feel at
Shady that you're a leading candidate
despite the fact that you made this plan
he said the rules clearly state that a
Haitian citizen can be that can come in
for this temporary presidency and I'm a
Haitian citizen so definitely seemed
very frank underwood to me so I'm kind
of interested to follow and see what
this looks like so then how realistic
will elections taking place in 120 days
seem like he might not step down on his
own volition but like will there be
another campaign will there be another
round of elections I know that people
are definitely like the Haitian people
are definitely very hungry to directly
elect their president so I know they
want it to happen but you know who it's
it's so hard to tell I mean what i can
say is that during Primera's
inauguration speech he talked a lot
about the country coming together
freedom for the press being important
but not once did he mentioned hey we're
definitely going to elect this president
he didn't mention the fact that there
was going to be an election so that was
conveniently left out of his speech so i
would i would like power to be handed
over smoothly i'd like to see the people
of haiti get to elect their president
but i don't know if it's gonna happen in
120 days and what are the biggest
differences between the new president
and Martelli then really like really
close um I'm not too sure I mean they
definitely I mean they're from different
political parties provera I guess his
biggest thing is that he was the chair
the National Assembly so he had a lot of
pull and influence in the parliament but
you know to be honest I I don't
personally see a difference between them
I'm but I'm not going to pretend that
I'm an expert on Haiti politic out in
Haitian politics but I'm sure that you
know the people they're definitely have
their own opinions yeah as Martelly
still in Haiti or did he have to leave
I'm not sure as far as I know he's still
there and I hope he puts out another bag
and single yeah sweet Martelli yeah
sweet maybe yeah so you um I think
that's all I have for now awesome well
thanks your questions were really good
cool thank you yeah Adam thanks for
coming on uh Neelu that's the end of our
show thank you so much for coming on I
do want to say goodbye to everybody at
home absolutely well thanks so much for
tuning in on on the line if you have any
further questions about haiti and its
politics and its transition you can hit
me up on twitter at n Tabrizi oh
the Gulf of guns oh let's go I'm gonna
do the show let's get back let's get
back let's get back
