moon back Amish a boom box a liquid
kidnapping my family
Sunday and it's the first day of Hades
power vacuum so far things are calm on
the streets and we're going to
Parliament where Martelli is going to
give his last address to the assembly
Judaism and a presidency led to second
jewel islamic state√∂ and Alita to
contribute to a la normality
constitutional mantra gravely surveyed
election business year different
mattelli opposite IG ability la princesa
material family academies a CI Chico
thermal heavens ebony knew a bit water
JIT i bobl Messier
this is a historic moment for Haiti the
president by removing his sash is relate
wishing power willingly and that's a
transition that in this country in the
past has sometimes not gone very
smoothly
and as the president leaves the room the
power vacuum in Haiti begins and nobody
knows what tomorrow is gonna bring a
couple thousand people have gathered
outside of national palace despite the
fact that Martelli just stepped down
they say they're angry because their
presidential candidates from the
opposition weren't involved in the
transition negotiations about who's
going to be in power once the power
vacuum comes into effect
so why is he
protesting when Martelli has just
resigned at what noodle mm typical sir
you saved one who Polamalu party a
debate a divisor say no but I say monkey
no opposition people get my Lana menu
poor Katie fraternity saw everybody tapa
suit please I've gotta move up a second
if a second quarter mattelli addict
Geronimo quick appeal a public you lyin
that interview was interrupted by a
volley of tear gas being fired in this
direction
this is the scene in the streets of
Haiti right after the president has made
his final address to parliament and
resigned the streets aren't any calmer
than yesterday
macelli I like Rodriguez moon back Amish
a boombox la cual kidnap in my form a
delicious your batteries just gobble up
with something boyish are messy but that
little pest about elephant a habla
maximize your son nothing like a bit of
tear gas to scatter a protest with the
violent elements of the protests gone
this actually feels more like a
celebration than anything else and with
mortelli gone it's hard to imagine that
this protest movement is actually going
to go anywhere
