the population is angry now do you think
that there's a potential for more
violence if Martelli doesn't step down
yeah yeah oh yeah definitely if you spit
on seven
oh yeah doubt that there's going to be a
lot of die
we come to Haiti because of the
political crisis that's brewing here the
current President Martelly has said he
may not step down but his term ends
tonight
and these people are calling for him to
leave tomorrow it's not actually clear
who's going to be in power because they
haven't organized another election yet
the reason they haven't organized
another election is because the last
time they had a vote the opposition
claimed that the ruling party candidate
stole it so now there's going to be an
interim period starting tomorrow where
nobody knows who's going to be running
the country we are you - just to protest
that and mentally but I finished the app
- live tomorrow under 7 what is the loan
engage anyone are you worried about the
fact that there will be no leader
tomorrow isn't about no leader tomorrow
we have it we will have leaders because
how can I say the opposition
always working together to out another
Nancy the population is angry now do you
think that there's a potential for more
violence if Martelli doesn't step down
yeah yeah well yeah definitely if you
spit on seven
oh yeah doubt that there's gonna be
another guy we're at the National Palace
which is the focal point of any
anti-government protest in the Haiti
it's where the National Palace used to
be before the earthquake the police are
out in force the UN contingent in Haiti
is out in force because they're
expecting hundreds if not thousands of
people to come down here to protest
against Martelli
let's get back let's get back let's get
back you can see how quickly these
protests can turn ugly a Martelli
supporter was recognized in this
opposition protest because of a pink
bracelet that he was wearing he was
immediately attacked and he had to be
taken away by the police for his own
protection
people are starting to disperse because
it's getting dark here the question
still remains will Martelli step down
tomorrow
