we're here in the fashion district of
downtown Los Angeles and behind me is a
shop called Barajas they are the makers
of the two shirts that joaquina chapo
guzman was seen wearing in the
photographs that were published by
Rolling Stone during his meeting with
actor Sean Penn so these are the two
styles shifts okay and what are they
called this is a fantasy and this is a
crazy pasty and I imagine you got a lot
more orders for these two styles yes
hundreds from all around the world we
have Germany customers we have friends
everywhere in Latino Mexico Israel
aggressive couple image from the base
you know questions raised about you know
is this the glorification of sort of
like the narco business what is your
response or reaction to that and as we
are a fashion designer we are not we are
not affiliated with anybody as a laborer
said good work good thoughts and good
deeds that's why we just announced that
we're gonna do five percent of our
profit to the dear corporation for the
child drug abuse that's drug abuse
resistance for you yes sir
it was a nice idea but there later said
on their website that they would have
rejected any such offer it's beautiful
well as you can see but Alice wasn't a
brand that just became instantly popular
with the Mexican Vonda North annual
singers many of these artists are super
well-known and are huge sellers here in
the United States and Mexico you have
Espinosa us here you have in command add
a couple of other guys Giovanni from
another color okay
