she was at the mall of us here Natalie
Garcia
we forgot Indonesia Kendrick annoy
Yamuna Angela good llamo goose Gossage -
she just casted erotic velocity yes
this attack policy skillet for marijuana
cateura Geneva's Mazda cropper
illegitimate emotional Nick Tony who
cheated stupid Wii Remote over where
people been protesting against their
government for months now they say that
the leaders of the country are corrupted
after they were implicated in a scandal
last year where a billion euros went
missing from the banks both pro-european
and pro-russian opposition parties I
kind of started working together I mean
they're demanding that the government
old early elections if the opposition
parties demands aren't met by 5 p.m.
tonight they said they're going to
initiate a wave of mass civil
disobedience some of this can people
have built these static shelters where
they're protesting from this guy's just
going to show us inside he's pointing
everyday is a pro-european got the
European Union Flag what do you think
about the situation here now with all
the corruption and the protests should I
send him all of us fear the trolley
Garcia shell we forget Indonesia into
Kamui Yamuna who you look good the
obsession like you guys have said that
and if your demands are met by a certain
deadline tonight that something else is
going to happen civil disobedience what
do you think will happen
no creating cocaina fear a boy no
routine tip she sent a mulligan
doesn't a mulligan I've seen rebooting
suspicion which has decayed your
customer que yo creo ropa well there was
certainly quite a few variants we've
been told I hear they're very angry the
way things have turned out of course
they fall for this country and now they
feel it's kind of captured by oligarchs
and
he just explains me what's going on in
Moldova Romania why these protests
happening the economic situation is
Moldova is pretty bad right now the
local currency has depreciated a lot so
people feel much for now we can add 1
billion dollar theft the money that
disappeared from the banking system so
the population got angry with that
people started demonstrating we have now
protesting too pro-russian groups and
another one which claims it is Pryor
bein too Pro European Empire Russian
groups are working together they do now
they want early elections because they
say the politicians which are in power
now have no moral support of the
population we're here in the
pro-european camp just down the road
this does a pro-russian come what do you
think will happen if you know they did
get the demands the pro-russian parties
have the chance of taking the majority
into the parliament in that case Western
countries and I mean here European
Union's would lose their influence in
Moldova EU and us don't want to risk
they want stability at the border
stability means keeping this government
functioning right now
we've come to the market area here in
kitchen al just to speak to normal
people to find out how the theft of a
billion euros from their economy has
affected them and to find out what they
think about the protests that are going
on in the center what do you think about
the protests have been going on recently
predestinated budget Lumia in selenium
subclasses just forget severe he will go
bouche idiot city was created in through
how they affected all the people in the
street sir M Suresh Dworkin no Center la
PNC she i'm rishabh too soon to be a
panacea chicest Oh Andrew Suman Heinicke
splintered soon as Martinez what do you
think what was going on him llamo goose
Gossage to see just casually reveals a
class the yes DC attack politics kickers
legit for marijuana cateura prosecutor
to her what's a coolest we spoke some
people here they've said they're worried
that what happened in Ukraine might
happen here Moldova and if you think as
possible mosque why is crouched on I
need not watch this image cosmetic
Swahili yang
yeah Pakistan unitaster an annuity elbow
but you move as most crop religious but
emotional Nick Tony Wichita to fight so
this is the pro-russian camp so bigger
than the European one here they've got a
lot of tents they do have security that
around here 24/7 what do you think about
the situation here some people say this
is pro-russian what are your views for
wysz that's a special spoon but canal it
leaves uni
well Agharta speech elephant gazing for
mario paparazzi nostril madhava sarah
most remove a new scent a inventor Russo
kenryu Roca moto vote rebus fe porta
entry lucia shiseru beggar so far the
peaceful protests haven't really done
anything the government haven't given in
to the demands and what do you think
will happen next in the country
miss p.m. chaos aroun Jimmy open la
victoria she's / MK party near e ke ke
european KC Lucia Civil War implica know
who are Misaka vadhana mean mod politic
Sally Lemuria SCADA Cassano no exception
the say no we're not promotion but I
guess whoever has distant is got the
kind of Russian solidarity colours a
forensic whole communist off
so it's gone 5 p.m. now which was the
deadline which the opposition party said
they wanted to hear from the government
by the government hasn't said anything
and the opposition parties have just
announced that they'll be here in 15
minutes to tell every what they've got
planned next door or Judaism or Cairo
protested Ultima Lagoon co-worker ojos
Dominica Chennault easily Asta's brow
Sofia Clark Kerr was a medium Panola
woman we regret no known provincial
response taka ko-- Vietnam right
insecure man Manitoba dispose potato so
spoon up analysis knowing representin
sea port estoppel or lot revenir Ã  la
or no Nouveau Metro Nikaido new condo
Verrazano spoon annoyed director matzo
nor adequate lower rescission of the
Aegean Sea stop Juliana malicious
following last night's announcing
they've come to a public forum put on by
the opposition parties where the
opposition's are discussing what happens
next well given in 21 also I met one of
the next protest resolution we didn't
see people so far the protests have been
peaceful with nothing has really
happened what do you think will have to
happen to change things over at him
politically popular an uber fear exhibit
at the protest is born in one moment
shell casin and cinema Chile's character
parsley Severus our democratic theorem
scenario she asked this sheet from
Arabia but at the spirit of protest at
Arista market grow food dependency Desa
the kuchela actually move my shades on
the button on your pro European policy
why did you decide to kind of watch the
progression price is your interest in
clearly not sustainable
what bleachers at it no of academia to
fill the audiences digital the unity
card and offer what did you feel the
bhakta liquid pushes in movie one in
Akari bananas strategy protests out
gentlemen it looks shall article goes on
outlaws how did you soon ask the cheesy
ik a protest Elysium realistic algebra
garner Unni ammonia to deposit a good
Democrat serious some people think that
if you get rid of this government which
is seemingly from one regard then you
guys will just install another girl soon
you'll be run by different actually
wanna go anything to us maybe escape and
they will occur congenial Librium cut
yes political equality GNA share
criminal in Woodleigh common topic on
Duke yet the GSP Aryan sakuni's plateau
Luna a lot of people have mentioned
Vladimir partly to us he's a very
powerful person here in Moldova a lot of
people say he's an oligarch that he runs
things from behind the scenes he owns a
lot of institutions a lot of media
companies he did want to be the new
prime minister but the president said
that his integrity has been called into
question due to a lot of claims that
he's corrupted this opposition party of
said that he's a bad guy that need to
get rid of him but they have quite
dubious backgrounds themselves whether
there'll be any better at running
Moldova remains to be seen SIA party
miss a visa messy progresses promos
caprara PSK promote a ski a
beginningless letter soba Gurgaon
provincial Romeo
resume your pro-russian if no no your
part isn't purpose my buddy
our party's promulgation the first he
said in an interview that I read you
want to close down US Embassy and start
karaoke by there but you know I declared
about this aha my didn't like the
position of Victoria Nuland when she
visited Bucharest she supported this
criminal government they destroyed our
political project and my dream is that
Moldova should be a place where East and
West are collaborating it's very clear
that the government here are corrupted
but I also say that you are they say you
have links to the Russian secret
services when is actually last year
there are a lot of details but Renato
cert is representing special services
criminal structures
Renato said they came to Moldova to
destroy the European future of Moldova
succeeding is a smear campaign yeah yeah
what do you want to happen next because
the peaceful protest bonus they're not
really done anything it has all the
people in the go to prepare flour the
funeral of the government ah a funeral
for the government a kind of you
you
