alik Bogner is a fairly typical college
student 18 year old Drake University
freshman runs track it's plenty on going
to law school who is politically active
on campus was there one issue that
really motivated your political
awakening
I guess politics is kind of cool and um
I don't know I've always been good at
debating I guess it's my mom said but on
one point Bogner is something of an
outlier at Drake he's one of the few
people on campus who actively and
enthusiastically stumps for Donald Trump
now that there's this guy like Donald
Trump who I obviously support and he's
kind of standing up for just kind of
like just common sense in general I feel
like that really just makes it a lot
easier to kind of decide like this is
this is why I want to get involved
there's someone kind of speaking what
like I and presumably a lot of people
around the country are believing in
at Drake's mock caucus students battled
over supporting Bernie Sanders and
Martin O'Malley now it cut a lonely
figure navigating the crowd wearing his
make America great again baseball hat
he was the sole student caucusing for
Trump I'm gonna tell you reasons why
maybe he's not the right pick for you if
you want a president to play the
political correct game and get nothing
done you know someone who beats around
the bush no pun intended forever he's
not the candidate for you if you enjoy
corrupt politics where you know the
wealthy businesses and corporations pull
the strings behind the curtain and if
you want him to be the puppet then he's
not the candidate for you but if you
want actual solutions to all these
problems then vote Trump it's the
movement we got 41% of the vote and none
of the other candidates have even half
of that so vote Trump like to be you on
campus you can't be the most popular guy
poet it was a big deal on campus what
students tend to be slightly definite
left of center definitely he said Bernie
has a big oh he might say that bernie is
probably the most popular candidate on
our campus but it's not like I'm not
trying to conform to a crowd like I
don't want just want to follow people
you know of course but you're not
supporting Jeb you're not spending luck
review you are supporting the most
divisive candidate that I remember in
American political history that must not
be popular on campus no it's definitely
not I mean I'm one of the few but then
again at least I know what I'm you know
supporting Alex says that he's a former
YouTube star that was changing interests
and new life as a college student
demanded that his past be purged from
the internet and Alec doesn't just
admire Trump's no-nonsense rhetoric and
attacks on political correctness
inspired by the Donald he wants a future
in reality television
so was that unbelievable that would be
fun right if I could be the next Lake
gone is that the aspiration of pretty
much everyone you're in no I hope not
because I want to be the only one that
does it
