you ran Rikers Island you're responsible
for one of the biggest turn arounds of
Riker's it reduced violent incidents by
umpteen percent how many from 93 prime
to three percent you instituted a lot of
policies and reforms that turned Rikers
Island around right what happened why
didn't it stick it didn't stick because
they removed all the programs that I put
in place the program's of accountability
for staff for managers how do you have a
circumstance in a facility where you
have an actual wedding being catered in
a jail in Manhattan it's it's it's a
jail somebody allowed a caterer to come
in to the facility and have a wedding
and then there was a Bar Mitzvah four
months later how do you have a
circumstance where you have a fight
clubs so to speak that's what it was
called by the by the New York tabloids
where correction officers are pitting
inmates against other inmates to the
point that they have a beat-down of an
inmate and he's murdered he's beat to
death under the supervision of two
correction officers you know it's
insanity if you cut someone you take a
razor blade and you / up a guy and cut
them to shreds you got charged with a
crime well they stopped doing that why
why you create an atmosphere question
why would they change those policies and
it's all about accountability and
leadership I took an agency that was the
most violent and mismanaged agency
Correctional Facility in this country
and turned it into an international
model for efficiency accountability and
safety and today it's right back where
it was before I started and they have
half the inmates half the inmates the
population today is 10,000 their daily
average population I
over 22,000 so I can't understand why
someone would let that revert is that
political is it just because of because
those reforms are tied to your legacy
and uh that's what I think it is yeah
that's what I think it is and I don't
know I don't know I can't answer those
questions but I honestly think that's
what it is
