that was literally one of the best
places to party you're partying with the
best people around you
the caliber of people you are surrounded
by is unmatched anywhere else in the
world I mean this is called a Magic
Mountain and magic happens there that's
why that's why you should come here I
can tell this to everyone who's watching
this if you can come to Davos it doesn't
get better than this
you technological revolution will come
like a tsunami the massive challenge
something we've got a tackle head-on we
have another ability or not we know that
the capacity to make that happen every
year since 1971 the global elite have
gathered in the remote Swiss ski town of
Davos for the World Economic Forum's
annual meetings billed as the
convergence of the most influential
government officials business executives
and academics the forum has the goal of
improving the state of the world critics
however say the elite in Davos are
responsible for global inequality and
that the meeting serves as a glorified
networking event so we packed our bags
and headed for the Alps to try to figure
out what happens in Davos we're just
getting into the Senate knee of Davos
for a few kilometers out as a steady
stream of Sprinter vans bringing folks
into the town a lot of fancy cars also a
lot of security there were a few kind of
outposts some concertina wire is a big
machine guns
we're headed out to the Congress center
that's where everything really takes
place this week so where a lot of the
panels are the meetings also a lot of
the networking happens the CEO is
talking everybody else trying to get
deals done it's a bit of a hospital with
camera any kind of equipment you know
minder to take you around I'm gonna try
to get into things and talk to some
folks that are mingling around
so most journalists are only allowed
about 30 minutes two rotations per day
for 30 minutes each
so there's a lot of people gathered in
this lounge right now if you look
closely and recognize a few where
there's Michael from and he's the US
Trade Representative behind me is George
Osborne because the Hayes Chancellor of
the Exchequer so the Finance Minister
basically since it was our first time at
Davos we wanted to hear from the veteran
journalists about how they cover the
event we'd love to have a longer
conversation with you okay thank you
so you been coming here for several
years yeah would be six six years yeah
I'm trying to think about it I think
it's been about six years okay and I
know that I didn't get the tenure
sticker when there's ten years they put
a sticker on your badge so how has it
changed since you've been I think we are
all a lot more conscious of the fact
that this is a gathering of the 1% of
the 1% and those of us in the media or
the academics who are here according to
the world are all part of the same group
so I think we're starting to see it a
little more critically I wish it could
be a little more critical than it is now
it's it's a big from a media perspective
this is a big ass-kissing fest there
seems to be two things going on here
there are the panels and then there's
these meetings that take place that you
don't see unless you have to be privy to
them what do you think is more important
it's the stuff it's the people who you
meet in the hallway and somebody cuts a
deal and you and you end up with either
a better world or a richer company I
don't know what you're getting what
you're aiming for but it's the sidelines
not the main event right so do you think
the WUF is honest about that that that's
really what this is or they trying to
kind of hold fast I mean I'd like to get
an invitation back so I won't say that
they're dishonest about it I think it's
both I really do think that the draw is
that you are drawing people to be on
these panels because they are the
smartest of the smart you can't just go
around to these Harvard academics or
these people and say hey just come to
our event because you'll be a draw for
other people to come too so I have to
give them substance and I think that
they really do that
it's closed no media okay boy what is
what's in here okay all right
what's in looks like something about
climate but but people can't go in seems
interesting go in but no my dear the
theme of this year's World Economic
Forum is the fourth Industrial
Revolution
according to forum founder Klaus Schwab
the fourth Industrial Revolution marks
the rise of smart network machines
driverless cars virtual reality and
interconnected intelligent devices will
fundamentally change the way we live in
the world and could lead to greater
inequality many of the participants at
this year's conference were interested
in how they could take advantage of this
sea change in industry technology and
labor
there's a lot of established big
businesses here at Davos we're gonna go
talk to two young guys we met the other
night about why they spend tens of
thousands of dollars to come here and
they haven't even stepped foot in the
Congress Center I want to ask both of
you what you're doing here what you're
up to kind of deals you're trying to
make happen I come to Davos because I
love what the ref is about making the
world a better place at the same time
that wasn't any one of the best places
to party you're partying with the best
people around you the caliber of people
you are starting why is unmatched
anywhere else in the world three days
ago I decided to come in I was actually
sitting on my desk on Facebook and I
messaged my colleague over here I've
been he told me hey come to Davos I said
what's Davos so I did I did a quick
google search and I saw that being in a
giant think-tank as this is would be an
unbelievable opportunity for networking
meeting people and just essentially
getting getting our company out there so
we've spent a lot of this week inside
the Congress Center back there I
understand you guys have basically been
not there you've been outside even
networking you've been talking to people
so what can you tell us more about that
there's a 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. dollars
at 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. dollars you
can't be both so I choose a 6:00 p.m. to
6:00 a.m. Davos that's when most of the
people who come out west most people
really want to mingle they get lose to
get big a little bit drinks they go out
of the parties essentially for days here
I'd say synonymous with two years of now
working in New York so what did you
spend this year you have a barbecue yeah
I had an apartment I spent about 20k I
don't show my apartment for a little bit
so yeah nice you brought your
expenditures but I probably spend maybe
six that $7,000 for a few days over here
this is called a Magic Mountain and
magic happens there that's why that's
why you should come here I can tell this
to everyone who's watching this if you
can come to Davos it doesn't get better
than this
Evan and Kyle were clearly at Davos with
one goal in mind to make money maybe the
party we wanted to talk to someone with
a different mission so we caught up with
winning beyond Yama the director of
Oxfam international Oxfam recently
released a report says that 62 richest
individuals in the world have as much
wealth as the poorest half of humanity
now I imagine a few of those 62 people
are here walking around us right now so
I'm wondering what the reaction has been
there was denial and it was a subject
that wasn't being discussed here four
five years ago but it has become a
mainstream policy issue actually this
kind of inequality is undermining growth
which is what they want so we are here
calling for action a lot of companies
that would fall under the ones that are
being criticised kind of generally in
the report you put out they are
sponsoring this event do you worry that
companies can use this to kind of pay
lip service to the issues that you know
Oxfam is raising I am I am but I'm
seeing progress also here at Davos we
are here really to campaign we are not
here to look for cozy collaboration we
have a tough message I'm putting it out
here and I'm calling on them to respond
hey Cameron's Talent
and a camera one of the craziest things
about Davos is how current and former
world leaders are just walking around
like normal people
anyone seemingly can walk up to them
interact unless you're trying to get any
review President Ukraine right here
having a little quick meeting with
someone headed to another event okay we
weren't able to get an interview with
poroshenko we hope we might do better
with Vitaly Klitchko the heavyweight
boxer tornador of Kiev who was across
town meeting with investors at the hotel
is this the first time you've been to
Davos six or seven times that was and
that why I know how important that was
how get contacts we have made here can
you talk a little bit about Kiev and the
way the economy is right now over a
little bit after the Revolution it's our
enemies very interesting disability
stabilized situation in Ukraine they
afraid of success of Ukraine after
illusion that whites our main goal
fastest possible reform our main goal to
bring investment to Ukraine so it seems
from what you described you want Ukraine
to move west we don't move we can't move
to west on these we stay and our main
goal we were if you want to be European
country we have to build European
standards of life inside of Ukraine we
can't move the country you're mayor now
you've had aspirations for higher office
before will you run for president in the
future I know one point it changes to
the country coming from capital I look
in not for this year I have ambition to
change my country
one of the big qualms with Davos is that
this year they're fewer than 20% of the
attendees are women you just look around
the central lounge in the Congress
Center I could probably count on both
hands how many women are here and
there's probably 200 people in this room
it's kind of remarkable you've been
coming here is just at 4:16 yes 1999 was
my marriage here how is it changed but
you notice that bigger it's bigger
there's a lot more traffic so it's a
good place to kind of know what the
zeitgeist is going to be amongst global
leaders
I wouldn't any news happen to us in
terms of access how much can you
actually sort of get in touch with you
can see things happening sort of beyond
well that's kind of a beauty at this
place is that you know if you stand you
know if we sit in this coffee place long
enough you know a couple of presidents a
lot by
it's um it's good bang for the buck one
of the sort of criticisms of Davos along
with many not only is it exclusive but
those that are allowed in or
overwhelming then overwhelmingly white
wait I mean there's Lilly a little more
self-aware about this now but looking
around the room I don't see a lot of
progress it's funny well you you never
have any problem setting up meetings and
telling people I'll be the woman in the
coffee area cuz you're the only one you
noticed one of the big criticisms of
Davos diversity what do you mean
then okay but prove it to me because
right now I'm not seeing not a lot of
women I see not a lot of minorities I'm
not even seeing truth to power that much
here and this is the power so nobody's
going to see him ever have the courage
to say that's
it scares me it's not that hard to point
out the wealth and opulence at Davos we
wanted to speak with someone with a
longer view of the conference in its
attendees as someone who's done a lot of
work on inequality which seems to be
getting worse
what does Davos represent to you was it
mean you might say it's the epicenter of
inequality now under 70 people have as
much wealth as the rest of the were at
the bottom 50% of the world seems like
some of those 62 people are probably
walking around right now somewhere maybe
with escorts are you able to you know
interact with yes some of these are very
committed to it the slogan of the Davos
committed to creating a better world
there are some who are very much
aggressively pursuing the idea
inequalities a good thing they won't
quite say it that way but they're saying
here we need less regulation to give us
a freer hand to exploit the rest of our
society so so it's divided
the Sun setting on the last day of the
World Economic Forum here in Davos we've
been here for four days we've seen
everything that we could I think that
for a lot of the attendees they're
really trying to change the world for
the best which is basically the motto of
the forum but for a large number it's
also about going to private parties it's
about backroom deals it's about the kind
of business networking that you can do
here but for everyone including
journalists it's also about just getting
invited back next year
you
