I thought it was a good drug I think I'm
like a doctor's prescribed this so I'm
okay I'm doing what people are
prescribed every day from me addiction I
lived through it as a kid my father was
an addict I do the same thing to my
child's what my dad did to me and that I
hit myself for it every day what's the
most common substance that people come
in and saying if they have a public
heroine by far the state of New
Hampshire and really New England as a
whole was experiencing quite the opiate
epidemic there's such a lack of
awareness out there there's incredible
lack of treatment that's available it's
hard to stop by yourself when you're
using every day and you need to wait
four months to get in somewhere if I
believe now I wouldn't make it
I probably ODI probably one of the guys
on the news I don't need two weeks a
month sober like I need a year sober
before I can finally say okay and I'm
like on the right path
you
