I wonder how much of an improvement this
actually makes for the naked day from
here from the residents every house
matters getting everybody else down all
I saw was people raping killing they use
these houses world houses no they're
supposed to tear down at a farm or
greater no rate that they're doing the
federal government has been spending a
lot of money on Detroit lately eighty
billion dollars on a bailout of the auto
industry in 2009 then in 2014
creditors lost seven billion in the
biggest municipal bankruptcy in history
so Washington decided to dump 1.4
billion more into revitalizing the dying
city that's why President Obama came to
Detroit last week to see if all the
money he's been throwing at it is
actually turning things around there's
only one Motor City was on a run of
choice that was the photo-op but what's
the situation on the ground actually
like place if you're in here say
something so you think a house like this
has been used by vagrants almost
definitely you know homeless people or
you can see their clothes
that's not juice sorry to say looks like
someone's been using narcotics in here
you put the heroin in you heat the
heroin up as a as a needle over there
unfortunately much of Detroit is like
this the population has been in decline
since the 1960s but just over the last
ten years there's been a staggering
140,000 foreclosures
this neighborhood is kind of on a mix
it's kind of a neighborhood on the edge
you can look around and see that there's
a lot of vacant buildings you can look
across the street here and see that you
know there's a church that they are
working on here there's some new
construction and then you have a vacant
house I mean it's just horrible to look
at we get calls regularly about vacant
houses and they're typically what you
would imagine they were people selling
drugs people loitering you know I can
definitely tell you that I wouldn't want
it my neighborhood and I wouldn't want
to live around it the deterioration is
known as blight and 130 million dollars
worth of the federal funding has been
directed towards dealing with it
we met the city official who oversees a
program funded by the federal money to
find out what it does
I wonder how much of an improvement this
actually makes for the neighborhood
doing this talking this house down I
could say from here from the residents
every house matters getting everybody
else down how many more years you'll
have to be doing this to get done at the
clipper moving right now about five
years five six years
the reason it's going to take that long
there are about 80,000 abandoned homes
in Detroit
there's phenomenal neighborhoods in
Detroit and they're being held back by
blight but when you get rid of the
blight whether through demolition or
through suing the private property owner
and putting a family in there through
the auction process you attract more
investment of the neighborhoods so the
bottom line our overall goal is to
attract investment to these
neighborhoods I'm glad to see today is
starting to tear down a whole lot more
houses because they all I saw some
people raping killing they use these
houses drug houses you know they're
supposed to tear down at a farm or
greater no rate that they're doing
because if you look around you you see
it's six houses on the same side just on
this block Gail yeah and that's not that
the ones that I just counted yeah so and
this is the first one that they've done
on this first one this is my community
just wide road left it has a little kid
it's been like this boy I hear you man
we got kids here in this neighborhoods
like looks like a war zone
yeah be honest yeah so you demolish the
houses what kind of numbers have you
seen in terms of property values going
up an independent study recently came
out mm-hmm 400 million dollars an
aggregate property increase in the areas
were clustering all of our services and
then work that's was justification for
helping us get the more money out of the
federal government the study he's
talking about was commissioned by rock
ventures in the Skillman foundation it
found that efforts to demolish abandoned
properties sell empty adjacent Lots and
enforce code violations have actually
pushed up nearby home prices by nearly
fourteen percent no small thing in the
city where home values usually only go
down what's the ultimate goal ultimate
goal is to grow the population of the
city but clear out all the abandoned
houses is that possible it's absolutely
possible yeah I mean this is Detroit we
put the world on wheels
these are burnt-out structures overgrown
brush there are even those who have seen
opportunity in the decay driving through
an area that recently saw a demolition
we noticed builders working on a boarded
up house it turned out it too had been
slated for demolition
but an investor gave it a second chance
driving investment properties well a
little five years now one probably at
the time I look for properties like this
and just take my time fixing them up I
forgot to take on two demos this with
the lam banker couple months ago oh you
mean they were planning to demolish it
yes this one and she's the one next door
how much would you have to actually pay
for it 1,400 and then what are you
planning on doing with it oh just
running it out I actually grew up across
the street so I'm just trying to help
keep up the neighborhood so how many
houses on this block that you own five
major landlord in the area absolutely
not only one trying to help the city but
I'm definitely you know bringing the
income for myself as well so it was best
of both worlds so today you've got buses
that are running again streets that are
well lit again new homes and businesses
getting off the ground again because the
auto industry came back that obviously
gave the capacity for Detroit to start
coming back
parts of Detroit are starting to recover
but much of the city still looks like an
urban battlefield so it's still too
early to declare the war on blight 1 and
with recent revelations of a poison
water supply and neighboring Flint the
President may have to wait a while
before running his final victory lap in
Michigan
you
