when countries go shopping for
surveillance tech this is where they
come miller pole in Paris one of the
largest state security Expos in the
world there are hundreds of companies
here who stand to make a lot of money
from the deals they sign and we've come
along to see what's on offer
no pencil no no no there's nothing under
that all right oh you have a knife -
okay
come to me he'll close oh yeah you have
to trust in it yeah cool this is uh this
is gray equivalent so I was terrifying
it's a welcoming atmosphere here there
are people drinking champagne taking
selfies playing with guns and there's a
huge range of equipment on offer from
assault rifles to drones to armored
vehicles to hazmat suits signal jammers
and of course some very powerful
surveillance tank
what we enable is to actually intercept
phone calls gather intelligence in order
to prevent hope from a terror attacks so
you have this rucksack in this box and
you can put it down in a location in a
crowd a protest for instance something
like that and it can intercept 30 phone
calls simultaneously have intended in
that radio this small box so if you're
in a crowded city such as Paris for
example you can be getting as it's as
far as an hour I guess you know when
you're intercepting that many calls you
must be inserting lots of people you
don't want to lots of innocent people
just going about using their phones so
so how do you make sure that you don't
get the wrong people on the core what
the thing is what we would recommend
doing is mass interception of course we
don't want to invade anybody's privacy
but at the end of the day the problem is
is that you can't you can never know
what cell phone
we'll be using another standard was
selling a piece of kit that could rip a
huge amount of data off phones that had
their Wi-Fi switched on
so it's like a facebook profile that you
put in front of me it's like photos its
passwords details about his phone his
devices carrier his connotations his
address his web history but is there a
concern that innocent people may be
caught up in that process you know we
said we sell a car and drive it is your
responsibility
