we take people we're angry at and we put
them in prison prison should be for
people that were afraid of you know you
go to prison you learn how to steal
cheat lie manipulate con gamble and most
importantly you learn you have a verbal
disagreement with somebody they got to
get cut is that really what I went back
on the streets of my community no not so
long ago would have been hard to imagine
that Bernie Kerik would be advocating
for criminal justice reform that's
because for nearly two decades his job
was putting people behind bars he served
in the New York Police Department and as
a corrections officer and eventually ran
Rikers Island penitentiary before
becoming New York City's top cop but
prison changes a man
that's something Carrick find out the
hard way in 2009 when he was sentenced
to four years in a federal penitentiary
after pleading guilty to eight felony
charges including corruption tax fraud
and lying to White House officials the
reason he was talking to White House
officials in the first place is that in
2004 President Bush nominated Carrick to
head the Department of Homeland Security
Bernie Kerik is one of the most
accomplished and effective leaders of
law enforcement in America just a week
later Carrick withdrew his nomination
over questions about the immigration
status of his nanny
and as we now know that turned out to be
just the beginning of his problems we
first met Carrick in 2008 when he was in
the middle of his battle with federal
prosecutors he was calm cool and
collected if not a bit bitter
every cockroach will come out when
you're down they don't have the balls
and they don't have the courage to
attack you up front now after serving 3
years and 11 days in a minimum-security
facility in Cumberland Maryland he says
he sees the way we punish people in a
whole new light he started a nonprofit
organization working for criminal
justice reform and has written a book
about his time in prison called from
jailor to jail yeah hold a book our
criminal justice system is supposed to
treat everyone equally not to insult
anyone in here but if you believe it
does you're either stupid or naive we
went back to Carrick's house in Jersey
to find out if he really is a changed
man so you go to prison for 3 years
during which time you seemed to have a
revelation about the criminal justice
system and you come out you have a new
book and you start a non-profit and I
mean you've pointed out that being a
convicted felon limits one's career
opportunities America loves reformed
sinners and this is you know just
basically one of the few careers you can
go into is this opportunism or is this a
sincere change of heart for you
one the Coalition for criminal justice
that I've created I haven't made a dime
from not a dime nothing in fact I think
at most I've had two train tickets that
it's paid for for me to go to Washington
out of probably 60 trips the number two
for me to make any money for my book
real money I'd have to sell more copies
than the Bible it's not happening this
isn't about money
this isn't about opportunities 'm this
isn't about none of that
this is about flaws and failures that I
saw within this system myself that I
think have to be changed and there are
people that will say why do we listen to
him I think you listen to me because
I've run two of the biggest law
enforcement organizations in this
country and I've also been on the inside
no one with my experience my background
of my success has ever been inside can
you give us some specifics in terms of
what you learned being in prison versus
you know career fighting crime the one
thing that a cop or a law enforcement
executive doesn't see and doesn't
understand is the destruction that the
system causes to individuals to families
to children especially children you
don't see that you know you're focused
on one primary function and that is to
enforce the laws of this country you
want to take the bad guys off the street
and I've done a lot of that and I did it
really well but then I went to prison
and when I was in prison I met young
black men charged with a conspiracy ten
years they didn't have any drugs on him
15 years five grams of cocaine I met
commercial fishermen the court too many
fish there sitting in federal prison I
met a young guy that sold a whale's
tooth on eBay they put him in federal
prison and I came to realize very
quickly there's a whole bunch of people
in prison that didn't necessarily need
prison to pay for their mistakes we have
evolved into a society that we take
people we're angry at and we put them in
prison prison should be for people that
were afraid of you know you go to prison
you learn how to steal cheat lie
manipulate con gamble and most
importantly you learn you have a verbal
disagreement with somebody they got to
get cut is that really what I want back
on the streets of my community No so can
you tell us a bit about your time in
prison there were 300 people in the camp
where I was the reality is
a minimum-security camp is pretty much
an unsecured facility the doors are open
there's no locks there's no fences
you're there basically on an honor
system you have one or two COS that
control the compound you have a
counselor in the building only for eight
hours during the day and then the rest
of the day those inmates in that
building are on their own for most
people what you know sounds like
white-collar prison Club fed that sort
of thing it doesn't sound like uh here's
what I suggest out of here is what I
suggest and those people those people on
the outside they say it's a white-collar
facility it's Club fed it's you know
it's it's a cushy spot the ritz-carlton
is a pretty cushy hotel probably one of
the most cushy in the world go to the
ritz-carlton walk into the bathroom
which is probably bigger than my cubicle
lock yourself in there for a year and
come out and tell me how cushy it was
that's a nonsense the only people that
would find a minimum security facility
cushy is somebody that just came out of
a medium or a maximum security facility
I don't think anybody understands how
profound freedom is the lack of freedom
for someone that's never experienced it
is far more profound than you can even
explain you live in an environment that
is completely stagnant in your whole
world around you goes on without you in
it your kids grow they graduate from
school and then you have major family
events that happen like you have a death
in your family and there ain't a damn
thing you can do for your family my
brother-in-law died while I was in
prison he was 50 years old and there
wasn't nothing I could do to help his
wife all I could do was sit on the other
end of the phone and listen to my wife
and all my family in the background
screaming and wailing and crying and it
makes you Hey
the government it makes you hate society
in general we're paying for guys to sit
in a minimum-security camp and do
nothing but work out read and play games
to me that's pretty stupid we're turning
them into morons that's what we do we're
turning them into morons and we're
paying for it on top of it the Bo P by
law has to give you programs to reduce
recidivism and rehabilitate you
ace programs they call them okay we had
18 when I was in Cumberland and out of
those 18 I'll give you a couple chess
checkers quilting was an ace class are
you kidding me
um navigating eBay navigating eBay
navigating eBay there were no computers
but there's a more important of a far
more important issue they're supposed to
be learning something to reduce
recidivism he's a convicted felon he
can't get a job let's talk about that I
mean what does that label convicted
felon mean to you and in your case I
mean how is that noise you're like this
free up my case convicted felon anyone
anyone that's convicted of a felony in
this country it's a black cloud that
hangs over you until the day you die
your debt to society is never paid you
paid you pay you are punished until the
day you die and punished in what ways
first of all um your possibilities of
employment or 70 to 80 percent
diminished based on your conviction I
know people with master's degrees
doctorates and bachelor's degrees they
can't get work because of that
conviction and then you take these young
kids that come out of the ghetto they
don't have a college degree they know
they don't have a high school degree a
lot of them even if they get it inside
you know I used to teach a life lessons
class and the kids would come to me and
I would push them to get their GED and
they would
look at me and they say listen I'm black
I'm a convicted felon I'm doing time for
drugs I can get all the degrees I want
I'm never getting a job and the
unfortunate sad thing in life is he's
right he's right at what point does a
person pay his debt to society the
Constitution says the punishment must
fit the crime in this country the
punishment does not fit the crime
but isn't the threat of prison also
designed to deter these crimes in the
first place there's a whole bunch of
people in prison today that made
mistakes not knowing they were
committing a crime we're putting them in
prison turning them into criminals for
ethical violations for regulatory
violations for civil violations we turn
them into convicts and then we guarantee
that they're personally and
professionally annihilated where they
can never come back into the u.s.
workforce again that's not good for
America I guess here it sounds like
you're separating out kind of
white-collar crime versus violent crime
so basically arguing that those who have
previously demonstrated some value to
society should be subject to a different
set of rules than others know the
reality is everybody should be subjected
to the same rule but they're not and
we've seen that in black and white
incarceration for drug crimes blacks go
to prison for longer sentences six times
more than whites how's that possible why
is it possible why is it allowed on
violent crime issues we have to protect
society you know put those people in
prison but you know how many drug
offenders first-time nonviolent
low-level drug offenders are being
sentenced to 10 15 years they never had
a problem with the law before
that's absurd it shouldn't happen but
what's the alternative
there's a number of alternatives a
commercial fisherman attaches to
suspend his license but that case is I
forget the gentleman's name you refer to
him the book I mean you make it sound
like you just kind of accidentally
caught too many fish but he was
connected how many fish he caught it was
like a pochamp he's a poacher right
first of all there's there's a couple
issues the commercial fishermen the
catch is too many fish if he
accidentally caught the fish or he
intentionally caught too many fish or
whatever the case may be there's a way
to deal with it without turning him into
a convicted felon suspend his license
find him hit him in the pocketbook take
his fish take his fish several times
make him do community service make him
do something but we don't do that we
take a whole bunch of those guys to
catch too many fish and we turn them in
come in two convicted felons and you
know what we do we take the boat we take
his license forever forever so he's
punished forever the guy started fishing
at 17 he's now 55 it's the only thing
he's ever done in his whole life so we
guarantee for the rest of his life not
for that 18 months he's in prison for
the rest of his life he can't do the
only job he knows he loses the boat the
six people on the boat lose their job
the wife loses the job and it goes on
and on
right I mean let's take two examples you
have Joe the fisherman who accidentally
caught too many fish and is in violation
of the Lacey Act and and you find him
and you hurt his business and he feels
the sting and he learns his lesson and
he pays the price
but versus Phil the fisherman who was
actively engaged in a very organised
poaching operation from which he
profited millions of dollars every year
who takes a financial penalty as just
kind of the cost of doing business it
makes it sound like just kind of a tax
on crime and for only the times that a
person does actually get caught there
should be due process it's sort of like
when you you correct your child
you correct your child you tell your
child don't do this and you smack him
once on the hand and he kind of gets it
but maybe doesn't get it maybe comes
back and does it again
well then maybe gets three cracks or
maybe has to stand in the corner - or
maybe you take away is something that he
loves I think there should be due
process guy makes a mistake he's
punished makes a mistake again
maybe he's punished again maybe more
severe third time all right then you go
after a criminally we don't do none of
that right to prison let's go right to
prison bang everybody goes to prison I
want to make it clear I'm not saying
that people can't be punished people
that threaten society violent predators
people that engage in violent behavior
they may deserve prison they may deserve
prison for a long time maybe life other
people they may have to go to prison -
but not at the lengths of time we put
them there and there are many many
people that don't need prison to get it
in their head they made a mistake and
nobody on Washington has figured that
out yet my administration has taken
steps on our own to reduce our federal
federal prison population so I signed a
bill reducing the hundred and one
sentencing disparity between crack and
powder cocaine
I've commuted the sentences of dozens of
people sentenced under old drug laws
that we now recognize we're unfair and
yesterday I announced that I'm commuting
dozens more last time we met was 2008
you were pretty vocal about your lack of
enthusiasm for President Obama and I'm
curious looking back what you think of
his presidency but especially in
relation to criminal justice reform look
I the reality is I don't agree with much
of the president politics but I will
tell you this I have completely
supported everything he's talked about
doing with regard to criminal justice
reform because I think given what I've
seen personally criminal justice reform
should be one of the top five domestic
issues sitting on the President's desk
whether it's this president or the next
president wherever that may be what's
your opinion of how the Republicans have
responded to the president's initiatives
I think some of the Republicans are
trying to do the right thing
last year Van Jones Newt Gingrich um put
together a symposium in Washington a
number of Democratic congressmen and
Senators showed up to talk about
criminal justice reform Republicans
didn't show up at all to send a video to
me that sends a message I'm a Republican
you know what
Republicans have to do more there's
obviously something politically
dangerous about taking this on as an
issue otherwise it would seem that you'd
see presidential candidates in 2016
championing something that it could
potentially improve American society and
save a ton of money you know you
know what the danger is to them to the
politicians they're scared to death that
they're gonna look soft on crime in the
federal system you've got 30,000 minimum
security prisoners sitting in camps that
have no locks on the doors and no fences
around them they're they're on an honor
system you know how much that is in cash
that's 690 million dollars who does
benefit from that
the prison industry they gain a real
positive result and it's all lucrative
it's an 80 billion dollar a year
industry they're a lobbyist on top of
lobbyists in Washington that are pushing
for mandatory minimums that are pushing
for those minimum security cams to like
have as many people in them as possible
the thing that kills me is that the
members of the House and Senate they
know it they know it because those
lobbyists go to them for these laws
they've got to have the courage to do
their job they've got to have the
courage to do the right thing for the
American people and they got to get
beyond this thing where they're scared
to death to do anything because they're
gonna look soft on crime is there a kind
of a schism in people seeking criminal
justice reform I mean with people
focused on over criminalization on one
side and kind of low-level offenders on
another side they here's the problem
they all agree to some extent that
there's a problem whether it's on the
drug offense side or whether it's on the
white-collar side the key is making them
come together with some real
common-sense change okay and you know
for example the left they don't want to
hear about putting mens rea or intent in
the criminal law in the federal law
they're giving you know that's a big
problem for them because they say you
know well then that's an out for the
regulatory violations what's an example
of a regulatory body uh somebody dumps
is somebody dumps garbage into a
waterway or whatever the case may be
into a stream that goes into a river
that you know pollutes something okay
well they think they should be held
accountable and they think that should
be criminal well first of all it's a
regulatory issue but here's my here's my
problem with that
if the guy didn't know that he was doing
that and had no criminal intent to do
that why do you turn him into a
convicted felon
but that criminal intent issue also has
a major impact on those young black kids
because they can get caught up in a
conspiracy a third or fourth party
conspiracy they don't even know the
primary target of the investigation they
walk up on a street corner somewhere and
buy a dime bag of cocaine from somebody
that is a target and they drag them into
the conspiracy and they stand them up in
court and say you know you have to plead
guilty that you you know you
intentionally possessed and you know
attempted to distribute 2 kilos of
cocaine that kids never seen 2 kilos of
cocaine but they charge them with the
same weight that the target is that the
targets being charged with that kind of
stuff shouldn't happen and it happens so
what do you want to do next
I mean after after you solve a criminal
justice reform
do they know solving that um I
don't know I don't know yeah what else
I have no idea
