 the trainees I mean at a certain
point I don't think any anybody to file
a grievance through any international
tribunal saying that Canada has reneged
on its responsibilities under whatever
treaty by selling marijuana I'd sounds
like a lot of to me hey welcome
to a very special canadian edition of on
the line today we're going to be talking
about canada and how the country might
change and shift especially after
elected our new prime minister justin
trudeau and I'm neelu tabrizi I'm a
journalist here at vice news and as you
may have seen all over me I'm secretly
but not secretly Canadian and today
joining me we have Justin link from Vice
Canada he's our parliamentary
correspondent and he's gonna help us out
in fielding some questions hey Justin
hey guys how's it goin oh pretty good
pretty good friday Justin a new thanks
you both for being here today we've got
a bunch of people Canadians and non
Canadians who are excited to talk to you
and if anybody else wants to know
something just tweet us and we'll
probably read it so let's go ahead and
get started with our first skype guest
and this is Alex who's calling us from
somewhere in Canada hey where are you
somewhere in Canada uh pretty much the
middle of nowhere uh yeah I could show
you I guess oh it's like right now bit
cold anyways I'm calling to ask about a
marijuana legalization and how the
government is planning on moving forward
with it because as I'm sure you're aware
there's a couple of international
treaties that prohibit the production
and possession of marijuana so I was
wondering if you had any ideas how the
government was going to get around those
obstacles okay so there are apparently
these treaties that prohibit marijuana I
don't know what they are and no one's
actually told me what they are this is a
news story that came out the last couple
days saying the Trudeau government's
gonna have a headache actually
legalizing marijuana because apparently
some international treaty forbids of
doing so that probably sounds a lot of
 to me it sounds to me like
people just kind of trying to figure out
reasons why this thing's not going to
work we're not going to work as quickly
as the turtle government wants to but
the fact is legalization is happening
the
no real legal way to stop it if the
Canadian government wants to legalize
marijuana it's fully within his response
its authority to do so but the sidebar
of this is it's gonna take a while I
don't think the turtle government wants
to just forge ahead and just slap this
all across the country in the real short
term though a lot of the provinces right
now sound like the pretty supportive of
the idea of actually legalizing Ontario
has recently said that they're open to
selling marijuana in government-run
alcohol stores so you might actually see
the provinces come out and start
advocating this and getting raw raw
about it but at the same time I think
we're waiting at least a year maybe two
years before we see this actually start
to happen and we actually are able to
pick up a dime bag at the corner store
kind of a bummer but at the same time I
think people are excited enough that
it's gonna happen that they're willing
to wait another 12 months or so okay so
I guess it sounds like maybe might go a
bit of the river the Netherlands where
it's got like tolerance but officially
not breaking the trees or do you think
they're just gonna forget the trees
altogether the trainees I mean at a
certain point like I don't think any
anybody to take file a grievance through
any international tribunal saying that
Canada has reneged on its
responsibilities under whatever treaty
by selling marijuana I mean that's
absurd the Canadian government has the
authority to regulate and tax whatever
it feels like so long as it's not
disadvantaged in foreign corporations I
don't see any sort of like actual trade
agreements going through it sounds like
a lot of to me alright well
thanks for answer awesome thank you for
your question yeah Alex thank you for
calling us and guys we've got a couple
of tweets I want to take a look at this
one's from at mud to dirt um and he
wants its name Steve fissile old blood
to dirt yeah he wants to know are there
any signs that Canadian mining companies
might face greater scrutiny or sanctions
under Justin agree as government what do
you guys think well first I think before
Justin answers that dressing can you
maybe give our audience a little bit of
a background about what this looked like
under Harper and kind of what this tweet
is directed at right so for years in
this country from 10 to 15 years
canadian mining has become a huge
industry canada houses something like 80
the seventy percent
of all the world's mining companies we
have operations everywhere from Eastern
Europe to South America Africa the
Canadian North our mining companies
things like Barrick Gold I am gold gold
core our massive conglomerates worth
billions of dollars most of them are
headquartered in Toronto Calgary or
Vancouver so these guys have been
accused of doing some really horrible
 everything from gang rapes that
keep happening at certain mines in South
America to huge environmental disasters
that have happened in Eastern Europe to
straight up fueling and arming armed
conflict in places like the Democratic
Republic of the Congo Canadian mining
companies have again and again again
been singled out as being culprits okay
mining companies are responsible for
more human rights and environmental
abuses than any other country if
anything on a per capita basis we are
reminded companies are infinitely worse
than those other countries so we have a
problem right now the Harper government
kind of talked a good game about wanting
to fix this but every time they had the
opportunity they pushed back and made
sure that there was no actual reform
taking place it got to the point where
the mining industry itself was asking
for more regulations and the Harper
government wouldn't do it so you know
this was a problem the good news is that
the Trudeau government immediately said
we're going to do something about this
there's a guy in the liberal party whose
name is John McKay who introduced
legislation years ago trying to
basically pull any government funding
for mining companies that have been
implicated in abuse unfortunately that
didn't happen because the Harper
government totally kibosh the idea I got
to talk to him after the Trudeau
government one and he told me he's super
optimistic that they're gonna actually
go above and beyond that they're going
to probably create an office and that
offices entire job is going to be to
oversee the mining industry and
basically reprimand any company caught
acting badly so short answer yes yes yes
I mean how difficult do you think it is
to actually pull off a big change like
that I mean what's it going to take uh
so some of the infrastructure is already
there they have basically a voluntary
reporting mechanism that allows
individuals to inform countries to
report abuses by canadian mining so
under the
government they had this system whereby
they had a commissioner and her job was
to intake complaints and so initially
there's a bunch of optimism you had
people in South America coming to Canada
coming to this Commissioner and saying
hey listen this mining company has done
some really terrible can you look
into this in one case there is a
basically beatings and possibly an
assassination of several union activists
in South America and the KA mining
company was totally implicated in it the
Commissioner was basically toothless
they would start investigating but it
was very very clear from the outset that
that Commissioner had no you know no
investigative power no power to subpoena
anybody basically if the corporation
didn't want to participate in the
process the process wouldn't happen but
the infrastructure is there if you gave
that office actual teeth and you bumped
it up and gave them the ability to
compel witnesses or actually you know
subpoenaed documents right there you
have a huge improvement on what we've
had before so you might see something
like that happen but it you know it's
actually feasible because you have the
staff you have the resources you have
the you know the physical space all you
have to do is give them the power they
need awesome Justin you're smart I'm
glad you work for us this is exciting
okay all right well I hope that answered
your question mud the dirt and you know
without any further ado let's go to her
friend Scott Jones who's calling us from
London not Ontario this is the United
Kingdom women look out the bad London hi
guys hi welcome to the show how are you
very well I must rest I live with an
American heads that's behind me awesome
so what Canadian riddles can we solve
for you today okay what first question
uh the monarchy um I was wondering
actually what the general feeling is
with regards to the monarchy and the
future of the monarchy in Canada and if
that will change in any way shape or
form with regards to the new government
that you have that would be your first
question I'm Justin I will let you feel
this Oh as much as I would love to say
that this government is going to abolish
the monarchy and turn canada into a
republic of some sort it's not gonna
happen Trudeau loves the monarchy he has
I'm sure some sort of vague liberal
crush on the Queen if anything the
institution's going to get stronger
in the previous government was all about
the monarchy this government probably
gonna try to top them on it though I'll
say this there was one moment where we
actually had the gas minor monarchy
squabble when the turtle government
first won the Harper government had put
up these giant portraits of the Queen
inside our foreign affairs building and
it was all minute they basically took
down this great Canadian painters work
put up a portrait of the Queen and
everyone kind of got uncomfortable
because putting up Johnny ports of the
queen is not a very Canadian thing to do
so when Trudeau won one of the first
things they did was take down the
portrait put the original paintings back
up and the monarchist League which I
learned is a real thing what apeshit and
it was like a minor political scandal
which was the worst scandal of all time
but unfortunately it people still still
seem to have some vague attachment to
the Queen oh well can't win them all
though fair enough do you have another
Canadian conundrum for us oh yes okay so
my second question would be um do you
know how did NATO react when you guys
pulled out of a Syria that your boy
their force pulled out of Syria um and
the fact that you're part of five guide
at five eyes even your the same
intelligence that we have etc etc and I
wasn't too sure how that affected your
standing with within NATO there's a good
question so first thing is we haven't
actually pulled out against the fight
against the Islamic state yes are
actually our fighter jets are still
pounding targets in Iraq and Syria
actually we've stepped up the amount of
airstrikes we've done in recent weeks
we've actually been running airstrikes
almost every day especially through
Christmas in the new year and we've
totally stepped up on Romney campaign
and we've been in some pretty important
missions the turtle government keeps
saying it still wants to pull those Jets
out though there's now some skepticism
that they might actually flip flop and
say they're gonna leave them there we
have the impression that there was
definitely pressure put on from NATO
from the United States and from the
Iraqi and Kurdish government asking
Trudeau to leave the fighter jets there
and we get the sense that they might
actually be
bending on that request I actually got
to sit down with a chairperson of NATO
as well as representative from the
Kurdistan government and they actually
pretty cool about this they don't want
to come out and start pressuring Canada
publicly they're definitely asking
behind closed doors but publicly what
they're saying is Canada can do whatever
it wants so long as it's not going to
step back from the mission entirely and
it going to make up the the ending of
the bombing campaign with something else
like humanitarian aid or training
missions we're pretty happy at the same
time NATO is also relying on Canada to
contribute serious air air power and
training capacity in Ukraine and Eastern
Europe for a mission for two different
missions there so I don't think NATO is
exactly frustrated with us yet i don't
think it's happy that we're pulling out
our fighter jets from the fight against
the Islamic state but at the same time
that's not actually a NATO mission so I
don't think it's you know kind of
totally upset the relationship and when
it comes to five eyes Canada's actually
stepped up its intelligence sharing
contribution over the last couple years
so I only imagine the Americans are even
more happy with us when it comes to
spying both at home and abroad so the
Snowden documents that were released
over the last like six months show the
Canada is an integral partner in tapping
the fiber optic cables that run
underneath the atlantic ocean and that
basically can make up the internet so i
imagine that you know well there might
be a little bit annoyed that we're
pulling out against the fight against
the Islamic state they're still happy
that we're stepping up elsewhere and
it's worth noting that we're looking at
leaving our other plans there so what we
might stop actually bombing Isis we
might leave our surveillance and
refuelling aircraft which are also
pretty important for the air mission so
I they don't seem happy but I don't
think it's the end of the world just um
a quick one on that is we had a lot of
whom are here in our Parliament with
regards to bombing Syria and we had a
vote it failed and then Obama didn't
bother having a vote in America because
he knew it would fell we've had a vote
go go through now which has been based
upon their 70,000 ground troops etc
which we basically one of his BS um did
Canada have a similar kind of
in your Parliament because if you did it
wasn't covered here we did we did though
it was under a majority government from
Stephen Harper so it was pretty clear
from the get-go that that was going to
be approved is interesting because it
doesn't look like Trudeau's gonna hold
the similar vote he's actually will
probably pull out the fighter jets would
not let Parliament have a vote on that
which is kind of interesting but we did
have a bit of a moment where it almost
looked like this vote might not go
through hey maybe I was no that likely
that i was going to fail but the bombing
mission in Syria isn't technically legal
under Canadian law there were really
international law because we haven't
declared war on that government
therefore we're kind of bombing a
country that we haven't declared war on
and that hasn't actually asked us to
bomb so there's a bit of awkwardness
there but we kind of just ignored it and
just moved on so we're just it's vaguely
illegal but it's sort of like yeah it's
like you know it sort of illegal like
yeah I'm not wearing my seatbelt but I'm
also in the middle of Alberta and
there's no cops for a hundred miles so
it's not it's a lawless area who gives a
 yeah cool okay last question to
both the view what's your favorite
cheese Justin I know you're passionate
on this there's a really good Dragon's
Breath cheese that is made in like rural
Nova Scotia that I have like serious
dreams about I used to buy it at the
farmers market in Halifax and like I
like flashbacks about that cheese it's
so good I'm not really a cheese
nationalist I will take any Buddha
anytime anywhere so yeah it's all gouda
for me uh not great I mean I'm an
immigrant what do you want no borders
next question well I hope I hope we
answered your Canadian questions and
made you uncomfortable with our cheese
answers and thank you for coming on
thank you yes Scott thanks for asking
those questions and putting up with our
cheese related puns and so um before
when we go on to our next skype caller
we got the street a couple minutes ago
from Ryan
who wants to know are there the CPC
that's the conservative party of canada
and their senator is being backed into
corner / pit of death on electoral
reform so Justin what's going on with
electoral reform give us a little bit of
the backstory and are the CPC being
backed into the proverbial pit of death
this is actually super interesting so
during the campaign Justin Trudeau
promised that the last election held
months ago will be the last election
ever with the first-past-the-post system
the first-past-the-post system being
that whoever gets the most votes wins
the result of that is that because we
have a basically four to five party
system is that we have a lot of people
who win with twenty seven thirty thirty
two percent of the vote and you have a
government elected with you know thirty
thirty two percent of the vote or so so
it's not a good system no one really
accepts that it's a good system we've
always kind of wanted to change it but
it becomes such a headache to figure out
what to replace it with when two
provinces pei in British Columbia had
their own referenda on trying to change
the system voters opted to stick with
the status quo because the other
alternatives were too complicated and
weird so Trudeau's promised it the last
lecture will be the last one would first
past the post and everyone kind of
assumed that the result would be they
would draw up a couple of options we one
or two and they'd have a national
referendum to decide which one they're
gonna go with the problem is that as
soon as Trudeau got elected he said oh
no sorry guys we're just gonna change it
tough so there's gonna be no vote
the canadian population is not gonna
have any say in what the new voting
system looks like and people are kind of
freaking out about that and the
Conservative Party has particularly gone
after this saying we're not going to let
you change the voting system without
holding a referendum it's only fair the
Canadians get to approve or deny the
system and how they're gonna let the
next government otherwise it can be
unfair undemocratic because it looks
like the Liberals are gonna pick a
system that's going to benefit them the
most and obviously that makes people
uncomfortable because the Liberals could
be creating a system that would keep
them in power for most of forever so
anyway the Conservatives have said their
tactic right now because they have the
they don't have enough seats in the
House of Commons to do anything about it
is to hold up any legislation that
changes our electoral system in the
Senate our Senate is the worst it is
full
of Old Party activists and fundraisers
and corrupt idiots who are not elected
who were appointed for life or until
they're 75 or 85 I forget and they're
generally regarded as totally useless to
have them hold up legislation is super
undemocratic and doesn't happen very
often so it's sort of a deal with the
devil here if the Conservatives use
their Senators try to hold it this
legislation yeah it's good because
they're doing it to give us a democratic
voice but they're also using a really
undemocratic and shitty system to do it
so yeah I don't I think the conservative
senators will get on board and and hold
up legislation if it comes to that I
don't think any much cajoling I think
this is this is actually kind of the
only thing the Senate it was supposed to
be used for was to ensure that the
majority in the House of Commons can't
railroad the rest of the country so i
don't think the conservative party needs
to do much convincing through their
senators to try to get them to actually
hold this up all right well Ryan I hope
we answered your question and Justin
that was certainly enlightening for me
and so hey we got two people calling us
on skype at the same time imagine that
let's go ahead and say hey to Diana and
Michelle hey hey how are you good good
so what questions do you have for us
today um so I have two questions for
either of you I just want to preface
this by saying my parents were
Vietnamese refugees and I think what um
Justin Trudeau's done is really great
but our plan to increase the number of
Syrian refugees we're taking in does
that affect how many refugees were
taking in from other countries for
example there's a lot of row hanga
Muslims fleeing Burma right now so does
that affect immigration or the number of
our Fugees we can take from other parts
of the world the short answer is yes but
no the the right answer is that yes it
probably does I mean you're talking
about a department which is now
completely overworked that does not have
enough staff to even deal with the
25,000 we're trying to bring it right
now they're totally overworked totally
overburdened it's a bit of a disaster
making it work they're doing a
spectacular job All Things Considered
but the government has basically said
we're not going to allow this to affect
quotas for other refugees so in practice
we should still on paper be taking in
the exact same number of refugees anyway
in addition to the 25 thousand Syrians
practically though it might mean that
we're not giving enough you know due
diligence to some of the other refugee
applications it might be a further
backlog I've spoken to people who
basically told me there's already a huge
waiting list that is getting longer for
permanent resident applications which is
unrelated to the refugee file all
together but simply because there's so
many people being diverted at
Citizenship and Immigration Canada to
dealing with the Syrian refugee question
everything else is sort of suffering so
the actual effect might not be all that
much it might just be that some other
refugees have to wait a couple more
months or that they are you know here in
Canada but are waiting longer and longer
to actually have a judgment on the case
so the actual effect might not be
tremendous but it does look like there's
gonna be something at the same time the
actual numbers of people coming in
shouldn't change so I don't think it's
gonna be you know a huge boon doggle or
anything along those lines but yeah but
probably be some sort of impact thanks
and my second question is about
pipelines um because our economy is
based on resources it seems like a
necessary evil but do we know how he
will address land rights and
environmental the environmental costs
when we continue to rely on pipelines
well Trudeau's made this big kind of
show about wanting to reform how we
approve or deny pipelines in this
country which is a good thing because
the previous system was absolutely
horrible and it probably will still be
horrible but less horrible it didn't the
day the prime minister still has a lot
of authority to approve deny pipelines
kind of arbitrarily Trudeau said he
would support Keystone kind of no matter
what he said he would oppose the
Northern Gateway pipeline almost
absolutely though I think he might
actually reverse herself on that either
way the new process is supposed to take
more into account environmental
questions as well as First Nations
rights whether or not that's going to be
sufficient is still kind of up in the
air
lot of indigenous and aboriginal
Canadians have made the case that you
know there's going to be no you know
reasonable pipeline system unless it can
actually bring in Aboriginal peoples
from the get-go and right now we have
its net for any pipeline project so it's
hard to say that you know that the first
station is ever gonna be happy with the
system because it's already gone so far
along with whatever bringing them to the
table in the first place right now
there's only really three pipeline
projects you've given the fact that
Keystone got it got rejected in the
States there's only three pipeline
projects on the table and it looks like
at least one or two of them is going to
go through you have energy East which
would bring Alberta oil to the east
coast quebec or new brunswick that is
facing a lot of Opposition throughout
Ontario Quebec but it looks like that's
going through it's not the biggest
project they're really just retrofitting
some other lines and adding a couple
extensions then you've got a northern
gateway which is supposed to bring
Alberta oil to the northern coast of
British Columbia that project is almost
certainly dead in the water there's so
much opposition to it it's such a
dangerous route to go I would be
surprised to see that ever actually
happen and then you have the other one
which is named I'm forgetting because I
don't know I haven't finished my third
cup of coffee today but basically it's
twinning another pipeline it's going to
go through the northern British Columbia
there's a pipeline that already exists
they're just going to increase the
capacity for it they still have the
question of how they're gonna get the
oil out of British Columbia to say China
that's an open question right now to be
honest it feels like it's so far off in
the distance that any of these projects
is actually get done that we have no
idea what the price of oil is gonna be
when we get there so there's a lot of
uncertainty in the energy economy right
now and there's not a lot of appetite to
start any new pipeline project so the
question might be kind of answered
before Trudeau ever actually address it
Thanks I have a question about bill c-51
it was such a hot election issue it's
all anybody was talking about and Justin
Trudeau kept saying that a Liberal
government would repeal the bill when
they got in power it seems since then
there's really been no talk of it since
does he have any actual concrete plans
to do anything yeah so in the liberal
platform they actually wall
through a lot of the amendments they
want to make they want to increase
oversight give members of parliament
more ability to look at how CSIS and CSC
are two main spy agencies CSIS being the
one that does human intelligence and
spies on people you know in a black van
outside your apartment and CSC is the
one that's listening to all your phone
calls or reading your emails so between
the two of them Justin Trudeau wants to
create a committee of parliamentarians
to oversee how they actually spy on us
but he also wants to remove some of the
aspects of c-51 this really broad
anti-terrorism legislation to make sure
that some of the stuff in there is less
crazily unconstitutional because almost
every constitutional scholar in Canada
looked at this bill and said like whoa
you that you can't do that there's a
section of the bill that says that CSIS
can apply to it can basically do
whatever it wants to disrupt a threat
and we don't know what really what
disrupt means but it could be anything
from you know pouring you know sugar in
your gas tank too I don't know like
tying you up in a basement and leaving
you there we don't really know what
they're actually allowed to do and
normally in this sort of thing you go
okay well we have constitutional rights
and those can't be broken except the
bill said that if it's CeCe's agent goes
before a judge it can apply to ignore
our constitutional rights which is not a
thing they're allowed to do you can't
just say we're gonna ignore all your
rights as a citizen that's some crazy
nonsense so anyway Trudeau is going to
repeal that section that we think that's
what he kept saying but it's an
interesting question because Trudeau is
totally not the civil libertarian that's
blood made him out to be he's still
supportive of the of c-51 generally he
was been supportive of other legislation
that allows say ceases to go abroad and
conduct missions overseas he's been
supportive of legislation that allows
police to obtain our data without a
warrant he's been supportive of
legislation that might allow
intelligence obtained via torture to be
used in terror cases so there's still
some skepticism about what he actually
plans to do and it was actually I've
spoken to some intelligence experts who
basically said that his new system of
kind of oversight might actually result
in more spying because when you allow
the Prime Minister or his ministers to
have approval of these projects it might
just lead to them saying
s more often whereas the previous system
you know was more you know more of a
rules-based one where you didn't have
you know the minister sitting in a desk
listening to a bunch of intelligence
agents pitch them on some broad
surveillance project instead you had a
system whereby the you know the prime
minister said you know I'm not going to
give you carte blanche to do this you do
this and the courts will decide whether
or not it's legal it's not my job so
it's a really interesting conundrum and
I'll be actually really interested to
see what he actually does I expect
there'll be some sort of legislation
coming forward probably by februari or
march that's gonna address a lot of
these questions so we'll be watching
that pretty closely great thanks awesome
thank you for asking your questions yeah
Dan and Michelle thank you for coming on
so guys I we have a couple more tweets I
want you to take a look at I i love
tweets who doesn't love tweets so
Alberto rabbit I was wondering if the
liberal party of canada will carry on
with the conservative party of canada's
policies as they have for the past 30
years and I'm it kind of gave us a
specific they're mentioning the fact
that Trudeau is actually suing the US
over the Keystone XL pipeline denial so
what do you think i will the
Conservative Party actually excuse me
well the Liberal Party actually mean a
big departure for from the previous
policies okay well so true know himself
is not suing America under NAFTA over
the Keystone decisions actually
TransCanada the pipeline company they're
the ones doing it Trudeau himself a
supportive of Keystone but you know he
doesn't have the authority to sue them
and that lawsuit is mostly for show that
decision will actually come down for
their five years or something absurd so
it's mostly a PR stunt more than an
actual deagle challenge that's it
Trudeau has a lot in common with the
Conservative Party you know deliberately
true himself talks a good game on a lot
of kind of left knee issue that the left
really likes you know he's for
legalizing marijuana you know he's kind
of talks about state surveillance in a
good way he talks good about the
environment first nations in the
environment or two things that he's
actually pretty progressive and
left-wing on so we actually had some
pretty good bona fides there except does
support certain pipelines that have been
controversial on the other side though
Trudeau is not always that left wing I
mean his party
is not always a left-wing party his
party's kind of a centrist can be little
right center right can be a little
center left that's how the Liberal Party
has always kind of operated so you know
one good example is sex work you know
the liberal party a little party gets
associated with being against the most
recent sex work legislation that
basically criminalized purchasing sex
work but Trudeau himself is actually
pretty supportive of that he criticized
the government about how they introduced
the legislation but he actually supports
criminalizing sex work it's kind of
interesting dichotomy between how he
feels about marijuana versus I feel
about sex work and you know I think a
lot of folks are going to be
disappointed when he comes out and
really keeps defending the government's
legislation the previous government
legislation around prostitution there's
a whole bunch of the things like that
and I think we're going to see a lot
more of them in the coming a couple of
months but I think it also kind of
depends on how he wants to what he wants
to pursue as Prime Minister he's already
committed to a new legislation to expand
and promote LGBTQ rights new legislation
to help transgender people and so you
know if he decides to he could spend
four years doing only super lefty
progressive stuff but I think a lot of
the things they're gonna thrown at him
you're going to see him essentially
double down at some of the policies of
Stephen Harper so I have a question I
mean when we're talking about you know
how different world Trudeau's Canada be
from harper's canada there's a lot of
things that Harper did that made our
country look pretty shitty and I think
the one that sticks out for me is a
Canadian living abroad is that there's a
law passed that said that if you've
lived outside of Canada for five or more
years you can no longer vote the last
election is the last one that I voted in
so to change something like that I mean
can Trudeau do it is there an appetite
to specifically change that is that kind
of being swept under the rug I mean what
do you think the best is the best my
knowledge is a constitutional challenge
on exactly act that voting question so
well I kind of see maybe they might wait
and see how that goes before they do
anything that's it's a good question i
don't know what Trudeau would do is
specifically on that there's also submit
there's also misunderstanding about that
law basically if you can still claim a
residence in Canada you're allowed to
vote which a lot of people didn't
realize so if you're
parents to live in Canada you consider
that I guess secondary residents you're
still actually able to vote as far as I
know so there's a lot of people coming
out saying I can't vote and then would
later find out that they actually able
to vote so unquestioned like that is
interesting candidates standing in the
world is one of those things that
Canadians obsess about we always freak
out about how the rest of the world sees
us and we always with this weirdly
distorted view about how important we
are sometimes we think we're super
important and weird you know cheering
peace agreements and we're doing
peacekeeping and then sometimes we kind
of get really down on ourselves and
think oh you know the world hates us now
this the fact is Canada's reputation in
the world hasn't changed in 20 30 years
people see us roughly now as they did
under the previous government center
liberal conservative government's past
not allowed has change and actually
under Stephen Harper Canada had a pretty
left-wing foreign policy we went around
the world criticizing African states for
you know maintaining horrible records
for human rights and LGBTQ rights we you
know slap around China when it came to
it we openly criticized a lot of
governments that you know the America or
Europe wouldn't criticize we are also
super hypocritical on some things we
would criticize Saudi Arabia sometimes
but keep selling them weapons other
times so there's always a bit of
cognitive dissonance about Canadian
foreign policy but Stephen Harper did a
relatively good job I mean you know he
worked aggressively to fund groups like
grassroots guerrilla groups in Africa
and the Middle East who were promoting
gay rights women's rights and various
other human rights causes so there's
there was good things happening there
and it's funny Trudeau now talk to talks
this big game about bringing Canada back
but the end result is that you know he
might not be as vocal on some of these
issues as Harper was we've already seen
him commit ardently to continuing
trading heavy weaponry to Saudi Arabia
we've seen him go to the Philippines and
to other nations with crap human rights
records and say absolutely nothing we've
seen him you know kind of put a really
watered down hand ring statements about
human rights but then you know go to
Turkey and not raise the plight of
journalists who are being detained there
so
there's actually it'll be interesting to
watch whether or not true I decided to
fall more in this cosmopolitan
everybody's our friend by and said or
whether or not he goes abroad and sticks
up for Human Rights that candidate it
pretends to promote yeah I mean it'll be
interesting he is one of the greenest
Prime Minister's we've had in terms of
experience and pedigree other than being
are you know very sexy family dynasty
and Canadian politics so it'll be
interesting to see what he does yeah I
mean I'm not super optimistic to be
totally honest I mean one great one is
Iran we talked about this earlier I did
the former government broke ties with
Iran kicked out the Iranian diplomats
here in Canada took our diplomats back
home and closed our embassy there and in
the process the Canadian government
started seizing Iranian assets in Canada
and selling them off to help compensate
victims of terrorism that it was linked
back to the Iranian government at the
same time can to begin more openly
criticizing the Iranian government about
various human rights records and
basically called a spade a spade in the
election of the new government in Iran
and said you know despite the
happy-go-lucky attitude the executions
are continuing the crackdown that
protesters are continuing in x y&z and
started more engaging with Iranian
dissidents here in Canada the new
government is promised they're going to
reopen that embassy in Iran and
normalize relationships with the Iranian
government and a lot of people are
asking why what are we going to get from
glad-handing and hugging the the you
know the Ayatollah and Iran given the
fact that you know we're not friendly
States we have no trading relationship
and there's not a whole lot of purpose
for us becoming buddies again with a
horribly autocratic state yeah i mean i
understand that i guess just for me like
as a iranian canadian born in iran and
immigrated to canada when I was really
young for having the average just like
casual immigrant experience where like
I'm not tied to the state nothing regime
is just is disappointing to like live as
an immigrant in the country and have
that relationship lomatic relationship
from my home country my new country be
severed so I'm kind of curious to see
how that might change and what it might
mean because it currently sucks for me
and for a lot of other Ronnie and
Canadians at home
that's true that's a great answer say
anything to that so hey guys we're we're
pretty much at the end of the show but
there's one question left to address and
this one came from at dope snacks on
Twitter we want to know and be objective
here which province of Canada in your
opinion produces the finest maple syrup
Justin the other and he thought select
it's obviously cool back obviously
Quebec for sure I i lived in checotah me
Quebec five hours north of Montreal for
a summer just to get an amazing cultural
experience I loved it up there no
sarcasm best maple syrup I've ever had
it was thick it was awesome and made
Aunt Jemima look like a loser so I loved
it yeah I mean look you go to a good
come out of succour Sugar Shack
somewhere and go back and get like maple
syrup dipped in snow like that is a
delicacy yeah that's oh gee Canadian
it's amazing oh yeah all right well with
that now just then why don't you say
goodbye to everybody watching at home
goodbye everybody watching at home and
Neelu anything you want to say um thank
you for watching and I'm excited to see
what happens in Canada in the future
