I always feel my ancestors out in this
field with me I still can hear songs I
stay they feel oh I'll stay there fee
stay there fee until the war's ended on
a quiet chain of islands off the South
Carolina and Georgia coast is an almost
forgotten community called the Gullah or
Geechee people more than anywhere else
in America they've held on to traditions
their ancestors brought from Africa
they've stayed on the isolated former
plantation land where those ancestors
were once enslaved and developed a
cultural language known as Gullah
it seems pretty isolated back here Oh
see now that's what we call insulated so
we feel like we're insulated and kind of
kept warmed and keep our culture alive
away from the mainland culture so sure
if you went just across the crumple
bridges and you ended up on the mainland
you'll hear people speaking like this
and then you come across onto these 100
a Yeti people the cracker teeth like
they show all day long I think like a
dead end they say huh mark had a good
one also known as Queen wet still lives
on the land where her
great-great-grandfather was enslaved
five generations ago we have okra we
plant peanuts cantaloupe watermelon the
same things that my great-great
grandfather planted here and he was the
person that actually obtained this land
in 1862 so my family has continuously
owned it legally since then but he was
actually enslaved here hundreds of
plantations ran down the South Carolina
and Georgia coast in an area known as
the Sea Islands after the civil war
broke out the islands were abandoned by
the plantation owners and thousands of
people were eventually able to buy the
land they were once enslaved on but
today the landscape is changing folks
come in with bulldozers and the first
thing we defeat is they want to dig up
what we've already had for all these
generations and then they want to build
something that's antithetical to our
culture
Golf Courses Resort in condos I've
replaced Gullah communities
Hilton Head Island was the first to be
developed once home to about 300 Gullah
families the 42 square mile island is
now home to 26 golf courses it brings in
2 million tourists a year and is
considered one of the top vacation
destinations in the United States Gullah
burial grounds dating back to the days
of slavery are now the back yards
million-dollar condos in opulent gated
communities that new logos fondly call
plantations that development boom is
slowly spreading to other areas nearby
you can hear right now construction in
the distance something else being built
yep one of the things that you'll notice
that you'll never see outside of Gullah
Geechee homes usually on signs like that
no trespassing
well that's part of the interesting
thing is that the land that the Gullah
Geechee zone it's all community owns
absolutely yeah
most people live on what is in the law
called heirs property and that's because
our ancestors during the u.s Civil War
now bought property and so Gullah
Geechee became the first group of people
of African descent in North America to
own land in mass Gullah landowners
sought to own the land community among
their extended family over generations
this community owned land was passed
down to hundreds of heirs often without
legal documents like wills or clear
titles an informal shared ownership
system developed which came to be known
as Ayers property until recently Ayers
property arrangements kept family
properties from being sold because
family is depended on the land and each
other but today developers are using
legal loopholes to acquire Ayers
property sometimes for pennies on the
dollar whether the people living there
want to sell or not
we visited willie hayward a local
attorney who helps color families
protect their property when the
ancestors are quieted this was not a
very desirable place to live because of
the lack of air conditioning mosquitoes
alligators and lack of access lack of
bridges and so on and so forth and roads
but now that has changed so that
progress the lack of a better word has
brought in folks who now want to divest
Gullah Geechee people of that land for
development purposes what's the extent
to the threat run out to the actual land
and how much land are we talking about
having been lost in the past few years
areas that I see that in my opinion that
were 90 percent above Gullah Geechee
folks that are now less than tenth if
that one of the interesting things that
we picked up on is that you know just
one owner who owns one small part of it
can kind of force the entire thing to be
sold how does that even work the law
allows that allowed just simply all you
have to do is allege that you have an
interest that interest maybe one
hundredth of a percent errors properties
are divided into shares with each family
member holding a certain portion of
ownership the law allows anyone owning
part of an heirs property to force the
other owners to sell the entire property
by going to a judge and asking for their
dollar value of their share technically
other heirs who want to keep the land
could buy out their share but in reality
if you have the means to purchase that
share on the open market it's just too
expensive
and because there are so many owners the
land often can't be subdivided the only
practical solution is to sell the land
at a court auction or just go along with
development what's unique about
delegating people we have more ears
outside of South Carolina many cases
these ears have lost contact with South
Carolina never been to South Carolina
don't know anything about South Carolina
but legally they have an interest in
that property in the end Gullah people
are forced off the land they own to make
way for resort communities they can't
afford to live in
Adolphe Brown is a real estate broker on
Hilton Head Island here's a piece right
now as you see this in for sale sign
this is all the answer you can almost
tell it by the mobile homes like you'll
see you know a bunch of mobile homes you
know together that's a good indication
that you're on a tract of land that's is
from
he showed us a piece of Ayers property
he's planning to develop some distant
relatives who live out of state recently
decided they wanted to work with that
off to develop the land forcing the sale
of the entire property and displacing
relatives who live there some of the
people don't want to sell obvious
because they they've lived here their
whole lives you can see there's a lot of
mobile homes so they're 19 in total that
you know there's gonna be an issue with
and so you know what do we do what do
they what do they do
their only option would be to buy those
relatives out but they don't have the
means to do so
waterfront property here it can go for
$800,000 in acre Adolph moved to Hilton
Head from New York ten years ago when he
discovered he owned shares of an Aires
property some of the work you've done it
it's kind of got you a bad rap on the
island right now yeah yeah yeah it has
it has an island a lot of the Islanders
think I'm the I'm the bad guy on the
city slicker Bambuser dude you know
anything people here feel like they're
their entire culture is being sold along
with this property that the Gullah
culture is basically fading away as more
developers buy up these these lands
through the era's property right I mean
do you understand that anger I
understand the anger and I understand
the Gullah culture my grandmother was a
midwife on Hilton Head so almost every
african-american of that was born from
in the 60s 50s 40s she brought them into
the world
that the problem comes in when the world
changed my family doesn't barter with
food they go to regular jobs and have
nine two fives and they've gone to
college and they work fortune 500
companies now so it's kind of I mean you
can see the division like I'm sure there
are people who think of this as like
like a boon just like they won the
lottery almost and those others who
think of it as I am losing my way of
life I'm losing my home right I'm trying
to rectify those two situations I mean
what solution can you come up with the
only solution I've ever seen is to
develop it and I give people this
analogy of the American Indians that
were you know downtown Wall Street they
had the teepees there they had little
communities could you imagine today
there being 20 acres that's Indian and
reserved in Wall Street if that one
can't happen that was hundreds of years
ago
what I'm saying is I that you have to be
progressive or it will you you will get
run over taxed out moved out eventually
it will happen
up the coast the once quiet community of
Mount Pleasant recently became the ninth
fastest-growing city in the country the
Phillips community settled by former
slaves of the Phillips plantation is one
of two Gullah communities left there so
we're in Phillips community right now
which is a Gullah community right
outside Charleston and this kind of used
to be a really isolated area but now
basically what you have is all these
developments that have sprung up around
it so it's kind of like a doughnut hole
so it's only really a question of time
how much longer that people here can
hold out before they're either priced
out or their homes are bought out from
underneath them
Lawrence Palmer I spent his whole life
here when I was growing up there's a
close-knit community or someone who got
a house to be built
everybody join it and help that person
build that house going up to pay a dime
in time to come around to you or the
community get together and do the same
thing to you now it seems like a lot of
people are trying to get this property
right here oh yeah there are moving in
varies swiftly and are people trying to
actively get your land right now are
they trying to buy your lands oh yeah
you try to buy my property or several
time I told the noise nut and seal when
I should die I hope that some of the
family member would step up and not try
to keep it Richard generation this
community was one big family but now the
community is far divided everybody is
all the more like an individual number
one looking out for number one the
hecklers the rest as the push to sell
keeps on building the Gullah are running
out of options if we can situation on
the fussy Allen right now a lot of
Native people are gone the few pockets
of of Gullah Geechee on st. simon is
drying up like the water of california
today it's all but non-existent how can
we stop this we don't really have a
community ardent I guess we have maybe a
few neighborhoods but not a real
community and I think we need to develop
and that's one way to stop people from
encroaching on your land we need to meet
with each other we don't we want me
right after the funeral when emotions
are out of control
ever seriously roll you across to within
the black community without truck we
can't we definitely can't be unified I
mean in my family we lost a lot of land
but but the thing of it is is like I
started something new I started buying
land and I want it because I know the
importance of land and I want to keep it
in the family I want to keep it going
this is something that we all need to
take with us and to explore ways in
which we can do that and one of the ways
that we may have to do this is the
African spirit and let's see whether or
not the African Spirit can calm and
some knowledge or wisdom into this
problem that we are having as a culture
and si as a people in addition to these
community meetings the Gullah turned to
traditions rooted in those their
ancestors brought here more than 200
years ago
the name of God most gracious most
merciful the kept accent praises to God
our mighty Lord of all the worlds master
of the Day of Judgment thee do we
worship and die aid with the seat show
we the squint way the way of those into
Goa scream I mean in some respects it's
a genuine vacation story one group
pushed out by a wealthier one but given
the land and people involves a piece of
American history is being lost and when
it's gone it's gone
