hey guys i'm justin lange vice news is
correspondent in the Canadian Parliament
last October Justin Trudeau got elected
as Canada's new prime minister he won
big on a promise to legalize marijuana
and a candid bombing campaign against
the Islamic state reform state
surveillance and make candidate even
more friendly we have a generation of
young people who have an awful lot to
say about where the world's going and
naturally think more long term and are
less afraid of change this thursday i'll
be joining on the line to take your
questions about Canada under justin
trudeau and what his victory really
means for canada here at home and for
the rest of the world if you want to ask
me a question live let vice news no one
skype or tweet us with the hashtag on
the line
