cheap and highly addictive using and
dealing shabu clearly has its risks we
managed to gain access to one
small-scale operation typical to Manila
to find out how their setup worked
so working can you tell me what you're
doing here beeping booming but it begins
among a power may dream only some will
toe you some 114 up in our pocket of the
line prodigy thought this could be how
much is here on the table right now
hopefully hundred thousand Omega be with
us tomorrow night only been available
you're very well aware of the effects
that shabbu has on people and a
stranglehold it can have on their lives
how does that make you feel being
involved in this business be my learning
end well imagine I mean have you
forgotten 7 contains a NAND gate and an
immunity beginning francium give them a
lot of dough well I mean delegate London
I mean impaired Africa Papa talk about
freedom Davina oh I defer and it's funny
today
I don't think let me know need do you
want to expand your operation to other
bad guys are you pretty happy with the
territory you currently control single
or salmon or waiting get it on they
forgot I get the rest Bobby nobody to
get a cigarette or pop higher than my
name and you're ready to kill to protect
your business you have a million people
a Lego an eternal father what was the
book bathing basically got about it
because I know that it began about the
day Parana
so in January we saw a Mexican Sinaloa
cartel member arrested in Manila
carrying a large amount of shabu have
you seen any Mexican involvement in the
shabbu trades over the years but I'm
going to find a very important big in
Murano
mayhem again due to the Gallagher
ultimatum to Larissa vapor begin Anila
would answer the president I don't know
how long Machado said a novel gonna be
the beautiful phenomena an overwhelming
89% of narcotic arrests in Manila this
year was shabby related creating fierce
competition amongst local gangs the gang
members took us to some scrubland
outside the capital to test their
weapons and tell us just how dangerous
the trade has become so working can you
tell me what are these weapons and why
you guys have to use them in the
business that you're in
though me my marble busts on our Drupal
so my territory laughing hey Kayla and I
mean and label my mother must die by the
protection deserving how's the business
over time as Chevy's become more popular
become more risky my Snuggie
kindergarten they let me down but I mean
I'm pair down what's up and early do you
think you've ever killed anyone have it
when you've had to use these weapons to
defend your Baron go but I'll assign
English in army gonna get a leg up or
nothing in money I've been together
they'll bomb our top sellers a lil uncle
me new girl Annie and Dean amoeba Magnum
Buster bustling I'm going down to the
police often try and break up your
operation will not be the Bobby all day
long I mean Bill case enormous al-madani
pasilla a minute a little Mila Metabo
suddenly not see the mother thing are
the police aware of what's going on
they're aware of who controls which
areas who controls what kind of product
this normal police niyama poor protector
is a me
