was just such a remote region that
gonzalo can't even drive up to his house
now we're going to check out his ranch
house up here this is gonzalo Pena's
house here high in the mountains as
Gonzalo has told us he was here on the
morning of tuesday october six when out
of nowhere without any warning a convoy
of mexican navy helicopters came and
submitted this property to an aerial
attack you can see the entrance of some
of this gunfire that clearly is coming
from above to this property la casita de
menthe in a very deep pero tenía una
Latino tienes la Miran mas yo quien este
cuarto estaba yo me refugee esta parte
de aqui y con la vuelta que de la viande
me hey Maya salen corriendo assess a low
say Gladys paranda que la casa tambien
la para
todavia no te explicas porque o vierran
atacado as a 43 Amenti no no se porque
de ferrari y no crees que si en algún
punto key aviano no tro ranchos poruka
sobrado mota mama por la que vinieron
como para been garce por ESO en dar se
de que pues en la gente que nos Angelo
que siembra des muchos siembra nope hola
mucho siemian molta pero siempre avenue
ova mula destroy pero no no se porque lo
ariana ahora si nada al ratio pero Rita
no no hemos visto mucho siembra days no
no por las s no no se miran realmente no
se mira the people who were subjected to
this attack have not been able to return
to their homes up here after all these
weeks they're still has been no formal
or proper response to explain what
happened right here in this ranch and in
many many others in these mountains
you
