either repented you yuppies are give up
I love you oh no Louisville I will turn
my pencil pero no
we're in the central area of Kosala
before we head up to the mountains of
the so-called Golden Triangle to
investigate a recent incident of
possible abuse at the hands of Mexico's
government as it continues to hunt for
fracking and chapo guzman Guzman is the
world's most wanted drug lord accused of
leading a multi-billion dollar operation
of smuggling weed heroin and
methamphetamine into the United States
and around the world in July and champa
used an elaborate tunnel to escape from
the Altiplano federal prison in central
Mexico authorities and media reported
that the drug lord was flown back to
this part of the country the so-called
Golden Triangle the three-state area of
Sinaloa Chihuahua and Sudan the region
is where the Sinaloa cartel grows
marijuana and poppy for his drug empire
this was obviously a huge embarrassment
for the country and its chief anti chapo
ally the United States
and Mexico's government says it is
determined to recaptured
in early October Mexico's elite Navy
apparently came close to capturing
Guzman in Tomasulo blue dangler this
could have been a game-changing moment
that the government needed but instead
and Chappell managed to get away
presumably with the help of regional
leaders and locals in the territory that
he controls but how he actually did so
remains a mystery the government didn't
say much a multi-agency statement said
that in choppa was injured and had
escaped but to not explain how that
information had been gathered in
Mexico's drug war officials have been
caught falsifying evidence or lying to
the public this time critic said seemed
no different after a chaotic few days
locals came down from the Durango
mountains to reach the small town of
wassalam across state lines in Sinaloa
they said they had a calm under attack
from Mexican Navy helicopters in the
same area where chapo was almost caught
but did the locals help Chuck did any of
them fire weapons against the
authorities as the government had
implied locals said no they told
reporters they didn't know who Champa
was had never seen him and that they had
no idea why authorities photography a
month later
many of these campesinos remained in
Kosala displaced
one of these displaced ranchers is 31
year old he and his family are living
with his mother-in-law he explained what
happened that day
yo estamos aqui dentists in Ayano Mira
no Sita porque de da no podía no
Havaianas no upon the school are
singular y'know Vinnie Mahalo Aloha Lyla
are you been gonna take on Ellen
monoamine get a malaria pahala me mess
it was young yeah you know anymore
homework was a la patrulla come in and
report on this cool pad on nine without
Nick because you're gonna see behind me
is the local offices of the dif this is
the basically the welfare agency in
Mexico and for many of these families
it's a now nearly a month that they've
been displaced by this operation in this
month they basically been sitting here
in this town of Kosala unable to find
work unable to really care completely
for their families which is why the
welfare agency here is providing them
with very basic goods to go about their
day today they're hearing from a small
group of lawyers who are basically
explaining to them what they need to do
in order to file lawsuits or claims
against the federal government and
against the Navy as a result of this
operation what we didn't know at the
time is that at least one of these
lawyers has represented a Chapo in court
in Mexico probably not a coincidence
Guzman has an army of lawyers
fighting for his interests in the court
system so far we've been unable to
verify the ranchers claims because the
Navy has not agreed to give us a formal
interview and said that they could not
guarantee our safety if we try to go up
to the ranches ourselves
our crew and I are now headed to bones
Auto Phineas ranch just over the state
line from the state of Aragua at the
same place that he says Mexican Marines
came in shooting directly at him nearly
a month ago now in their hunt for a
vehicle additional three and Colorado at
our rival reportero cat Anthony and
Kellyanne lo algum lugar are not tacky
going for just one cable
come on the choco cake a la Morena one
avocado chip or Apple Mail tower tower
okay chromazone of caliber we've been on
this very very bumpy road here between
Durango and Sinaloa for about 45 minutes
so we're gonna be doing this for two
hours it's another part of the country
that is out of cell phone range off the
map really and where people like von
Sydow
and his family live and carry on with
their life
as the Sun began to set we made it to
Gonzales ranch where he showed us how
his car had been destroyed in the attack
my telepathy
Camus Chris que paso a stone tones
lieutenant a person on a cosa que la
Catedral okay see I guess you came out
Muruga - father Larry Walker get on the
program Rock'em are too low compressed
Yolo complain Jimmy Apollo compromise
karate cuando una ventaja Revis arose
compromiser
was just such a remote region that
gonzalo can't even drive up to his house
now we're gonna check out his ranch
house up here
this is Gonzalo Pena's house here high
in the mountains as Gonzalo has told us
he was here on the morning of Tuesday
October 6 when out of nowhere without
any warning convoy of Mexican Navy
helicopters came and the submitted this
property to an aerial attack you can see
the entrance of some of this gunfire
that clearly is coming from above to
this property like I see that I'm
invited if I told anyone
letting out in the middle mass you are
gonna stick what estaba you my refuge ie
you cannot know we're together love you
undo me if I'm in crab salad or you know
assess alone secure this parameter
calacas
- idea not explica spork you Buuren
attack our support realmente no no
cyborg a Ferrari in okras case en algún
punto key Aviano Ranchos poor akka sem
brado Mota o amapola que vinieron como
para Benghazi por ESO la gente que nos
Angelo KCM Brava smooch a monopole
emotional Mota pero siempre Avenue OVA
mula destroy pero no no say porque lo
Ariana or escena de al Grigio parody
tano no hemos visto muchassi hombre days
no nope oh no said no no Samiran
realmente no Zamir the people who were
subjected to this attack have not been
able to return to their homes up here
after all these weeks there still has
been no formal or proper response to
explain what happened right here in this
ranch and in many many others in these
mountains
well this is a cárdenas Umayyad is the
famous cemetery here in Culiacan Sinaloa
where many of these extremely opulent
mausoleum like graves are here honoring
fallen members basically of organized
crime of the Sinaloa cartel this is a
corona a traditional Mexican flower
arrangement sent by none other than an
Chappell himself joaquín guzmán Loera
for a man that he identifies as a very
yo and this is happening in the mid of
serious operation by Mexico's military
in particular by Mexico's Navy in this
very desperate effort on the part of the
Mexican government to capture
guzmán loera and here he is honoring a
friend or an associate of his amidst the
Day of the Dead celebrations in Mexico
you are a CEO hombre shop yah Verano con
gente que onda con el campo y creo
ganado yeah you owe me a pan cm room I
freak all the conversations eccentric
cosas para Bella ciela to Antigua a
basic killing several Mikasa you know
basically nada y Volpe eloquence a
calico a zombie AMA pero ESO lo normal
bah pero ya Yaga no no defraud oh yo me
gustaría email rancho pero por casino
Jegan yo trabajo y no puede goddess /
Ando uno Janna con el temor seat oh hey
hey hey sorry
in recent weeks reports and rumors have
swirled around in Chapel supposed
whereabouts just like after his first
jail break in Mexico in 2001 whose man's
alleged recent tunnel escape caused a
drug lords legend to grow what actually
happened in those mountains meanwhile
remains a mystery but it's already cast
a harsh light on Mexico's Navy in the
fight against the country's drug cartels
the Navy is seen is more reliable and
professional than the much larger army
which faces mountain charges of human
rights abuses today and Chapo remains a
fugitive and this latest incident here
in Sinaloa and the government's hunt for
the drug war shows that maybe no branch
of Mexico's Armed Forces is immune for
making mistakes or violating human
rights
you
