the actual promises the actual targets
that they have brought to the summit
lead us to an extremely dangerous world
they lead us to war made of three to
four degrees Celsius which is beyond
Castro
we just got to the climate action zone
it's a space open for the last five days
of the cop21
and it's for civil society to mobilize
plan strategies and actions for climate
justice and it's held by coalition
climate 21
so cop21 is coming to an end soon
supposedly tomorrow they will have
reached an agreement how do you feel
about what's gone on these past two
weeks Paris first is just a step so
there are the mobilizations that we were
organized the one in the 29th and the
one that's going to happen the ones that
are going to happen on on Saturday but
there is also this massive international
movement organizing itself and this is
why those spaces are so important for
people to meet for people to organise
for people to train for people to share
skills and it's exactly what's happening
so I think it's really given us giving
us a perspective on you know next year
and and beyond that so what's going to
happen on December 12 at the end of the
cop21 what are you guys planning what we
think is that in the official summit
they're going to cross some red lines
that make this that will make this
planet impossible to live on so
basically what I want to do is do a very
symbolic and strong design in action and
draw those red lines and say that if
they want to cross them they will find
us behind them and then a gathering at
the fruit of Litella fell under some
mass is going to be disobedient as well
because the state didn't authorize any
mobilization on the streets we said from
the very beginning that we wanted to
have the last word and this is where
we're going to have the last word
bronzes the actual targets that they
have brought to the summit lead us to an
extremely dangerous world they don't
leave us to 1.54 2 degrees Celsius they
need us to warm a of 3 to 4 degrees
Celsius which is beyond castrato
in the caramel spaces has been quite
interesting because
people all over the world who come to
Paris because of the climate talks
environmental NGOs climate justice
activists labor unions people of Jeremy
Corbyn and they've seized the
opportunity of all being gathered geared
to get into talks with each other and
try to come up with more unified global
green movement
so we're going to have a chat with
Canadian author and social activist
Naomi Klein she's a key member of the
International climate justice movement
in Paris and her latest book the deals a
lot with what she thinks can be a better
solution for sustainable country in your
latest book you suggest that the
culmination of crisis that we're seeing
right now could actually be something
positive an opportunity to turn humanity
into a more sustainable path
how would you finance something like
this and how do you tackle challenges
like the global markets the financial
sector the huge privatization we've seen
can I even go reverse well it can be
reversed and we've seen this in Germany
where you have the largest economy in
Europe moving very rapidly in a period
of 6 7 years getting to 30% of their
electricity grid powered by renewables
much more so during the summer the
fossil fuel companies know eventually
their business models going to go
extinct but they're fighting for every
last profitable quarter they're just
playing for time they're just delaying
whether we can pay for it I mean
absolutely the money is there I mean we
live in this time of unprecedented
private wealth and relentless public
austerity do you think that it's
necessary to change the capitalist
system or can we fix the capitalist
system by for example putting in more
ethics and morals into it the more and
more that never enough culture of
consumption that we have is really at
the heart of the ecological crisis not
just the climate crisis but the many
ways that we are plastic crossing
planetary boundaries taking more than
the planet is able to regenerate that's
a pretty big conflict so I'm not sure
exactly what that next system should be
called but I think it probably shouldn't
be called capitalism what are you
planning for the end of cop21
and what's your strategy for the years
to come there's been a lot of talk in
these parallel spaces about you know
what that post-carbon economy looks like
how can we lower emissions while
creating huge numbers of well-paying
jobs while fighting racial inequality
gender inequality what does that look
like what are the policies that enable
that and that's the real work ahead
so we just arrived to a talk that's
going to be held between Jeremy Corbyn
and Naomi Klein for trade unions for
energy democracy and we're going to chat
to Jeremy Corbyn who's here in Paris now
click on to anyone how important using
the link is between conflict and climate
change the motive for some company not
opened him is actually the search for
fossil fuels and if you look at the
issues of the treatment of indigenous
people in different parts of the world
where there's oil or coal being
discovered and the way that they're
treated and look at some are all
conflicts crossing a place so I'm just
saying it has to be a much more
sustainable energy process absolutely we
develop in this world if humans suck
their planet dry they will end up with
no choice but to fight and above all it
will be a war that people will suffer if
climate change is not addressed with
ambition and imagination these issues
have to be addressed they're not solved
by barbed wire fences around the richest
countries and the richest contents of
the world they're solved by addressing
the issues that cause the refugee flow
in the first place don't blame the
victims
I hope that the trade union movement and
that workers in this city will stand
with us on December 12 because the right
to assemble the register says essential
to all of our movement and all of our
victories past and future by taking to
the streets we will be clearly and
unequivocally rejecting the alarmed
government's draconian and opportunistic
bans on marches protests and
demonstrations
you
