this one here that's his grandma this is
Ben Lewis he's a Vietnam veteran and a
former uranium miner that's when I used
to drive a truck oh that's the uranium
uranium that's what we used to haul or
with tens of thousands of Americans on
the Navajo Nation don't have access to
clean running water in their homes Ben
is one of them across the United States
99% of Americans have running water in
their homes but here on the reservation
at least 40% of the residents live
without it just be the the wash base
because I don't have any running water
and you turn it on nothing so there's no
water there's an NT you a surveyor out
here checking out your lands you should
go into them yeah standing right here
with the hard hat on all right yeah
oh okay Ben has been asking the local
water utility to install a water tank on
his property for years but they never
came coincidentally they chose today as
we were filming to show up unannounced
they must have seen you guys there's a
surveyor here from the Navajo tribal
utility Authority they're in charge of
getting people water so we're gonna go
figure out what he's here doing
they started digging to perhaps put in
either a septic tank or a water bank for
veterans house he's been waiting for a
while for this to happen we came to
Ben's house with George McGraw an
international water rights activist he's
been working with the community since
2012 his nonprofit dig deep typically
works in underdeveloped countries this
is their first project in the United
States how did you even find out about
what was going on here in New Mexico
actually we had a donor call us a few
years ago and said you know I have a
$5,000 gift to make and my only
stipulation is it to be here in the US
and I called her back and I said listen
ma'am I would love to take your money
and put it to work in a place that
people really need it you know like
South Sudan or Cameroon and she said
well I just came back to the reservation
and I was working at a school where
there's no running water so you need to
get in a car and go out there and figure
out what's going on turns out there's
about 1.7 million Americans without
access to water at home and a lot of
them live on Indian reservations like
this one
