it began in my third year at Julliard
where I studied acting before I was at
Julliard it was in the Marine Corps with
one one weapons company 81 splatoon out
in Camp Pendleton California and when I
got out of the military I thought my
transition from the military life to
civilian life would be pretty simple I
was quick to learn that that was not the
case putting words to feelings for the
first time I was making the human
connection of being in the military
through theater and in doing so I felt
less alone so we decided to create this
project where we kind of introduced the
military to the theater community and
vice versa
and we're hoping to show that language
is a powerful tool that self-expression
is a powerful tool it's just as valuable
as any rifle you carry or any tool you
can put in your pack so that's what
we're trying to accomplish so thank you
so much for coming I'll see you after
the first one we did we tried to like
reach out to different various
organizations and veterans organizations
and everyone kind of felt the theater
didn't fit a military demographic that
people basically wanted to see the San
Diego Chargers cheerleaders and I
remember those events that we had that
were like you know all well-intended and
you know great to have but seemed like a
little bit dumb down considering what we
were there to come to do
I think it's cool to get the variety
within the military in the same room
together because we they're not they
don't always have a way to interact or
share an experience so we're serving
sort of all branches of the military
after duty veteran family members no
matter what your politics are send our
DNA that the cop on the corner the
fireman who goes into the building the
soldier bears arms will stand in the
line of fire for you so we just come
running and Adam was in the Armed Forces
and you just cover it was right after
September 11th I was interested in
acting I didn't want to go to school and
I had moved at one point to California
with like all my in my car you know
cuz I heard all these stories where
people like moving out to California no
money like making it I was there for two
days 48 hours I'd lost all my money was
the disasters and I moved back you know
and I made a production about leaving
Indiana I was like seeing guys like you
know I'm heading out to heaven we'll
head west I don't know when I'll be back
in 48 hours I was back my stepdads like
lunch during the Marine Corps
maybe I was like December by February I
was gone
Neverland right are you wanting to run
from the law because you want to leave
so fast I just kind of made the decision
and I'm gonna do it we did a first
performance at Camp Pendleton and a
member like you can tell people were
listening and thinking and really making
the connection of how we're presenting
it that it's no sense no costumes no
lights that it's all pared down we're
taking any pretense out of it and
presenting something that could
completely go wrong that's what people
military deal with on a day-to-day it's
kind of improving and there's a
structure and training in place but then
once you start doing it like anything
could happen did everybody want to
rehearse who would like to read through
writer - good I just wanted a sound good
I think more than anything else who was
with us last time we went to Walter E I
don't think we did it in the warrior
Cafe which is like their cafeteria I can
keep on replying our first one at Walter
Reed how much of a disaster that was we
had all these actors and like we showed
up in the cafeteria and they're like
what are you guys doing here like what
do you mean what are we doing here we've
been talking to you for months about
like it should we come on the weekend or
a weekday and they're like no come in a
weekend because everyone has time off
then we show up and why are you here on
a weekend she'd come during the weekday
where everybody's here and everyone's
gone home now
Joanne and one of her other board
members at the time was running around
to the different hospitals pushing
people with oxygen tanks to her
performance than we managed to get like
a small crowd in the cafeteria so that
was great so then we wanted to come back
even though there are clearly such a
bureaucratic mess ah
it is this as bright as this goes so
this is all of the lights on in all of
the house this is as bright as it gets
all right well then we can't really use
this for anything if there's no lights
on the stage hey Joe so this is the
lighting situation so we can either move
everybody forward and he says he's gonna
try to get like some lights projected
here somehow they just didn't I do it in
the audience cuz he doesn't make any
spread within here and there's like they
said all of these lights are out what do
you see me what he says there now I
don't know that means he's gonna start
pushing
hi hi I'm Adam clam hey do you know I
turn these lights on
yeah I know how to Colonel mom but
they're all burnt out they're burnt out
they are burnt out there was a trouble
put in on Friday and nothing's been done
yet is there another kind of light that
we can put on there there are no other
lights up there you went to go get
something right he's like you probably
went down to the studio to bring some up
and just bring some up to put in there
well either up there or down here on the
floor somewhere put him on the thing
all right great a simple child blind
question when you've been asked a
thousand times but Santa just gaze down
blankly shut unattended donated trawlers
cigarettes and out to the Indians
Oh Bobby how does ever know that never
told you Tony
fully three sex goes directly to the
Amazonian idiot this is total drum set
back there are you serious sir way to
get back into that space back there
sure you think the cake no in a cage set
sets they're into the cake yeah I don't
oh heck we use listen Steve they said
there wasn't a figuring out boys ah that
helps
this is for we usually have like um for
Batman it's like very percussive when I
drum with like a cymbal it's the middle
of the night of the sky is glowing like
mad radioactive red and if you sweat you
can maybe see the moon through a thick
layer of cigarette smoke and airplane
exhaust that covers the whole city like
a mosquito net that won't let the Angels
in and if you look up high enough you
can see me standing on the edge of an
eighty seven storey building and up
there a place for gargoyles and broken
clock towers that have stayed still and
dad for maybe like a hundred years up
there is me and I'm freakin Batman just
when I heard it there's low growling
behind me like something ready to attack
and I turned around and there was there
was Santa
growling at me so we're gonna be raising
the money up here in New York and
shipping it down and it really changed
their lives in a substantial way
remember for every dollar you donate
fully three cents goes directly to the
point is husband and wife man and woman
Adam Andrea but sometimes the man is
stupid
sometimes the woman is Stewart sometimes
both Oh stoop the point is man and wife
are joined by holy matrimony to complete
each other I thought my marriage was
dead or I was dead or both and now
somehow I've got him back again and me
and my personal heart of hearts I mean I
don't give a to judge the means
good or bad it's funny Here I am closer
to my husband than I've I've been in a
long time you know a long long time but
I feel free and I started thinking that
maybe this state
of having nothing and feeling so used up
well maybe that sort of estate that God
wants me and you're not so full of all
my ideas about myself and what a rebel I
am but just you know sort of ready to
listen I heard the Packard coming up the
hill
from a mile off I could tell it was a
Packard by the sound of the valves the
lifters have a sound like nothing else
and I could picture my dad driving it my
heart was pounding just for my dad
coming back and then I heard them pull
the brake lights go off keys turned off
in a long silence I heard the door of
the Packard open pop of metal dogs
barking down the road door slams feet
heart pounding sound of door not opening
for kicking door
man's voice dad's voice dad calling mom
no answer foot kicking foot kicking
harder wood splitting man's voice in the
night foot kicking hard right through
the door one foot right to the door
bottle crashing glass breaking fist to
the door man cursing men going insane
men yelling soldier smashing whole body
crashing man throwing wood men throwing
up mom calling for cops dad crashing way
back down the driveway car door slamming
ignition grinding wheels screaming
Packard disappearing sound disappearing
no sound mom crying soft and far off the
freeway could be heard okay
thank you so much refreshes help you and
all your and every single member of your
outstanding Oh using your gifts because
they just take a bet over everyday world
and you just food for the Soul
oh thank you very much thank you very
much thank you thank you so much for
coming right now
no no no this is this great man yeah
thank you very thank you so much for
coming here day hey man I just wanna
thank you oh yeah but you know Rio is
one one weapons company what year they
won in 2002 2004 yeah I was attached to
three five while I was over there I went
to the initial invasion 2003 I was
attached to the first party did you go
over well no no no - once before
supposed to play broke my sternum so my
friends went then I just come back two
three one when they just came back so he
and my friends went over I went to
acting school
oh so it's all the same yeah most of
people came they came back got out
anyway yeah you're on a lot of
especially during that time I stuck
around because I had a family and
already like that other ones I would cut
it out right after yeah but it really
appreciates my eyes - katana come out
here man thanks so much for coming
really I think civilians and military
are isolated from each other and
shouldn't be that isolation I think is
really bad given that this tremendous
sacrifice and cost going on
I don't think war should be taken
lightly I think it's a serious serious
issue
it is incumbent on all of us to be
familiar with what the hell is going on
you know most of us don't do jobs where
we're gonna get wounded or get killed
and I just think it's a lot to ask of
people and then say oh and we're not
gonna think about you afterwards or
we're not gonna support you when you
need to be hospitalized or you need
aftercare or what is PTSD and all of
that stuff that I think people should
know about I think part of the thing is
when you look around this group I mean
there's no career move being made here
nobody's doing this because they think
it's gonna get them anywhere they're
doing it because they have heart it says
something about who the group is people
want to serve and they want to do
something people just don't know where
to kind of put that energy especially
maybe an entertainment industry we're
offering the value of the Arts and
that's hard to quantify how we're paying
for this is through you know basically
personal relationships that we started
with people who are donating ten to the
thousand dollars over the past eight
years we're still raising money for it
and trying to do it in a way where I
don't feel like we're selling our souls
we can come out here whenever you want
before we start and we'll just maybe
Joanne you can be in charge of kind of
making sure there's room for really get
through and people to get through it the
last thing it's gonna have before we
start is Fitz is gonna get on a god mic
and say thank you to Actors Equity for
letting the people of my union work for
no pay blah blah blah and at that point
then the two of you are going to come
through this little aisle that that you
guys have made and start the play here
everybody ready to give this a bit of a
whirl
brilliant in my neighborhood with my
people have my own where are you going
can I come
get away so are we still together
seeming fool let's hold for one sec
great guys just keep continuing to make
reminders about the stakes of this this
fight could be the fight that ends their
whole relationship but if keep looking
for that keep looking for how these
fights are life and death in this play
thanks I mean I've altered way before we
can frame it and get like on it the
adhesive stick tape or something like
that I don't know if that's too much of
a production but this seems to be like
better yeah I feel like it needs a
little bit bit clearer about what it is
cuz it just looks like beat on all of it
we're doing a silent auction for the
first time I think that's a way we
reconciled like an on CD way of raising
money Joanne has been basically for the
past three months going to different
veterans organizations in the city and
just you know showing up really just by
being there is like a big deal so a lot
of veterans organizations in New York
are coming people who have donated
civilians who have made a donation of
$200 can come and it's free for all
veterans current service men and women
and
I feel like we have a little more
control tonight as far as like the
audience goes but it's a little scary
cuz it's also the first time I've ever
just done a whole play reading and we
have one read-through with all the
actors to rehearse it Our Lady of one
hundred and twenty first Street by
Stephen Adly Girgis where you live Vic
Brooklyn Queens Staten Island will have
a squad car drive you home actors are so
 good that play is so good and
the people that came to were so grateful
and never heard that play before and
like we never seen theatre before it's
too expensive and it's thank you for not
editing it or presenting something that
was tame I don't know why they're not
doing more of this it was really good
rooftop enters but Inez is gone Vic and
Balthazar sit silently Edwin is still
sleeping on the bench blackout end of
play
make so much little princess all right
even cause I loved your speech it really
means all nice meeting you it's like the
kind of thing where there's one person
in the audience everybody getting you
feel really bad but by the end you're
like oh I had an effect on that person
so like everything else goes away but we
always want to serve life amazing way
was great actors oh good I'm so glad you
you've got a chance to come it's just a
great thing you're doing thank you
when you're a playwright writer I'm
trying to yeah that's how you have a
great memory yeah so it's turning like a
lark theatre it didn't get a big group
here and then they have the Great Plains
playwriting contest this week I turn
them into so yeah I'm kind of proud of
it you know congratulations thank you
yeah that's so well just having you in
the audience it was really helpful thank
you
yeah okay we're doing it you know thanks
thanks so much yeah
I think it went well people seem to
really respond to it by right Adam yeah
how people seem to really respond to it
and there was a lot of veterans here
which is really important I think that
the conversation that we're having at
the end actually with those guys it was
really great we're really fed up with
the veterans entertainment that they
received up until that point can really
saw what we were doing by picking that
play and like that we kind of stayed
away from making this like a veteran's
play that's something you needed it was
more just a play that they took things
from and they completely got her
last year we went to Germany that was
like a big thing just to go overseas but
ever since we first started it to go to
the Middle East was what we originally
intended to do so it's literally taken
us eight years to get our together
to go well I'm not good or here to
go but actually build up enough of
credibility I guess to convince people
that we weren't the enemy everyone
talked to in military times after the
show is a meteor
sometimes ton of people want to talk
sometimes fewer people want to talk
sometimes on personal talk to you for 45
minutes you know what I mean you guys do
what's comfortable now is there anything
sort of heated happening and I mean
obviously know about this bombing in the
mosque the other day I mean even if
there was I don't think that they would
say anything about it so I would just be
mindful of it oh we don't know we
haven't told ya and I don't think they
will LT would like kind of tell us some
volunteer that information but I think
that people are different sexual assault
is a big issue okay we had an issue with
the censorship but we're trying to kind
of like not skim over it but we've
submitted everything and it was approved
so we're not gonna do anything different
from your last group expand on that a
little bit please you know it's been a
big problem in the past few years sexual
assault in the military community so
they read the script and their first
reaction is you can't do this because if
there's sexual references you're not
even supposed to reference anything
having to do with sex according to some
people in the military week before
supposed to go to Germany suddenly the
command wanted to see the material and
we'd already like booked to travel had
planned 14 actors I think to go and a
couple days before they got a call and
said you have to edit it or you're not
perform so we did it once in Germany
where we cut out all references to sex
and we did it and people seem to like
the performance but for us it felt like
we compromised on something and so we
kind of made a vow that we would never
do it again either we do the whole
performance and people you know have
their reaction to it or we just don't do
it
I fired an m16 I went to an Israeli army
training program as a youth as a you
like how long were you there I was there
like you know it was a summer camp thing
I was about 13 but I got kicked out
kicked out of the training camp yeah um
I organized like I was really into
missions so I organized like a mission
where all the girls snuck into Jerusalem
and went partying so you got caught yeah
you guys have any questions about
anything you see or even in general
about Kuwait just let me know if
anything seems out of place to you let
me know you might see something I don't
see on the road just let me know and
then Allah or let you know an answer are
you gonna be giving us a security
briefing or is that my phone Oh security
briefing of course you know Kuwait
there's a lot of actually hidden
terrorist cells everywhere throughout
the country but they hadn't been acting
until recently so uh I mean you can
close your shades if you want when they
look in if they see Westerners you know
okay they like the stairs we'll the main
concern here is actually just traffic
the per capita is like one of the worst
places to drive
inshallah they just do whatever they
want traffic there is crazy in Kuwait
people like driving like 150 miles an
hour drive on the medians and like it's
very desolate and like that beige
doesn't not like you know Arizona
doesn't listen like that just plastic
bags cotton like barbed wire in the side
roads
it's very strange place pleasure John
Baskerville sweet you hello Adam John
best oh hi nice to meet you welcome to
our article turf field yes let's get you
inside where the a she is yeah good
lunch door yeah how our go ahead we're
good to see you again
thank you enough for for having us it
really means a lot to us and you that
you were so willing to to host us you
have no idea what this means
well you probably do a lot of them have
no idea what it means yeah guys to see
you those are you can you make it
tonight are you yeah I'm okay great I'm
gonna send this our major to town
tonight no oh good good all right cool
huh thank you very much appreciate media
all right to sue this company exists for
two reasons here in Kuwait first provide
force protection to US interests like I
said earlier for the State of Kuwait and
to to build partnership capacity with
the Kuwaiti government and the Kuwaiti
military it builds a relationship number
one because in this part of the world
relationships matter so if something bad
happens Jordan Syria Iraq Afghanistan
this company then transitions from a
force protection force to a war fighting
force and we get all of our neat toys
put them in containers and we go forward
to where where the fight is to make sure
that the US forces are safe so yes
where's the women in this unit or is
that just a coincidence good question so
yes yo D is is not gender specific it's
not a combat arms MOS if you were to
look across the board at our stats at
our metrics women make a very small
percentage of our force my unit
currently has five females two of which
are here but one is my HR my Human
Resource sergeant and one is my supply
so my only female CEO detect that I'm
currently assigned she's in the rear
because she's actually getting out of
the military she said rude why do you
think that is you know I don't know it's
a good question not a lot of people know
what this job comprises based on what
you see in television what you see in
the movies you look at the percentage
across the military of you know male the
female makeup you already have an offset
as far as the percentage and then you
look at specialty MLS's like this where
you know advertising and word-of-mouth
isn't really there so that that's the
best I can probably say on that yeah
anything else do you guys want to touch
stuff alright get after it hey guys come
up in and walk some songs you're going
to hear back
all right scroll down for me
this comes down go get it
right oh yeah okay
let's just stop right here bamm-bamm oh
thank you very much
oh thank you are you coming to the thing
or / thing tonight are you didn't
tonight at 1900 in the chapel should be
should be good trivia yeah yeah so
hopefully you'll anyone yeah I think I'm
pretty sure I can no problem help see
you tonight if you don't mind it's gonna
leave one of these here we're doing a
theater performance tonight 1900 in the
chapel so you're more than welcome to
come it'd be great to have you nice to
meet you are you gonna come tonight and
how big a group is it that's worker oh
yeah
nobody's watching anything at all
personal deeply personal that you want
to share don't do it thanks for the show
tonight
seven o'clock sorry to interrupt
we leave a couple fires were doing a
theater performance 9 1900 in the chapel
so it's for free be great to have you
what's the secret well man I can't say
anything I wish I could I wish I could
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah and this
will be staged only oh yeah no I think
it's too dark oh that's good that's good
don't you think yeah that's better yeah
so guys we're gonna rehearse if we could
all right go ahead whenever you're ready
being annoying was not a capital crime
last time I checked yeah well it should
be yes right cornea scrub scrub
everybody stop the that man
said we had till dawn to decide who's
going in look at the window hold on one
second Queen us go back and just make it
really clear are we too loud too much
screaming no no no it needs to be louder
these characters are not subtle people
right and the scene starts in the middle
of in the peak of the argument all right
it goes from the peak of the argument to
a vulnerable place by the end but I
think we cannot underestimate where they
are at the beginning it's like and
you're all like charging really
committed to it it's an argument you are
so committed to your arguments I think
go farther than you think and then we
can pull it back but don't worry about
volume I don't worry about yelling
thanks guys to me for a couple more
seconds I'm sorry if we turn the air
conditioner off how long do we have
before it gets before it gets really hot
you can't wow what do you mean because
if you go back here it's really hard to
hear them because of the air conditioner
so maybe how many mics do you have oh
okay the only thing could we use three
of these and then one so I can put you
wired mic yeah four mics up
Oh for wired you get four of those but
two of these into why you're never easy
and so you'll have well this isn't this
isn't wire this is Wireless yeah of
course
it's a great experience to perform for
an audience that could not be more
generous and receptive and responsive
they're coming at these plays with such
fresh eyes and ears and the response you
couldn't ask for a better audience it's
so diverse and grateful and interested
and makes you that much more effective
when you feel like people are listening
thank you very much for coming my name
is Adam driver and on behalf of Arts in
the Armed Forces and our actors really
means a lot that you were here so I
guess we should clap yeah thank you very
much
Arts in the Armed Forces this started in
2006 in my second year in college at the
Juilliard School in New York City and
prior to Julliard I was in the marine
corps with one one weapons cup there's
one yeah
I get my ass kicked after this hoorah
my transition from military to civilian
life was very well a bit complex
gradually however at school I was
exposed to playwrights and characters
and plays that had nothing to do with
the military but were somehow
articulating my military experience in a
way that before to me was indescribable
and I felt myself becoming less
aggressive as I was able to put words to
feelings for the first time and
realizing what a valuable tool that was
and what better community to armed with
the tool of self-expression than those
protecting our country so again thank
you for having us please after the
performance if you want a couple of and
say hi we're not going anywhere we're
stuck here we'd love to hear your
thoughts thanks again appreciate
if you ask me Paul should be the one who
died why me cuz you're tired and
annoying everybody stop the the
man said we had told dawn to decide
who's going and look out the window it's
almost dawn Paul can I share something
with you I guess I'm getting kinky
thoughts what kind of kinky thoughts
kinky ones I'm thinking about you being
real heroic and volunteering to be the
one who dies would you like to volunteer
why would I volunteer because if you
volunteer I'll blow you blow me take my
advices worth it flacco husband and wife
man and woman Adam and rib I don't want
to dwell on the inequality of the sexes
because these vary from couple to couple
sometimes the man is stupid sometimes
the woman is stupid sometimes it both
stupid the point is man and wife are
joined in holy matrimony to complete
each other to populate the earth and to
glorify God I had my own hypothesis
about the world which is basically
whatever the happens happens and
we'll probably never know why well then
I got pregnant with a B when I was in
high school and that was pretty much the
last straw for my parents and somehow I
ended up with this little scrap of a
life this little nothing change you can
just vacuum it up with a Dustbuster and
be gone me I've got nothing for I really
got nothing no stuff no money no ideas
no plans I continue to watch and have
come with no little excitement to
understand that baseball is a perfect
metaphor for hope in a Democratic
Society
first is a home run trot the home run
trot not too mad - around the bases when
it's an inside the ball park home run
I've never seen them inside the ball
park home run I'm talking about the
graceful little canter when the ball is
being crushed and it's missing and the
outcomes not in doubt and what I like
about it is that it's so unnecessary the
balls gone
no one's gonna bring it back play is
suspended for a celebration and I like
this I like this because I don't believe
in God well I don't know about God or
about any of that metaphysical murk yet
I like to believe that there's something
about being human is good and I think
what's best about us is manifested in
our desire to show respect for one
another for what we can be and well
that's what we do in our ceremonies
isn't it we honor ourselves as we pass
through time and it seems to me that to
conduct this ceremony not before the
game or after the game but in the very
heart of the game does any other game do
that that's baseball
thanks Doug I appreciate ya know proper
change of base for us I'm glad thank you
very much for what you're doing oh thank
you very much thanks so much for coming
thank you so much thank you
thanks a lot hey great to meet you in a
lot of people came up but we're saying
that it was just so different than what
it usually comes here in a good way it
was pretty uh pretty amazing a lot of
it's my baby cry a little bit yeah
that's great you guys are doing this
right in the sense of not too much
talking about it but they're doing it
giving people the experience that's
great to hear
that's that only the goal you just get
the sense that people want to talk and
they want to tell their story a lot of
the conversations I had were just what
do you do what's your job it's really
nice to have something like this you
then walk down a road was a nice bother
to happen
they've been leery about letting us off
so it's really nice to actually have
something to look forward to yeah
because we get the woman honest I felt
like a real urge to want to communicate
and just a real gratitude that we were
here one thing we've always been talking
about from the beginning of our project
is what's the risk of going to meet
people on the front lines why is it
actually necessary in it and does it
actually cause more of a disruption than
it heals anything and I can't help but
think that even in the most stressful
circumstances offering a new means of
self-expression or showing characters
that I feel will resonate with that
audience or just giving a vocabulary to
that audience through these really human
characters that were representing no
time in anyone's life is that bad you
can't place a value on the Arts and
that's a hard thing to convey that's you
know whenever we're offering you may not
initially see the benefit from but just
planting that seed of a character that
we can all relate to maybe have benefits
down the road
