we are in the middle of the largest
refugee crisis since the Second World
War
over sixty million people have been
displaced to bring tens of thousands of
Syrian Muslim refugees to America I
think is absolutely nnessee
on November 13th 2015 a series of deadly
attacks in Paris carried out by the
Islamic state shocked the world in
response across the ocean 31 state
officials in the u.s. announced that
they will refuse entry to Syrian
refugees citing security concerns the
topic had already been under scrutiny
for a few months but many politicians
aren't aware of how the resettlement
program which has been in place since
1980 works in the first place I don't
know what the exact process is but I do
think this new threat there should be
added measures to make sure that that
people that we don't see what happened
in France shortly after the US House of
Representatives passed a bill calling
for tougher security screenings if the
intelligence and law enforcement
community cannot certify that a person
presents no threat then they should not
be allowed in but there is a push to
defund the resettlement program
completely the future of the program
will be decided by mid December 2015 in
conjunction with the federal budget
decision
for now the 1,500 refugees already
resettled in the u.s. face an uncertain
future we're in Jersey City today to
meet with the aalverson family they are
a Syrian refugee family who came here in
June of this year
hi Neha unlike what some politicians are
saying most Syrian refugees in the US
were middle class back home this is a
case with husam and sahal wisdom they
left Syria in 2011 rushing be visually
of a Medina Muhammad Montpellier in fear
of an hour she'll veteran times in just
how Hamilton still can't live among and
Sarah you just holler father cool motto
control again Sofia son Oliver Fellini
the story man would matter honey the
arbor stems live in a two-bedroom
apartment in Jersey City every night
houssam travels to Queens to work the
night shift at a bakery their apartment
is much smaller than where they lived in
Syria but it's thousands of miles away
from the war they escaped
ok now I'm not in construction Haley
will be the truck for Bob Linn and then
come the shop Adam um for Teresa to come
how much is the nizam can the kilobyte
are you unpalatable ill was it
scary for you to do that with your kids
aqui no let me lay low from Noah Charlie
Dominici Alto hadisha Angela seguro from
Conoco Z fetal Arlen houssam has already
become a prominent figure in the
community
he's spoken in front of Congress twice
about US policy towards refugees and
when the House passed a bill that could
halt the program he got together with
Church World Service the organization
that resettled his family to fight
against it
Erol kakak a refugee himself is a
program director at church world service
it's one of nine resettlement
organizations that work with the federal
government to distribute the little
money they get to resettle refugees with
who some who we met the other day he for
example owned a supermarket back home
and over here is working in a bakery
what do you think that sort of says
about his financial future you have to
understand that this is a bare-bones
program it's never been designed to be a
entitlement program it's designed simply
to offer people an opportunity so dozens
of governors have said that they are
going to quote/unquote ban Syrian
refugees in their states what does that
mean for refugee resettlement
organizations such as yourself
immigration is a federal matter and if
the US government decides to admit
somebody into the country legally people
are free to move where they wish to move
after they arrive here so unless the
state governors are prepared to erect
orders and fences around their states
and control who comes in and out it will
be very difficult for them to actually
provide to deliver on this promise to
prevent resettlement from happening in
the first place in fact the US has taken
in the least number of refugees in
comparison to other Western nations but
the majority of the population are in
refugee camps in Lebanon and Jordan like
millions of Syrian refugees the Alvar
stems ended up a desert re refugee camp
don't come on japonica nothing Swan let
us okay that's a good finishing ma put
it in daddy
Newton Alex unity and imaginary so was
it easy for you to find all the
groceries and everything that you needed
when you first got here as soon as I
were gonna wait a minute this ended up
mom Samuel Clemens a Korean our
help guna named axon Shui for relax
anonymous Villa de meeting at Arkansas a
museum haibara commands AHA here Cahaba
mafia IMF in Hamamatsu stocky
Miyajima we don't leave until anything
she sorrows a house on us whether I'm on
how she'll us find you mean but proceed
whether this one is what she is she just
a man has little common sense it easy
shape with some their son has autism and
treatment in the refugee camps was
non-existent so the family decided to
leave but houssam had to work illegally
to pay for treatment because of his
immigration status y'know rotten milk
una tardado come so far Louis on
illegible Sambas komatsuna command and
lowly short overly Joan Alamo Stadium
tiniest moon of Rockland a mystery how
did you end up coming to the u.s. the
solution was a middle-aged local teen
i--when saloon is at Salford out loud I
had a totally fun of our fight for
honeymoon eat of kid yeah a shot spider
about the AL Bastien has a year two for
so this opportunity would be difficult
without the federal funding that
resettlement agencies get the program
currently gives each refugee a thousand
dollars and helps the family with things
like finding a doctor and enrolling kids
in school the financial assistance only
lasts a few months the entire process
requires cooperation and if more than
half the states are trying to ban Syrian
refugees the little support they
currently get will likely dissipate so
they can't actually ban refugees from
their states what can they do though
they can make life very difficult for
refugees and they working those working
with them they could for example require
that no state agency offers any
assistance which then means delays in
obtaining source security numbers that
can mean a very difficult task or from
enrolling children in school getting
health checks conducted trying to find a
job
how are some of the refuse
you that you are working with reacting
not well
refugees are the most scrutinized group
of travelers ever to enter the United
States period so it's perplexing to me
that some people have decided to
scapegoat those victims of terror to
score some political points to bring
tens of thousands of Syrian Muslim
refugees to America I think is
absolutely missing we cannot allow
ourselves at a time of great peril to
put ourselves voluntarily at even
greater risk just because there are some
folks who believe that it'll make our
country look better I don't want the
people from Syria coming in because we
don't know who they are we don't know
who they are how do you feel when you
hear about certain American politicians
say things like we don't want any more
Syrian refugees there are threats a
security threat how do you feel when you
hear things like that shattering helmet
on Muhammed Lee where I feel it on the
healthy horrible oh I fear then up for
now to demo fallen would kill you
good way to duel dr. war was a pleasure
say if I wanna hospital see it's hard
for the algorithms to ignore the
anti-refugee rhetoric that has been
pushed across the media in recent weeks
what were your first impressions when
you got to America yeah
happy
I feel lemon fictitious the model of
top-heavy and the look at my man
anemometer shakes I human body obviously
of Mahina shapes and man and from you
unhide it already firmly this is a major
issue of our day we are in the middle of
the largest refugee crisis since the
Second World War
over 60 million people have been
displaced the humanitarian world has run
out of money altogether and is trying to
figure out how to cope with this
situation do you think the u.s. is
currently a safe place to be a Syrian
refugee we as a society need to make
sure that they're safe it's on us if
anything happens to a Syrian refugee
resettlement is supposed to be a durable
solution as identified by UNHCR well
just how adorable is this durable
solution if the state that you're going
to doesn't want you there with all these
bombing campaigns that are now going on
there's nothing left in Syria and there
will be nothing left in Syria we all
know that so what are people to do are
they supposed to just disappear from the
face of earth or are they supposed to
seek safety for themselves and their
children
you
you
