mr. Putin's attitude the KGB trained all
Soviet mindset they are looking for
weakness to exploit showing that NATO is
United NATO means business and is ready
to defend its the only way to deter
possible Russian aggression
victory speeches LRV logins Guara sits
here at the college in North Ossetia yes
we're in Estonia with the Estonian
Defence League which is a national
militia with around 15,000 members and
since Russia annexed Crimea last year
the membership has gone up by 10 percent
right now we're in the forest there are
800 members all training in a combat
scenario over here they've got a little
guns of language they're firing at their
so-called enemy positions and all this
in some way is able to Russia's
aggression in Europe since Russia's
involvement in the Ukraine conflict
nearby Baltic states have been on high
alert for fear they too will be affected
Estonia which shares a border with
Russia spent 138 million euros and
military equipment last year the most in
the country's history the Estonian
Defence League is also the largest
militia in the region who trade
alongside NATO troops that are stationed
in the country the exercises is a final
exercise of career courses for future
commanders in defence Lee so we have
here different levels squad commanders
platoon leaders and company commanders
that eventually is acquiring the last
year I think 10% considering there were
15,000 members that's quite a lot me why
do you think that is it goes a little
bit more up when when in security
environment things are happening it was
exactly the same with with the Georgian
war it was just a little crane after
that we got a lot more people because
they saw that we are not just waiting
for some kind of theoretical war but we
are we are helping and contribution to
to
the security every day there are 800
volunteers of the Estonian Defence
League in this forest and they're very
well camouflaged we've been walking
about and every so often we'll just spot
somebody and they'd seen an extremely
well-trained considering they are
volunteering they're not getting paid
they just part of what is essentially a
militia why do you join this phone in
offensive as you know we will have some
big angry neighbors I'm not saying
they're specific who but it's the
Russian statement well the government
they call a state - yes they have from
with regard selling many other countries
any defense leaked is growing you know
in the last two years why do you think
that is everyone feels they are in
danger it's it's like if have been free
for like 20-something years then you
have your built something and you have
to do something because if you can't
protect yourself then then why should
others
great the enemy though here here and the
two you're surrounded not completely
lost untested the Estonian Defence
League seemed well trained and took the
prospects of deployment seriously they
operate under the Estonian Ministry of
Defence with many of its members in
possession of firearms making them a
legitimate for should they be needed by
the way you can see there's a guy here
just going to based businesses houses
there you have all these soldiers moving
about it looks like war but obviously
it's just a simulated combat when need
to playing sk√•l over your head you
don't know what you know something's
going on because this gives you the
feeling that something stirring it's not
as peaceful as we think here it shows
the thing they needed here in old Roman
Empire they said that silly spots and
Parabellum if you want a piece
prepare to war if Russia knows that
attacking Estonia it's not walking in
the park maybe Russia think twice we had
a very painful historical memories and
we don't want that year 1940 happened
again when our freedom was given up
without any resistance
in late 2014 Russian soldiers invaded
Crimea a peninsula in Ukraine with a
population made up of an ethnic Russian
majority after what is considered an
unfair referendum Crimea voted to join
the Russian Federation the conflict
between Ukraine and Russian backed
rebels has so far claimed the lives of
around 7,000 people spent well water
rather bloody business
25% of Estonia's population is made up
of ethnic Russians the majority live on
the country's eastern border with Russia
so as we're getting closer to Estonia
eastern border we're starting to see
Russia's influence for example here
there is an old Soviet tank which has
kind of been put on display for
everybody to see most is just a relic of
war it does seem little weird to have a
big Soviet tank stations right here with
flowers on it
considering this country's only had
independence from the Soviets for the
last 24 years 25 percent of Estonia's
population is made up of ethnic Russians
the majority live on the country's
eastern border with Russia we went to
Nava the third largest city in Estonia
which sits just 300 meters from Russia
on one side of a connecting bridge like
Crimea the majority of Navas population
is made up of ethnic Russians at nearly
90% could you just explain to me what
life is like for ethnic Russians here in
Estonia the people people living in
Estonia but mostly were living in
mindfully living in Russia it's only the
small amount of the people who are not
supporting the Russian where activity in
Ukraine the people more trustful taking
the news from Russia not from Estonia or
the Western sources NATO said that you
know there's a lot of aggression from
Russia towards the Baltics that's why
they're kind of fortifying borders but
actually it's quite comfortable to think
about the Russian aggression sitting in
the headquarter in the Brussels
it's far away but we are just what see
it's Russian if the enemies yes if we
want to invade Norway it will be taken
with the 15 or 20 minutes because we
have no any powers anything is likely
Russia would ever actually try to you
know come over and take novel or have a
referendum here the people doesn't want
we'd have more good social fair here to
compare it to Russia
come on it's not for us as was the case
under the Soviet Union ethnic Russians
are economically better off in Estonia
than they would be in Russia to get an
idea of how ethnic Russians are treated
today we spoke to the chairman of the
union of ethnic Russians in Estonia it
works in Nava and throughout the country
in response to Russia the things that
have happened in Ukraine been NATO bases
you know built up here in Estonia but in
a lot of US troops as an ethnic Russian
living in Estonia I mean what do you
think about that putting my little
normally produced iron is just was the
Theresia not ask Arthur Miller algae
it was a white as a witness to Brazilian
yes it does his cousin PI dot
Nara Junior prestigious whisks a Yannick
start of tokenism
Mussolini was prema katha cut privately
Nana hood is chakra thomna prolene yes
roots motif Naraku store no to move a
tomato a DVD would school and do you
think maybe because there's so many
Russians here another do you think Nava
should be a part of Russia what Bruce
does Totnes loose nuanced cotton plant
Potamus term
yes least Oh wishes to our miscellanea
preservation Kizuna crystal Sebastian of
bajiquan kalokhe August's
Jelena at Seguin Sato munich tony
prepares yes creative or disaster on
egypt agasa bert provided to taesu never
know prevail or pre-op resolute of damn
by sir
la muchacha 1002
yeah just a plain novel where many
Soviet soldiers are buried this guy here
is a former Soviet and then telling us
that this whole plot all these words
have been paid for by the Kremlin so
what do you think about the situation in
Estonia now because you have NATO troops
here US troops the EU are about to send
a hundred new troops here yet yeah pasta
dough mr. Sulu peacekeeper boudoir
Selenia way on Oprah suits Thierry
giorgia personally stress to magnet a
nice classy why am i serious keep Enola
biscuit or Muslim product on key product
quality would you say Russians not
treated the same as Estonians like
ethnic Russians here in Estonia
aposematic presently Messina of parallel
cooked a muskie is collecting stones to
stamp actually crossed if you start now
aishwarya it's a motion ago it
integrates a disintegrates
Nouriel NeuroSky new nevada pushing
Makoku like mechanism oprah Chiellini
any unlikely event that Russia did come
out of the border and try and invite
Estonia do you think the Estonian
Defence League and a chance but almost
the Pope to two steps later who know
grainy luteum cutter engraved on schemes
of chana dal Shabet problemo
the ruski Maria Anita kike goose curacy
WIC Tom - Carlos - Teresa there was no
longer a cancer you know what
touken yes the yummy ricotta no use
chameleon like the one hijacking was
faithful its key since Russia's
aggression in Ukraine has been a notable
increase in NATO presence in the Baltics
in Estonia American fighter jets are
stationed at one of the country's
military airbases camp amory today we're
going out to top a range over on the
east side of Tallinn I've been here for
just about a month so far I think it's a
beautiful country the flying has been
really good and can't complain about
weather like this so you're looking at
the a-10 aptly named the warthog they
like the look of the shark teeth painted
it on there and then at the same time
they picked up the nickname of Flying
Tigers it looks scary
it's fantastic isn't it it's a thing of
beauty
yeah yeah we we say there's nothing
better in the world than flying jets
with teeth
the 74th Fighter Squadron right now is
participating in the theater security
package as part of operation Atlantic
resolve operation Atlantic resolve is a
demonstration of the United States
commitment to its NATO allies a lot of
what I've read especially in the annual
report from Estonia they say they're
concerned about aggression from Russia
because of course you know things going
on in Europe we do you think that's a
part of why they were perhaps requests
for you know the Allies to come event
certainly worldwide there's been some
destabilization down in the Ukraine area
the real reason we're here is to enhance
a peace and stability through this
region a lot of people say oh well the
fact that Americans are in Estonia it's
almost like you know assignment
provocation
so any military force inherently has a
deterrent effect where that deterrence
is felt or looked at or projected can be
really a perception based on the people
looking right when you you leave
someone's home you'd always like to be
invited back and not have someone ask
hey happy they're gone right so yeah all
indications are two thumbs up
we spoke to Colonel Jack terian it
recently came under criticism from the
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs they
called his plans to expand a Murray
airbase for increased NATO presence an
openly provocative step okay welcome to
the air traffic control tower of Emory
airbase we got two Estonian controllers
we have American representative here and
we have German air force representative
since first of May last year 2014 we
have had NATO units here on a rotational
basis performing the NATO Baltic Air
Policing mission following President
Obama's visit last year in September
when he said that he would see amore is
a great place for increased American
presence here why do you think Knights
have decided you know within the last
two years suddenly start doing all this
when it really started doing when Russia
occupied Crimea and in February and
March Estonian people were quite nervous
I got asked by close family and friends
say is it time to back our families to
ships and to a safer place and credit
for war people were that afraid you know
when the ally started showing up it
really can't people down have you seen
any actual threats if they try to breach
the airspace or anything like that
well we've seen numerous exercises the
snap-snap exodus that are infamous now
on the Ukrainian border they had large
exercises so this is kind of their
standard practice Russia will say well
you know America are just trying to use
Estonia to kind of bully us to show that
there's aggression here I mean what do
you think - that Soviet propaganda has
always done that I grew up as a kid in
Soviet Union in Soviet occupied Estonia
and I remember being five years old and
discussing with my buddies are we going
to see your 2000s and we came to a
conclusion that no because America is
building a neutral
they're coming with war so that was the
product of Soviet propaganda in the
unlikely event the Russian did invade
and they crossed the border how
effective do you think all of this would
be the current troop level of course
would not be sufficient to withhold
Russian invasion it is here to remind
mr. Putin that this is NATO and he
wouldn't have an illusion that he would
get away with a bilateral conflict to
the stoner he knows that he's attacking
entire night on gadget time boy what
can't get up for some Friday morning
flights in NATO country you're not even
trying
this right here was the original Walt
Disney drawing of the Flying Tigers
pretty the most easily this that's
correct okay yeah pretty neat right
being a NATO country allows Estonia
protection under article 5 of the North
Atlantic Treaty this Clause states that
an attack on one NATO ally is considered
an attack on all of them
meaning if Russia invaded Estonia it
would potentially start to conflict with
the whole of NATO whilst NATO justifies
its presence as a means of fortifying
the Baltics where she claimed that it's
an act of provocation towards them
my Romero
so let me know go to bed they appeared
on a song he'll say seen only the audio
he sort of brother neither can a shitty
me Oliver nineties right wrong his name
is an important food in the unlikely
event that there was a show of
aggression directly here in Estonia from
Russia how do you think the defense Lee
would do the armed citizens is the best
deterrence what one can have and if the
armed citizens are also having a
enormous defense wall that will multiply
the these affairs but some people are
it's cool defensively you can say that
they quite anti-russian I mean what
would you respond to that
everybody's are interesting in in in
their propaganda but we are we are not
against anyone we are blessed with our
neighbors but but but just one who makes
us trouble if that one invades another
sovereign country or naturally we have
some suspicions on that so basically I I
went through this this two hundred forty
seven hours now I need to do some
practicing basically so I I become
Sartre are you ready to fight the
Russian jet I hope that they won't cross
the border but if somebody whoever
crosses our border we will defend our
country
the Estonian Defence League is growing
in size and the NATO presence in the
country is ongoing however it seems the
fear of being invaded is stronger than
the actual threat of Russia crossing the
border but what was Russian invasion in
Estonia was unlikely Putin's recent
unpredictable foreign policy as the
country on edge
you
