so in 30 to 60 years we could see
nations completely wiped off the map
because of sea level rise absolutely
they could be completely wiped off the
map and this has tremendous
ramifications not only for the survival
of this country but also looking at
where are these people going to go
diplomats from around the world have
been meeting without success for over 20
years in an effort to hammer out a
United Nations agreement on climate
change this year they're meeting in
Paris as 2015 is on track to be the
hottest year ever recorded hotter
temperatures and rising seas are already
changing the environment but what sort
of impacts will they have on humans
plants and animals
I met with Shila reg EV to discuss the
issue
she's a UN delegate for the Maldives a
nation under severe threat by rising sea
levels she explains some of the
lesser-known ways that climate change is
already having alarming impacts you're
part of the negotiating team for the
Maldives which is a low-lying state
threatened with sea level rise in what
ways are low-lying nations like the
Maldives threatened differently than say
rich countries like the United States or
European nations so low lying at all
nations like the Maldives and there's
several of them in the Pacific as well
including Carabosse the Marshall Islands
Tuvalu just a minor increase in sea
level rise can have the more extreme
impact and a more devastating impact in
many of these places particularly
because many of these areas the
settlements as well are on coastal zones
and so one time single extreme events
can have a bigger impact on these
nations and it's not really a matter of
even just destruction from storms it
really is a matter of their survival for
many of these countries they might be
entirely submerged by water anywhere
from 30 to 60 years looking at some of
the projections that we're seeing well
so in 30 to 60 years we could see
nations completely wiped off the map
because of sea level rise absolutely and
this has tremendous ramifications and
implications not only for the survival
of this country but also looking at
where are these people going to go
there's going to be a tremendous amount
of displacement potentially migration or
climate refugees that that might have to
be resolves or reconciled at the
international level so you're talking
about setting up mechanisms for
transferring entire populations from
these nations to resettle in other
countries potentially yes so so many
countries as they are entering into
these climate negotiations are looking
for some sort of remedy to this issue
they want some sort of assurance that
and a recognition that they are
experiencing exceptional circumstances
due to climate change and that there
really is the global community behind
them and really in a concerted effort to
address their their particular
circumstances how many people are we
talking about how many people
potentially could be displaced
permanently from their homes their
nations because of the rising sea levels
the populations themselves of Pacific
Islands and the Maldives for example are
in the hundreds of thousands but it
really isn't just an issue of only small
islands there's also low-lying countries
like Bangladesh which is the most
densely populated country in the world
and many of these areas might also
experience inundation of sea level in
terms of coastal erosion or coastal
flooding that will render many places
uninhabitable can you give some examples
of the way in which climate change is
shifting the habitats of animals and
plant species a really good example is
tuna so as climate change occurs it
warms the ocean which alters the
temperature of the ocean but also the
currents and this also has implications
for tuna migratory patterns so in many
places tuna might be moving into deeper
seas which will require fishermen to
obtain and acquire larger boats to
enable them to fish but also this means
that fish are moving into different
fishing territories which also have
implications for different countries and
their fishing rights which is alarming
because that's not just climate change
moving these fish species around it's
it's impacting economies it's impacting
livelihoods and it sounds like it's
impacting potentially the food supply
exactly it's affecting food supply but
also the nutrition value of how
communities
countries are acquiring their protein
and their livelihoods are you hopeful
that there is going to be an agreement a
sufficient agreement coming out of Paris
I'm hopeful that there will be a
agreement I don't think it will be
perfect I think that it will really
serve as a basis or a foundation for
countries to collaborate together over
the next few decades I don't think that
it's going to be a comprehensive or
sufficient response to entirely halt
global warming and and really
comprehensively allow us to adapt to its
impacts but I do think that will make
tremendous amount of progress in
understanding how we can begin to work
together as a global community
you
