I think on a certain level if you want
to kind of create the perfect risk its
climate change because it feels distant
and until something actually feels like
it connects to your life and what you
care about you're just not gonna you're
not going to worry about it
97% of qualified climate scientists say
the earth is getting hotter and humans
are to blame yet in the United States at
least large segments of the population
continue to think that global warming
doesn't exist or that it's not a product
of human action some activists blame the
media or the public figures who deny
climate change others say it's because
global warming is often seen as a
distant threat rather than the cause of
dramatic storms rising sea levels and
ever creeping global temperatures i sat
down with climate scientist Heidi column
to discuss why it's so hard to get
people to care about climate change and
what can be done to help people
understand its consequences what are the
challenges to talking about climate
change what makes it more difficult than
talking about say national security
issues or business and finance issues
the closeness of of how the issue feels
to us the further something feels from
us whether it's in time it's in space
whether it's psychologically whether
it's in terms of our value system the
less urgent it feels and the less we're
inclined to be concerned about it I
think on a certain level if you want to
kind of create the perfect risk its
climate change because it feels distant
on all of those platforms and until
something actually feels like it
connects to your life and what you care
about you're just not gonna you're not
going to worry about it how much do
attitudes in the United States about
climate change differ from other nations
in places like Latin America in Africa
in parts of Asia climate change ranks
really high people are incredibly
concerned about it and I think what we
see is the greater country's
vulnerability the more likely they are
to really be concerned about it and
interestingly enough in Europe and in
the US and in Canada Isis was actually
listed as the top threat in what ways
can you convey the risks associated to
climate change and those possible
solutions what are some examples of how
to do that you know it's funny I
actually I look at California in some
ways as as a great example of how we're
kind of grappling with this there's been
multiple studies at this point that have
shown that you know climate change has
exacerbated the drought the drought
would not be as bad if the planet wasn't
as warm as it is and so on a certain
level that brings it closer and I guess
for me that's why I do really think that
will internalize climate change through
the increasingly extreme weather that we
experience
I think maybe that's sort of the
underlying challenge here is that when
we're presented with something that may
seem bigger than we are we're
recognizing that we have to do things
fundamentally different and that's the
part that I think is really terrifying
for folks because we're used to yeah
this is the way we do things and and
imagining kind of living differently is
is important here we are heading into UN
negotiations it's the twenty-first year
that nations have been meeting trying to
come to an agreement on how to reduce
emissions that are causing the planet to
warm it seems based on that this is
incredible failure of the political
process
yeah it's it's not enough and and I
think this is where we just we have to
recognize that it's it's sort of these
these two things coming together I mean
we need leadership on the issue because
we can't solve it by ourselves but at
the same time we have to give our
leaders signals that we care about this
and we have to pay attention to what's
going on during the talks in Paris and
we really have to make it clear that
that we want them to walk away with an
agreement because yeah we can't wait
another 50 years right
