Richard Morgan became homeless six years
ago when the auto shop where he worked
went under he couched her for a year but
ran out of options and moved to a
shelter well you know i did i tried that
when I first came literally I don't know
Street homeless and I could only stand
it for about two months and that's if I
drank that was part of my self
medication for the bipolar crowd anxiety
well they don't like you drink and I
didn't like drinking that much and it
was easier to move then he moved to the
streets but police harassment eventually
forced him to the woods one of the
tricks is getting in and out here
without leaving footprints is but it's
got about a half a foot of snow on the
ground haha it sounds extreme but we
soon found he wasn't alone taking a
little stroll through the woods yeah
how's it going man good we've only been
walking a couple minutes but all through
the woods back here you see evidence
that people stay out here to avoid the
citations the police give for public
camping how many people staying back
well we're in our area there is 1 2 3 5
5 10 and the number will soon grow
