this university owes us everything I
wonder on this campus understand that
this was built on the backs of my people
and I hope none of you guys anything we
don't white people nothing
what is going on in college campuses in
America there are over 23 universities
now which have minority and black
student protest movements demanding
changes saying that there's
institutional racism engrained inside
the system and these are some of the
most prestigious colleges in the country
this one is Princeton University in New
Jersey there's a group of students right
now who are occupying the president's
office they've got demands they want to
see changes and we want to find out what
they are the group of students have
called for reforms here at Princeton
their main demand is to rename the
School of Public and International
Affairs named after former President
Woodrow Wilson who was a known
segregationist and a racist
this was the scene at another Ivy League
bastion of privilege Yale just a day
earlier students there are demanding
that a dormitory named in honor of an
advocate of slavery be renamed and that
faculty who refused to ban Halloween
costumes as some students found
offensive be fired their protests got
widespread attention when this incident
surfaced student is angry at one of the
members of faculty who refused to
explicitly ban the Halloween costumes
these Ivy League protests follow on
events at a state school the University
of Missouri where african-american
students have faced overt racist attacks
and resigning as president of the
University of Missouri system protesters
there succeeded in getting President Tim
Wolfe to admit he hadn't done enough to
fight racism on campus and to step down
back at Princeton I tried to find out
more about what campus life was like for
minority students is there a problem
with racism on campus and Princeton like
there was in Missouri no it's not over
racism it's an institutionalized racism
that you find at a lot of places of
higher education that were founded by
some of the pioneers of this nation
Woodrow Wilson included there's a lot of
people who although they did great
things there are other issues that they
have helped to cause in terms of
institutionalization of racial prejudice
so basically what you're calling for is
all of the buildings or institutions
named after Woodrow Wilson to be changed
to a different name yes I feel like
these demands are
achieve a bowl but a reasonable so this
is Nassau Hall is where the president's
offices this is the atrium where a bunch
of students are having their sit-in
protests but the president's office is
actually behind that door which is
guarded by a university security guard
who's not letting anybody through so we
might have to go around and try to speak
to them through the window if we want to
talk to anybody who's in the actual
office of the president the 17 people
holed up in the president's office were
members of a student organization called
the Black Justice League how long have
you guys been in that
how long do you plan on staying in there
indefinitely
so would your Wilson was not only a
product of his time but I mean he was an
overtly racist person he has a
connection
yeah a connection to the Ku Klux Klan
right so he has contributed to the slow
yet very present genocide of black
people in this country what are your
other than our other two demands our
cultural competency training requirement
for faculty is that students
additionally we are demanding a black
space on campus and what about the
threats that were made against you what
specific threats have been made for the
occupation that you're holding now
coming from administration they have
threatened us with disciplinary action
if we do not leave president ice
Cooper's office which can really range
from anything such as a warning to
expulsion from the school most people
think of Wilson as a rather progressive
figure he was the president behind the
New Deal reforms during the Great
Depression but what they don't know is
his position on segregation he actually
told a group of black protesters who
came to see him once that segregation
was beneficial whatever his past today
Princeton's International Affairs school
is known around the world as the Woodrow
Wilson School so what are those who
study there think of a possible change
to the name they'll eventually see
printed on their degree no one disagrees
that Woodrow Wilson was an absolute
racist bigot success to say that his
name continuing to be honored through
our school doesn't affect people and
it's just something that they're doing
out of political correctness comes from
a place of ignorance Woodrow Wilson
School of Public Affairs is a name
that's known around the world and will
help them get jobs and if suddenly the
certificate that they get and at the end
of their study says something else that
might be a problem for some students I'd
be much more honored to graduate from an
institution
even if it is a recent name change even
if it doesn't have the prestige that
this name has had only because of the
passage of time because it represents
real activism that took place on campus
it's clear that plenty of students would
be happy to see Wilson's name scrubbed
from campus but not every student so
yucky AK is an application on your phone
it's like the anonymous message board
that works by location so everybody at
Princeton is posting things on it and
while we've had difficulty finding
somebody who wants to speak on camera
about the fact that they're opposed to
the protest movement here on Yik yak
there's tons of posts from students who
aren't sure that they want to see the
reforms implemented or the names changed
back at Nassau Hall the sit-in had just
got word that Princeton's president
Christopher i's Gruber had agreed to
negotiate with the group occupying his
office
we all had nothing this university owes
us everything this was built on the
backs of my people and I notice you guys
anything
so I don't know what's gonna happen but
we may be here a while and might be
another way nine here so if anybody
wants to go get their stuff here
comfortable I can tell you for a fact
I'm not going outside in that rain to be
right here it's so if anybody needs to
go get their stuff you can do that we're
gonna stay here and chance solidarity so
they can hear us and feel like empowered
by our solidarity but again like if
anybody wants to go get their stuff and
just try to get comfortable I'm gonna do
that in a second we heard from an
activist that the president had offered
not to take disciplinary action against
the student occupiers if they agreed to
leave the office the same day but
negotiations were dragging on because
the protesters were refusing to leave
until eyes Gruber signed a document that
agreed to some of their demands in the
meantime we finally managed to find the
student who opposed the protest who was
also willing to speak on camera it's
very obvious that there is a genuine
feeling of pain and a marginalization on
this campus but I think that some of the
demands are at least in their early form
we're a little bit too much I don't have
any problems with the idea of a black
space on campus however where I really
strongly disagree is that the Woodrow
Wilson School of International Affairs
should be renamed because the idea of
legacy is really important to me so
Woodrow Wilson may have been a racist
and we should acknowledge that as an
institution but we should also
acknowledge that he created normative
structure for international relations
that has led to the United Nations and
to not acknowledge that in his alma
mater and in this you shouldn't
institution he was president of I think
would be it would be wrong back at NASA
Hall the administration had finally
convinced the protesters to evacuate the
office after reaching an intermediary
agreement
left tonight there would be no formal
like reports filed or anything like that
if we told them that four hours leave
tonight these signatures for these
demands and so they sign it University
leadership didn't agree explicitly to
change the name of the Woodrow Wilson
School but the document does state that
the institution's board will consider
the proposal administration also didn't
agree to require staff to take cultural
sensitivity training but it did promise
to give the students the black space a
room for african-americans woody campus
and that it would consider separate
housing for black students and those
interested in black culture
you can ensure that these things happen
right we will be there throughout the
process I'll be ensure this goes all the
way to the end
you
