less than two years after 9/11 Abu Omar
you know appears on the radar of the CIA
of Italian intelligence and he's giving
fiery anti-american speeches in the lead
up to the Iraq war I mean try to imagine
the way we're contending with not just
as a nation here in the US but around
the world this sort of fear there's so
much fear in the aftermath of these
attacks in Paris and that's the same
type of fear that was you know that was
taking place within these you know
intelligence services
hey there I'm Jason Leopold I'm an
investigative reporter for vice news and
I'm here on the line today to talk about
a new documentary I just produced about
a notorious CIA rendition and one former
CIA officers quest to clear her name for
being wrapped up in this rendition I'm
joined by my co-producer host and
partner in crime
Kaja Larson who is in Los Angeles hey
Kosh how's it going good jaehwi we miss
you out here on the west coast we're
separated by a continent now but excited
to talk a little torture and rendition
today and it's a good time for it huh
always yeah it's always a good time I've
heard the Inquisition so the two dudes
in the office nobody wants to sit next
to we're always just talk about torture
renditions national security right
classified info maybe right yeah there's
always something light your clouds
hanging over us believe it or not
there's some people on the internet who
actually wanted to talk to you and
there's skyping with us today so I hate
to Sean first so Johnny there yeah how's
it going hey Sean hey Jason I gosh I
guess doing today
right good I just had a few questions
for you just watched the documentary
last night and I really liked it my
first question is how did you gain
access to Sabrina well qoj and I have
been working with Sabrina for about a
year I mean she's you know she's a
former CIA officer who her story has
been told before she has been she was
indicted prosecuted convicted for this
for this rendition
but Koch and I were hoping that there
may be some new information some new
details about her case and that surfaced
some months ago and we worked on this
and we headed out to to Portugal where
she was that's some cos you want to
weigh in on any of that
yeah actually actually you know Jason I
have been working in the national
security of domain for the better
part of a decade and Jason has a deep
reservoir of contacts within the
intelligence community and I have some
some very good relationships there as
well and about a year ago Sabrina came
out and had lunch with us here in Los
Angeles and was sort of pining about how
difficult her life was and you could
almost sense like a sense of desperation
that she was gonna do something and then
when she finally did when she actually
traveled overseas despite the arrest
warrant against her first person she
called was was Jason and said hey this
is what I'm doing and we said even
though this thing happened almost a
decade ago it's over a decade ago
actually it's still really relevant
today because of you know what Sabrina
de yeah can we hey Michael can we play a
clip the second clip just to sort of
kind of a gain an understanding of what
she's going through
you have tried multiple channels to get
your name cleared from this incident
right oh absolutely I had gone through
every single option internally in the
CIA starting with the Ombudsman who was
told to back off the grievance office
the EEO even office that were probably
not even relevant to anything I was just
trying to find something and the
interesting thing about Washington is
how a cover-up takes up effect she knows
like a cancer it starts off in the CIA
and then they involve the Department of
Defense so then it's spread to justice
such a spread here there and then all
the way up to Congress the u.s. starts
off with one thing alone we don't
acknowledge renditions so yeah so this
is you know that that was just a moment
in you know in this in this documentary
where college was speaking to Sabrina
about all the efforts that she took over
the years to try and clear her name to
try and gain some accountability in this
case and what she was really up against
in the fact that her her efforts went
nowhere okay did you have another
question yes I did I did notice I found
this strange actually
that there's no other CIA officers or at
least you didn't mention this within
that operation that are trying to clear
their names because if it in case like
what happened and actually occurred then
why are not other CIA officers trying to
clear the names unless they don't want
to go to Europe but I just want to know
do you know if there's any other CIA
officers there trying to clear their
names beside Sabrina Kosh can you I take
that one yeah sure absolutely totally
legitimate question I mean one important
thing to remember is that of the 23
convictions 19 of them were indicted
under essentially false names right
these were aliases covers that they were
using for the operation so those
particular convictions carry no actual
weight they have no impact on the
people's lives the real people's lives
there has been some really good
investigative journalism work where
they've been able to to trace who those
people are but since they're convicted
under aliases they're free to travel
under their real names or if like some
of them are still potentially
contracting for the agency they can
travel whether under other aliases now
the for declared people who were
actually convicted under their real
names Sabrina is one of them and she
claims that she wasn't actually involved
in the rendition and then there is
another guy named Bob lady who was the
the station chief in Milan at the time
and Bob lady is a longtime CIA officer
in Italy he actually had a villa in
Italy that he planned to retire in he
was arrested in Panama briefly when he
did travel he was able to to get out
before he was extradited to Italy so
this rendition and the subsequent
convictions has had vast consequences
for Bob lady who intended to retire in
his villa in Italy which was then
subsequently seized the the other two
parties seem not to be interested none
of the other also significant is that
the other people who were actually
convicted under their real names none of
them claimed as Sabrina does that they
were not deeply involved in the
rendition they may have remained quiet
Sabrina says that her
conviction was false because she wasn't
there she claims she was on a ski trip
at the time as Jason will tell you the
Italian prosecutor feels differently
yeah and in addition to that you know
just just going to your question as
quickly is that you know this was a this
is a story about her about her efforts
and the fact of the matter is is that
the the lengths that she has gone to try
and clear her name it's pretty
unprecedented I mean there are very very
few people in this world in this you
know this the former CIA officers in the
intelligence community that have taken
the steps that she's taken she's written
the letters to members of Congress she's
met with the House and Senate oversight
committees she sued the CIA the State
Department she has a higher number of
lawyers and you know met with human
rights groups so what she's doing what
she continues to do to try and clear her
name
is is very unique and so this this story
is really about her efforts and and what
she was facing all right thanks for the
clarification I just have one last
question it's a lengthy one I'll try to
get through it in regards to France and
the attacks that occurred in Paris last
week
they've already declared a state of
emergency you know started their own
form of the Patriot Act if you will or
at least this stepping stone towards it
with warrantless searches and wiretaps
etc but that being said do you think we
can potentially see France or other EU
nations attempt to breach sovereignty of
another country to apprehend a suspect
such as in the case in Italy in the
United States that's a that's a good
question you know it's this was a
particularly unique case again Italy the
reason why the prosecutor was so upset
is that it violated Italy's sovereignty
and he said it was flat-out illegal look
you know after 9/11 the the US and other
countries you put put in place a number
of different counterterrorism policies
that allowed them to
you allow them to undertake you know
whether it's a you know rendition or
indefinite detention so I mean that it
really remains to be seen what you know
what what the US and what other
countries would do I mean it's important
to note that even though after Obama was
sworn into office and he outlawed the
use of enhanced interrogation techniques
torture and the use of the and the the
CIA's black side facilities he also said
that he was going to end rendition
but renditions still continue under this
administration so it's it's up in the
air cos did you want to weigh in on that
at all
yeah just briefly what I'll say is I
think what you saw prior to the Paris
attacks was a trend line of looking back
at the policies and practices in the
global war on terror and thinking
especially in Europe about
accountability and how we can create a
bulwark since against what they believe
or many of them perceived to be excesses
in the global war on terror I think what
Paris might have the effect of in the
future is kind of a cooling effect on
that accountability the French now have
you know I don't want to make out of
scale comparisons but this could be a
very seminal moment for French and they
have to now think very deeply about all
those issues that we had to think about
as a nation after 9/11 which is how do
you balance Liberty versus security and
all of the complicated legal and moral
issues that that raises indeed thanks
for your questions appreciate it yeah
thanks guys
yeah thanks John so Jason cash we got
some people tweeting at us and just
reminder we'll be watching for tweets
during the show if anybody has any
questions um but Matt Mills wants to
know when you guys were listening to
D'Souza tell her story about her ski
holiday did you believe it was there any
part of you that questioned the veracity
of her story I think Hodge would be best
to answer that question
there was a very tense exchange between
between College and Sabrina at that
particular moment at the
side of the cafe and portugal gosh yeah
yeah Jason's absolutely right absolutely
I mean look both Jason and I are
skeptics and there were parts of
Sabrina's story that didn't completely
make sense to us or didn't seem to add
up and we approached her her entire line
of defense with I think a healthy degree
of skepticism you don't actually have an
empirical evidence that she was on a ski
trip during this time the prosecutor
also claims that he has evidence to the
contrary but the ski trip ends up being
a little bit of a red herring because
you know as we learned from armando's
the part of the prosecutor it's not just
the people who execute it it's the
people who are involved in the planning
and things like that so yes in fact
we've had Jason and I had a few chuckles
in the Edit Bay every time she said it
there's something about her her delivery
that that doesn't seem genuine but at
the end of the day it doesn't matter
whether she was on a ski trip or not
those legal issues and her culpability
like is there regardless of the ski trip
and you know at the same time cause I
you know she actually understood that
this is you know we're reporters our job
is to you know ferret out not just
information but the facts and the truth
and that's what we were that's what we
were doing that's what you were doing
when you were when you were discussing
that with her so you know in this world
of which we're dealing with you know
former CIA operatives and there's a lot
of covert activity and you know the
bottom line is we don't know you know
we're trying to determine what's you
know what's true and what's not true and
but that's you know that's what we were
up against oh yeah that that that
skepticism was definitely there thanks
Michael for for that tweet
oh yeah and Matt dude I hope we made you
so let's say you know who's calling us
on skype so once you charm in with your
questions man all right guys what's up
essa
got a question so how far did the CIA
have to go before they become the
criminals themselves gosh take that
question brother well I think you were
asking how far does the CIA have to go
before they become criminals themselves
there is a an entire body and statute of
legislation that governs CIA activities
and I think there's this mythology out
there that the CIA can sort of operate
at well and they can make up their own
rules than that they can assassinate
people there there certainly is a direct
you know presidential findings like sign
off at the highest level and that's one
of the things that was so fascinating
about our case that Sabrina kept kept
hammering and I think rightfully so is
that you know this rendition was not a
rogue rendition it was signed off at the
very highest levels of government now
that being said regardless of whether it
was domestically considered legal the
activities the agency it appears to be a
clear violation of international law so
one of the reasons Jason Leopold and I
were so fascinated with this case is
that the pressure and the tension it put
on international law and diplomacy the
honest I don't have a good answer to
your question because the line is super
blurry what's legal in the United States
could be criminal in Italy if you kidnap
an Italian off of sovereign nations soil
it's a murky murky area and it's
continues to be relevant today which is
why we we're so committed to doing this
documentary yeah and you know Sabrina
even said that when you were speaking
with her cause and you know you asked
the question about about rendering the
cleric Abu Omar to Egypt and the fact
that Egypt is a country known for for
torture and human rights violations and
you know Kosh had asked Sabrina wouldn't
that alone you
make this rendition illegal and and she
noted that you know not in the eyes not
in the US it made it you know maybe so
outside of the us outside of domestic
territory but you know the the findings
that were put into place after 9/11
essentially authorized the CIA to do
everything to you know root out this
threat this threat from al Qaeda and it
did give the CIA unprecedented powers so
you know she had noted that many times
that there's you know that her efforts
are about accountability and she does
want to see individuals prosecuted but
you know that's it very unlikely that
you know that that would happen okay
just one more question
when blowback does happen who's
ultimately responsible charge again did
she go back is when blowback happens yes
yeah you know I mean I think that's one
of the great unanswered questions of
this documentary is who's accountable
for these actions and who ultimately
signs off on it at the end of the day it
looks like there was some high-level
collusion between top officials and
States government and top officials in
the Italian government and my maybe this
is just my own personal opinion having
Spencer at the time might be as a foot
soldier at the low rungs of the totem
pole but my instinct is that it's never
really the people who execute these
actions it's the people who design and
authorize the the larger policies that
should really be held accountable and
it's also where there's there's been no
accountability so what Jason mentioned
earlier in terms of torture by proxy is
what he was alluding to sending somebody
to a country to be tortured the truth is
there's been zero accountability for
those types actions yeah and you know
the the other part of that is that you
know in this doc
memory aside from telling Sabrina's
story there's also this story about
justice her pursuit of justice the
prosecutors pursuit of justice the
member of European Parliament who is
trying to pursue justice even Abdul Omar
the the cleric who's trying to pursue
justice in you know in the European
Court of Human Rights so they all are
somewhat self-serving in their efforts
to do so but but are very you know
interested in you know in that outcome
it's yeah it's difficult you know these
are the you know these are programs that
largely remain under the radar you have
Europe many European countries who
cooperated with the CIA and allowed this
to happen that's what makes this
particular rendition in this case so
unique the fact that the prosecutor you
know indicted and won convictions
regarding the the roles at the CIA
officers played I mean that's that's
unheard of and so he was really
operating on his own whereas in other
countries it's just you know they just
been looking at it under the rug okay
thanks thank you yeah so thanks for
coming on man so hey Michael can we just
died you know actually I think this
would actually make a good moment to
sort of play that first clip where where
college is actually talking about the
you know the rendition the rendition of
a below mark was actually went out to
the actual street where he was rendered
in Milan on February 17th 2003 Abu Omar
disappeared off a street and more table
Omar is walking down this very street on
his way to the mosque for a noon prayers
he's stopped by an Italian police
officer who's also a CIA informant and
during this time Abu Omar fails to
notice that there's a white van parked
directly behind him door to the van
slides open two hands reach out grab him
rip him into the vehicle door slams shut
and he disappears yeah and you know when
we cause when we were out there actually
walking on that Street and and seeing
that this is you know that this has not
only happened in broad daylight but that
what our surroundings what was you know
what was taking place I mean that's
where it's sort of hit us like this was
a bold move by the CIA right I mean this
was Wow broad daylight
you know noon I mean it's unbelievable
that they would that they did that yeah
I mean overall like this was a difficult
documentary to make but I think that was
our our most interesting day when we
could actually you know walk a hundred
meters in Abu Omar shoes walk down the
very street that he walked every day and
sort of imagine put ourselves in the
headspace of what happened on that
fateful day yeah in 2003 it kind of put
the whole thing in context like you said
to do it in broad daylight like that was
ballsy
we did see though lots and lots of white
vans going through and through those
streets so kind of understood why they
were why they chose a white van yeah
they were watching you yeah anyway we
can go on to our next question
yeah and you know guys we actually got
this question from Sabrina de Souza
herself she to you Jason the email so
you already know what's coming oh it's a
with the curtain a little bit but in
your interview with the Milan prosecutor
did he ever explain why not a single
Egyptian official was held accountable
or factored into the investigation and
this is she's pointing out that the
prosecutor had noted that he couldn't
obtain a conviction without the smoking
gun so why wasn't me who I weren't
rather Egyptian officials held
accountable I mean I'll take yeah I
think it's just a simple case of
jurisdiction I mean already what he did
was so far-reaching in terms of his
investigation
but really the crime that he had
jurisdiction over took place on Italian
soil and that's where he could launch
prosecution there's been some some other
nascent efforts now in other European
nations ie Germany to potentially reopen
this investigation Germany is relevant
because the rendition flight which is
sometimes pejoratively dubbed the
torture bird where the plane they
actually took Abu Omar on made a stop in
Germany at Ramstein Air Force Base so
the German prosecutor who's been looking
at this case believes he has
jurisdiction but quite frankly there's
there's just there's no long arm of
justice from the Italian perspective
that that can reach to into Egypt and
and look at what happened to Abu Omar
after he was subsequently rendition
there yeah and you know just on that
note with Portugal I mean that was the
sort of you know the big the big reveal
if you will while we were out there is
that you know with Germany that is well
you know that Sabrina is working with a
German prosecutor German human rights
legal firm and and in hopes of getting a
new investigation opened that the
prosecutor will take it on in Germany
and ultimately that would reveal new
details about this and perhaps lead to
her being cleared for culpability in it
as well so that's that that was an
important note from from our interview
and it also just goes to show like how
absolutely committed to this cause
Sabrina is right this didn't end with
her documentary produced by us like she
continues to hammer and hammer she is
relentless which it does does beg the
question like why like in it and it
makes you feel a lot of empathy for her
plight and did yeah
well Sabrina thanks for you know keeping
up your fight and sending us a question
thanks marina guess let's say hey to Sam
he's our last Skype caller for the day
mmm-hmm so I guess I have a question
which is why doesn't sabrina stand trial
it isn't can you reduce I'm sorry I
couldn't hear that why doesn't Sabrina
stand trial if she's wanted and if she
believes so much in her innocence why
doesn't she simply go to course to clear
her name
that's a good question in fact another
question that Kosh had had asked the
prosecutor on mando's potaro and he even
said if Sabrina de Souza wants to clear
her name she should come to Italy and
tell us everything and you know Vikash
followed that up by saying that to
Sabrina and she said that there's just
simply no way she can get a fair trial
in Italy it's important to note as you
were sort of alluding to there that
these convictions were in absentia the
CIA officers and even Abu Omar actually
we're all convicted in absentia and so
there's a lot of criticism revolving
around the you know the absentia type
convictions that that prosecutors like
Armando's potaro who have a long history
of going after mafia figures and and
leftist terrorists you know using that
because it's sometimes it's actually
seen as a human rights violation not
giving someone the the opportunity to to
defend themselves but in the case of
Sabrina I mean she was still at the time
working for the CIA and so she was back
here you know in the in the United
States working for for this agency still
and was hoping that the agency and even
the State Department because she was
operating under as a diplomat and
diplomatic cover would would invoke
diplomatic immunity would would work out
there to you know to try and clear her
name or or you know in in the names of
other officers in addition to that there
was a travel ban she was unable to you
know to leave the country so there were
many complicating factors in that and
you know the bottom line is she says
that she would never get a fair trial
you know you had there was a lengthy
discussion with hermanos potaro
regarding that yeah I mean that's
certainly understandable his position
but I think if you look from Sabrina's
perspective like I love I love good
pasta Leopold and I had some great meals
when I was in Italy it's not worth
risking incarceration in prison if
you're Sabrina they go back there and
stand trial so I guess this kind of
leads into my next question is you said
that she was sort of a sympathetic
figure but this this incident happened
this you know abduction this
extraordinary rendition happened in 2003
and she didn't leave the CIA until 2010
which would indicate to me that it's not
a great crisis of you know hundred
crisis of conscience that she's
suffering and it's really more about her
inconvenience that she's not eating
pastas I help me understand this sad
joint a that one sure I mean I think it
is important to note that they weren't
convicted until 2009 and so but yeah I
think Sabrina is both a sympathetic and
a complicated character and my my
personal analysis is that one of the
drivers in this entire story is aa
multi-layered onion right it's operating
at the at Sabrina's level and her own
personal quest to clear her name but it
also has great implications for
international law and diplomacy and
that's that's why it was so intriguing
to us but I think from Sabrina's
perspective my outside analysis is that
Sabrina is was driven in large part by
her desire to be able to travel and see
her family right
her father was sick and she pulled us
about this and and her mother at one
point so she wants to see her mother in
India and so it was extraordinary
created an incredible emotional burden
for her to not be able to do that at the
same time I think there's been an
evolution within Sabrina as she has
fought this thing over the years and
that she has either always believed or
really come to believe that the
rendition has in her
which was unethical immoral illegal yeah
and she even said that I mean those are
the exact words that she used in the you
know in the interview to say what what
our feelings are right now but you know
at the same time is you know it's qaj
noted there's a you know she was driven
by the fact that she wanted a you know
to see her family she ultimately
resigned from the CIA when they
implemented this travel ban and you know
just made it very difficult for her what
was why was he picked up off the street
was he just you know I know he was kind
of pounded out of Egypt probably for the
same kind of proselytizing activities
that he was then doing in Italy and then
he was eventually returned to Egypt and
so why was he targeted for you know this
rendition
why was he returned to Egypt and what
are they what are they preventing him
from doing to this day I imagine yeah
you know your casual way out on this as
well I mean this is keep in mind this
was immediately a or not long after 9/11
two years after 9/11 less than two years
after 9/11 Abu Omar you know appears on
the on the radar of the CIA of of
Italian intelligence and he's giving
fiery speeches about fiery anti-american
speeches in the lead up to the Iraq war
I mean try to imagine the way right now
what you know what we're what we're
contending with not just as a nation
here in the US but around the world this
sort of fear there's so much fear in the
aftermath of this of these attacks in
Paris and that's the same type of fear
that was you know that was taking place
within these you know intelligence
services and so you know he he he popped
up on the radar he was someone that you
know that was part of a network
in in Milan that that you know the
prosecutor is there and investigators
were saying that we're we're perhaps
planning some type of attack sending you
know jihad ease to to Iraq and
Afghanistan to fight against the US and
you know he in terms of why he was sent
to Egypt he's Egyptian he received
political asylum in in Italy but it was
those anti-american speeches that you
know that that apparently you know we're
very concerning and and you know college
had this you know great exchange with
the prosecutor about the you know the
Milanese network if you will can he
weigh in on that gosh yeah I mean I it
was surprising for me to learn that
Milan itself because it seems like an
unlikely place had become a logistical
hub for some of the early al-qaeda
activities in 2003 so we're talking
financing to terrorism moving foreign
fighters around the world and getting
them to Iraq to fight in the Middle East
and then the sort of general incendiary
speeches that Jason was referring to
that's what caught everybody's attention
when you look back at the Italian
investigation because the Italians we're
investigating him you see a lot of
wiretaps and a lot of conversations
recorded where he's referencing so
certain code words and stuff like that
so I think it's pretty clear in
hindsight and also based on the in
absentia of conviction of Abu Omar that
he was definitively not just preaching
sort of anti-american anti-western
sentiment but that he was sort of deeply
involved in these logistical operational
stuff for early al-qaeda bottom line
like Abu Omar is a bad guy
Sabrina's retort would be but you didn't
have to send him to Egypt to be tortured
in addition to that you know she would
also note that that the investigation on
him was sort of shelved and the
prosecutor you know said you know in
this interview
and you know in college was had this
exchange with him that you know if the
CIA did not move in and render him to
Egypt he would actually be in jail today
you know what was what was interesting
that he noted is that this this
rendition actually derailed all of the
most of the terror investigations that
they that they had that were that were
taking place in fact we have a clip on
that Michael can you can we show that
was Abu Omar
a terrorist was he supporting terrorist
operations here as per the nominees
Network cuando a bomb are a few repeat
oh la procure animal on la policía de
Milano estaba en de gand o Suba lui
estaba un de gand o su DeLuca meter
Arista SC freaking PC sin UN force
estado repeat o lovran more estado no
ii-era more stati are arrested multi
completion a bomb are a core retard odo
Bhutto a sequester on fat estado con
Donato come a pertinent Oh Susan
terrorist again so you know as the
potaro the prosecutor said I mean this
was the this rendition the single
rendition apparently you know derailed
their efforts to you know to pursue
members of this network so thanks thanks
for that question which is bring it I'm
trying to sort of like place our moment
in history and I guess the question that
I have is you know immediately in the
post 9/11 era it's kind of extrajudicial
renditions that are taking place we have
these kind of intelligence agencies that
are kind of almost working as a cabal
outside of you know the balance of
various nation states they're organizing
together they're sending people all over
the place they're you know playing kind
of like hot potato with who's going to
torture someone and now I think we're
sort of seeing like a return a little
bit
these kind of extrajudicial actions the
French have their state of emergency
which has been declared now and are we
just sort of looking you know in terms
of this war on terror this which is
becoming this war on Isis are we just
looking at you know are we going to
continue doing this for the next 50
years where are some sort of terrorist
event happens and we just oscillate
between a cold and a hot war and between
respecting territorial sovereignty and
law and you know doing what needs to be
done and what do you guys think about
that
yeah I'm sure Koch has some important
opinions about that yeah I mean both
Jason and I both as a reporter and in in
my former career as an operator have
spent literally almost 15 to 20 years
thinking about these issues and what's
efficacious and what's moral and where
are the moral red lines in the war on
terror I think what you're seeing now in
the aftermath of Paris is a case of
what's past is prologue right and we're
seeing this sort of cyclical loop where
these these issues are returning one of
my favorite lines from the documentary
and maybe perhaps provides some some
insight into your really really
excellent question is what's Patara said
and with these kind of actions and he's
referring to the the CIA rendition and
the subsequent torture by proxy with
these kind of actions we don't stop
terrorism we create more terrorists as
effectively what he said yeah you know
it's also notable that today you know
President Obama in a press conference a
joint press conference with Justin
Trudeau to Canadian prime minister he
was talking about Guantanamo he was
asked a question about Guantanamo and he
said look you know these you know these
attacks in in Paris will not deter or
derail his efforts to try and close the
detention facility he came he compared
you know the fear mongering surrounding
it to the fear mongering about you know
Syrian refugees so yeah the bottom line
is is that you do have sort of a little
bit of a push to to try and roll back
the the immediate post 9/11 policies and
I mean real real little push and what's
uh you know what's also notable is that
in not only in this documentary but in
in four others that you know that that
cause and I worked on together each and
every CIA officer
you know weighed in on on this threat on
this new threat from Isis you know we
have the former deputy director of the
CIA who said look you can't kill your
way out of this out of this you know out
of this war and it's really important
that that we gain a proper intelligence
to know you know to learn about the the
people who want to kill us that's that's
how he put it he was he was discussing
how he doesn't believe how you know how
drone strikes are are useful because it
would lead to the creation of more
terrorists you know the the the
architect of the CIA's interrogation
program saying that it's important to
capture these folks so we could question
them you didn't you know you didn't
mention that that we needed a return to
you know the the the interrogation
program as we knew it so you have many
different viewpoints on this but you
know just over the weekend I spoke to a
former FBI counterterrorism officer for
a report I put together for you know for
Vice news and and he said that the
reality is is that we're going to face
more attacks and this is the world that
we currently live in and our
intelligence agencies are going to look
for you know for new powers for new
means in which to you know wage this war
and bottom line is is that Congress will
likely you know grant the intelligence
community its wish so kind of remains to
be seen how you know what will happen
obviously after 2016 when we have a new
president but that's that sort of the
situation that we're in currently
insight into how the relationship
between the sea
and I think it's the was it s is mi the
Italian agency has changed since this
took place we we don't really obvious at
the time in 2003 when this rendition
happened there was a lot of talk about
collusion between certain members of
assist me and and the CIA
I suspect that now that well in the
decade and a half since that rendition
took place by necessity of cooperation
the intelligence community around the
world has actually especially among NATO
allies right has has deeply deeply
increased and they have a healthy
working relationship this is obviously
the most fractured of that because of
the conviction but you also have to
remember that the Italian court system
is entirely distinct from the
intelligence services so look best guest
the Italian intelligence community and
the American intelligence community are
getting along just fine and the the more
the more macro picture is how from a
policy perspective do you sort of set
limits on that cooperation thanks so
much for your questions we're gonna need
to jump and appreciate that appreciate
the very important questions about this
yes I am thanks for coming on man so
guys look we've got one last tweet and
then let's call it a day um Mona's Kahn
sent us this this tweet and it's kind of
interesting um
he's referring to the Paris attacks and
he wants to know do intelligence
agencies bear any responsibility for
letting Abdul Hameed a baboog murdered
his name letting him sift through the
cracks so I think what monus is getting
at is the damned if you do damned if you
don't nature of intelligence in the post
9/11 world so I'm just curious from you
your guys perspective where's the
where's the wine where's the balance
yeah you know right you know as I as I
indicated Michael right you know right
after the the attacks last week and I
spoke to a former FBI counter terror
I'm officer and he said that one unless
you are actually sitting there with the
intelligence in real-time you know
evaluating it and it's not just the
electronic you know intelligence the
physical intelligence that they may have
received it would be very difficult to
you know to you know find out that this
was you know that this was happened you
know at the same time you have another
former FBI counterterrorism officer who
says that this indeed was an
intelligence failure an intelligence
failure in the same way that 9/11 was an
intelligence failure and you know the
knee-jerk responds now from you know
from officials like FBI director James
Comey and John Brennan over the CIA is
that you know we need more powers we
need to you know crack encryption we
need to continue to you know conduct the
type of surveillance that you know may
have led to Americans being spied on but
the fact of the matter is is that you
know even with these programs that you
know have been in place certainly after
9/11 and and and before that they've
never really done anything and very
there are very few examples where you
could look at that and show that it's
actually you know led to these types of
attacks you know being thwarted so there
is a responsibility and there I'm sure
there'll be after-action reports about
that you know taking a look at it but
that you know that remains to be seen
who's gonna you know who's gonna be held
to account for that if anyone and I'll
just add very quickly that there it's
the job of Leopold and I to to to
contain or or to report and evaluate on
what have been some obvious overreaches
by the intelligence community at this
end and look at excess and overreach by
the intelligence community around the
world whether that's the CIA or the
Italian intelligence community that's
our
job right we're a check on that that's
the power of the Fourth Estate at the
same time their job is vastly difficult
they have an extraordinary amount of
data to try and collect and collate and
analyze and pick out these needles in
the haystack that could represent a
threat to either the United States or to
whatever respective country just any
kind of terrorist threat so I'm I'm
antithetic that it's it's a hard job
it's also why they have giant budgets I
think at the end of the day the
intelligence community they'll do their
job try and do the best they can to
prevent attacks and we'll do our job
which is to check them when they expand
beyond their their powers and and what
they should be doing indeed well
gentlemen with that let's wrap things up
gosh why don't you say goodbye first
Jason come on back to LA yes you man I
need that I need that warm weather III
will see you early next week and yeah
and you know thanks everyone for for
coming on the line Kosh and I have more
more documentaries more more in the
works and so you know look out for that
down the road and thanks for being there
see akaash it's rare for CIA officers to
speak critically and publicly about the
agency's secret operations but the
fallout from the Abu Omar rendition is
unprecedented the prosecutor the
politician D'Souza herself share a
common thread they want answers and
demand accountability yet each of them
pursuing their own agendas threatens to
reopen a Pandora's box that both the
Italian and American governments want
closed in this case D'Souza all alone
desperate to clear her name
threatening to reveal sensitive
information is playing an international
chess game whose outcome is unknown
you
