the absolution karate positon is idea
Sydney I have this nagging are you
expecting a lot of resistance inside
Marshall are - are alipio numerous her
gesture religion memory
thank you mother
in August of 2014 the Islamic state over
and the Yazidi city of Sinjar also known
as shin gall in Iraq tens of thousands
of Yazidis fled with many ending up
stranded on nearby Mount Sinjar same
Hajj
- ah - mom whoa both of my own Universal
monban Jana hokushin shortly after
President Obama ordered the first
airstrikes ever on the Islamic state
today i authorized two operations in
iraq targeted airstrikes to protect our
American personnel and a humanitarian
effort to help save thousands of Iraqi
civilians were trapped on a mountain
without food and water and facing almost
certain death in early November the
Kurdistan Regional Government forces
also known as the Peshmerga finally
planned a massive operation to take back
the city
following weeks of heavy coalition
airstrikes vice news was invited to
embed with the patch America as they
reclaimed Sinjar from the Islamic state
siddhappa what the main rally point
right now for the eastern side of Mount
Sinjar the operations about to begin and
their mission here is to cut off the
city of Tel off our which is nice
assault
my name is Irma question and I come with
- Nessa Mahalo yeah Hana Hana hot
dinners I leave you with many vodka
hahaha die we weren't sure what to
expect whether the Islamic state would
send reinforcements and put up a fight
or whether they would flee and just
leave behind a booby-trapped destroyed
city where are you from sure you got to
go oh you see well you in shingle in
August where Isis first came do you
remember what happens see yes bunny
siestas issue that we had patient
government
you have solution karate con certain is
IDIA cheating ie after Schneider et
chief our mana scenographer monotonous
area bus for money Tocqueville series
yellow heart energy joy of harmonica
novice firmly
dénia Karaka of luxuries india the
chief coach branches invariant request
in hama chitters chitters mnemonic
energy de Zorro questions are over and
Alamosaurus motivated the sternum
economist
as we sneaked along there was a holdup
an improvised explosive device or ie D
planted by the Islamic state have been
spotted earlier we're hearing a lot more
fire as we get closer and the Peshmerga
sent a few soldiers out over here to
look for more IDs which has got to be
one of the worst jobs to do the
Peshmerga soon started launching
artillery fire into areas where is
fighters were still present time from
others
you just wanna get a lot more hectic
right now not sure what that is we think
it's an airstrike there's planes
overhead pretty much every five minutes
right this is an Isis flag the Peshmerga
have taken down from a nearby position
and they seem pretty triumphant and
excited about everything and they're
gonna keep pushing forward
tell us all what's going on right here
something Saudi about sure I'm not
getting my shot I like CIA operative who
that young girl invaded Acharya I had
been assaulted allergic you know what a
talented oh I mean vital my mother
Hannah kid I'm including shoulder area
now let me Mara shot I'll race ya I lost
a 38 plus ultra I was 38 who go missing
highway 47 where we were heading
connects Sinjar to the city of Tel afar
where is has more support and many more
troops cutting off the highway would
disrupt supply lines between is forces
in Syria and in Iraq dealing a major
blow to their efforts along the road a
number of vehicle borne improvised
explosive devices or suicide car bombs
had attacked the Peshmerga throughout
the day this was a suicide bomb right
here that exact favorite M earlier the
car just fell until it got lit up right
now
the operation addiction gar looks like
it's gonna take more than what they
expected which was roughly the same day
as they launched it we're headed out now
to an area that supposed to be safe so
we can crash there for the night um but
there's sporadic fire fights happening
on both sides of us like that right
there and it's not a very fun ride
we stopped here right now we're supposed
to be going to a safe zone
it doesn't fit in safe I just evacuated
one guy who is there and
this was a good example of how is fights
and why you can take so long to get back
territory from them a few snipers and a
number of IEDs were able to slow down
dozens of troops for hours
despite the peshmerga's overwhelming
firepower can you just tell us quickly
what happened over here look at this
color hit bomba esta página and is it
there we're going to focus Kevin Dubrow
lotta you know him that T registered
dollars did or else evening and do you
think the pesh MERGA will be able to
take Sinjar today or is it gonna take a
little bit longer
well ah he decided with the minute I
walked my one le ragazze on I got my
Palma hitch Mia I'll mention again we
were movin
non-allergic peshmergas will endure this
man yeah help TJ Greg brought is trouble
that one aggregate ever got a Muslim
after the Peshmerga got the situation
under control we headed back to the base
for the night so we better look tonight
at a base where the engineers from the
patch mehrgarh staying um these are the
guys that go and actually disarm the
IEDs which we saw a little too much up
today and which has been the biggest
problem in this fight right now to take
Sinjar can you guys tell us a bit about
what you were doing today during the
operation do I get my tent you like it
then I think you know you don't like it
though so I was gonna move focused in
Jerusalem at your pace margarita one
those first heart attack or a nice
adequately holy movie bhishma get you to
the tale of happy and then I'd been up
with West Timor under CEQA crucially
maybe allegations many leaders from a
very teacher Eligibility retaliatory for
the neck
where did this happen sorry I'm mobile
Appa should send up payment a pagoda and
horrible photo Bhishma get them but
specially fish melody - so manager
bloody be both Bobby so rejected I love
it was a buttock of a machine and sha
shade hi Sebastian I get the roster
Mukesh Allah does contain here right
macabre strategy and Israeli Knesset for
militant bust in TNT Holly as our
general yang Jian over Jionni Joe no
hood Hoeven while jet engine could put
focus narrative focus it on the deficit
we're driving through some of the areas
that were that were cleared yesterday
there was fighting in villages on both
sides of us we're following an AMRAP
which is a heavily armored vehicle and
inside there is the pesh MERGA engineers
and what they did was they're the ones
who go right to the front lines and they
defuse the IEDs today you guys going to
push into uh Sinjar City what's the
situation here this morning what's our
mana I'm Gio
Emma decody Harriet de la Vega bus maja
mama get the not IKEA hope not
not for your daughter good huh you guys
are gonna be the front of the front
you're even the first ones in there
trying to clear the ideas right I am a
chemist I got you oh my oh my gosh
Nehemiah's cetera ten teke DMF ah ha ha
what's going through your head right now
is there is there fear I mean you know
you're going to somewhere there could be
suicide bombs there's definitely the
IEDs have you been shady turns a deaf I
was not to piss on it
fuller ready Syria are you expecting a
lot of resistance inside today doing it
a me Oh pillow no Katya dawning so the
cetology badge Akira Abra kg Mahalo the
way the volcano large array RR del char
Olympian de marrón RJ sherry Libyan
Demerol
we decided to head back around so we
could enter the city with Peshmerga
units who would be coming down from the
mountain as we approach Sinjar we saw
thousands of ezd refugees living in
tents waiting to go back home
we're just nearing the bottom of the
mountain range right now um we've been
told that the Peshmerga already head to
the city from all sides with some people
even saying that they're under control
of nearly all the city but we're gonna
head it right now and see what we can
find out
we're entering through the city right
now they've cleared the narrow divide
ease but the reason everyone's lining up
single file is because there's still a
little nervous about the sides right
here and about them IEDs that might be
triggered by cellphones in a bonus
feature 30 and an hour but potaka Diarra
melon da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
Karlsruhe legacy with taki grout Obus
croc Akane I'm neurotic Enoch righto
August 11 no coupon bond by Joshua Nana
Hermiston never mobile Bianca can also
spot panic the battle for Sinjar had
been long and hard but most of the
fighting had actually happened earlier
and by the time the convoys arrived many
of the remaining Islamic state fighters
had fled leaving only a few snipers
suicide bombers and IEDs the city may be
liberated right now but I don't know how
it's gonna be rebuilt and how anyone's
gonna go back to living here city is
completely deserted right now and it's
completely destroyed as well one thing
that was clear as we walked around
Sinjar was that there a number of PKK
fighters in the city the PKK or
Kurdistan Workers Party has fought an
insurrection against the Turkish
government for 30 years and is active in
Iraq Syria and Iran they had poor
relations with the Peshmerga but both
groups had done a lot of fighting
against is over the past 15 months demo
one of the delivered on to have a hot
ended early in a hot on I used and left
myself a kitchen of Shango leader
Bouchard occurred hareton Maria the good
let me have Rohani
compensate you have Mishima of a
bitching Thurmond orientation
academician God have religion wanna
hitch Kunichika via nature damn hard day
at my wall not good page table over
turkey page ever darker NATO past ma
shangela very tricky Kilgore majority
CRC best now shangri-la's Babu how
Winnipeg evaded Atticus Nakuru are
weaker hey hey hey
best art my nigger version descriptive
Okada chocolatey sed Yelich angle Cho a
beer de blow so the tricky or montoneros
varnish Angola book
despite what dev room said the PKK alone
had been unable to take the city from I
asked for 15 months and Peshmerga troops
and weapons were clearly needed what
happened to you when I when Isis came
last year
Galaga driven guru jaha Parvati a
superior come
Hasegawa cinema's most corner Solomon
machete Musa Kusa Musa Dagh for this in
colostrum
vassula to the head stuffy how was this
last year been for you with with
everything you've gone through and you
know having lost your home and now
taking it back okay delicate I didn't
move Uno's new coach came a new Todd
alma hot accreta us after a job oh no
Kara for the Jamaat Amma muscle Barzani
Cobra stevia Tonya Harding I'm Salah
skating or what - mother has said head
stuff even say Maharaja and surely
double travel to kill horses nickering
happen I do for the player get out river
before--this mother hottest a lot where
is your family right now
ila jhamora would share domicile hello
communicator kamalahasan dementia rhythm
Connie common area for the orchestra not
handle edge minato-ku steamers one
course Tuesday's Mikasa show bottoms are
echad pidemo Sharif okay my bar Ruth
Warren
nan na ma dama Ravana negative are much
harder watch got occasion do you think
that the Newseum people will move back
here the city's very destroyed um and it
looks like a hard place to live do you
think they'll come back and rebuild the
city
Absalom Medeco Eddie I'm stuck what we
were in buzzer Qaddafi's Bartolotta sigh
until mckernon bro Erebus i until
mukherjee najin our quests until
McCarran for monastery America Mahalo
Indonesia frozen teacher ed Pegram ahah
algún dasa wore a ski-doo lara frozen
edges are mal Brennan tienen que
deberían
Mira Mira Costa need to get in a shot
gusto al Hamadi gusenberg more
the Islamic states path of destruction
had left more than just physical scars
the town could be rebuilt eventually but
the distrust and hatred that now exists
between one-time neighbors seems
irreparable
you
