hey I'm Simon Ostrovsky and I'm Claire
Ward and we both just got back from a
reporting trip in Kazakhstan we were
visiting a former Guantanamo Bay
detainee with the US government actually
resettled to Kazakhstan so the US
government tells us that these former
detainees are technically free but we
don't know exactly what that means that
we've traveled to eastern Kazakhstan to
meet Liffey Banali to find out just
exactly how pre he is Nina's just
understand you ditto service tottenham
stretching big matches we made a
documentary about it which is called
life after Guantanamo which you can
check out online and if you've got any
questions about it we're gonna be
answering them live you can send your
questions via twitter with the hashtag
on the line or via Skype to vice news
