we looked at the backgrounds of ninety
thousand people who have served in the
intelligence and the law enforcement and
the military since 9/11 looking at a
post 9/11 generation of graduates who
have top-secret clearances we calculated
the top 100 schools that we call the
most militarized schools in America the
funny thing about the list is that not
one liberal arts school that ranks in
the top 100 nationwide is on the list so
there's no overlap whatsoever between
what are considered to be the best
academic colleges in America and the top
100 military schools of America what
does that say about the intelligence
community what does it say about how
smart the US government is what does it
say about the national security state 20
of the top 100 schools that feed the
intelligence community are online
diploma Mills it's a bunch of online
schools which serve the federal
government's skill set and these
universities I can't look at it any
other way they're essentially on a gravy
train of federal money billions of
dollars in research money every year
let's a significant profit Center that's
like sports for those universities
at the end of the Vietnam era there were
a hundred people who carried guns who
were the shooters of war if you will to
everyone intelligence analysts today
that number is reversed it just so
happens that today the infantry is
people who are sitting at a keyboard of
ninety thousand people less than a
hundred have a degree in Middle East
Studies there's no evidence whatsoever
that international relations or history
or any subject that we might associate
with being smarter about the world is
represented in this group this group is
a group of IT capable management geeks
bureaucrats who are running a big giant
machine it shows that this is just a
world of mediocrity
