we agreed to meet the next day to visit
another detainee the Yemeni man named
sabriel Karachi who was also placed in
some a sonic double double shot ain't
are even subrata yea master there how
could what I shall punish a mere youth
in a canoe medulla an Amish mafia I've
been a promoter and I wanted an amount
of stop there I'm sure but you shall be
among Charlotte is there simply at the
sawad winter huh yeah I've got nobody
said mr. Walden Russia sabras story
echoes look fees he also says that he
preferred life in Guantanamo over his
current circumstances home I'll coddle
coddle him nvidia buffed out to knock
out of Montana Tech which can enter meet
you too hot button about that he had a
lot of hacker back yeah you see a man
papa did you see another house I can
tell a bit them en masse in the case I
up then I can go then I won't confirm
any force in Guantanamo Sabri learned to
paint you showed us some of the artwork
they let him take out of prison so the
content list of trust yeah its members
okay lets us rent a Vidiot each painting
had to be stamped and approved for
release ha ha ha the annual waffle
audiobook away on a mission offer for
work and study an effort oh my i'm shy
for a better some habit are soon to tell
maria a logic arcadia gallery madrid ah
de que contar Ozma other day you you
could happen 1830 every year yes
happiness with me every yeah that's an
answer our queda I can until a lot
clearer so I think a lot of people are
going to ask themselves well shouldn't
you just be grateful that you're out of
Guantanamo this is much better than
being in a prison why do you have so
many complaints Maria mataram buildable
awesome hurry as my career the Maharaja
her yet maybe a hurry ccg ni una sera
sera sera de la know my style is an
anachronistic up an operation several
odd little menteshe la laguna Lorelei
vana that's it that's economy in
technically very delicate area that
veteran scenes get full data and also
made it happen
definitely asking are unlocked Alaska
yet for idea yet ha luana another 110
I'm Italian but we can as well when a
knock came at the door in the middle of
our conversation Sabri was worried that
he'd be caught talking to us once again
we had visitors I mean we were in the
middle of our interview ironically just
when the interview he was telling us
about how they're not free because
somebody could walk into their apartment
at any moment somebody came a knockin on
the door and it was the translator from
the Red Crescent he's still here then he
called the boss and she called the
police in the presser on my way I didn't
say you called the police I said you
called the boss and the boss called the
police yeah I just want to be sure about
the heartland and she said that you want
to see well the translator argued with
me Sabri wanted a final word before the
cops came I'm Ana ng deshyla deshyla via
hey everything in a phenomenal Bella
daddy o el jadida i'm going to other
dirty well I emic am married i'ma can I
now dominated better Dellavedova how an
era la la Mercado in turn our lady
quince villain named Muffy felt good now
moi you're new here and here was aimed
room divider have your armor she had a
turnover Jack and that have any how
could I or near near and happy a pioneer
and I'm recant Ramona haka the Lamia
module my ass movie not diluted Winona I
just know before the police
good
