since there are enough government-run
mental hospitals in India to treat the
mentally ill many community-based
initiatives have arisen to fill the void
one of them is a schizophrenia awareness
Association in Pune which treats dozens
of patients on a long-term basis hi
welcome welcome
we have das therapy we have music
therapy we have art based therapy
gardening therapy kitchen activities
Lord severe summer 2122 activities and
they're all sort of geared towards what
someone who works was helping them in
their recovery mr. Bach she is the
president of sa a he got involved years
ago when he first brought his daughter
in for treatment well the obvious reason
why I started volunteering for this kind
of work is that I am a caregiver of a
daughter I wanted to be a good caregiver
and when she became ill and we came to
know about it then my desire was to
learn maxximum about this illness and to
help her as best as I could it was
devastating for us this experience is
totally life was shattered as a treats
an equal number of men and women we sat
down with some of the female patients to
speak with them about their experiences
what are the challenges being a mentally
ill woman how do you deal with that
stigma I mean I didn't know what
schizophrenia was first person who told
me this said you have schizophrenia you
write on my face and I didn't know what
to say I said what is kind of friend aha
how do i I didn't know how to react
basically you know aha
DJ chod a moodiness and a cookie
mashallah Judith Bunyon
dominant Antigua attacked my Adelbert
what he had tattoos idiot area de mai de
medicina hey sorry but varsity team
allows a child pass very very very manly
she says Volta Volta Baldy Tiki man
Jagger Chania it lo topa no me came on
over make it zoom elasticity a catabolic
minute to really assess her guard on
duty
Momo Momo pillow - Todd no enemy caliber
revolver stench Ebola Khalid Milazzo
money Chiapas homogeny Hajj are the
Sheshadri Kazakh semantics Azaria hey
hey Monica dope idea
while the stigma mental health is likely
to persist in Indian society
organizations like this one are a reason
to be hopeful we must look after her
have happiness we should share her in
sorrow we should be sharing it all have
small small wishes we must fulfill at
least I tried my best to do that for her
you
