for me
career was offensive the name Jill is
offering the bread
since the beginning of the essentially
random wave of stabbing attacks by young
Palestinians against Israelis the
Israeli security forces have launched
new security procedures like this
checkpoints where they search what they
see as suspicious young Palestinian
males making sure that I have knives as
they enter mixed areas of the city most
of the stabbing attacks are being
launched by Palestinians from East
Jerusalem Palestinians living here have
greater freedom of movement into mixed
and Jewish areas of the city it's a it's
a difficult thing for the Israeli
security forces to prevent really it's a
kind of leaderless wave of attacks
anyone can be a suspect any young kid
could be carrying a knife so can you
explain what does happen now what the
Senate did how does it make you feel
being starts and such like this every
year I'm happy good machine Shimon a
machine other hand a day many of you
feel over the past month has been a wave
stabbing attacks against
it's radio guys just civilians how do
you feel about
- so the name chillers offering them
where to put one suspects head of taken
against the wall the searching just
making sure about bring a knife
sherry the old city was pumped into this
now they're my spirits of demonstration
we are strong we say in this country why
do you think young Palestinians young
Arabs have been attacked all the time
everybody that I'm feeling guilty so
this is what we are Jewish like in
Germany always people want to kill us
because we are choose place we study our
photo shoot and most of them have
decided to pass a knock down things
shouldn't really go outside the Jewish
quarter of the old city and all the
achievers outside of Jerusalem have
basically banned their students from
coming so lastly it was the three boys
that were kidnapped this year it was the
parents who were killed and then once
something big happened it started it's
not checkpoints like young Arabs your
age have being stopped by the Israeli
army like pushed up against the wall
like enter their pockets how do you
think that affects their lives like how
like how do you think they see the
situation nature of each other or we
what we want to prevent a suicide bomber
so just put two like quickly ask all
them to make sure like for security-wise
Susan I do think it is a necessity for
them to have these metal detectors that
they put now at the front of like most
of the gates but and then it just stops
like all these attacks happening and
thank God nothing happened in and get a
measure of the enhanced security
measures here in the old city this is
paranoia the fear in the obviously
Jewish residents and visitors are
actually getting individual escorts like
armed guards taking around this
just right here a few days ago a family
of Jewish settlers were attacked and a
knife attack by a young Palestinian the
father has killed the mother and child
is still in hostel and as a result of
that security crackdown the
predominantly Palestinian owned
businesses here in the old city of
suffering business is down they've got
no customers they're saying
so it's leading to a further alienation
of the Palestinian population how has
business been the past few weeks already
hate yet muscle in matter what their
survival okay listen listen I'm happy
for you
woman names diversified shops I work
there flavor you want if I don't say
mouse panic victory 100 200
why why do you think it's like this now
why is it suddenly started baby
no it's like a pressure of like vacuum
and maybe the open the day I opened the
door not good to fight with neighbor
after neighbor fight must have peace yes
so in the Palestinian side not to kill
to call for killing to then the Jewish
side opened the heart may beats we want
a good football game between us okay
maybe in my generation okay do you think
it can be solved maybe maybe not can be
so maybe can be quiet you know when you
have children the children fight until
blood first of all quiet between the
children and play the same game eat the
same food respect father and mother
maybe peace between the children until
they grow up you understand it's the end
of what's been a quiet day in Jerusalem
there's been no major security instance
there's been instead of heavy very
visible security presence checkpoints
like this one outside all the entrances
to the old city
the thing about this current wave of
violence is it's essentially
unpredictable this self radicalizing
teenagers with home kitchen knives you
can't tell who's a suspect you can't
tell who's a likely victim this really
visible security presence may make
israelis may make jewish Jerusalemites
feel more secure but if you talk to
palestinians data say it's essentially
radicalizing young Palestinians more
making them angrier making them resent
Israeli state more so ultimately it
could just lead to a further sense of
Palestinian disengagement with the state
you
