and telekinetic muy loca recipe van de
Havana the doctor can do anything to the
woman and no questions asked I started
asking him whatever giving me tablets
for what is this medicine for I was not
sick but I was being made sick
every week people from across India
flock to Tally's cow
a remote village outside of Mumbai they
come looking for a miracle
so right now we're going into a Danka
which is essentially a mosque and people
in this area bring their relatives here
there isn't much awareness about mental
illness so there so they come to places
of worship and search great here for
centuries mental illness in India has
been associated with the supernatural
many believe that it's a result of black
magic divine retribution or demonic
possession this dargah is a shrine to
the Sufi saint Baba
Azad Pierre Musa Qadri it's believed
that he has the power to banish evil
spirits London to change genre polite
examples in the charisma marat/sade
plans on sunset da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
how does a badly adopt a given service a
medieval stigma against the mentally ill
is widespread across the country at its
core is a belief that mental illness is
untreatable and a sign of weakness as a
result very little mental health care is
offered and patients are considered
degenerates so with a lack of proper
medical treatment or education faith
healers fill the gap and these
misconceptions persist
is somebody there your summer even care
about you I will I belong puzzle and
isolate y working at estoppel I do it's
a ballad uru thank you
ee Giorgio do no no no not a little
while the dargah provides a measure of
relief the rituals to drive out evil
spirits can have dangerous consequences
until Oconee cathartic muy loca Gerda
Saffy van de Havana yet condom Angela
Markham agitate Dawa karate Takeda Mara
marriage adversity Sushma came to the
dargah hoping it would cure her
schizophrenia cast out by her family
after she started showing symptoms she
was stuck with no real treatment and
nowhere else to go Sushma how did you
end up at the dargah mentally disturbed
led me there a cigar exam Gambier Paris
City dancer so monotheism eric legaud
next channel ago two things about Mila
is a piper in Binh LOC garage agura
thirdly is a private accident Rana who
escaped is a big boo job arena there get
a loco t10 a torturer karela suru Kayla
who need to Martha's Roberta Cena there
get some hollandaise
cases like Sushma's are common in the
dargah and throughout India's mental
health care system women with mental
illness are treated as less than human
this attitude leads to a system rampant
with abuse where a woman with the
slightest hint of mental illness real or
imagined can be committed by her family
with no hope of getting out we are very
much a patriarchal society for women
it's usually desertion abandonment or
institutions
dr. devar is a leading mental health
activist and runs an NGO that fights for
the protection and rights of mentally
ill women if you're going to any mental
hospital in India you will find that men
still go home you know after a point in
time families have willing to take them
back
but women are there for life
whereas on a mental hospital
it's one of 43 government-run mental
hospitals in all of India India's public
mental health wards are overcrowded and
underfunded lesson 1 percent of India's
health budget is devoted to mental
health care reviewing even the
government's reluctance to take the
situation seriously these buildings are
in pretty poor condition they were
literally built in the colonial era when
the British were here and they haven't
really been updated since then and
there's grates on every single window it
looks like a prison doctor guthi is the
deputy superintendent of thani mental
health may I say efficient car ready to
eat Nikhil a Kirti Java jitna share big
be merry we got a hobby so who succumb
Carta harissa
oh sorry patience 20 20 30 years the
crampy she led us into the women's ward
which unlike the men's ward could only
be accessed through a locked gate it's
really an old Lincoln a new governor
Haley can budget cup of them hey yeah so
with without that much funding you know
where do the patients sleep
do they have to sleep on the floor do
they have beds we are having beds but
they are not sufficient for the patients
so we are the floor bits that's just
because of not enough money and
overcrowding right there's so many
patients you think I get them what is
that varna design latina there is no law
or policy which governs what can happen
inside an institution we've heard about
sexual abuse over medication forced
drugging forced shock treatments
seclusion solitary confinement a doctor
can do anything to the woman and no
questions asked once admitted into a
mental institution and declared mentally
ill a person is considered legally
incapacitated and is stuck inside with
little say and how they're treated there
have been reports across India's mental
wards of negligent and even improper
care
including rounds of electroconvulsive
therapy or ECT often forced and without
consent
one female Institute Olivia Finley we
are giving this ECT hurdle 225 Dorothy
officials most of the mental illnesses
it is required ECT is primarily
prescribed as a last resort and in the
most difficult to treat cases the
procedure involves a series of electric
shocks to the brain to induce seizures
and can have severe side effects
including long-term memory loss how
about this mattress on the floor what's
this for so we are keeping the patients
after this ECT here now so they're
patients lying down after getting after
did they get consciousness here
respiration female patient how Mary
booths are a cure whoo hey hey they can
repay relate to like a native of the
Lord help over to that even open
and while there are patients who no
longer need treatment but can't go home
some patients are not even sick in the
first place the lack of patient rights
makes it possible for unhappy husbands
to abuse the system and commit they're
perfectly sane wives there are a wide
range of legal provisions which allows
certain authorities including one's own
family to institutionalize a person in a
mental hospital the easiest way for a
man to get divorced from his wife till
today is through this petition
petitioning that his wife√≠s is insane
many of these women never get out and
the ones who do are careful to keep
their past hidden videos husband was
able to institutionalize her even though
she had no history of mental illness she
agreed to speak with us but asked to
keep her identity a secret for fear of
repercussions what happened the night
you were taken away it was around 10:30
in the night I was doing some work and
my husband told me that he was going
down with the kids soon after that ever
three people who rang my bell
they said that though we are giving
vaccinations to people in the building
after that I just remember getting up in
the morning I realized that I was in
hospital because a lady she told me that
you are in a psychiatric ward and it was
a staff prison for me there it's nothing
more than that
like it was a place that I was just
dumped and I I had no way to come out so
you weren't given any explanations as to
why you were there no no no I started
asking them whatever giving me tablets
for what is this medicine for they would
not say of what they would just tell me
this habit and finish it off I was given
like you know EC T's and I was not told
about it so you were given a lecture
shock therapy with no consent you know I
went unconscious and after that I don't
know what what happened but what the
side effects were like I was learning to
be a vegetable like you know I was not
sick but I was like I was being made
sick
we have so many horrendous stories about
women who have been given shock
treatment by their husbands and by
doctors
she until you know black many 810
courses are already done she doesn't
even know that she's been given shock
treatment so and this would happen to a
man you know because the man has
resources to find out okay well what's
going on you know this should not be
happening to me but a woman because she
is within the precincts of the family
system without resources offering of her
own you know so she runs the risk of in
seriously rights violated why did your
husband do this to you it was like a
planned divorce that's what I understood
after the divorce papers came in and he
said that he wants a divorce on grounds
of cruelty and mental illness but during
that time I got to know that he is
having a relationship with his ex
colleague a woman it's something that
happens very frequently the man stands
to gain a lot using the insanity
petitions he can waive his obligation to
pay alimony he can take over the custody
of his kids he can deny the right to
shared property and really just shake
her off you know without any
accountability
man can easily do things and get away
with it because the system is such that
doctors talking to the patient's
relative most of the time and many women
also are very submissive so it it can
happen in in India it can happen these
things do happen
the video was able to eventually get out
of the mental hospital and contest her
husband's claim of mental illness she's
a rare exception while the government
has considered reforms significant
change will require a major overhaul of
not only the institutions and the laws
that govern them but the attitudes
behind them especially when it comes to
women
you
