was enough since our last name is when
you spin whatever anybody doing more
happily ever after
this is pervomaisk
city which has pretty much been under
constant bombardment since the war came
here but right now it's quiet and it's
been quiet for the last couple of weeks
it seems like the ceasefire which was
signed in Minsk about a year ago is only
now finally starting to work pervomaysk
is under rebel control its residents
have been without water for months and
much of the city is without electricity
cassava Tamura body neato robotic neato
Pacala diet cocky you ready to order
schools kind of annoyed he booting you
 Leon I booth we are playing you
see buddy Newton I used to preach in an
idea toshko sort of tiny Pluto
mikan-chan you it but war it was a dress
with yellow a generous medium better
watch it buddy nassim you mm-hmm
Estados new trio crane a mr. Luger got
avocado was it absolutely would you use
when you stayin in the capital of the
unrecognized lu han's people's republic
there's been a change in tone separatist
leaders aren't sounding a separatist as
they used to
I mean skillet says is new or new
Boogaloo headed absolute nani gamma
gamma sadhana vietnam Perea it was more
than us poly teachers can put your mule
named wood
Desilu Soroka volusion Ukraine Oh Oh
gasps Oh dust whenever nail salon
Yana integral will sombrero
da-da-da-da-da Sacha's an echidna
purchased a dong ba spectacle Nashua
Cinzia eternal elegance karate area Rose
epi wall Amira nuez de sonido Parsons
Pasolini a da ba samosa possible severe
asteroid my optimism Papa Votto cancel
any NASA Vanya knows best illustration
group can be a patrician arena Oh Mina
Schneider testimony presented Kanye's
home a stone especially in seriousness
Takamine Posada cap we visit status
lugansk we Dennis Conner owners public
honest I also firmly no systemic rain
pakka
I got syringes au Sucre me yes Luke rain
of sustained II period opposite on the
city's public a me let assistance but
these rebel officials have said would be
considered treason just a few months ago
we headed to the front lines to see what
the fighters thought of the ceasefire
this is the main crossing between the
rebel side the Ukrainian side but you
can only get across by foot because
there's a big hole in the middle of
another bridge further down so far it's
quiet
this used to be one of the hottest spots
on the front line
these men are from the Lugansk People's
Republic it's one of the pro-russia
forces in the area and they're telling
us that they haven't heard a shot fired
for a couple of weeks now the kursk
eristic octopus lady Iranian a la
piscine IRA's bull solution withdraw
move and wash a nom come on Jeffrey hood
because command when I kiss you when I
was I guess for a mystery show most
watts is more socially sister on the
Illinois River chili do Chivo crane was
a bad doctor we did he pin super butcher
Vanya
Kokichi premiered on the one his comprar
who is its Acosta's given the drug be
accompanied boys to the socket I'd be a
rototiller sea anenome see me do Sol I
would see gosh much like oh yeah joe
nachio watching chat Gris Odessa it
emotion fetch Assoc desert this Basu
rock Mecca truly symbols precedes what
we shall study Josh's discredits Jim
well above booster not sure what do you
what do you more
obstruction ability to somewhere like
still really hard for local people here
but at least the conversations have
turned to pensions and prices and
they're no longer about shellings and
shootings kvish dissect over to a nearby
busy but the Iranian public even yet
pagamo show stove engineering Houghton
improv a shot you beretta shavonda what
again in gypsy jazz music mmm
the username accusative she'll need to
whatever anybody doing multiple BFF gang
everybody we've been talking to here in
separatist-controlled eastern Ukraine
from local people to soldiers even to
top officials it's completely different
from what we've heard on previous trips
to this part of the country nobody's
talking about expanding the fight
expanding the frontline or driving their
tanks to Kiev or anything like that it
seems like people are genuinely ready
for some kind of a compromise and top
officials in Russia and Ukraine are now
talking about the Donbass remaining as a
part of Ukraine so the question is what
kind of a status will it have here and
what is it going to mean for local
people
