you'd have to be living under a rock to
not know that police brutality is a
hot-button issue in this country right
now and you'd have to be living under a
rock to think that filming things
doesn't have an impact hey I'm obvious
Shapiro I'm a staff writer at vice news
recently my colleague test Owen and I
did a piece about cop watch the people
who are hitting the streets with cameras
and filming the police and I'm here to
take your questions today hey avi thanks
for coming on on the line uh I know
there are a lot of people online who are
pretty excited to talk to you about cop
watch and we've got a few of them on
skype so let's say headed Brandon who's
calling us from Fayetteville Arkansas
hey how you doing hey Brandon how's it
going going good I got a few questions
for you fire away man if if law
enforcement agents are acting in
accordance with the law what are their
arguments against being filmed and are
they valid arguments well I think the
best way to answer this question is to
tell you about an interaction I saw
between police and harlem and some
people who are watching them with
cameras when they are doing in it okay
and basically the police were saying to
the cop Watchers you know your time
would be much better spent go down to
the projects you know down the street
and film some crime and then bring us
the tape and then you know that that to
me is an argument you can make against
filming the police that is a waste of
time that if you really cared about
bringing down crime you'd go look for
criminals it you can be the judge if you
think that's a strong argument the cop
watchers said that you know that's the
police's job and their job is you know
to catch the police if they mess up so
you know yeah that's that's one of the
more interesting arguments I've heard
against filming the police okay in your
opinion do you think the implementation
of like body cameras or even just being
filmed by a private citizen or whatever
do you think it would change the way
that liability's handled when police
misconduct occurs
well body cameras are a really
interesting issue because you know now
we're we're putting more and more body
cameras on cops across the country so
you know I think a reasonable question
would be does that make cop watching
obsolete and I think you know if you ask
cop Watchers about that and you actually
ask experts who study you know police
brutality there's a real difference
between a camera that's focused on out
from the police's chest and cameras that
are actually focused on the police
themselves it's a completely different
perspective and it's really important to
catch the whole scene so cop Watchers
bring a totally different angle to the
situation and on top of that there's a
lot of cases of police turning off their
cameras tampering with the cameras and
the end of the day as we know the police
are the ones who get to decide when they
release the footage so body cameras
definitely throw an interesting new
dynamic into the mix but it's it's a
very different it's a very different
thing than then a third party you know a
couple feet away filling with their own
camera at their own footage okay did you
only talk with cough Watchers or you
talked to police officers also well my
colleague Tess and I spoke to some
retired police officers you know when we
reached out to the NYPD to talk about
Copwatch they weren't responsive you
know I think it's a pretty it's rain I
mean it's a it's a pretty sticky issue
for them and a lot of these new more
prominent cop Watchers in the city like
Jose LaSalle who's a main character in
our piece um get in trouble with the
police all the time they're constantly
being arrested they're constantly
accusing the NYPD of harassing them and
ypd so you know I think it's something
that they don't like to touch and they
don't like to talk about though you know
it should be noted that in the NYPD
patrol guide it's clearly stated that
it's legal to film the police and their
official position is that you know
filming the police is something that is
a citizen's right right yeah and
personally I feel you know our tax when
he goes to fun you know police
departments and you know our lives are
ultimately in their control you know
institute certain situations I think it
is important that we do get to film them
and that there are body cameras and
stuff like cop watches allowed yeah yeah
you got to my question okay thanks man
thanks thanks for asking yeah hey
Brendan thanks for coming on the show
today so hey Abby I we've got a bunch
more stuff coming in from the
I like Twitter let's take a look at what
erik christensen wants to know he says
that cop watch it doesn't actually
police the police that implies that they
have any sort of authority how many cops
have a cop watch put away well that's
that's a good question Eric you know
that and that's a question we get
different answers to if you ask
different copwatch crews in different
cities so you know if you talk to the
cop watch crew in Oakland which is quite
active that they they take credit for
putting a couple officers off-duty
getting them early retirement with
footage they gather during some Occupy
Wall Street protest a couple years ago
but you know it's it's not something
that is easy to document and when these
disciplinary proceedings are often done
you know behind closed doors and people
people aren't sure you know what exactly
was the piece of evidence that you know
got a cop on early retired or put them
on desk duty the question about
Authority is pretty interesting I mean I
think we can all agree that over the
last year with the you know videos
coming out of you know Eric Gardner and
Freddie gray that these videos you know
maybe they don't have any official legal
authority but they certainly pack a
punch and they have they have a serious
impact I mean if you can if you can
launch a thousand people into the
streets of Baltimore with you know or if
you can if you can launch a thousand
people into Union Square in New York
with the help of video evidence you're
really there's a real impact here to
these videos and the question of whether
specific officers have been put away for
specific videos is something that is
harder to nail down but I think we can
say with confidence that um they pack a
punch alright so Eric I hope that
answers your question and I know RJ's on
skype and he's got a couple questions
for you so let's say eight hour day hey
RJ hey how you doing today one good man
how you doing a couple questions for you
the first one is you know what petitions
do we have in the police as you know
private citizens ok what purchases do we
you know have yeah i mean that's that's
a really important question and that's a
question you'll get a different answer
to depending on who you ask i think
first of all it's pretty much
universally acknowledged that you have a
right to film in public you know is for
amendment right to film in public and
take pictures in public and so I you
know what I would say when it comes to
you know cop watching is that as long as
you're not interfering with what the
officer is doing as long as you're
keeping a safe distance away what you're
doing is lawful now there are certain
cases where the police try to make a
claim about wiretapping laws or make the
claim that the active filming in itself
is interfering with what they're doing
but i would say on the whole that you're
you're on good solid ground if your
cameras in view your not interfering and
you have a wide berth between yourself
and the police and that's what the aclu
will tell you and that's what these cop
watch teams will tell you if you ask
them alright so what would be some best
practices that you would advise for
people who are you know watching the
cops and things like that you know I've
never watched the cops I've just watched
people who watch the console us so i
wouldn't say like I wouldn't be the guy
to tell you like do this don't do that
but I can tell you that there are a lot
of resources out there for people who
are interested in learning more about
what that's like you know and if you go
online and look up some of the cop watch
groups that we talked about in our piece
they are more than happy to help you get
involved there you know they are
recruiting hard and they will help you
you know they have they think hard and
long about this you know they're not
just like rolling out of their houses
with cameras and like following the
police like they plan and it's a serious
endeavor so if you reach out to them I
think they could really help you out
about something you're interested in and
last question you know if you do
character footage of an incident like
you know the Freddie gray and utter and
Eric garner you know what should you do
with that footage why I should send it
directly to me you should email me get
email to me and you should tell me about
it that's what I would do my emails on
my twitter handle all right so what are
people you know doing with this footage
that is you know getting it out there
and a quick and you know safe way well
you know it really depends you know like
a lot of the cop watch teams that the
cop watch team I spent time with in
Harlem you know tries to upload the
footage immediately like live just in
case anything happens with their camera
during
you know during an encounter and if they
see anything you know fishy and even if
that's like a small infraction like an
officer turning their badge the wrong
way or you know what they perceive to be
an officer crossing a line they'll take
it to the you know civilian complaint
board or they'll you know they'll try to
convince a prosecutor to press charges I
mean or they'll go to the media uh you
know there's a lot that can be done with
this video but you know it's a struggle
that's it all right thank you you've
answered all more questions no problem
and thanks for thanks for coming on yeah
thank you for joining us man so I'll be
let's take a quick Twitter interlude and
let it go look at this question that we
got from DJ DJ wants to know how
citizens should deal with officers who
are forcibly attempting to prevent them
from filming what's the best way to
respond to that or what did you you
learn from your cop friends well you
know I mean this is a real issue and
there are definitely cases that you hear
about around the country police officers
who have told citizens they don't have
the right to film in a certain situation
and I guess I would say that most of the
time the officer is going to be making a
claim that they their job is being
interfered with at that moment so so the
way to avoid this is to step back ask
the you know the in the ACLU or any cop
Archer will tell you that you should
always ask the cops if you're free to go
and if they say you're free to go you're
not being detained you know in a tense
situation on the streets if you're
filming something cops can cops can get
anxious and and they can give you
and you know knowing your rights is
really important before you you go out
and try to do this sort of thing um so
yeah definitely be prepared but at base
level you're allowed to film the police
so you know you should be confident in
that alright cool so I hope that answers
your question DJ um and you know in the
spirit of on the line guess what I via
there's more people who want to ask you
questions so let's say two honey who's
calling this from sunny California hi
Abby hey how's it going how are you I'm
good I'm on the
I'm good um so I want to ask you a
couple questions the first one the
journalists have been well trained and
have had experience in order to be
professional in conflict yeah ideally
yeah right lita sake met the conflict
without being engaged how can it is an
activist he trusted the record police
without disrupting their ability to do
their job yeah i mean i think that's
that's an interesting question um i
think first of all i would say that it's
important to make a distinction between
everyday people who bust out their
camera when they see something they
think is whack on the street and caught
the cop watch teams that you know my
colleague test and i spent a lot of time
talking to you though these people take
training very seriously these cop watch
teams you know the ones in Oakland and
Baltimore and Ferguson and the ones in
Harlem we spent time with you know they
so you know honestly they are putting a
lot more thought and care into what
they're doing out on the streets and
most journalists I know we're putting
into their thought process before they
go out and do an interview you know I
mean but I the question to the question
about individual citizens who busts out
their cell phones I mean it's true that
you know if you're not someone who's
thought a lot about what it means the
implications of filming the police it
could get hairy but one of the goals of
these cop watch teams that you know Tess
and I profiled is to educate people
about how to best film the police so you
know that's the ultimate goal for a lot
of these groups is to make this
information widely dispersed to put on
trainings to engage as many people as
possible that is so that if really
anyone in a neighborhood that's heavily
policed see something going on they they
think is wrong that they have sort of
the basic knowledge about how to film it
safely and legally that's fantastic
that's great to hear and then I have one
more and so with so many people
independently recording complexes
believe what all of these citizen
activists be considered journalists at
this point and what defines being a
journalist today sorry could you repeat
the end of that okay um basically a site
with so many people in
ently recording conflict with pleased
with all of these that is an activist be
considered journalist and if so what
constitutes being a journalist today
what constitutes being a journalist
today what what a question I I think do
I have an awesome answer to that
probably not I think that you're right
to say that the lines between what it
means to be an activist or a citizen or
a reporter are blurring when you can
throw whatever you want on the
internet and you know it can go viral
and then you're the source and no
there's no journalist mediating but i
guess i would say that the people who
are doing this work don't consider
themselves journalists right i mean no
one you would ask who does Copwatch says
I'm a journalist you know they're
activists and they have a political
agenda like a strong political agenda
that they that they're trying to advance
and it has to do with police
accountability some of them it has to do
with police abolition you know it runs a
wide there's a wide gamut of opinions
but you know the distinction between
someone like myself who covers this and
a cop watch of themselves is that no I'm
interested in understanding why they do
it and and they're quite interested in
enacting like radical reform in the way
we deal with crime in this country okay
great well thank you so much for my
question hey no problem thanks for
coming on so honey thank you for taking
the time I know it's early out there
better let's say hey to your last skype
I let's say to Sean who's calling us
from nearby bleed tion you're in
Brooklyn right yeah all right you're
going Abby hey Sean how's it gone i'm
doing alright i'll have a few questions
for you cool so person first of all if I
read your article and based on the tone
of it it appears that the police
department's finding the cap watches
Watchers to be a nuisance do you know if
they've had any positive reactions by
the police or at least a level of
understanding why these citizens are
going other way to film them you know
that's a great question um I think you
know personally for my reporting I
didn't come across you know any cops who
were really excited about being filmed
I you know I I have heard from cop
watchers who claim that you know off the
record police will certain police
officers will say hey like we see some
crazy out there we're glad you're
there but I I you know and and the
retired police officer who tests and I
reached out to acknowledge that you know
please you'd have to be living under a
rock to not know that police brutality
is a hot-button issue in this country
right now and you'd have to be living
under a rock to think that filming
things doesn't have an impact so you
know I think police acknowledge the
climate that they're swimming in but you
know the police that we observed
reporting this story definitely you know
were made to feel differently when when
when these cameras were there and that's
one of the main points of the story
right is that like you know they do act
differently and they do feel reined in
and they do feel watched and that's
something the cop watchers are trying to
achieve and I think you know if someone
went to your job and started filming you
when you were at work you would you
wouldn't be you wouldn't be stoked about
it right i mean you you would we prefer
they don't don't do it but you know
you're you and you and I my job doesn't
involve like potentially using lethal
force on people so you know the argument
the cop watches are making is that yes
maybe this kind of sucks if you're a
police officer that people are following
you around with cameras but if you're
gonna pick to do a job where you are
legally allowed to hurt people this
might come with the territory know
exactly I agree with that I mean like
you're like you're saying our jobs if
there's no reason for anyone to so much
because we're not public servants or not
being paid by the taxpayers to you know
protect communities yeah exactly and so
thanks thanks for answering my question
um you kind of answered this key for but
you mentioned that you reached out for
the NYPD and you got no comment they
didn't want anything to do with it but
with the retired police officers that
you tried to interview was there any
that gave you problems with them you
know trying to be interviewed or did you
get any like strange reactions from them
or so like what kind of reactions did
you get um you know the one retired
police officer that Tess and I included
in the piece had an understanding and I
think and I think honestly like after
you've left the police force and they
you have some time to reflect on this
like and you're seeing it from a bit of
an outsider perspective you might
understand the inclination to film the
cops I mean to directly answer your
question like my interaction with
actually police officers reporting the
story was not it wasn't a very rich
interaction for I think pretty obvious
reasons when we set out to report the
piece we did really want to do a piece
about cop watch that showed both the
police and the cop Watchers and how that
dynamic developed because I agree with
you it's a fascinating question right I
mean like what like in their private
moments like how do these police
officers feel about being surveilled I I
would love to know and but I can tell
you that we did observe a lot of these
interactions like on the ground between
cop washers and please and they're not
what you'd expect you know there's a lot
of joking around there's a lot of
recognition like oh you're back
like I said like I remember you from
last night I mean there's so there's a
bit of our like a familiarity that
builds with some of these like heavy
hardcore cop Watchers like Jose in our
piece um but and I wasn't it like I
wasn't able to like pull the cops aside
and get them to stay on the record like
hey like this sucks or this is
the best like I'm so glad they're here
because my buddies sometimes go off the
rails so yeah I'm like hey have you got
if you have any police friends who want
to talk to me about what it feels like
to be watched like definitely let me
know well I don't have any cop friends
at the moment but when i do i'll send
them your way one other question in your
article he also mentioned that some of
the members of cop watch have been
harassed or monitored by the police yeah
by speaking to them what was the
furthest you heard the police gone to
try to deter the communities from
filming them like the extreme cases um
yeah I mean I think you know with this
stuff it's always hard to verify right i
mean there was a great report in the
intercept a couple weeks back about you
know NYPD surveillance of black lives
matter protesters and some cop watchers
and you know it was they found documents
that showed that the NYPD has singled
out
Jose lassalle who is the one of the most
prominent cop Watchers in Harlem had
circulated his picture and noted his
presence at protests so at the very base
we mean but the rationale behind that
the connection between cop watch and
that it's you know it's Dennis Flores
who does cop watch in calamba down in
Brooklyn has also made accusations that
the NYPD is followed him around and
intimidated him but at the end of the
day you know yeah there hasn't been to
my knowledge a clear-cut case where a
cop watcher has been able to prove XYZ
that I've been harassed for cop watch
but anecdotally and talking to cop
Watchers I wouldn't be surprised if
there's a lot of tension and and it
potentially you know there's an
antagonistic relationship that
definitely develops and it's especially
if you're going to be like a public face
of cop watch like some of these people
choose to be you're definitely putting a
target on your back I mean the police
are going to know who you are right
right so I figured yeah 11 last question
on if you're the like the members of cap
watch were very hopeful in their efforts
of filming the police that they you know
they hope this would invoke change
within the police department I think you
you brought some figure in like maybe
like pointy to change like point zero
one percent or something very marginal
amount so i imagine that they're very
discouraged when they go out and film
and see that no change has been made so
i was wondering like what specifically
where the cop watch members discouraged
about because they're one thing that
they keep mentioning yeah i mean i think
it's really important to keep in mind
that like so the cop like the political
goals and look even views on policing in
the cop watch movement or quite broad
it's a diffuse movement city by city and
it ranges from people who want to see
you reform of the police department we
the people who want to see the police
abolished and you all you have them all
under the umbrella of cop watch so um
i'd say that people are less focused on
the numbers coming out of police
brutality cases and murder or the police
you know pls killings and prosecutions
and more
focus on the ways that they can on the
streets flip the tables on police in an
interaction by interaction basis right
so I mean one of the things i focused on
in the piece which i think is really
important is the way that just the
presence of a uniformed disciplined
Copwatch team how that just changes the
flavor of an on the street interaction
between police and citizens right and I
think that's so that that's where the
results aren't discouraging from a cop
Watchers perspective that you know
they're there they know that when
they're there they're changing that
dynamic on the ground and they're hoping
that that will build the sort of
momentum they need to make you know in
their view policing more fair and more
just but yeah you're right i mean the
number that we did we crunched some
numbers you know a couple months back
that showed like 1.5 percent of civilian
killings resulted in i think it was even
an indictment or a prosecution so yeah I
mean if you look at the numbers you know
there's not a lot of evidence that
probably you know that police brutality
or police killings are getting taken to
trial and that I think that that that
that is definitely discouraging but
there's hope in kop watcher see hope and
the person by person interactions okay
yeah I hope that helped is all my
question yeah I think all right hey Sean
thanks for coming on so obvi I reaching
the end of the show but there's a
question we got on Twitter a little bit
tongue-in-cheek but take a look at this
from Mountain wants to know who police's
the people that police the police so a
lot of police in there but basically
he's wondering who's responsible for
monitoring cop watch and making sure
they're following the rules um yeah I
mean I think the simple answer that
question is the police to add another
police into the mix um you know as I was
just saying on the police taken upon
themselves I mean police know who these
cop watchers are and I can guarantee you
that if they begin to step out of line
that they're they're gonna they're gonna
get help for it so though if you would
like to start Anton of policing the
people who police the
police patrol I think we could really
that could be an interesting new layer
yeah so the the serious answer is that
you know cop watches our police like
everyone else's police by the by the
police force all right well let's uh
let's talk to anthem later about
starting a branch of cop watch in
Slovenia so oh yeah you made it all the
way to the end of the show once you say
goodbye to all the folks at home thanks
so much for watching if you're
interested in some more of our reporting
on police and criminal justice we've got
a great officer involved blog at vice
news com go check it out and thanks so
much for joining me have a good
afternoon I'll shot that video yes not
know whether we were gonna get justice
and we fought man we hard so
everybody that was here positively for
me and my man Freddie fighting for this
cause I feel like you guys deserves the
most respect man because without you
guys this this wouldn't have been ticket
to worldwide listen you a lot of people
are calling you a hero because you know
you were the one who shot the video
right I mean thanks to that video I
guess people knew that something
happened that wasn't normal that was how
do you feel get it close stuff get it
close sheet I'm afraid of tears man I'm
these are tears of joy you understand
what I'm talking about I'm happy my man
Freddie can get peace after this people
don't really start to respect us in the
police force
