after spending like you know I think
eight days with each other by then you
know through various prisons torment
within 30 seconds we had teachers being
behind hi I'm Jason Mojica
editor-in-chief of vice news as you may
or may not know last month three vice
news journalists working in southeast
Turkey were arrested and imprisoned on
the ridiculous charges of supporting a
terrorist organization two of the
journalists phil pendleton Rihan were
released but the third muhammad rasool
is still being held and his future
remains uncertain coming to us live
today from London we've got Jay can ran
here to talk to us about that experience
about why the story they were working on
is so important and what we can do to
free Russell hi Jake and thanks to both
you guys for coming on so we've got a
bunch of people ready to talk to you on
skype and we'll be watching Twitter
during the show for any questions that
people might have but let's get started
with Nate who's calling us on skype from
New York let's say it innate I don't
fine
yeah I work for Freedom House and based
here in New York I'm the project
director for nations in transit and I
follow turkey a lot of course this isn't
the first time journalists have been
detained or investigated or even
deported from Turkey there were a bunch
of allegations mostly anonymous in the
pro-government press after the detention
about what you all were doing about what
Vice was doing in southeastern Turkey
can you tell us more about what you were
covering and who you were interacting
with why you think you were detained the
peace process between the PKK and the
Turkish state is now in tatters and
we've been there before to the southeast
with the youth wing of the PKK the ygg
cage and then a lot of fighting there
and civilians are being killed soldiers
are being killed
policeman being shot
so we wanted to go and find out what was
happening basically I J we went around
with a few of these militants who claim
to have no opened up autonomous zones
and the areas they live in any Turkish
beliefs or such authorities that trying
when they shoot at them and they're all
heavily armed and of course you know
teenagers with guns trying to take over
certain areas is something that's
important so we went down there to
report on it and do you think it was the
matter of getting picked up do you think
it was just a local issue sort of the
wrong place wrong time with the police
or security services down there do you
think there was a bigger agenda behind
it released a few other journalists have
also been arrested
I think perhaps there is a bigger thing
going on where they don't want no
Gentiles to report from that area but
you know I'm not sure why I think maybe
it could have been some involvement from
her you know pyro and what kind of
messages are you getting now from the
government when when you're
communicating with them about Muhammad
Rasool because it's quite delicate case
but right now we're just waiting to hear
the next level of progress is he still
hasn't mean you know sentenced or
anything like that we just hopefully
know I hope that he will released as we
were but has he even been formally
charged yet we were only child who was
doing their investigation even my
cellphone footprint agree so yeah even
though we're back here we're still under
investigation
thanks Jose all right Nate well thanks
for coming on man a weird we're able to
answer your questions you know we
actually did get a lot of interest in
the story on Twitter and I want to take
a look at a tweet that we got from
Kayleigh
so Kayleigh wants to know have the
charges against you and your colleagues
Jake affected how others are reporting
on sensitive topics on Turkey so have
you heard from anyone about a chilling
effect that this arrest and detention
might have had and I mean yes study
without
name's a few other journalists quite
prominent journalists of you know
reached out to me and spoken to me about
it
and have kind of said they've noticed
that there is a harder crackdown right
now in the southeast I know a few of the
journalists being supported after we
were so I think you know if there was a
message that they were trying to send
out I think it has kind of no effect a
few people yeah all right
well Kelly thanks for the question and
so just remember we're watching Twitter
right now if anyone has any questions
and and speaking of questions we do have
Patrick on skype who I know has a few
questions for you so let's say it a
Patrick hey Jason
hey Jake I'm good I'm good
so my I have three questions so why do
you think Brazil is still in prison and
you and Philip were released yeah that's
my first question
sad reality is that we're why Western
journalists who unfortunately more of a
fuss it's made about you know if I have
the media unless and it looks like it's
worse with British you know we have
different citizenship so we were
released so yes there's a lot of
pressure there last news are doing
everything we can still full resort to
kind of you know raise awareness
unfortunately there just isn't the same
amount of news I mean we were in it me
and Phil in the news quite a lot we've
been released and I don't see any reason
why resorption be in the news you know
as much as we were unfortunately you
know it's just not the way it is so
that's what we're doing everything we
can to raise awareness we need people to
help us do that as well we need to be
free as much as we do he's done
absolutely nothing wrong
okay what is the international community
doing so are they like pressing on
Turkey as anyone spoke out as any other
countries spoke out against Turkey for
imprisoning rasul great joys and
charities and places like that we've
done a lot of good work of helped us and
it still opening resort was all is a
resident of the KRG in iraq and the
equity sustainment which was no it would
of course be very useful but right now
yeah there is
of international attention still it's
just trying to keep the attention I
think going outside of the kind of
journalist community just for you know
normal people still hear about this and
you know keep people's attention that
way okay and then other than awareness
because I see like a bush on awareness
through social media where are some
other ways people can help how vice can
help how the international community can
help get resolved out of prison
other than awareness I mean we you know
doing everything they can you know best
ways although the company talked about
that kind of thing is it's non-going
case there's a lot of legal things going
on in the background you know raising
awareness is actually massively helpful
it's kind of what got me in fellow when
people realized and if they look at
resource case it's exactly the same as I
was we did nothing wrong we were just
journalists they're reporting on what we
want to do and you know for some reason
he's been held longer so really it's a
case of raising awareness and in the
future we're gonna be looking at some
campaigns hopefully okay awesome thank
you hey dude yeah you know most of the
people watching this are probably
familiar with the circumstances but I
wonder if you would be able to walk us
through the arrests and and you know the
imprisonment and just to help us
understand better the situation that
Russell is in right now
sure yeah well we've been we've been in
Turkey for about five days before we
were arrested we've been all over the
southeast Ridge I'll back her for about
two days filming and one night we just
came back to our hotel and 20 police
officers were waiting for us from the
steps they jumped off the steps took us
into custody on these insane charges of
assisting the Islamic state somehow we
were held for around four days in these
kind of solitary custody cells we went
to corn we thought you know Saul gonna
be overseas of course they did the
police even said to us there's no
evidence of this and when we went to
call prosecutors said there needs to be
a further investigation that's when we
were sent to the high-security terror
prison which was of course an extremely
scary for all of us and we didn't know
what was going on we didn't get
so I'll always a few times and then one
day there's the guy just came and said
he to a free which is of course another
horrible moment having to leave was
order after you know all three of us
have been together the whole time
and supporting each other and and then
we had to just you know even that and
what did what did Russell say at that
moment we just said to him he just said
look get me out guys get me out I'm
gonna be fine
we're gonna do everything we can said
yeah it's like okay okay I understand I
understand
yeah we just kind of I don't know what
can you say we do nothing we could do
you know we even asked that the gods
like he gives one minute when I told my
friends about get out so after spending
like you know eight days with each other
by then you know through various prisons
woman where within 30 seconds we had to
just be behind all right well you know
that's that's unfortunate um yeah you
know I hate to change the topic off of
her soul but you know one of the things
that we have been discussing is the
status of the Free Press in Turkey
so yeah Robert on Twitter actually wants
to know if the people that you
encountered in Turkey citizens of Turkey
are aware of how much the government is
controlling the media did you get a
sense from anyone if they were aware and
how they felt about it
headline liselle yeah but that's no
that's no press the disregard Ian I
think what you want but I think people
are aware but you know there are there
are other issues going on I mean people
having their house it shelled and you
know but it's flying through their
windows in certain areas so I think you
know generally normal civilians are not
concentrating on the Free Press they're
just you know hoping to I just live a
normal life
great so you know um I hope that
answered your question Robert but let's
talk to one of our other Skype guess
we've got Courtney on the line who wants
to ask you a few questions let's say -
Courtney hi Jay good
prior to your arrest you were covering
conflict between Turkish forces and the
Kurdistan Workers Party will you
continue covering the pro Kurdistan
Workers Party I mean considering that
much that movements take place in Turkey
which we can't go back to you know it's
gonna be very hard but I mean it is
certainly a topic for a long time myself
and fella found quite interesting we
were kind of focusing on this youth
group and the youth live wing do they
kind of users like they see themselves
as like urban protection units because
it's you know they're kind of the next
generation you know it begs the question
where are these teenagers getting their
arms from so that's kind of what we
found quite interesting about it but I
mean we can try and cover it as that's
become with its own you know made us shy
away from our reporting what advice can
you give to young reporters who want to
cover conflict and cover crisis and
areas of conflict
I just think me very very prepared you
know proper training don't run into
anything take as much advice from you
know other journalists more experienced
journalists as you can when you're using
fixers drivers etc make sure that you
have good recommendations you know you
know they come from you know the
journalist has given you
I think it's obvious I'll ask yourself
know whatever it is you're going to
cover is it worth the risk we're taking
thank you so much thank you
hey Jake jumping off her question there
about you know young journalists working
in conflict and crisis zones I wonder if
you could talk a bit about the
importance of local journalists in doing
this type of work and you know kind of
explain a bit the type of work that
Russell did and how he worked for many
other news organizations and you know
the role he plays yeah of course yeah I
mean without this the job would be
impossible I mean the kind of kind of
connections that resolve you know helped
us with you know these people I kind of
use speeches I don't speak the language
I mean it's essential really you can't
just turn up somewhere where there's you
know complete going on and just expect
to start filming you need people to
introduce you to this what you are to
fix you up so I'm yeah they're they like
an integral part you could not do it
without the local journalist you know
people like
kazoo yeah and you know everyone you
know when this happened a lot of people
reached out of course expressing concern
for you and Phil but uh there was this
massive outpouring from journalists who
worked with Russell and all singing his
praises and I just wonder if you could
tell us a little bit about him
personally you know for those who don't
know him yeah he's a very very one of
the funniest guys I've ever met like
he's that he's very dedicated to his
work outside of work like you know you
can have a great laugh with him I mean
to be honest even sat there I'm like why
security so good terror prisons he was
kind of keeping the spirits up with
cracking jokes he was like he found a
newspaper and he just spent a whole egg
doing Sudoku on the back after like a
bit of newspaper like you know he kind
of took it all in his stride and at the
end of the day like you know he's just a
young guy he's 24 like he likes got fun
and he works very hard he's a very smart
guy as well which sadly seemed somewhat
against him is the fact he's incredibly
intelligent does a good job somehow
means he's you know an agent or some
sort whatever is there trying to say he
is yeah well hey Jason I don't I hope
you don't have any questions because
Katie Tyrell on Twitter actually has a
question for you both of you guys Kenny
wants to know how the British public can
help to get resolved released and what's
brought on that - how can how can the
general public help to get rissalah by
just understanding exactly who is he's
not just some like guy that we picked up
he's you know he's a professional
journalist and you know a very good
friend of ours just like me he's just
like Phil he's you know there was no
difference apart from you know he comes
from Iraq we come from England he's he's
the same way he supports Austin it's
Joey
he's just a normal guy people need to
understand that you know he's locked up
there and he does people do need to
raise awareness in the same way they did
for us
great well you know I think that that
brings us just about to the end of our
show so Jake I'm gonna ask you if you've
got any last words you want to say
before we let you get to the rest of
your day
I'm just going to thank everybody for
the support myself and Phil have been
given I'm just asked everybody can
please you know keep trying to support
result in whatever way possible like
every little bit does
cool alright well Jake thanks for coming
on and we'll give you the final word for
the show yeah I just want to say thanks
for joining us and please check vice
News for updates on Russell's case and
to that last question you know right
your member of Congress or Parliament I
think that will have a big impact
especially if you write them on paper
and put it in an envelope and with use a
stamp politicians are old-school they
like paper so honestly that'll make a
big difference and you'll get a response
so thanks again for joining us please
use the hashtag free Rasul on social
media and we'll see you next time
you
