how do you feel now you're in your
economy obviously Fiesta Bowl let's make
a Plaza family
this is one of the beaches in northern
lesbos that's essentially the front line
now for Europe for this refugee crisis
three boat fills of refugees coming from
Turkey that's landing here right now
every day across beach should have spent
more than lesbos in the other islands of
the Aegean refugees Syrians Afghans
Iraqis becoming all throughout the day
and landing on the beaches then walking
across the island to the portal onwards
the Westborough was so dangerous why we
are doing this because the Greece or any
other Arab countries doesn't don't give
us visa that's why and this the only way
my happiness Jerris well there was some
economic problems family problems that's
why there are so many boats isn't there
like weather 35 volts 40 point some of
them the engine was broke in the middle
of the ocean how do you see the
situation
it was worse but the still servicing
some things start to be good but same
thing more people on the way they
started to be cold tonight people
sleeping on the streets children babies
on the street
six boat coming in now it seems it's
being hinted on our refugees coming in
from Syria from Iraq from Afghanistan
the flow doesn't seem to be stopping
anytime soon and these volunteers from
Denmark are helping and giving them
water giving advice helping the most
vulnerable to the island castle
it comes the Town Hall here in
miscellany the capsule of the islands
lesbos to see how the mayor is dating
this situation how would you describe
the situation now that's was after
sutapa shaft Otonashi like you have to
hurry leather after distinguish equality
splatters this and I probably motto
pimping my cookie Pangos me the molested
lesbian sure if they para police he yeah
this process even met Anna stone Elkin
day you know social disorders in AfriNIC
I literally said me every Peggy corner
of tina.bill York cities are you
satisfied with the level of support he
received in the central government in
Athens Deborah my monomers a mystery
after hearty polymer Deborah man and
action of the Polaris image Leslie
imitating me pursue my phone dr. berty
must a Felix in Germany very small
demonstration allowed one of its local
citizens a film cells Apache offset
citizens of Michelini
they're here to demonstrate against the
presence of the refugees particular
Muslim refugees that shouting Muslims
out of your Muslims off our island the
Prophet Mohammed on Diwali the were many
arrows yes
od given em no definite - yeah
particular policy Moria by Nixon a para
la promesa monatomic area more atomic
area K of this thing we must a law will
be some poll details you must the policy
must autonomy of Sophia's the boiling on
the capacitor yeah have the norm of CK's
meeting ek9 piece of tuna area CS Kim
Vallez
yeah a few most pivotal happening for
people from a pan
last few refugees here at the port are
running to get on the ferry there's two
ferries here one's going to Athens one's
going to Karbala in northern Greece
it seems relatively orderly here now now
the ferry has been brought in but the
Greek government after almost a month
that the refugees have been waiting it
seems it's the the urban middle class is
really of Syria and Iraq
you're leaving me why didn't leave the
road we are run away from bad conditions
from Isis and our government they are
bad governments and how long have you
been here in Greece I've been here since
the 26th of August and have conditions
been here bad conditions because a
crowded of people thousands of people's
and now we are relieved because we are
living now where do you want to go
knowing to my family we are living a
Sweden and I hope to get there safe I
hope so I hope you'll be able to be a
pharmacist to work the pharmacist in
Sweden as well if I get there I hope
work and
volker sure not standing and waiting for
giving snow that's not my personality
very so that the Palestinian refugee why
Germany because we have two cousins in
there and may accept the people to come
there yeah I think they let us to
deliver yeah so we will miss make it
yeah over the past few weeks a bit lucky
humanitarian disaster was unfolding here
twenty thousand refugees from Syria from
Iraq and Afghanistan from Africa
assembled here trying to get to Western
Europe stretching the resource of the
island when the contents related to cope
now over the past few days it looks like
the center governing Athens is
increasingly taking a handle the
situation six thousand refugees and lose
the mainland yesterday on very thousands
more or less than two more ferries today
the hope here is that most these
refugees removes the mainland by the end
of the week but the unfolding crisis
across the Middle East means that plenty
more will follow
you
