we were traveling with muhannad amor a
rebel commander within the desert
al-quran brigade he had agreed to show
us one of the many physicians around the
city of there
the regime held areas if there are are
connected to Damascus by a thin strip of
land surrounding a major road if the
rebels can gain control of this road
they can surround the regime and there
are cutting them off from resupply and
once they have taken there are they can
advance towards the Syrian capital
Damascus reported bismillah any skill or
particular here congressman our bodies
our bodies our Shinawatra but more Judea
Aveeno hot metal hot delay the term will
might of terrible North America -
Galileo gen1 auditory
the Messiah
Roboto show me a miracle America
Italian was enough under storage to do
it but conscious heist what never know I
always have a buddy doing abdominal
reservoir
