what about the attention towards their
food with her father
so whatever in Sweden we are aware Sokka
what agony you are little break at an
allusion to Michelle happy madam
children our mother at the moment we're
not knowing anything and we don't know
what's next and this place is not really
safe was
vice news traveled to Tripoli in Libya a
country divided by civil war and faction
fighting
we heard that militias aligned with the
self-proclaimed government and now
rounding up and seizing migrants waiting
to cross the Mediterranean Sea to Europe
we were granted access to a site where a
faction of the controlling militia named
Libya Dawn had just arrested hundreds of
migrants and refugees they were being
held in an abandoned industrial site in
the suburb of Taj aura when we arrived
hundreds of refugees from sub-saharan
Africa were detained outside of a
disused warehouse
sardine fill in for Fatah Emilia or for
mr. camreta Jorah
yes tamale manaphy Ezra cursory Afiya
Yama's Rafi Otto röhm on Lana colobus
were taught abhorrent Alan Sabbath
manusia rod rod with the hymnal Macerata
bond we do mcComish muhammad remove an
amateur ham today we're gonna fair how
are you mr. Romeo let the Samhita
Caravan water column name oh come on
Hadji an occasion Amma ma ma ma se ma
fille she's a bottle a tewara my father
loved shake shuffle for Leon will not
study the adorably basket I would
nothing said nothing son
the women and children were separated
from the men the main reason I left my
country was there's no future in there
there's no hope we just become a soldier
you go forward we can't get out of the
country legally it's always illegal and
they can kill you
so it was lucky with us to cross the sea
we know a lot of people died there but
it's we accepted it as eretrians because
our government can't help us we came
through Sara
we lost direction we finished our water
and food after four days after the
eighth day we reached it Daria and we
were being beaten to pay 1,600 and after
we paid when they put you in a car and
you travel through the night and through
the day they just leave us in a cage and
anything can happen to us after we reach
travelers we gather like 400 people 500
people so that we can cross the border
again the sea to Italian we were
sleeping four guys came everybody tried
to run and some boys protect the girls
one they bit him on the head with the
gun and the other one on his neck and on
his back and they told all the girls to
stay in one corner they took pictures of
us when we went out of the house there
was lots of cars police cars and big
trucks then they put us in there and
then they brought us here
vanity Bonnie vanity any young ballot
omission Haruka lol Fibonacci Tyrion
shuffle Sahara Hatari
sob Kido Kido when I start a man if you
had to inaudible
Livius Tahara multitude merit animatic
30 merit an Italian Murdock best you
know they arm can turn sorry sorry my
Janel Olivia darkness a firkin Nagina
Gary Mena a jalapeno jettison well
assertion Omar fee
most of the refugees had fled from
dictatorships and human rights abuses in
Eritrea Somalia and Sudan in the middle
of fighting a civil war it wasn't
immediately clear why these militias
were getting involved in a humanitarian
crisis
Libya's vast desert borders have long
gone and policed establishing the
country as a major hub for smugglers and
traffickers in response the EU
threatened to bomb Libya's lawless
coastline targeting their smuggling
networks a government official in charge
of combatting migration told us what the
self-proclaimed government were now
doing to prevent military action
dolefully thought no banana actor Kelly
Bohemian Grove alito of Libya leticia
the room body a bucket Renata is katate
Syria deeply hot delivery much a
Moroccan air while he early beta which I
am rouhani was he became believe me more
harshly what Olivia run less maybe
Topeka kanuni Harry harden Ibrahim I had
hacer domo-kun a Dharan locator tom
bergeron Tarek really my idea da da da
da la da la mia come be a daddy so
America Matalin cut almond little Robbie
let me sell her than she has a diamond
Harry well he has Mach 2 for lady
libel Oh Tara each other terminals the
mud gate a mentor be rude
Sean Matias open
let her father shot a possible demeanor
below
this means that to help solve the
refugee crisis in Libya armed militias
are now being funded and contracted by
the National Salvation government to
help us understand why the government
had to resort to these measures the
immigration official invited us to see
how bad the conditions were in a
government-run facility
a huge men's Hall is packed with
hundreds of migrants and refugees
so me I spent Ignacio 21 days we are
happy food we are eating what the go
toilet is our problem and many people
have secured some people - in
body when they say we want to go through
solid its problem every dude has beaten
me look at my iphone by here is beating
they are shooting some people I swear
not like because I seen it for my
the specialist as he told to fight for
more and more daily business after the
world I can't stop lovin you could just
help him to us as bad because I can say
next the guards led us to an enclosure
filled with women
yeah
ladies mini-moon mama I'm a competitor
chef in Oberoi several gay people avner
up phenomenology ask and metal we'll
miss our window motor de la Li la gente
Linda Sarah I did Lavoisier Madonna
commercial guitar yet aruba have Mason -
yes Oh Mitch Berney that endeavour
guitar Adela Saran Barajas Makara Massa
Koechlin Delta you go to do not you
touchin Allah with our rambling a little
eastern methanol is it what chachani you
had had wanted more ChaCha media Carter
- no as he Canon already throw me double
booth animality - nope watch or meter me
devil devotee and I hear maybe still not
abandoning I gotta make an upward I get
a burn becoming a supporter member told
me that you can't even and you are
getting in with a garage and I'm the
medicine will reduction our wall Jackman
Alina come Guanajuato garage umber
number is like a pirate and a minion and
mangas the mufti and even lemon juice
Detroit archenemy not a wallet and your
mother but he's gonna meet up an enemy
venom I'll get a meal enemy
human rights groups have reported
widespread abuse in detention centers
throughout Libya
we went to ask NASA Hossam the head of
this government facility about his
methods of keeping control first he was
keen to show how organized they were
despite being over capacity
the manager I'll I'll bring you know
throw me a guy chill in Ghana and the
telephone where and Asia was by that
time a Tennessee Bob - sorry shanira
Sahara in the air city comes on Chile
under nervously sorry Nina 0 to 1 F in
American Tom mother Patty and ear has
yet come on Vasudha
tomahto
me samoh so Sania me 10 more dld diverse
well moji know taro poem Okada miss
voodoo Phoenicia wa la hija generic fee
astrati
Jetta Akkad fatale Medea am NOT Muslim
charity rather banal hawala may permit a
tariff more initially it our character
le numéro de mr. Muhammad are ways by
get official Akuma bushnell em rebel
umma have him in a bush do any Nimrod
man Melanie local harm of - maybe we
denied Ana criado man - a in a column
which is an AHA dosa
smuggling networks have taken advantage
of karma seized over the summer months
and record numbers are trying to leave
Libya's Shores to make the deadly
crossing to Europe with the
self-proclaimed government willing to
work with militias exploiting the
migrant crisis the detained refugees
have become a valuable commodity and a
political bargaining chip UN peace talks
are ongoing between Libya's two
conflicting governments one that's
internationally recognized and exiled in
the city of Tobruk and the other
self-proclaimed in Tripoli
if managing the migrants offers an
opportunity to be integrated officially
into border security this could help the
militias maintain and extend their power
should a unity government be formed
at the militia run camp it's been days
since a group of migrants and refugees
were seized from smugglers they're now
being kept inside a metal warehouse and
soaring summer temperatures
yeah
I told him to gamble again rinin layer
bottom layer was allowed for cotton
wattle flapping fish teixeira dominum
letter a few thousand sir - my I met
Ishod al-hattal my trophy from D'Amato
Laputa man partially due to cotton can
head to brother
as the militia deal out the rest of the
food some of the migrants explain the
conditions they've been living in
with delivery from the Ottoman Sahara -
or an elephant a deplorable photo of the
blood during human Gary Gary waha huge
if demand vo hand I begin be Robeson
shankara but as a CEO to take a shot if
de entwine hi sup norm hi Semisonic
when I water laughs why
moral hazard you jerk Akuma city
beautiful I got to screw them in Hawaii
Rebecca I'm sorry for the girl who
certainly had an illusion to Michelle
get the madam or children or to how
mother at the mine oh nothing
we came from well catch it you know
Sarah bye bundle Weldon was about an
little $2,000
we have spent money Chama have any
fortune or give me charge advisor
machine
Oh
Oh
the women had been separated from the
men
Ahmed takes us to where they had been
moved to and Anissa I develop fun not
only how am i religious but will you
want
bruja dinner that's fun Adama can ii
Muslim at Westford other hand man born a
Samana Regina for Anna animal up and
keep indeterminism guru oler do what
für elise' hama new super affiliate
roof baby babe
Ghibli lil boosie bless me later this is
mr. funny any into illusion Italian
Sofia Turan Berta name is Fe as Marty
said husband alone American hostage
al-bashir Adam
we sleep about like 12 13 people it's
really hot but we have no choice we
leave this room alone because lots of
Libyans come in so we are also scared so
we stay a lot of girls so that if they
pull one girl we can help her out when
they see that camera Mons you'll tell
each other there's camera everywhere so
they will start giving food water and
everything they will act nice but when
you guys go there will be guns
everywhere
they all have stick it will start
talking really really rude they start
abusing us really really mean words and
we don't eat regularly we don't have
food diets sometimes they give us food
sometimes they don't but the boys they
don't eat at all lots of boys come in
we're not secure we're really really
scared because we don't trust them we
don't know what's next and this place is
not really safe for us as girls
but
with the EU applying pressure on Libya
to address the migrant crisis the
militias see this as an opportunity and
with factions now fighting for
legitimacy competition is fierce in a
wealthier suburb of Tripoli a rival
faction had already been absorbed into
Libya's central security they just
rounded up a group of migrants ready to
be moved to a detention center
the leader of the unit
Marad Abdel Kathy agreed to talk this is
academic Daria I still do
rebar aha the cave under Gaddafi
sumatriptan awesome right Eddie
tomandamanda listen Ania well n partner
I'm with merkezi fragment olives better
latina at the door at Ted Olivia
deli
Anil is no matter what
mantra girls who held your garish in the
user dead minute Africa Nanami Haruna
Davina bar
Aladdin's now album eoeo bitches
detective ye Lao ma provided medical
contravariance personís on polishing
Pompano solution Kezia maybe scientific
solara-bike
direct such as in degree poses
Salani my video comment essentially
Bellamy
Domino City versus orally at the
salutary telogen the safe way if I only
bit Sophia's anaphylactic item he's a
dear dear God
so repeat the body-mind a new party new
cocoa solids appear elements of gate a
vital key Lavinia Pompey della payment
RCMP secrecy proposal idea buddy like a
bicycle
although we were unable to verify the
migrant story if numbers and arrests are
becoming a way for the militias to
legitimize themselves than thousands of
migrants who are now residing and
working in Libya could also be at risk
of being detained
you
back at the camp in Tashiro the militia
had started putting the migrants to work
and were renovating the site
since our last visit they've connected
electricity and today they're installing
running water and opening a shower room
for the men
me llamo Fernanda not those llamas Jolla
monetizable more time before
I'll fish this a long time
despite the conditions washing for the
first time in weeks offered some relief
running water was also being installed
over at the women's halls when you guys
left one guy came and he asked us what
we were saying they started asking us
why we're talking the truth so everybody
kept quiet they did not say that I was
the one talking but they told us not to
say anything
everybody's they can't say anything
because they are scared but I'm
sacrificing my life for a change because
I really need to change my family back
at home me change
everybody in here need change we do not
come here to eat or work we don't want
their electric city we don't want their
water we don't want your food we just
want to go if we're not going to get any
help from anybody we want to go through
the sea do not this is like death for us
we're not scared of death we are
Eritrean our main aim is to go to Europe
if we don't make it
we're okay with it because we rather die
than to stay here this is like we're
like dead people here
I heard there United Nation in Libya but
there is no United Nation in Libya and
we need the United Nation here despite
some improvements the conditions of the
camp are still rudimentary and desperate
even while being filmed some of the
soldiers looked under the influence of
drugs
if the militias are to become part of
the state more and more migrants futures
will be placed in their hands
where
we ask the leader of the militia Marijke
shrewder what his intentions are unarmed
son Jim Keithley was there diarrhea 700
sheiter good learning getting home and
do get Noah Livingstone more and more oh
ha ba na na mahal ain't nothin Minerva
do killer film operati McCain Peary be
honest Anwar Wayne Manor go and not
wanna and Hannah had more Libya not more
Libby Natisha 1 - Bush leprechaun had
wanna move even had admitted learner
hood matanga
since leaving the camp we made contact
with a detainee who had made it out he
told us that the militia had sold him
and over 2 dozen others to a trafficker
for $26,000 the traffickers then held
him prisoner until his family paid for
his freedom highlighting just how much
of a commodity the refugees and migrants
have become before leaving the camp he
told us that the militia had started to
prepare the migrants for labour
for men that tried to escape the camp
were killed on the spot and women who
tried to run were tortured as Libya's
internal fight for stability continues
and the militias censor political and
business opportunity it looks unlikely
that the surrendered custody of the
refugees making these people a pawn in
the malicious quest for power
a lot riskier that to me I'm sorry she
were hit movie shall why am i fat for
our guys
you
you
