it's Wednesday September 16th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Peruvian authorities are investigating
allegations that the country's army is
trafficking weapons fifty three grenades
were found inside a home in a suburb of
the capital last week police say they've
been sold to gangs who use them to
threaten and extort civilians a bomb
technician died earlier this month after
a grenade he was trying to defuse
exploded outside his school North Korea
brought its main nuclear complex back
online on Tuesday
the atomic reactor at the Yongbyon
nuclear site was upgraded and restarted
officials say they're working to improve
the quality and quantity of their
nuclear weapons the plant was shut down
in 2007 under an agreement with five
countries including the United States
and China in exchange for improved
relations and economic aid Syria's
president has deflected blame for
Europe's growing migrant crisis in an
interview on Russian television but
shouted Assad said foreign support for
extremists in Syria has caused the mass
exodus and said a political solution is
possible only after the fighting ends
more than three million people have fled
Syria since the conflict began in 2011
hundreds of thousands are seeking asylum
in Western Europe
a female boxer in England is encouraging
other Muslim women to take up sports by
designing an athletic a job many veiled
Muslim girls are reluctant to exercise
in front of men because they're not
supposed to show their hair the hijab
we definitely empower them and make them
feel that they can take part in sport
and be taken seriously rather than
walking into a gym and not having the
right head gear on or HR born in England
Muslim girls have the lowest sports
participation rate among Buddhists Sikhs
and Hindus check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world have been only on YouTube when
I shall get the madam and children now
mother
