it's Tuesday September 15th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
protesters clash with police in Nepal's
capital on Monday after lawmakers
rejected a proposal that would
re-establish the country as a Hindu
state more than two-thirds of the
Constituent Assembly voted to keep the
current secular system in place it's
part of a debate on the drafting of a
new constitution following years of
political deadlock security has been
tightened in Katmandu and midweeks of
protests that have killed at least 40
people more than 350 inmates escaped to
prison in central Afghanistan on Monday
after the Taliban carried out a
coordinated attack six militants dressed
as police stormed the gods new prison
while a suicide bomber blew a hole
through the wall four guards were killed
and seven others wounding a large number
of prisoners had been charged with
threatening national security officials
said 20 of the most dangerous inmates
were moved to another facility the day
before fears of Russian aggression have
prompted volunteers in Estonia to join a
part-time militia the Estonian Defence
League has grown by 10 percent to almost
16,000 soldiers since Russia annexed the
Crimean Peninsula last year it's drawn
laborers and office workers alike to the
weekly trainings Estonia plans to
provide more shooting ranges for the
militia and double membership over the
next seven years one of the worst
droughts in California's history has
left many residents coping with water
shortages around 1,300 wells have dried
up in parts of the state's Central
Valley most people can't afford to dig
deeper to reach the receding groundwater
so residents in one town have banded
together to create a makeshift system
that allows neighbors to share water
some families have received large tanks
as part of the government's 3.7 billion
dollar drought relief programs
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
difficult to imagine the recent past
without mobile phones without the
internet and to buy a CD to hear your
favorite music but our brand new world
of technology is radically altering the
way we shop do business and live our
lives
sorry Silicon Valley entrepreneurs
delivering a utopian future and is that
future designed with your best interest
in mind this is the business
