this week on the business of life we
travel to San Francisco to investigate
the economics of Silicon Valley it's
difficult to imagine the recent past
with that mobile phone so that the
internet it to buy a CD to hear your
favorite music but our brave new world
of technology is radically altering the
way we shop do business and live our
lives so r oscilla conv alley
entrepreneurs delivering a utopian
future is that future designed with your
best interests in mind everything you
need to know about the startup economy
broken down through facts and figures by
the smartest people in the room whatsapp
when it was purchased by Facebook for 19
billion dollars I think they had 50
employees that's the power software
right you can create huge huge companies
that have huge impact with dozens of
people this is the business of life
