I almost wanted to call this piece
everything is terrible because I just
walked away being like god damn it this
is this drought isn't saying and it's
projected that these are going to be
more frequent and more intense hey I'm
Neelu Tabrizi I'm a journalist here at
vice news we're going to chat about my
piece on the drought it's called race to
the bottom so Michael do you have any
questions for us I have lots of
questions but I even better than me
asking questions I've got some people on
the internet who we're gonna ask you
questions call so let's I hate to Eileen
who's calling us on skype from Iowa
somewhere in Iowa right Eileen your
balls yes great please okay hey Eileen
how's it going it's good have it for you
pretty good pretty good how can i solve
all of your drought problems haha well
we're actually getting some rain down
here at Iowa but um we obviously hear
about the array of problems um better
causing Californians droughts um and I
just want to ask in your opinion why is
the why is the general public hearing
about this now um and kind of when it's
to the point where it's unsustainable to
come back from yeah that's a very good
question i mean i think what i think is
probably the answer is that people don't
really care unless it's happening to
them it's really really hard to care
about something that's going on in a
state even though it's a state that
maybe provides a ton of the food for the
rest of the country it's really hard to
start carrying until it gets to that
breaking point so that's probably why
we're hearing a lot about it now and
we've heard a lot about it in the past
six months really really ramped up um
out of like what do you think are the
top three reasons why why the drought is
happening yeah yeah i mean the biggest
one is just lack of rainfall right so
the the main sources of of water for
California are snow packs and water from
rivers lakes and streams so if you're
not getting that snow you're not getting
that rainfall there's little to no water
that people are getting from surface
water sources and so that leaves farmers
figuring out what
they're going to do because there are
the people that use or the industry that
uses the most water in the state because
you need a lot of water to grow food so
you're kind of stuck in the situation
where you have to make do with what you
can or use an alternate source of water
thank you that gives a really good
overview for people out of state kind of
tuning in um so in regards to lose it or
use a policy that you said in your video
um would you think it's pop plausible at
this time to create a program to donate
the unused water back to the public yeah
I mean anything that is that has to do
with changing the water right system in
California is just really really tough
to do these rules have been set over a
hundred years ago and there's a very
very strong agricultural lobby in the
state there's a lot of interest to keep
the system the way it is even though it
might not be the best fit for the
drought so yes I think there's a way
that we can change it but there's got to
be a political will there's the people
are going to have to sacrifice having it
good for so many years to ensure that we
have enough water for the future so the
change is going to be really really hard
I mean California passed its first
groundwater law a year ago so that's you
know taking water from beneath the
surface beneath the earth's surface and
that law it was met with a lot of you
know a lot of tension people from both
politicians from both sides of the aisle
really didn't want a groundwater law to
be passed at all and so it was finally
passed but it's some people say it's
kind of toothless because it doesn't
really regulate ground water until 2040
so you can see how how tough it was just
to change that one part of water use in
California when it comes to agriculture
so we can change it it's just going to
be really really tough do you think
there'll be um do you think it can be
like a collaboration of the public and
the agriculture agriculture groups or
will it be more of a fight more of a
collide on getting maybe like a donation
of the water getting them to finally um
not use so much water I think there's
it's always going to be tense I mean
water wars in California I mean people
have been fighting for water since
people have come to the state so I think
it's always going to be a tense battle
because this is a resource that we need
for everything and so
yeah I think that they're there
definitely needs to be cooperation but
is it going to be easy probably not all
right um so something from Iowa I just
want to ask um how can other states help
California in its situation if you think
they can um and also maybe how can they
take from this hardship can they use it
an example can they really learn from it
um is it just kind of are we already
experienced these problems yeah i think
the an interesting take away we can look
at with california is to maybe take away
some lessons of some of the mistakes
that the state has made and is now
trying to rectify i mean all the
problems with water in california
existed before the drought and during
the drought is just kind of like taking
the sheet off of it and put it really
just right center in the in the in the
public eye so i think the biggest thing
that we can take from California is that
groundwater management needs to happen
immediately and it can't just be let's
just have a law that in 2040 by that
time that's what we need to start
monitoring how much water we're taking
from the ground and restricting it
that's something we need to do right
away and we can see that because
California is you know has among the
highest rate of groundwater depletion in
the world that arguably it's been
happening because there's little to no
regulations so let's learn from that for
other states that might have to go down
the same road yeah that's that's pretty
good for me at this possum well thanks
so much for asking your questions I
really appreciate it yeah thank you you
look very cool yeah hey hey Eileen
thanks for coming on the show so nearly
we got a couple more people who want to
ask you questions and let's talk to Matt
who's actually in California what's Matt
you there hey I'm Matt I'm from
California um yeah hey how you doing
today I'm good how are you good good
just trying to you know take a shower
but I can't cuz there's no water shut up
yeah yeah so so what are you doing
California I'm a pistachio farmer my
family were pistachio growers I'm near
the central valley kind of near
Bakersfield so the drought has affected
our family business and it's been in our
family for just under 30 years pistachio
trees last you know very long
I'm so it'll be around for a while
definitely through this drought just
gotta power through it and from my
experience you know in the field I have
a few questions after you visited some
fields do you think that there are truly
some crops that use a lot more you know
ground water well water any kind of
water or do you think that you know
everyone in the whole agriculture
industry should be held equally
responsible I think everyone should be
held responsible because it's a
community thing right I think we're not
really going to get anywhere if we blame
one crop over another or one area of the
state over another I think that the I
think the industry needs to band
together but that's a really tough thing
to do right um yeah so do you think that
certain types of high water usage crops
should be banned from the area in
California which is most severely
affected by the drought do you think
that's fair or do you think that you
know everyone in a certain area should
be metered by the state of California to
you know only allocate a certain amount
of water yeah I think that you know what
might be a good answer for that is to
start really monitoring today how much
ground water people are using is that's
something that's not done I think as
soon as we start really monitoring and
seeing how much water is used that might
be a good first step but outright going
and banning one kind of crop I don't
think it's going to really solve the
problem what do you think about the
concept of paying for water to be
delivered you know let's say to your
farm and stored in silos or giant
reservoirs you know if like the aquifers
run out as you know we've seen they're
just drilling away yeah I think that
paying for water and storing it I think
that just is going to mean that only
people are farms with a lot of money are
going to survive it's going to push out
a lot of the small farmers which is
going to be pretty unfortunate did you
visit any farms that had meters on their
water pumps um I don't think we did is
that something that your family does
with your pistachio farms no but it's uh
something
going on in certain areas of the Central
Valley and certain areas are not being
metered and that's the current situation
right now that is a little bit difficult
for some areas that are metered and some
that aren't and are not and so I was
just wondering if that was um something
that you noticed but maybe in the area
that you wear that you visited it was
not a metered yet because it it you know
it could have had the senior water right
people uh yeah no I don't don't think we
bleeped we visited any meat at farms
awesome alright well thanks for
answering my questions cool thanks man
thanks for coming on thank you all right
Matt thanks a lot man so Neelu as you
can probably guess we are got some more
people on the internet who want to talk
to you and let's talk to Eric he's on
skype and I think he's in Madison
Wisconsin yep that's me um uh hi Neil oh
hey Eric how's it going good um so I um
have been writing about the drought for
400 a few months for slate and I also
did it a trip out there last year and
didn't get to spend as much time as as I
wanted to but it seems like um we sort
of came to similar conclusions that it's
just like daunting I mean to drive to I
grew up in Kansas and driving through
the central valley was agriculture
unlike anything I've ever seen it was
just so mind-blowing where you have
these giant dairy farms right next to
vineyards and I mean everyone wants to
think that that Oh California wine is so
like you know beautiful vineyards up on
the hill and everything it's just like
mass produced in the middle of a feedlot
basically it was crazy to me to see that
but I don't know if you did you have any
like really striking image that that
that you brought away from your trip
yeah I mean the only times that I've
ever visited California have been on the
coast so actually being able to go
inland and being in the valleys you
would just drive up and just be
overwhelmed with all the different
agriculture you'd see orchards and
everything and to me what was the most
striking was seeing the all the baby
orchards being planted and I couldn't
help but just have like star wars empire
stray
stacked theme song like march of the
stormtroopers just in my head as I saw
all those tiny tiny trees being grown at
the height of the drought but yes that
was really interesting for me to see ya
in one thing that I think is super
important to remember is that the more
trees that are planted the more this
extreme water use gets locked in for
years and years to come so it's not just
like a rice field or or or cotton or
something like that that can just be
shut down if there's an extreme job like
they have to just basically cut these
trees down if they don't if they run out
of water for them or or that that
investment is losses so in your
conversation with the farmers did you
talk about the future at all I mean like
five to ten years down the road are they
thinking that far out or because the the
longer term climate projections are
truly terrifying I mean this is like
permanent drought for decades um yeah
and I know that this is a particularly
strong drought this the last few years
but it seems like this is just kind of
like a preview of the future I know I
almost wanted to call this piece
everything is terrible because I just
walked away being like god damn it this
is this drought isn't saying and it's
projected that you know these are going
to be more frequent and more intense but
you have farmers that I spoke to mean
the thing that struck me the most is
that the eternal optimism that they have
like farmers have to be eternal optimist
right they have to believe that it's
going to rain and so people that I talk
to five ten years down the line when I
asked them what do you think their
business is going to be like every 10
adamant like we're going to be here the
future of California farming is going to
be here and we're going to make it and
this is just a dry spell so I think I
don't know I mean it just seems like
they have to believe that because it is
so so difficult right now not to say
that farmers think that this is a normal
you know weather pattern and everyone
thinks this way but everyone that I
spoke to was really just unfailingly
optimistic they didn't have any plans
for less water use they just said that
we're going to make it through and we're
going to be there it just seems like
there's such a sharp disconnect between
what the science is saying and how do
they talk about
it change at all or I mean because I
know that is a really conservative part
of the state and you did a great job
highlighting how I just got this thing
on Twitter words they said be sure to to
emphasize that the drought is a real
bitch bastard so it's like this is
something that is just slapping people
in the face and like you said it's just
the people with money come out on top
and and I don't know if there's any way
to break that cycle but it's just I mean
it feels like the people that are
benefiting now will continue to benefit
in the even more pronounced way as the
job gets worse totally yeah I mean there
is a really sharp disconnect with what
you know Jay Famiglietti the NASA Jet
Propulsion Laboratory scientists was
saying and what other farmers that we
were speaking to were saying farmers
were saying that this is just a dry
period and we're going to move past it
Jay was like everything is terrible and
we need to conserve water immediately
yeah so there is that disconnect but
people definitely are feeling the
affects of the drought and what's really
interesting is that the techniques to
save water you know different kinds of
irrigation that are more specialized
that's really expensive you know it
costs a lot to be more efficient so the
people that are going to come out on top
are people that can afford to be more
efficient yeah and those are those are
those are the people that are torpedoing
the whole system you know I with like
their contributions to politics and I I
don't know it just doesn't seem fair I
mean I don't know yeah everyone wins
except nobody so yeah super fun great
well if it yeah thank you for this story
is super important thank you awesome
thank you yeah and thank you very much
for coming on uh my friend Eric that was
very nice of you michael haney Lou I
have a surprise for you oh this ain't
gonna be interesting I think just
running on the theme that everything is
terrible I think it'd be really great to
cut to clip number four were I've been
talking about Jay Famiglietti or NASA
JPL scientists that we talked to be
really cool to hear from him and what
he's been saying that sounds great why
don't we show you that clip them do you
have any kind of idea of how much
depletion we've seen and how much ground
water we have left in the state we've
been over the last four years using five
and a half trillion gallons of ground
water per year there's all
kinds of issues that suggest that we are
past sustainability tipping points how
drastic of a change you have to make to
get back there or try wait we're not
coming back I don't think to
sustainability meaning we only use what
the amount that's being replenished so I
think our best bet is to figure out how
to slow the rate of depletion that
sounds depressing it is depressing well
now that I've depressed you that was a
clip from Jay Famiglietti and yeah I
mean he's really adamant that we have to
conserve what we have left and I think
that the reason why we're in the place
that we are is that groundwater
exploration is very new and that's
something that Jays been pioneering at
NASA so yeah alright so hey um you know
yesterday I talked to someone on the
internet name was David Cox he is a math
teacher and he lives in Porterville
California which is one of the most
affected places by the drought send us a
couple of questions for you be a direct
message so I want you to take a look at
these and two things you wanted to know
are their crops that should be grown in
California because the conditions are
best for those crops in California and
two are there some crops that could be
grown elsewhere because there aren't the
same water problems in other places what
do you think about that yeah these are
great questions so I'll start with
number one partly to prove that I'm not
an almond hater which is the entire
Internet has been saying that I hate
almonds but almonds are actually really
well-suited to grow in California
because California is a Mediterranean
climate and that's where almonds have
been grown traditionally and just the
issue that some critics have been having
with almonds being grown in California
is just the the outright explosion of
almond orchards in the state they've
doubled their acreage in the past ten
years and so when that's happening
during the drought that that's kind of
problematic with the water intensive
crop so number two where you know what
crops can we grow elsewhere dairy can be
grown mostly anywhere so it would be
great to see that maybe move out of
california see what that does for the
drought the problem is I mean dairy is a
you know
it's Garner's a lot of money for the
farming industry so be tough to move
that economy out of the state yeah you
know that's that's very true I David I
hope that answers your questions thanks
for sending those to us and Neelu how do
you feel about talking some more people
in skype I would love nothing more all
right then that's a good thing we've got
Roberto here for you let's say to
Roberto heriberto I knew how are you I'm
excellent how are you I'm great I'm in
North Carolina so it's pretty hot humid
and it rained like crazy yesterday so I
know that you guys sell the the people
of California could use its kind of rain
and I actually have friends and family
in California friends in the Central
Valley and they were telling me about
how difficult has been for them now on
that note my question for you is that
what impact do you think the drought has
on vulnerable communities like the
Latino farm workers with this drought
yeah i mean overall the job number job
lost numbers that that we've seen in
california haven't been as low as it's
been projected during this drought
because of just how much ground water is
being used by the AG industry so they're
using a different source of water and
being able to no just completely not
ruin all of the jobs in the industry but
having said that i talked to a farmer
outside of los bonos and he was telling
me he's had farmers that that have
worked her farm workers who have worked
for him for decades and he has to lay
them off because he's following his
fields maybe he doesn't have the option
to lean on groundwater like other farms
do so yeah on the micro level absolutely
people are being impacted now on the
climb inside the one of the things
that's really interesting about climate
change that is actually visible its
extreme events like rainfall and
droughts and heat waves and you
mentioned climate change at the end of
your piece and I want to know what is it
about climate change that is going to
make the droughts wars why is it going
to make the droughts wars in the future
so I'm not the best person to answer
this question the best person is rob
eshman he is our environment editor so
you can just send up a barrage of tweets
at Robert S a Schulman but just kind of
the light answer is that our climate is
changing the amount of rainfall and
snowfall that we're getting is you know
not going to be is not going to be the
same water isn't going to be this
amazing abundant resource from surface
water that we've seen you know for for
hundreds of years past so this is going
to be our new normal so droughts like
this are projected to you know continue
to happen in to get worse but to get to
the nitty-gritty Rob is definitely a
your man great great that's good to know
i'll definitely send them a few tweaks
now on that note there are certain
things in the natural variability of the
climate that to tend to quench the
thirst of places like california and one
of those is El Nino and this year we're
supposed to get a pretty powerful El
Nino at least at some of the projections
and what do you think the what do you
think the copious amount of rain that
might occur will due to the drought will
it make a significant dent in the
drought or will it just not be enough at
all well I just I just read a figure
that NASA predicts that will need about
11 trillion gallons of water to end the
drought so if it rains that much
everything I guess is going to be great
maybe but no it'd be great to have water
to replenish our surface water to have
you know enough water back in our rivers
lakes and streams but it's not going to
solve the problem of all the groundwater
that were depleting you know this takes
millions of years for these aquifers to
build up these water sources for us to
use so that you know the ground ground
water is not going to it's a finite
resource unfortunately so a lot of rain
would be great but I don't think it will
solve all of California's problems Oh
nuts oh well well here's to hoping that
it's a really really big El Nino and
then hits California I know that is the
water a part of it 11 trillion gallons
of water please that would be awesome
yeah and just just hopefully not too
many really detrimental impacts like
landslides but
you know the water part would certainly
help well thank you for answering my
questions and you really great job with
the documentary thank you thanks for
watching all right so Neelu we're almost
at the end of the show but we got this
one tweet that I want you to take a look
at from century 360 and he has been here
he or she has been hearing a lot about
Nestle's bottling plant in California
and wondering is that really a
significant problem or you know why did
you decide to focus on agricultural uses
of water as opposed to like looking at
nestle well yeah I've been seeing a lot
of that as well Nestle's bottling plants
in California and as well in Canada
where I'm from there's a lot of you know
internet petitions and stuff like that
but the water use of agriculture
absolutely Dwarfs Nestle's bottling
plant so that's maybe why it's not
getting enough attention so I think it'd
be really cool if we just could throw to
our first clip where you can see exactly
what it looks like from above when
farmers are using flood irrigation to
flood their fields it's a method that's
used in almost half the farms in
California
so we're flying over this big irrigation
canal drainage canal so yeah we're
directly over those fields right there
and that's that's all that's all flooded
yeah so to the right of us you can see
the reflection that's all rice fields
that are flooded almost all the rice in
California that's grown has grown with
flood irrigation we're really talking
you know 19th 20th century technology
here this is what California looks like
at the height of the drought acres and
acres of flooded fields
so yeah that's that's one of the one of
the main methods of irrigation that
we're seeing in California so it's a lot
of water that's a lot of water indeed so
you know I think that brings us to the
end of our show um if you guys want to
keep the conversation going you can find
us on Twitter but Neela once you say
goodbye to the people at home yes thank
you so much for watching if you guys
have any further questions about the
drought about any of your feelings you
can tweet me at and to breezy or at vice
news as climate change is projected to
make california's periodic droughts more
frequent and intense water issues will
keep plaguing the state and between an
outdated water system built over a
hundred years ago and controversial new
groundwater legislation that doesn't go
into effect for another 25 years things
seem likely to get worse
you
