it's Thursday September 10 and here's
some news beyond the headlines two
Pakistani journalists have been killed
in separate attacks gunmen opened fire
on a satellite truck for the private
network GOTV killing a senior technician
inside in a second incident armed men
shot dead a reporter as he left his home
on Wednesday morning Pakistan is one of
the world's most dangerous countries for
journalists with 14 recorded murders in
2014 Myanmar's president has met with
rebel peace negotiators for the first
time in a bid to end decades of civil
war the coalition of five ethnic
minorities urged the government to make
more concessions in the Constitution as
part of the deal two years of talks had
produced a draft ceasefire but mistrust
remains on both sides observers say
president then Sen is eager to cement
his legacy as a peacemaker ahead of
November elections protesters in London
are carrying out a week of action
against the world's largest weapons fare
demonstrators unfurled banners to block
delivery trucks at the defense security
and equipment international exhibition
the arms trade convention showcases the
biggest land sea and air defense weapon
systems it's been criticized for
allowing delegates to attend from
countries with poor human rights records
two of Germany's leading newspapers have
published messages in Arabic - welcome
newly arrived migrants the papers
include a map showing where to find
refugee housing and services they also
detailed German regulations for asylum
seekers Germany is expected to take in
800,000 migrants this year which is four
times as many as last year
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Teletubby salmon I will tell her to be
Sam and Danny let's go do some foreign
gratefulness all kaliesha with more
Judean Abra Saddam himself
