it's Wednesday September 9 and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
powerful sand storm has swept across the
Middle East leaving at least eight
people dead in Lebanon hundreds of
others have been hospitalized with
shortness of breath the poor visibility
led to a rare break in fighting in Syria
the dust is expected to linger in the
area until Thursday Chinese authorities
mark the 50th anniversary of Tibet as an
autonomous region Tuesday but the
celebration primarily served as an
opportunity for China to reinforce its
hold over the Himalayan nation and to
condemn the exile Dalai Lama was used
his international stature to call for
greater Tibetan autonomy China has ruled
tibet with an iron fist since the 1950s
a new taxi company in Cairo is offering
women a way to get around town free from
sexual harassment it's a welcome service
in a country where almost every woman
has experienced some form of sexual
harassment and violence according to a
United Nations study pink taxi will hire
only female drivers and its passengers
will be required to submit a scanned
copy of their ID before booking a ride
Venezuela shot dead two suspected
Colombian paramilitary soldiers and sent
three thousand troops to its border with
Colombia as a dispute between the two
nations continue to heat up Colombia's
president says his country won't be
provoked no no dejemos provoke our last
month president Nicolas Maduro said he
was shutting down crossings to tackle
smugglers and gangs operating along the
border and he began to porting thousands
of Colombian born residents from
Venezuela check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world we rather die than stay here
we're like dead people here
vodka and some were made for the games
and Ernie you are Yoruba he had an early
termination Adam Adam children or two
