it's Monday September 7 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Saudi
coalition airstrikes struck a major
rebel target in the yemeni capital on
Sunday they hit a building of the
special security forces who are former
government loyalists allied with the
iran-backed a fees it comes a day after
dozens of arab military coalition
members were killed in an attack by
healthy militias
tens of thousands of moldova new
residents staged a protest in the
capital over alleged government fraud
nearly a billion dollars disappeared
from three banks shortly before last
year's parliamentary elections that
drove the national currency down
triggered a surgeon inflation and
lowered living standards the
demonstrators are calling for the
president's resignation and for new
elections Thailand's military junta has
lengthened its reign by at least seven
months after its hand-picked reform
council rejected a new constitution
they'll now appoint another body to
begin drafting a charter a process that
secures their power well into next year
senior military officers staged a coup
in May 2014 neff since then only made
loose commitments to restore democracy
bolivian textile factories are
struggling to compete with cheap used
clothing imported from abroad the
second-hand market generates about a
hundred fifty million dollars a year and
creates up to 300,000 jobs some of the
top textile companies have lost money
intercutting manpower and hundreds of
workers have left the country for Brazil
or Argentina in search of better jobs
check out the vices youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world me
personally I official cheaters lot of my
family shrimp all of that got affected
it's a third of what it used to be maybe
when I was a kid there was you had to
worry about alligators now we got to
worry about sharks
