it's Friday September 4th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
schools are closed in Ukraine's capital
as the city deals with a record-breaking
heat wave and dangerous smog the
scorching temperatures combined with
smoke from nearby fires has caused air
pollution that's up to 18 times higher
than average this past Tuesday it was
the city's hottest day on record a
former dean of the University of Hawaii
is giving hundreds of displaced Azizi
children English lessons and a safe
haven these children live in houses
without doors windows floors without
proper food without education without
medical supplies without even clothing
usually so we've come here to help a
little bit with the great needs that we
find here
thousands from the minority ethnic group
are driven from their homes when Islamic
state militants stormed their
communities in the Sinjar mountains a
year ago the group executed or abducted
thousands of men and boys and captured
thousands of women and children riot
police were deployed to a World Cup
qualifying match between China and Hong
Kong on Thursday authorities conducted
days of drills in the southern city of
Shenzhen over fears that lingering
tensions from last year's anti Beijing
protests would resurface police issued a
warning that unruly fans could face
fines or arrest but the scoreless match
ended peacefully
school buses across America may look the
same this fall but what's fueling a
growing number of them is different many
have been retrofitted to run cleaner on
propane compressed natural gas and even
electricity and the three largest
manufacturers now all offer eco-friendly
options
despite budget constraints experts say
the cost savings and available
government grants will learn others to
make the change
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world to
shoot digital I think it's I think it's
a blessing because our community gets a
chance at seeing people that are from
places all over the country that maybe
can't come to Hollywood and do it the
traditional way and I do think quality
comes out of of that everybody I think
starts off DIY I mean you read about
Kubrick one of my heroes he basically
said if you want to learn how to make a
film you have to do it yourself
