the sound science has been done when it
comes to climate change and those that
aren't adhering to the the sound science
are doing it for reasons like ideology
or you dismiss the science for whatever
foolish reason you know you come up with
i mean the they say is just crazy
hey i'm robert ashwin environment editor
at vice news and i'm joining on the line
today to take your questions about
climate change and in the environment so
who's up first Michael I Robert thanks
for coming on we have Matt who's calling
us from royal oak michigan i believe is
that right Matt yeah that's right hey
what's up Matt I am good are you doing
Robert good good oh okay so I had a
couple questions really about the
political nature of climate change gets
a huge topic right now so my first
question is sort of a recent event of
Obama traveling to Alaska to study the
climate change to bring awareness so I
was wondering what if anything do you
think will happen after this trip comes
back in terms of policy changes any sort
of a lightning view like a politician
said this is not a scientist maybe we
should listen to him like something like
that do you think of anything like that
will happen after Obama returns well it
remains to be seen you know obama obama
went up there and on day one attended a
conference of foreign ministers from
arctic countries and sort of said the
same thing that he's that he and others
who are demanding action on climate
change have said all along which is like
time is running out we've got to cut
greenhouse gas emissions and we've got
to do it at the end of this year at the
UN climate talks in Paris he then went
on to look at some of the impacts of
climate change some melting glaciers he
went and looked at some indigenous
communities along the coast that have
been impacted by climate change but
really this is like him doing what he
has done previously which is being a
champion for climate change but the the
significant thing that happened with his
trip I think was that environmentalists
pointed out a significant contradiction
in
his policies on one hand he's been a
champion on climate change he's been
urging international action he's used
his executive authority in the united
states to impose rules that cut
greenhouse gas emissions from power
plants from automobiles but he also
green lighted oil drilling in the Arctic
he green-lighted shale drilling for oil
off the coast of Alaska and so
environmentalists really used and I
think very successfully used Obama's
trip up to the Arctic to point out this
contradiction and I think in some ways
Obama's trip backfired a little bit he
went up there expecting to be sort of
you know capture the headlines about
being a champion for climate change but
really you know environmentalist pushed
the issue of his his contradictory
contradictory policies on on energy
development so we'll see what we'll see
what the fallout is of that I do you
think that this sort of going to Alaska
concept is more of a I guess seeing
seeing is believing thing with other
politicians who haven't gone um you know
I think that this the lines are pretty
clearly drawn among America's political
class you know you have Obama many
Democrats some Republicans although not
many saying that yeah we need to like
produce more renewable energy we need to
cut greenhouse gas emissions but I don't
think Obama is necessarily going to
convince any elected official in the
united states that somehow that that was
against action to address climate change
I don't think they're going to like turn
the corner because of obama's trip but i
do think it highlighted you know the
issue of climate change and how it's
impacting the US now it's not some
abstract thing that's going to happen in
the future it's happening now in terms
of glacier melt rising temperatures
wildfires community coastal communities
being impacted and so I think you know
it elevates the issue but what that what
that mean how that translates into
policy changes it's not it's not clear
to me that that that it's going to do
much all right and then last question is
when you talk about these policy changes
what do you believe the relationship
between scientists and politicians
should be when talking about
change because we see that some
politicians I know scientists are wrong
but not really using a lot to back it up
but should they be so intertwined in
politics that you don't know who you're
actually voting for if you're voting for
a politician or a scientist that backs
that politician so what do you take the
relationship which should be well I I
think it there is very particular things
about the relationship between climate
scientists and politicians which is that
the science community is the there's
consensus on the fundamentals of climate
change that human generated emissions
are warming the planet and unless we cut
those emissions you know significantly
by mid-century we're going to see a
level of global temperature rise that
really doesn't sustain that really
impacts human societies significantly
with sea level rise with you know
increased precipitation in some areas
increased more frequent more severe
droughts and others more frequent
extreme weather events and so that
science is is is well-founded it's
established and some politic many
politicians adhere to what scientists
are recommending but many of them don't
they just dismiss the the science out of
hand and I don't think that I don't see
that changing you know science
scientists advise politicians I want to
advocate for a rule of experts obviously
i don't i don't know that if that's what
you're getting at but i don't think we
want scientists setting policy but i
think we want policy and you know laws
in the united states based upon sound
science and the sound science has been
done when it comes to climate change and
those that aren't adhering to the the
sound science are doing it for reasons
like ideology they don't want government
intervention in the marketplace they
don't want laws that restrict what power
plants can admit into the air it's a
it's a philosophical choice for them to
adhere to science that says you have to
intervene in the market place to address
environmental pollution or you dismiss
the science for whatever foolish reason
you know you come up with i mean the
 they say is just
crazy you know it's like you know they
and I don't see that changing if like
there's more reports I mean the reports
that are coming out or more severe
they're narrowing in on some details
about how climate change is impacting
the atmosphere and oceans but you know I
think these scientific studies are going
to going to continue to come out they're
going to continue to clarify what's
going on and the politicians that aren't
listening to those scientists are going
to continue to ignore the science all
right all right thank you thank you very
much i agree questions thanks yeah all
right thanks Matt today Robert we're
getting some tweets and I want to take a
look at this one that we got from Alex
Alex wants to know how you think the oil
and gas industry are going to play a
role in the climate change debate what
role do you think they will play I think
they're gonna play the exact same role
that they've continued to play which is
to obstruct any sort of action
internationally or domestically on
curbing emissions Michelle I mean
despite the fact that the science is
pretty clear that whatever fossil fuel
reserves are in the ground and I've been
identified for by fossil fuel companies
those those reserves need to stand in
the ground they cannot be developed they
cannot be burnt unless you really want
to set off a kind of catastrophic level
of global warming and so you know you
have shale oil right now drilling for
doing exploratory drilling in the Arctic
Ocean looking for more oil and natural
gas deposits and there's a lot of it up
there but their interest is to generate
profits for their investors and for
their shareholders and you know perhaps
there's going to be some fossil fuel
corporations that are a bit more forward
looking and transition make some sort of
transition from developing oil and
natural gas deposits and you know
developing more wind and solar and
renewable energy sources but I don't see
that I don't see them doing that on
their own I see them doing that when
they're forced to by societies
and governments that restrict where and
what they they do cool well I hope that
answers your question Alex and you know
speaking of the oceans which about it a
little bit I know Heidi who's calling us
on skype has a couple questions about
the oceans so let's say it I cool hey
Heidi hi Robert thanks so much for being
here so I hear a lot about the rising of
sea levels the warming of surface
temperatures and also recently I've
heard about carbon dioxide levels
increasing which is altering the oceans
bacteria go to the food chain um can you
elaborate have been on that and how this
is truly affecting the health of our
oceans yeah no I mean I think you you
nailed it it's the the the oceans are
getting hotter they're absorbing the
majority of the excess heat that's being
trapped in the atmosphere it's going
it's the excess heat is being trapped in
the atmosphere because of all these
greenhouse gases and a lot of it is
going into the oceans and that does two
things it's it warms the oceans and it
makes them more acidic and with warming
oceans you see the breakdown of the
fundamental the very base of the food
chain you see species migrating to
different parts of the oceans you see
species dying out I mean they're the one
thing that really sums up a lot of
what's going on with climate change was
there were researchers this spring that
found polar bears eating dolphins in
Norway and those dolphins you know they
they have their their habitat is that is
isn't is pretty far north but in the
spring and I'm sorry in the summer and
so these dolphins are farther north
because of warming ocean temperatures
and there are now in habitats where
they're cohabitating with bear with
polar bears and so you see that's
warming oceans are shifting around what
species reside where and during what
times of the year but then you know as
oceans become more acidic you know you
see thing you see like the great barrier
reef coral reefs in the Caribbean being
affected and they are also really
crucial to ocean ecosystems in terms of
like habitat just places where fish and
other little ocean critters reside but
also how the food chain operates and
with warming ocean
you know going back to the Arctic the
summer sea ice extent and the winter sea
ice extent for that matter has been
shrinking consistently year after year
and what that means is you know or that
affects weather patterns you know
throughout the world all over the globe
and so the oceans are you know
integrated like fully integrated into
the Earth's climate system and they're
being impacted by the way you know we're
 up the atmosphere well so with
the world's current state how how
rapidly are things becoming severe and
like the damage basically reversible you
know species dying off and that like
what you're saying the food chain I'm
being disrupted like how how long do we
have until things are irreversible well
it there's already irreversible changes
i mean this spring a us-based scientists
every every year US government
scientists issue this their state of the
climate report and this year it focused
very heavily on the state of the oceans
and they say that many of the changes
that we've seen or irreversible and
we're going to get mud and changes are
going to become much more widespread and
much deeper unless there's a significant
reduction in the amount of pollution
that humans are putting into the
atmosphere so you know it when is it a
reversible well that was you know
according these US scientists several
months ago well okay so my third and
final question is about not about the
ocean actually is about El Nino I'm
hearing this year it's gonna be globally
like the worst we've had in 18 years so
can you speak a little bit about that
and and your knowledge about El Nino
yeah well El Nino is in fact related to
the oceans because it is a naturally
occurring just for the benefit of those
that don't know about el nino el ninos a
naturally occurring phenomenon where
ocean temperatures become abnormally
warm in the eastern Pacific and this
generally happens it's part of the
natural climate system it happens every
two to seven years now some scientists
say that you put El Nino you graphed El
Nino on top of already hot ocean
temperatures and it spikes the intensity
and so what that what that means is in
places along the east coast I'm sorry
the west coast of the United States
there'll be more intense rainfall which
would be great for California
potentially because it's it's had the
significant drought but El Nino also
causes the very hot dry conditions in
places like Indonesia Australia and the
Philippines and those places you know
Australia has been hit by extremely high
temperatures the last several years has
had really a very intense wildfire
seasons Indonesia of course has like
wildfires going on all the time because
they're making they're burning they're
slashing and burning rainforest to make
way for palm oil plantations and pulp
and paper plantations and so those all
of those conditions become exacerbated
by El Nino which is exacerbated
potentially it's the jury's still out
but some scientists think that El Nino
is becoming more intense perhaps more
frequent because of climate change but
those were those are great questions
thank you well thank you so much yeah
you bet yeah thanks I do you for coming
on so Robert we're getting a bunch more
tweets and we saw two tweets actually on
the same topic Curtis wants to know what
would you say to those people who claim
that the temperature increases are part
of the Earth's natural cycle and Marcus
echoed that sentiment asking how much
merit does that argument carrie really
it has that much merit it's I would say
it's complete the the science
has been sound there is little if any
disagreement among the science community
on the fact that human generated
greenhouse gases are causing the planet
to warm the role of natural of course
there is natural variability in the
Earth's climate but the that variability
that that fluctuation fluctuations sorry
temperature should be going down a bit
and so it's really very very clear
unequivocally unequivocally clear that
human beings are driving temperatures to
rise you know in the atmosphere in the
oceans it's just not natural climate
variability is not
you know at play here Nora's volcanoes
and whereas sunspots nor does any of
that it's human beings increasing
atmospheric temperatures which are being
absorbed by the ocean and it's
it all up so alien intervention is
completely out as well there's no alien
interval well now you're talking about
something completely different but let's
get it back let's get a vector climate
and I'm gonna let Matt do that this is
Matthew actually I would say to Matthew
in Brooklyn hey Matthew in Brooklyn hey
good afternoon Robert nice to be here
nice to have you here or in your via
video you're in your kitchen I guess
yeah so in recent years China has been
largely criticized by the global
community for its lack of regulation of
carpet munitions and water pollution in
relation to these can you speak to the
role that China plays in combating
carbon emissions on a global scale um
that's a great question and in an
extremely important one China is the
right now the largest contribute annual
contributor to climb to it's got the
highest emissions of any nation in the
world I mean it's a huge country you
know it tops the US so it is making a
significant contribution to global
climate change and so it's very
important that China reduce its
emissions very very quickly if there's
any chance of keeping global temperature
rise below 2 degrees Celsius which
scientists say we must do in order to
avoid kind of catastrophic consequences
now the what I think is important about
your question is China gets particularly
you know particularly with Republicans
in the United States China constantly
gets accused of not doing anything about
climate change when in fact it's doing a
lot of very significant things about
climate change it's pledged to peak its
emissions by 2030 it's unclear like what
that peak will be and what will happen
after the peak but it has its government
has come forward and said we're going to
address climate change we're going to
curb emissions it's shutting down coal
plants it's trying to use cleaner lower
sulfur coal which is
which is basically to address a lot of
the air pollution concerns and cities
like Beijing which have been blanketed
by you know really severe air pollution
but China's doing a lot it's ramping up
a lot of wind and solar energy and so I
think it's its contributions have been
as significant potentially even more
significant than say the United States
and so I think you know there was an
agreement there was a joint agreement
between the US and China recently where
both countries came forward with pledges
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions those
are great they need to be enforced and
they probably need to be increased you
know before the end of the year to
really kind of send a message that the
two largest contributors to global
climate change are really taking it
seriously it's really interesting to see
these steps that Beijing takes around
important summits and meetings in their
capital city they really go all out and
cutting back total emissions yeah I do
have one more question for you though
this is sure the fresh water in China
and so what extent have the rivers and
lakes and china have been affected by
these pollution factors what do you mean
carbon pollution you mean climate change
talking more along the lines of water
pollution yeah well I mean the it's a
China's rivers are you know essential to
commerce to agriculture to human
consumption you know providing drinking
water and China faces very very serious
environmental problems because of the
amount of industry that's ramped up in
the last you know decade or so two
decades and it's been slow to impose
environmental regulations but in the
life in my view the last couple of years
particularly with the severe smog that's
hit its large cities on the west coast I
think it's cause somewhat of a
legitimacy legitimacy crisis for the
government which is like you have a
rising middle class in China saying like
you promised us you know if we worked
hard you know we achieve middle-class
status and then here we are blanketed in
in you know in all this smog in these
cities and it's like a really awful sort
of lifestyle for people and they're
pissed and China has has tried to hide
the information about what its air
quality is how poor its air quality is
and there's been a backlash I mean
there's there's environmental organizing
there's a lot of protests it's it's diff
I would love to send a reporter to China
to really dig into the Chinese
environmental movement it's very
interesting it's a difficult thing to do
but it's it's very vibrant there's been
a lot of backlash about air quality
water quality in China and i think
that's that's that's probably it's
creating some pressure on the central
government to respond oh yeah absolutely
all right Thank You Matthew so Robert
we're just about at the end of the show
but we got this tweet from rahul that i
want to take a look at rel wants to know
is it too late to prevent a climate
catastrophe and and you know if not what
are the odds that we're going to prevent
it or what could we do yeah I mean I you
know not to make it too complicated but
you know there's already a climate
catastrophe for a lot of people you know
this summer you know July was the
hottest month on record you know how
does month ever recorded you know heat
waves earlier this year killed thousands
of people in in India and Pakistan so I
think you know that's catastrophic when
there's that level of human loss because
the temperature rise just today there
was a report listed that the current
pledges to cut greenhouse gases will
likely lead to our insufficient and will
likely lead to three degrees Celsius
temperature rise compared to
pre-industrial age temperatures and that
means several feet of sea level rise
that means you know melting of the ice
caps that means melting glaciers and so
that you know i think is
don't know that anybody would argue that
that's not a catastrophe and so that's
the situation now so you know what are
the odds of preventing it you know
that's that's the important question and
I think that comes down to what how
successful are environmentalists people
concerned about climate change how
successful are they at pressuring
governments to constrain polluters to
constrain the marketplace into force
investment away from fossil fuel burning
and into you know renewable energy
sources all right well yeah so there
might be a little bit of hope for us but
they remembered thanks for coming on and
I bring us some doom and gloom oh that's
my job there you go so with that why you
say goodbye to the folks at home it's
been great thanks for having me on I
look forward to coming back and taking
more questions about the climate in the
environment and check out our coverage
on on vice news
as climate change is projected to make
California's periodic droughts more
frequent and intense water issues will
keep plaguing the state and between an
outdated water system built over a
hundred years ago and controversial new
groundwater legislation that doesn't go
into effect for another 25 years things
seem likely to get worse
