the critical darling at this year's
Sundance Film Festival was a film shot
entirely on an iPhone in 2013 a video
game reached a billion dollars in sales
in three days the fastest a film has
done that 17 days cheaper technology
easier distribution fewer gatekeepers
it's a different business
it's our subject tonight the u.s. film
industry from Hollywood California
this is the business of life
hello I'm Michael Moynihan and welcome
to the business of life coming to you
this week from Hollywood California do
you go to the movie theater with any
measure of frequency here is mostly a
diet of netflix and video on demand or
and be honest on this one do download
films illegally our changing viewing
habits have changed Hollywood but for
better or worse there are still big
movies with bloated budgets but now it's
easier to make films without Hollywood
so barriers to entry or lower there's
more content than ever but is this a
good thing and do we need a Hollywood
well today we're gonna find out and as
always we're gonna break down the issue
using facts figures dollars and cents
and I'm joined by a panel of experts
clamouring to answer the question what
has happened to the US film industry
let's meet them Randall Emmet has
produced over 50 feature films including
lone survivor two guns upcoming Martin
Scorsese movie silence Adam Davidson is
not the Adam Davidson that we've had on
the show there's an NPR item Davidson
and there's this Adam James and West
Coast have never met never met we'll
make that happen Adam David is an actor
an academy award-winning director he's
directed episodes of community about a
boy Friday Night Lights in the upcoming
AMC horror series fear the walking dead
right that's the right time oh and
Matthew Bellamy is the executive editor
of The Hollywood Reporter and before his
career in journalism he practiced
Entertainment Law here in Los Angeles
welcome and let's begin with our first
topic doing it yourself DIY and let's
bring up that first number Shawn Baker's
2015 Sundance hit tangerine was shot in
an iPhone with an $8 app in 160 dollar
lens adapter I'm gonna start by asking
who's a filmmaker or wants to be and
also do you think that Hollywood is
necessary for you at this point I'm
gonna ask you you're trying to direct
your writing what are you doing I'm
writing and directing I'm just finishing
up a 20 minute short film it's an easier
now than it's ever been right I mean
it's would you get into this business if
you thought you had to go through the
traditional channels I think it's still
worth trying to pursue the traditional
channels
there is a lot of opportunity to shoot
it yourself with technology lowering
costs but the real expensive thing about
films there are people costs you know
you're paying your DP you're paying your
actors you're paying you know a crew of
five people for 12 days to shoot a
future at least you know Randall in
journalism when blogs started right
everybody has a Gutenberg press it
levels the playing field we're all
journalists at the shake out of this at
the end of it
the people that had the big blogs were
previously journalists that's it was I
mean it filters out is this an outlier
or people actually making great films
for no mone these days I think it's
great I mean when I started to make a
short we had a shoot on Bullock scissors
or are there any 16s ours we didn't have
it for you guys in the audience of
Bullock's is a camera that has films
right right so we had a you know five
film process at wait two days three days
for her to come back and and that was in
school you know so you have to raise
five six thousand dollars to do a
two-minute short so I think it's amazing
even when I go back to the film school
for my film school in other film schools
to see them shoot digital I think it's I
think it's a blessing because our
community gets a chance at seeing people
that are from places all over the
country that maybe can't come to
Hollywood and do it the traditional way
and I do think quality comes out of of
that do you see people doing this
do you see good stuff I hear this all
the time and I'm a skeptic by Nature but
is anyone who producing great stuff on
10 grand it's hard to produce great
stuff whether it's 10 grand or it's for
159 groups yes so in that sense the
playing field is level because what
comes down for me as a filmmaker always
is trying to tell a story trying to tell
a good story my first short what I did
at Columbia University and they had no
equipment it's one of the reasons why I
chose the University because I thought
if you could learn how to tell a story
with the bare minimum then you can
you're that far ahead because the
technology is always changing long story
short it's a four thousand dollar movie
and it ended up winning the Palme d'Or
and con and winning the Oscar everybody
I think starts off DIY I mean you read
about Kubrick one of my heroes he
basically said if you want to learn how
to make
film you have to do it yourself well
let's look at this next number here four
and five it's a number of films shown at
Sundance last year that ended up with
distribution deals in 2010 only one in
nine films shown at Sundance got
distribution deals that stat is really
indicative of the change in the
distribution landscape over the last
five seven years what you're seeing is a
leveling you know there are lots of
digital distribution distributors now
you know Amazon's Netflix CNN is buying
films you don't just have to wait for
the big Hollywood studio to come in and
say we like that movie let's release it
on two thousand screens there are
different ways there's VOD there are all
sorts of different ways to release films
now and that's why you're seeing more
films getting distribution deals getting
into Sundance is a very difficult thing
there are other festivals is that also
necessary by the way - you should be in
a festival oh yeah I mean I think is it
independent for sure I mean it's the
quickest way at least to get from A to B
and get people to know who you are when
you're an unknown because ultimately
what most starting filmmakers are
looking for is an audience you know you
ask the question is Hollywood going away
is Hollywood necessary it's sort of is
because what pits are going away or it's
sort of message no it's sort of
necessary because you can make a million
films chances are nobody is gonna see
them tangerine that Sundance field that
is the exception to the rule the goal of
these filmmakers is to take a film to
Sundance get noticed get that film scene
and then get that next film if you look
at the director of Jurassic world a
movie that made 1.5 billion dollars his
first movie made for seven hundred and
fifty thousand dollars and it was a big
Sundance movie and based on that he was
hired to direct Jurassic world 15 years
ago at Sundance smaller I mean what are
we looking at for distribution then
facti 50 years ago there was me Romero's
yeah it was fine and yeah I mean if you
didn't get picked up for those four or
five companies there was nowhere else to
go
and like everybody's saying here is that
there's unlimited dude channels iPhone
the VOD VOD has become such a big venue
getting films funded this is one way as
having these traditional players and the
new players and there are other new ways
and let's look at one of them 37 percent
that's how many film projects on
Kickstarter are successfully funded now
any of you people
they're done you don't even be a film
project but something on Kickstarter's
anyone a film project on Kickstarter you
have done a film project I think so so
what was the project uh it was a
documentary I was working on on the
sustainable food movement across the
United States did you get funded we did
get funded yes how much money do you
mind me asking um it was about $10,000
so if I'm interested in this sustainable
food stuff and I see this what what's my
encouragement to give you money well I
think we had an advantage because we
were going off after a very specific
demographic we were going after people
that cared about the environment cared
about agriculture cared about where our
food was going so we targeted there was
people when we were funding the project
Adam I mean it in some way like
everybody wants to be a filmmaker now
they have this opportunity to actually
get funded is Kickstarter a good thing I
wonder if you compare that to the amount
of you know scripts that end up at a
studio how many what the percentage is
that's got to be one gigantic yeah I
mean especially considering the barrier
to entry putting something yeah so low
yeah that's actually pretty high so
that's that's pretty good and
successfully funded I mean that could
mean so many different things cuz each
each filmmaker is asking for a different
amount whether it's $10,000 or Zach Zach
Braff does that graph explain this to me
yeah because I see the Zach Braff thing
I see the Spike Lee thing right these
are two guys that have a lot of money
they go out on Kickstarter and they
raise millions of dollars for films that
they're making in what the hell isn't it
for me if I give some millionaire money
to finance a film is this because the
studio's won't do it because they're
just crappy films if the studio says no
but they're not necessarily crappy films
but they are the type of films that
studios are unwilling to make that don't
fit which are most movies Newsday's yeah
they're not really in the business of
making movies anymore the fundamental
core skill of a Hollywood movie studio
is marketing I think and I want to give
you credit here I think I saw this in in
your magazine a recent blockbuster I
don't know maybe I shouldn't mention it
that would cost 30 million dollars to
make and it was about a hundred and
fifty two hundred million dollar
marketing budget yeah that's not
uncommon globally to release the film
worldwide that's not uncommon is that
the biggest expense making your film
today everything's marketing I mean I
funded 90% of my movies independently
and in the studio we need like you said
for marketing and distribution because
without them who's gonna see our film
but back in the day
you know most of these studios were
named after individuals or groups of
individuals and the filmmaker would go
to that studio boss and say I want to
make a movie and the guy would say yeah
make it why because I like it now you go
pitch a movie and doesn't matter what
the boss says because the marketing team
has to decide whether it's marketable
before anything is written before a
frame is shot this is true because I
mean I thought this was extreme cynicism
and you know people love to hate you
know studio bosses I've talked to people
that but that's actually true
it is by committee it's not it's not
just us marketing it's international
because 60 to 70 percent a box office
now comes from outside the US let's look
at this next number 96 percent that's a
number of theater screens that were
digital in the u.s. in 2014 in 2010 that
number was just 37% people talk about
they missed the sort of were of the
projector and the dust that you can see
in the light is there and something else
about this that I mean it's cheaper to
do much cheaper and this was this has
been a long time coming I mean the the
audience for the most part doesn't
notice or care I am a film geek sort of
say you know like like you and and and
like a lot but at the end of the day you
know I just think unfortunately this
country is we're going to digital and we
can't stop it it's economic there will
always be you know Quentin Tarantino
owns a theater in LA where he shows his
35 millimeter film there will always be
those people that do that and there's
gonna be a market for that but for the
vast majority of movie goers they just
don't care
alright gonna pause now for a brief
break but we'll be back in a moment to
discuss the shifting landscape of the
Hollywood economy here on the business
of life
let's move under our second topic the
end of Hollywood and I'll note there
that there's
question mark but first I'd like to ask
the audience who here would describe
himself as a monthly movie goer sort of
40% anyone go weekly the guy that's
making the film all right well let's
look at this related number in 2014 one
in 10 Americans refer to themselves as
quote monthly movie goers in 2003 that
number was one in three Studios very
much still want you to go to the movie
theater right I mean if a film comes out
in the theater like um Mission
Impossible why not release a video on
demand - because the theaters take 50%
of the cut right watch what you say yeah
just give me a lot of trouble that's
good this is what we want he can - words
theater owners the theatre museum the
theater owners have relationships with
all of these studios and if the studio
started putting these films on VOD the
day that they got into theaters people
would go to theaters less but the
studios would make more money they could
the studio's experimented with this kind
of thing and smaller studios smaller
distributors do they call it day and
date theaters and VOD on the same day
but if you are a big movie studio and
you put a bigger movie on VOD the same
days it's in theaters the theaters won't
show in protest of you essentially
cutting out their bottom line
all right let's build on what you're
saying and bring up that next number 17
days that's how long it took James
Wong's Furious 7 - gross 1 billion
dollars the fastest the film has ever
done so but you'll see here at the
bottom there that Grand Theft Auto 5
took just three days to gross the same
amount did anyone buy grand theft auto 5
I just looked over at you and you were
gamely and up what I want to know is
I've I'll admit to having played this
game before
there is a sort of filmic components to
it there's a story do you follow the
story is that of interest here yeah it's
pretty funny actually it's it's kind of
like watching a movie or like a show or
something in itself because there is
like a script you know or your timeline
and you go on that's a perfect example
and that's what's the big challenge is
for guys like this they're not just
competing with whatever else is
the movie theater that weekend or on TV
they're competing with grand theft auto
they're competing with YouTube they're
competing with Vice they're competing
with everybody's phones I mean it's it's
actually kind of brutal I mean it's like
their studios that make video games and
they spend 200 million and active
there's level of stars so it's very
similar in a way to making a film I'm
gonna threaten any way to the film
industry I mean apples and oranges oh
yeah they satisfied two different I'm
not so sure about that because I yeah
there was a release I don't know if
there's Grand Theft Auto but it was one
of the major games came out the same
weekend that a film that was targeting a
younger male demographic and I forget
what film that was but it underperformed
that weekend and some people said you
know the game probably took some
audience I wait for that yeah I think I
think ultimately like you're you know
you're gonna play your game and you're
still gonna want to turn something on
and just be a passive but I want to see
one thing financially and I'm shocked
about the number like I don't even know
the video game cost $60 I'll say if it
cost $60 and going to the movie cost $16
or whatever I mean you're gonna have to
make a decision if the parents you know
say well you're $60 you're not going on
the movie for at least a month you know
so I'm sure it's affecting us we don't
want to believe that but I would have to
believe it affects us on some level well
to the point of how the young children
consume movies let's look at this next
number 1,000 33% that's the increase in
pirated downloads of the film Selma
after was nominated for Best Picture
Academy Award no one is watching you
have to be honest with me who downloads
films illegally you seem to have an
ideological reason for downloading it
was the last thing that you illegally
download maybe a buck a book oh did you
remember a film that you've downloaded I
mostly mostly M shows so broad city cuz
you drag is it because you don't have
cable I don't have cable I don't have
Hulu I don't know what it's a but I
don't have any of that stuff who cares
just free thinking right our business is
getting killed I mean we're getting
destroyed financially we're losing
billions of dollars a year all over the
world from from from this taking
something from us that we created and
everybody should have to pay you know I
was on a plane I'm walking back to my
seat and there's a woman with one of my
movies that's in the theater that's been
nowhere
who's gonna seen them a little bit of a
scene I just walked up to her and I said
listen I made this movie I financed this
movie and if you don't get that off your
iPad you're gonna go to jail with the
FBI
and then the tears started welling up oh
my god I'm sorry you know I said listen
just for the future we work really hard
at making these movies it's illegal and
you should not do that especially on a
airplane with your iPad sitting open is
there a huge impact actually a huge
impact at all because I see these
numbers and oftentimes they come from
the studio's really trust there's no
doubt that there are certain markets
around the world where the theatrical
business has gone in a toilet seven
percent in three countries and it's it's
because the culture has shifted to where
it's accepted you don't get people
harassing you want to plane you just do
it so let's look at this next number in
Netflix accounted for over one-third of
total internet download traffic nearly
double the traffic of YouTube Amazon and
Hulu combined notice here also that
three and five people binge watch alone
is anyone here binge watch alone that's
everybody Netflix and Amazon have been
so successful in this in some ways and
you say they're lost leaders but they're
becoming their own studios
oh absolutely never like this is doing
Netflix is arguably the most powerful
studio in Hollywood right now the
Netflix strategy is to spend a boatload
of money on content solely to drive
subscription numbers they have thirty
five thirty six million people
subscribing paying to get Netflix in the
US and this business that did not exist
five years ago which by the way isn't
that different than the model of HBO oh
it is it's just HBO on the Internet Adam
how is this from the filmmakers
perspective I talked to somebody who
made a show for Amazon and he said it
was the best experience he's ever had
because we're talking earlier about
films being made by committee he said
nobody bothered him is it better
doing this if you work with studios I
mean I was yeah absolutely I mean I just
having done this pilot for DirecTV last
year partly it's because you know
they're new to the game so they keep
hands off a little bit
but also as I said before it's all about
a fight for eyeballs they gave me total
freedom we had nudity we had language we
had violence all of it you know I feel
all that was important to telling the
story we wanted to tell I got to portray
it in a realistic way which is as a
filmmaker very gratifying for me let's
look at this next number 625 million
dollars that's the total domestic gross
for Jurassic world as of July 27th 2015
its total foreign gross 918 million
dollars the expectation for a billion
dollars it's not unreasonable for a lot
of films you know there are a couple
each year now and the idea in this in a
way is that combining that with foreign
I mean people always forget about busy
movies that flop in the US will do huge
business in Russia and like recoup their
kind right trying to be in Furious 7
made 300 million dollars in China it's
pretty amazing the international market
vs. the US because you know I made a
movie it was called a scape plan it made
with Arnold Schwarzenegger just alone it
made 20 million or 22 million dollars in
the US than 120 million internationally
that's I mean that's cuz there are stars
that still are very meaningful overseas
that are not meaningful here Stallone
would be a perfect example it used to be
not so long ago either where Studios
would make 20 to 30 movies a year now a
studio makes what six seven they but
they have financing partners oh yeah
they buy different movies yeah I went to
a I went to a conference in March a
movie theater conference and Disney got
up and showed a graphic a slide it was
Star Wars once a year Pixar movie once a
year Marvel movies twice a year every
single one of their movies was a pre
branded gigantic franchise movie that
basically couldn't fail something like
Tomorrowland which came out earlier this
year totally flopped why would you take
a risk when you can just do two Marvel
movies a year guarantee makes seven
hundred million dollars worldwide and if
it's good you make a billion - all right
that's a lot of information to chew on
so I suspect people in the audience have
questions so who has a question I just
wanted to ask you guys what you guys
think about companies like Pluto TV or
awesomeness TV who are kind of curating
shows from YouTube star
is making an enormous profit from that
do you see you guys doing something like
that in the future or what do you think
about that kind of market I'm every day
trying to figure it out you know my
office is filled with 20-something year
old so um like a dinosaur compared to
you know the I call them the kids and
they're coming to me saying you know
this YouTube star has X amount of views
and I'm like I don't know what you're
talking about but then now I'm like
learning the lingo and so you know
they'll come to me and I'll look and
I'll say well why don't we bring them in
they're already have deals at ABC or C
it's really inspected it's it's really a
whole new movement you know I used to be
like sitting in your room trying to make
something create something and you were
the only audience like that was it that
was as far as it was gonna go now you
can actually sit in your room and create
something and millions of people see it
I think but that said I think there is a
difference between subscribers on
YouTube and actual storytellers and
people who are talented and are going to
you know make a mark there's some great
content on those sites and awesomeness
is a perfect example of some a site
that's trying to produce short form
content that is meaningful and funny and
tells a story but to me that's very
different from guy in his room at night
who is goofing around playing video
games and has you know 20 million
followers because there's so much change
occurring with the industry now where do
you expect the film business to be and
say 10 years there's to be more channels
there's gonna be more digital choices I
mean there's good technology is so fast
and so quick you know I don't think we
know I think the big thing is gonna be
virtual reality that when Facebook
bought oculus rift I think that is a
sign of that they see the future of
entertainment being a personalized
experience it is a narrative story told
in a environment that feels real the
essence of the show being business
there's always a bottom line for me my
bottom line is being priced out in going
to the theater I will only go pay if it
is that ride but I can't get waiting for
red box waiting for Netflix my question
to you is in terms of what
you're looking at a script or we've
talked about the temp polls and we talks
about the media market where do you see
the actual theater business and those
bigger dramatic right rides go in your
creative process when you're looking at
a film I mean I just think the studios
and the theater owners the stakes are
gonna get higher and higher with 10 poll
movies I mean that's the business that's
slide I mentioned earlier when Disney
showed that empathy there was a standing
ovation ha that there is a certain
satisfaction of being in your room at
night downloading Netflix according to
that step but I do think people also
like the communal aspect of being in a
room together and experiencing something
together I think I agree I think they'll
always be the market for the theatrical
experience I think your tendencies are
what a lot of people feel is as ticket
prices go up and as the options become
more convenient at home and you have to
make choices and you're only gonna go if
it's really something special and with
social media now you can't get away with
producing a bomb or a crappy movie and
just putting it in theaters and fooling
people with marketing people are looking
on Twitter and Rotten Tomatoes and
everywhere that first opening night and
if their friends are tweeting that it
sucks it probably sucks and you're not
gonna go see it as always at the end of
the show I know a lot more than when I
came in and I think I'm going to
desperately try to be a YouTube star now
they're pushing me in that direction I'd
like to thank all of our panelists for
joining us today Matthew Adam and
Randall and thank you all for watching
and we'll see you next time on the
business of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more that
our money habits calm
you
you
