President Trump is back on the campaign
trail this week he's trying to tell
Americans that if they want to keep
America great
I gotta vote for Republicans in the fall
but is rally here in Tampa Florida last
night was about more than just Trump
there's also a coming-out party of sorts
for a conspiracy theory that's been
popular among some fans for a while now
it's called queue this thing used to
only exist in dark corners of the
internet now it's a t-shirt the kind of
thing you hear everytime you go places
where Trump has gathered crowds it's
gone mainstream
he was even mentioned at the White House
press briefing today first of all the
president encouraged the support of
people who showed up last night at these
queue and on and blacks for truck fringe
groups the president condemns and
denounces any group that would incite
violence against another individual so
what is Q what is Q not what's it all
about well like any good conspiracy
theory it's more rabbit hole than rabbit
my colleagues at Vice magazine say it's
pizza gate on bath salts and I can't do
much better than that it all began last
October when someone purporting to be a
senior member of the government with
so-called Q level top-secret security
clearance began posting to online
message boards Q posts are cryptic but
they suggest that many things that
happen in Washington and many things
that President Trump says aren't what
they seem they're actually about
something else some people believe that
there's a international conspiracy of
sex trafficking run by senior Democrats
the members of the Hollywood elite the
Muller investigation according to some Q
fans isn't really about Trump at all
it's actually run by Trump as a shadow
to cover up an investigation into that
sex stuff that I mentioned Q fans were
pretty excited last night because they
thought that Trump gave a tacit
acknowledgment to their movement they
saw the president wave at a family
holding a Q sign and they said that that
said that the president was legitimizing
them their message boards lit up
that family was the Bhutto's from just
down the road in Ocala I spoke to them
today about their newfound internet fame
I was driving home and he jumped on his
iPad yes I always go to the Great
Awakening on reddit that's like my site
for the queue and somebody said to the
guy with the queue cut out she was
looking for you hey is that mean it's
just a fun thing to know about a fun
thing to be a part of it's fun because
things get revealed it's fun because we
know before it's gonna happen a lot of
times so think of it when things are
happening we got a smirk on our face and
go cute olace for instance Q has told us
at 4 a.m.
media gets their talking points at 4
a.m. and that's how they stop
so a 4 a.m. whatever the talking points
is then you look at all the media
playing and I don't know if you've seen
that video with the media starts out
with one and they all and they keep
adding blocks and before you know it
they were all saying the same thing but
what does it mean like what does it mean
to you to have this in your life okay
well we can all admit that pretty much
everybody knows the government is
correct Q to me is just showing that
it's a lot more corrupt than we thought
like we're not talking just Obama cuz we
voted for Obama like this stuff's been
it's been in the works I guess my
question is why I mean Trump is the
president and her Hubble enter and the
Republicans run the entire government so
why does he need QK why can't he just
tell the FBI to go because we go into
civil war everybody know Terrence you
can't you gotta use Republicans loosely
yeah you know what I mean I mean Trump
pretty much took over that you know I
don't call him I'm a Republican I call
myself a Trump again
you
