it's Tuesday September first and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
children in war-torn Yemen aren't
getting the food and nourishment they
need more than 16,000 children have been
treated for severe malnutrition and more
than a million others are at risk
according to the UN aid workers say
they're screening more kids caught in
the conflict Yemen already had one of
the highest malnutrition rates in the
world before fighting broke out earlier
this year no audio la cops will now be
watched on the job the city's police
department rolled out their first body
cameras on Monday becoming the largest
force in the country to do so more than
7,000 of the devices will be distributed
over the next few months advocates say
they'll help shed light on controversial
police encounters and prevent officer
misconduct Egyptian military bulldozers
have destroyed smuggling tunnels along
the border with Gaza authorities are
filling them with water which would make
it impossible to dig underneath they
plan to replace the tunnels with fish
farms officials have clamped down on
smuggling following a recent wave of
attacks against soldiers in the Sinai
Peninsula China's first domestically
produced passenger plane has been
cleared for commercial service the arj21
can seat up to 90 people and was
developed by China's commercial airline
corporation the first carrier to use the
new jet will begin training its crew
shortly and could launch operations next
year experts say China needs more than
5,000 new planes over the next 20 years
to meet demand
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world if
you don't trust your doctor that's the
problem you would need to find a doctor
who you trust medicine is weird medicine
is the only time in which you will walk
into a room meet a stranger and they
will tell you to undress and you'll be
like okay that's fine so yep so I mean
it's important to to find someone that
you're comfortable with and if you're
not comfortable get out
