right now we are losing a football field
where the wetlands every hour my daddy
says the oil field started it and mother
nature's finishing it when I was a kid
you had to worry about alligators now we
gotta worry about sharks 2005 the worst
hurricane in US history caught Louisiana
by surprise the coastal flooding caused
by Hurricane Katrina devastated New
Orleans leaving more than 1,800 people
dead and displacing hundreds of
thousands the Superdome one of the
largest sports arenas in America became
a symbol of the storms unexpected impact
with nowhere else to go more than 30,000
people sought shelter under its roof
today it's a very different scene inside
the stadium 1 685 echo control America
Inc two million eight hundred two
thousand three dollops oil and gas
companies like BP BHP Billiton and
Anadarko have gathered at the slow-paced
auction to compete for rights to engage
in offshore exploration in the Gulf of
Mexico this is a map of the entire area
that's been part of the bidding system
so everything that's green are the
active leases that were issued the red
ones here are the ones that are part of
the bid today this is nothing new this
is the 1930s the industry has been
tearing through the coastal wetlands of
Louisiana as part of their search for
oil in the Gulf shredding the marshes
that serve as a natural barrier against
major storms like Hurricane Katrina
despite making Louisiana more vulnerable
to future storms the industry continues
to pour billions of dollars into
exploring and developing new areas to
extract even more oil and gas after the
auction we tried to get some of the
company reps to talk but not
surprisingly they declined so nobody can
comment know about what's going on up
finally the head of the industry's trade
group agreed to speak with us about the
connection between oil and gas
exploration and the deterioration of
wetlands but was quick to lay the blame
elsewhere at least a lot of the studies
that IMC don't put that high of a
percentage of loss of land to the oil
and gas industry that it's actually due
to the Mississippi being constrained in
to one place where it can no longer you
know empty the silt in the water
flooding from the Mississippi River used
to be the area's biggest problem at
least back in 1927 before the Army Corps
of Engineers came in and built a levee
to keep it in place while it's true the
levee did cut off the natural lifeline
of sediment to the wetlands it plays a
minor role in coastal erosion here its
absence leading to less than a quarter
inch of land loss every year on the
other hand oil and gas companies have
been dredging canals through these parts
since the 1930s permanently damaging
Louisiana's first line of defense
against major storms
wetlands absorb much of the impact when
a storm makes landfall slowing its
momentum before reaching communities
further inland
so less wetlands means storms are able
to cause more damage right now we are
losing a football field where the
wetlands every hour
Jonathan Henderson monitors oil and gas
activity in the wetlands for the Gulf
restoration Network
he showed us just how damaging industry
activity has been to the region this is
ground zero for we're drilling started
in Louisiana everything that you see
here that is open water was once just
solid wetlands in the search for oil and
gas canals were carved through the
wetlands mainlining salt water straight
into freshwater marshes killing
everything in its path this is cause
Louisiana to lose more land faster than
any other place in the world if you go
up in the air you can see that this is
the clearest example of an oil field in
wetlands because there's so many oil and
gas canals Jonathan offered to take us
up to get a better view of how the ten
thousand miles of canals have eaten away
at Marsh
you
Natural Area there used to be a huge
Cypress forest like Lake secondly all
that's left are the stones cypress trees
huh as we flew further out we spotted
dozens of offshore facilities I could
see it on his belts that are out there
in the water
oh yeah there's our belts brackets and a
hat interested in there and then Bay
Pines even with a glut in the global
supply of oil and prices at their lowest
rates in years the offshore industry is
still going strong
that's in part because energy companies
are playing a long game in the hopes
that wood goes down must go up investing
in projects that will run for decades to
come
the area is expected to produce a record
1.9 million barrels a day starting next
year which means even more oil and gas
being extracted and pumped from the Gulf
of Mexico back onshore through pipelines
running through the wetlands supporting
an industry that's actually leading to
our own demise
pammi the more boiling assets produced
we had to be more difficult for us to
savor those that say murky
luckily the state has a plan its
centerpiece is a series of levees across
the coast of Louisiana that's great news
if you live north of the levee but if
you live to the south you're out of luck
on our way to ile de Jean Charles
it's a tiny island that many people
believe it's already too late to save
this is the only road that leads in and
out of there and it's a scary drive
there's water on both sides it feels
like you're driving in the middle of the
ocean
I did an analysis to see if this place
would have been worth saving and after
they did an assessment of the property
value and home value they said nope as
more and more of the island is being
lost in the incoming ocean its
population has dwindled down to just
under a hundred people Chris's family
has lived on ILDA jean-charles for over
200 years
he's been weathering major storms and
hurricanes his whole life you know
whenever you leave for a storm and you
come back home you know you just count
your blessings that you knew that you
got a home to come back to have you seen
a change back then they had ground to
slow down the surge so the impact of the
storm was it as great because it had a
sort of buffer it had to get through
before getting to us while now since
there's hardly anything out there I mean
a category one if it's coming right at
you
can do a whole lot of damage why not
just like pick up and leave and go
somewhere else I don't think you'll find
a place on it we're doing something from
Mother Nature you you have to deal with
since we've been dealing with ditch you
know um all our lives well mmm this is
where I'm at
I think it's not only a salt Louisiana a
problem
I think it's an American problem Chris's
next-door neighbor Jason offered to show
us just how quickly the land was
disappearing a lot of the gps's has our
addresses on the UM on the main road of
fire Dan uh-huh ed uh like when people
come to visit that has not been here
they're like okay where's your house
this is all water has it affected the
fishing I mean oh yeah what kinds of
things have affected or have some kind
of impact in what you do like me
personally I fish oysters out of my
family shrimp all of that got affected
it's a third of what it used to be maybe
when I was a kid there was you had to
worry about alligators now we gotta
worry about sharks you think your son's
kids are gonna be able to see this place
I'm hoping so I really hope so
I don't want to be the one to tell
stories I want to be the one taking
about your fish are they doing anything
be all and gas industry to help with the
effect
I think they should think I'll create
the problem but you have to be the one
to help fix it the state's plan to save
the coast will cost an estimated 50
billion dollars where that money will
come from is still unclear is there any
possibility of seeing the industry pay
for more of the restoration efforts I
think you're always gonna see the
industry we would have to hit hard about
that
again when times are good this frankly
is quite a bit of money floating around
it's available right now it's certainly
hard on everybody it's hard on the
economy it's hard on the industry the
bright spot is as consumers are getting
a great price for gasoline at the pump
right now Louisiana's erosion is only
accelerating climate change is predicted
to bring sea-level rise in stronger
storms drowning what little marshlands
are left the natural barrier that took
almost 7,000 years to build could be
lost in a single lifetime my daddy says
the oil field started it and mother
nature's finishing it
you know you know I can't live in denial
I can't live in a box
there's a whole other world of things
going on out there that's that's
probably against this place it may not
look like much but you know we we're
still here
we don't want to see the end of it
just water it down they got a little
salt tail
