medicine is weird medicine is the only
time in which you will walk into a room
meet a stranger and they will tell you
to undress and you'll be like okay
that's fine hi welcome to on the line
I'm Sydney lufkin health reporter at
vice news today we'll be talking about
some of my more recent health stories
including truvada as prevention for HIV
new LBGT med school curriculum that's
being piloted down in louisville
kentucky at the University of Louisville
and the right to die great things from
being here Sydney first up we have some
skype callers to ask you questions and
first up we have Josh in Nashville hi
Josh hey how are you I'm good how are
you uh I'm doing great thank you and
thanks for having me on the show
specifically I wanted to talk about the
article that you wrote about prep and
about how maybe US doctors are hindering
HIV prevention and you got very graphic
early on in the article which I
appreciated by quoting someone that says
that their doctor uh potentially or
allegedly asked them if they wanted to
be a cumdumpster but my question goes a
little bit in a different direction to
actually organizations mainly AIDS
Healthcare Foundation they have been
very very adamantly let's just say
they've been loudly against really
getting behind prep like the rest of the
world their organizations the CDC the
World Health Organization the HRC the
White House now with the strategic HIV
strategy update that just happened
everyone's behind using prep or if it's
right for people but AIDS Healthcare
Foundation has spent tons of money to
kind of tell everyone why it's not a
good idea do you think that is helpful
in the grand scheme of the discussion
and is a possibility that Michael
Weinstein with a child AIDS Healthcare
Foundation has actually caused a lot of
this confusion so first actually let's
back up because some people might not
know what truvada is what prep is we're
throwing all these words around so I
wanted to find them first so first
truvada is one of the antiretroviral
drugs that is prescribed to AIDS
patients or AIDS patients goodness HIV
patients to sort of keep their viral
loads down to make sure that they don't
get really sick so then what they'll do
for prevention miss truvada as prep is
to give sort of the full dose of one of
three antiretrovirals this one is
truvada which is actually I believe a
combination of two antiretrovirals yeah
it is getting look confusing myself but
basically what they'll do is they will
prescribe that every day to people who
are at risk of getting HIV so this the
CDC says is is anyone who is having sex
without condoms with partners who may or
may not have HIV so if you don't know
and you're not always using new condom
this is sort of something that you can
do to protect yourself and the CDC
recommends it as you said the world
health organization recommends it a
bunch of other organizations recommended
the AIDS Healthcare Foundation is
questioning it they're saying well is
the CDC right about this and they're
advertising sort of that question and
your question is is this causing harm is
this causing confusion with doctors and
I i mean i think that doctors are paying
attention to the CDC and the World
Health Organization so I I think that
that's important to sort of keep in mind
should they question things I mean
everybody should question things all the
time is it causing confusion I think
that from what I can see and I'm
actually curious about what you're
seeing sort of out there but but
sort of my conversations people are
asking the question what is this how do
I get it who do i need to ask about it
and i actually haven't seen a whole lot
of well maybe I shouldn't take it I I
haven't heard that have you uh yeah I
mean it's a good question and actually I
have I think a lot of the yeah a lot of
the talking points that I see on social
media come directly from some of that
propaganda against the prevention method
and and let me just State this for the
record that I don't believe that
everyone should that's HIV negative
should be on prep I think that it's the
conversation that should happen between
a patient and a physician or anybody
else involved in that decision making
and that we should support whatever
decision is made from that I'm I'm about
informed decisions and then not judging
people based on that however with all of
that disclaimer the statistics are
amazing at prep preventing HIV maybe it
doesn't prevent STDs uh but the point of
that medication is to prevent HIV and
it's doing that very very well if it's
taken with today well yeah well in it
still yeah absolutely which adherence is
is always a concern but even when it
hasn't been taken every day the next
question that I have for you is like
wear condoms fit into the entire
discussion prep truvada is the only
fda-approved prevention method for HIV
at all condoms have never even been
tested or approved for anal sex by the
FDA in 25 years it's crazy to me that
that we can't even get them to test and
so it makes you wonder do they know
something we don't I'm not against
condoms all I'm saying is if we know
prep works then we should support it but
Gilead is not not even really putting
money towards it why do you think that
is aren't they the beneficiaries of
people taking the medication side
I mean financially in theory yes um so
actually I thought about this so the
short answer is I don't know up but I
did look into have you ever looked at
ProPublica's dollars for docs do you
know I'm talking yeah it I've heard
about it I have it so basically it's
online you can check it out and what
they've done is they've looked at how
much pharma companies are spending by
paying doctors to sort of speak publicly
at conferences how often they're you
know taking them out to meals to talk to
them about drugs etc etc and we sort of
know that this happens across Varma and
then so i looked i used this tool and I
looked up Gilead and I saw that their
thousand-dollar hepatitis C pill now I'm
forgetting the name saval d I believe it
is that they spent somewhere in the
neighborhood of 2.5 million on that but
then I looked down and I found truvada
and it's not even broken down between
truvada and truvada is prep and they
only spent 55 thousand so and that's
again not on TV ads or print ads or
anything like that that's just how much
they're spending on doctors and on this
sort of promotional dollars for docs
front so I mean it's definitely worth
exploring but I don't know the exact
answer as to why that's sort of the fact
to it that I came up with when I was
thinking about this question that's
really interesting and good for you for
finding that so d one thing that I'm
finding in the south and I'm a very
outspoken hiv-positive activist that
uses social media to encourage people
but also hold people accountable like
insurance companies or prescription
benefit companies and one thing in your
article that that I I thought was really
important is that this almost
shaming I think is how the the article
phrased it and I've heard other places
but that really is happening
I in I'm in Nashville and in Tennessee
I've started an underground like dr.
list for people that are negative that
go to their regular physicians and
aren't able to get the prescription that
they want because their doctor says oh
I'm too conservative for that um which
I'm like you're not got it you don't
have to take the medicine you know so it
shouldn't be about you doctor but I've
sort of an underground list that that
basically provides prep friendly doctors
or at least how people can get it but
one thing that I don't think is that
we've talked enough about is what if
condoms took fifty four weeks to get
access to and that's how long and I've
posted an article on my blog at someone
in Louisiana it took fifty four weeks
for them to get access from the day they
decided they wanted prep truvada to the
day that they had the pill in their hand
it was fifty four weeks is probably
average from what I've learned sorry to
interrupt you yeah no no and how does
that really speak into health care I
know the next article that that people
that will talk about is has to do with
just LGBT health care in general but but
the access of the drug goes beyond just
the doctors it's then once you get the
prescription go into the pharmacy
handing them your insurance card the
insurance companies are denying it the
first round almost every time and then
you have to appeal and then appeal again
and then they're finally saying okay you
know we'll cover it or we'll cover
partial of it but don't you think that
speaks larger to kind of these problems
that we have with LGBT health care in
general I mean I think it speaks i mean
honestly so so wait the concise question
is sorry so you want to know just if you
could give me the question in one
sentence sorry yeah no that's okay and
giving in one sentence is probably
impossible for me because I'm a talker
but do you think that the access to this
medication
translates to the bigger problem of LGBT
health care in general not um those
individuals not having the access that
they need waiting for yeah I mean I
think yes so basically like the issue
here is is sort of almost a personal
bias is that sort of what you're getting
at that sort of goes to the LGBT med
school curriculum where they're sort of
talking about you know basically one of
the big things that they're teaching is
okay you can believe whatever you want
to believe about LGBT individuals but
what you have to do as a doctor as
whatever is put the patient first and
sort of push your individual implicit
explicit biases aside and put the
patient first and that's sort of what
they're now trying trying to teach down
at the University of Louisville and then
to sort of just talk very very briefly
and then I think we probably have to
move on about the prescription and
coverage and all of that I would say to
everyone to look into any kind of Gilead
coupon program I think that they do have
a program to sort of help people get
access to it and then certain states and
cities also have programs that sort of
help people get access to them and if
you don't know about them that's a
problem but like if you're interested
look into it so yeah great thank you so
much thank you yeah yeah we feel their
skype collars on right now but actually
the tweet that just came in Aaron Brown
wants to know what does prep
accessibility look like for undocumented
people same question for incarcerated
people who so the short answer is I'm
not entirely sure but what we know is
that sort of the most at-risk
populations for for for contracting HIV
our minority individuals minority gay
individuals so it's very important to
get it to them as far as i know i think
it's probably less accessible to this
population and for incarcerated people
that's that's another tough one because
you know these are people who we know
you know pop maybe are having sex behind
bars um make probably some of them are
HIV positive it's definitely a good
question Erin I'm I just don't know the
answer alright great so next up we have
Anna on skype sahai dahana hi Sydney hi
Anna thanks for talking to me today
thanks for talking to me my first
question pertains both to your truvada
shaming piece and the LGBT med school
curriculum piece and it may may wonder
how we could hold doctors accountable
for what they say that's discriminatory
or biased and that leads to negligent
medical care when conversations between
doctors and patients often take place
behind closed doors and with no
eyewitnesses yeah so that's tough and
actually sort of in my reporting i came
across sort of two different situations
and neither of them were really
perfectly resolved so we had the person
in the beginning who alleged that when
he asked for truvada s prep he was
called a dumpster but the thing is
he didn't you know you react to that and
you can imagine being horrified and you
feel terrible and the first thing you
want to do is you know go home and bury
your face in a pillow but I think that
for if that ever happens to anyone they
should report it to the organization
report like make a record of it make
sure that the organization the doctor's
office knows that this happened make
sure that the Medical Board knows that
this happened do whatever you can to
make sure there's a record of it so the
the other person in my LGBT med school
program was the gay man who had strep
throat mm-hmm and went into the doctor's
office and said I have a sore throat and
the doctor said what's your sexual
orientation and he answered honestly and
the doctor said well you have HIV I
think and I can't help you so that
person did make a complaint and the
doctor alleged that their responded by
saying this was
actually an insurance dispute I wanted
an HIV test he had had 13 weeks before
but didn't have a record of it because I
guess it was an anonymous free testing
facility and she wanted a new test but
he wasn't covered by insurance so he
wasn't sure how much it would cost and
there was sort of a dispute there so the
long story short is that the Medical
Board and this was in Kentucky said well
we think that there should be a warning
led a letter of some kind in this
doctors file but it's not enough for a
disciplinary action so it is hard i
think when there's this sort of hearsay
situation but as a patient the best
thing that anyone can do is make sure
that they report these things make sure
that there's a record because that's
sort of your best your best bet going
forward that would be my advice great
thank you mm-hmm and my next question
has to do with the med school piece I
regarding transgender patients are the
med students at the University of
Louisville getting educated not just
some important sensitivity issues like
pronoun miss usage or not you know
having trans women in hospital rooms
with men but also on a medical treatment
specific to the trans population and for
example the right dosage and combination
of hormones for trans men or women or
what the various sex reassignment
surgeries are sure so first it's
important to note that with this program
it is the first that sort it's the
University of Louisville in Kentucky but
it's the first one that pilot program
through the Association of American
Medical Colleges and they've sort of set
I believe 30 different areas for
standards where they want them to be
part of the curriculum and what this is
is the first you know LGBT education is
sprinkled throughout the entire four
years however this just started so they
were developing the first year
curriculum you know over the summer over
the last year so those kids kids adults
young adults um started over the summer
and are working now and I think that
they'll probably go into those things
there are
sort of there is research to say who
needs what dosage of hormones if you're
a smoker what do we do because that puts
you at risk for blood clots sort of like
if you're on birth control birth control
and smoking can make blood clots and
that's not good so I imagine that those
things will be part of it but I think
right now we have to also keep in mind
that they're just in their first year so
I'm not sure how much they'll be getting
into it so I know that their first class
was a broad class on substance abuse and
what they wanted to do was add in so
it's not just you know this is
everything you need to know about LGBT
people in one day and it's an elective
course this is part of their entire
curriculum and part of that one class
was ok LGBT people are more at risk for
this group and that group is more at
risk for substance abuse so it's sort of
sprinkled in like that I imagine that
it's going to be more than just a
pronoun usage mm-hmm and in that scene
piece I just had a question as purely
curiosity and with the man who had the
sore throat who the doctor said oh you
have HIV and you didn't name him and in
your piece and I just wondering um the
journalistic decision behind that I know
it was something about a letter you read
a letter so it's a public record so I
had the red letter I had the response
from the doctor etc but the reason that
I didn't name him is because even though
this is a public record I wasn't able to
reach him and I didn't want him to sort
of see this maybe I mean yes he wanted
to report it etc and and that's good but
maybe he you know wasn't prepared to see
it in this way I just sort of wanted to
give him some kind of warning that it
would be on vice news and because i
wasn't able to reach him I was like well
I think this is important it's clear
that this is a public record so we can
talk about it but I'm not going to name
this guy just in case yeah that's very
considerate thank you thank you so much
Sydney thank you nice to have you here
be good thanks so much on a great
questions we have one more skype color
you have Carolyn in
la so i had to carolyn hi Carolyn hey
nice to meet you you too okay um so
before we begin I wanted to address the
ongoing discussion of medical power such
as in the erotic case with the
specifically the dumpster quote when
a doctor enters a room they already have
an existing position of power over a
patient and a patient is already
undergoing so much medical stress in
their body that they're just the active
advocating for themselves is like that's
a force of political power I mean that's
a force that I don't know that is a
political act to speak up and advocate
for themselves in the room reporting
beyond that takes a like in a measure of
strength beyond just speaking up mom I'm
I'm a queer disabled woman I'm
cisgendered so I don't deal with trans
issues but I speak with many other
people on a daily basis who talked a lot
about the strength that you know they
have to summon to just speak up for
themselves with doctors who like
disbelieve they're invisible illnesses
and in the room so it's very difficult
which also says that when you're dealing
with a care provider who kind of like
temporarily ignores their belief
structure such as like with LGBT issues
in order to provide care is that going
to inhibit like the intimacy necessary
in making difficult decisions so I feel
like there were a couple questions in
there so I might break them up a little
bit so let's tackle this one first and
this is does sort of ignoring your
belief system
hurt your ability to sort of care for
the patient and I think in this
situation what they're saying what the
curriculum is is trying to do is sort of
acknowledge that you know yes there are
some people who have biases against LGBT
and sometimes that's just an implicit
bias that they don't even know about and
they're acknowledging that so they want
to say okay you maybe have this implicit
bias explicit bias what we need you to
do is to push it aside and put the
patient first so I think if you're
putting the patient first then that's
that's the goal it doesn't matter you
know how you feel about lgd LGBT people
in general your focus is okay what is
wrong with this person what does this
person need how can i fix it yeah I mean
that's a platonic ideal in medicine but
there's always medicine deals with these
like very intimate issues um such as
like when to prescribe medicine when to
refer to psychiatric issues and when to
talk about things like sex and death huh
and when to address these with a patient
and these are really these are things
that hit close to home and sort of go
beyond the scope of like just bodily
things and they they kind of cross over
into belief systems a lot of the time so
that's when I kind of wonder about
whether or not a patient would really be
able to trust their doctor or their care
provider enough to like really believe
that they're receiving the best care I
mean as Josh mentioned with the lists
every patient has an every patient
advocacy group has these secret lists I
mean I know that I've been a part of a
couple of groups and we have these
secret lists because you know who the
good doctors are and you know who the
bad doctors are um so so in this
situation are you so if you think that
you don't have a good doctor I think if
you don't trust your doctor that's the
problem you need to find a doctor who
you trust and it's a hassle to find
doctors in general not necessarily to
find them but to find one that
works for you and you feel really
comfortable with but I think just sort
of being very clear out in the open if
someone's not asking you the question
tell them see how you know feel them out
for yourself and I think I think what
you're doing is really the right thing
these underground groups talking among
people who are you know like you and and
what do they think and find the right
person so you're I mean sure it can be
hard to speak up and if you don't feel
like you're gelling with that person I
mean medicine medicine is weird medicine
is the only time in which you will walk
into a room meet a stranger and they
will tell you to undress and you'll be
like okay that's fine so yep so I mean
it's important to to find someone that
you're comfortable with and if you're
not comfortable get out go find someone
else don't get out completely which is
one of the issues with why they're sort
of creating this pilot program is that
LGBT folks are not always going to the
doctor if you have a bad experience you
might not come back for a year so I
think you know finding the right person
talking to your peers helped who can
maybe help you find the right person
that's important and you're doing the
right thing thank you the other article
that I had questions about was about
your article on the right to die
legislation yep and as a person with a
disability I'm wondering about the
greater restrictions on pain medications
in our country that are being pushed at
the same time as the right to diet
legislation and it seems to me and a lot
of other people in the disability rights
movement that this legislation is less
about our quality of life than it is
about controlling our bodies hmm so I
think I mean a lot of that legislation
is to prevent sort of addiction to
prescription painkillers correct is that
what we're talking about kind of I mean
kind of except you can't really prevent
addiction I mean addicts are going to
access medication any way that they can
and really I think they don't
I mean I'll let you speak sorry I mean
really if we addressed things like
mandatory sentencing minimums we could
sort of circumvent a lot of the issues
and right to die um and give patients
more bodily autonomy which is one of the
things that Brittany Menard talked about
repeatedly in her you know as you wrote
very moving video but bodily autonomy is
not something that right to die actually
gives patients with disabilities so it's
definitely it's an interesting question
and i'm not i hope i can answer it well
enough actually one of the questions
that I had from some Stanford doctors
who were sort of in the hospice world
was about this and one of the things
that they because in there a Stanford so
they're in California and they don't
have the right to die yet they don't
have this legislation it's something
that I think they just reintroduced last
week or the week before now times
getting away from me but they said that
when their patients in hospice and
end-of-life ask them about end-of-life
care they usually had an underlying
reason for doing so their pain wasn't
being managed well there no one had
talked to them about what dying might
actually be like with their illness
things like that they just didn't know
they didn't feel like they had control
day and feel like they had all the
knowledge and they said once they
started addressing those things their
patients stopped asking for the right
today I'm not necessarily saying that
it's not something that is you know it's
tough but that was just sort of an
interesting thing I didn't get to put in
the article at least I don't think I did
I think that those are things that come
up with intimacy in illness and the
intimate nature of a doctor-patient
relationship that I think that doctors
and patients need to have and I think
that these are discussions that need to
happen early on in the diagnostic
process and I also think that rather
than fighting for right to die
legislation right now we should be
fighting for access to care across the
board as
early as possible and access to
medication as early as possible and
access to all of the care possible as
early as possible and as I don't know as
economically viable as possible right
rather than pushing us out right I mean
these are all very important things and
I think there's probably I mean right
today's definitely something that no one
wants to necessarily talk about until
you really get farther down that road
because I think there might be an a
night truth be told I don't know for
sure but you also don't want to scare a
patient I'm sure that there's an issue
there as soon as they're diagnosed well
you disagree I'm arias I mean I think
that it is something that you have to
start talking about as soon as you can
and I think you have to start talking
about end-of-life options I've been in
hospital situations where they've talked
to me about dying in a ham-fisted way
and they haven't been doctors that I've
seen before they've been new doctors and
they've just talked to me about okay
well you should start considering this
your quality of life is going to be
awful and they've just told me these
things and if I wasn't an advocate and
if I wasn't as informed as I was and if
I if I wasn't me basically I would be a
lot more depressed I would be devastated
by the things I was being told and it's
just not the way it should be done you
should really have these conversations
with your doctor's earlier and there
there should be trust in intimacy
between doctors and patients mm-hmm
that's it yeah no I mean that's a good
point and your experiences is very
valuable and I think probably for this
particular issue contributes more than I
do to the show so thank you for sharing
it with us thank you yeah all right
thank you very much was a very
enlightening an important topic to talk
about why don't we say thank you to
everyone watching at home
okay um thanks so much to everybody
watching I'm Sydney lufkin health
reporter at vice news and this was on
the line thank you you need to
understand that people are coming in
begging for this drug and they know they
have to take it every day and so they do
I think we could be sitting on something
that could change the course of this
epidemic I think it remains to be seen
how well we can make prep available
