it's Tuesday August 25th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
residents of rebel-controlled Donetsk
have rallied in support of pro-russia
separatists as ukraine marked its
independence day on monday dozens came
out with flags and banners to support
the rebels some areas of Donetsk have
been caught up in the fighting since
last summer at a ceremony in Kiev
President Petro poroshenko said his
country was struggling to fend off
Russia's attempts to undermine closer
relations with Europe hundreds of
protestors gathered in the Lebanese
capital on Monday to call for reforms
residents are furious over the growing
piles of uncollected garbage across
Beirut they blame corruption and
political infighting for the
government's mishandling of the issue at
least one person died and dozens were
wounded in violent clashes with police
over the weekend modern medicine could
help save the endangered northern white
rhino there are only three females and
one male left in the world but none are
capable of natural reproduction so
scientists are considering in vitro
fertilization better known as IVF we
hope to mix their eggs with sperm from
stored sperm from various different more
than one runners to create embryos which
would then be implanted into surrogate
southern white rhino female Kenya's old
pizzetta Conservancy which hosts three
of the Rhinos has launched a campaign to
fund the procedures and give rise to a
new generation
a group of Philadelphia prisoners is
building a chair for the Pope it's made
out of walnut wood and stands nearly 6
feet tall the five men were selected to
hand-carve the chair because of their
work ethic and skills the inmates plan
to give it to Pope Francis during his
two-day visit to the city next month
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world what
John Brennan ultimately did he took a
course of action that as I noted the
story continues to cause strife with
with the Intelligence Committee and he
basically stood up an accountability
Review Board that completely overturned
everything that the CIA his own internal
watchdog found and absolved everyone
ultimately you know it was the CIA that
you know investigated itself and
absolved itself as well
