oh darn are not a lousy at one Annie
malarkey would is my shadow you move the
atom through the it was a foreigner
after
and Ashley I'm Ursula - Ambria ashes
mean subsided
when Ian and initially when it wasn't
with the physio is an article ahead
so we get outside and these children are
yemeni refugees who fled Yemen for
Djibouti a small East African nation
only a few hours by boat from Yemen
since March this year a civil war has
been raging across Yemen hootie rebels
from the north of the country had swept
south to take control of the capital
sana forcing out the government in the
process fighting has been hard in cities
like Aden and tazed displacing tens of
thousands of civilians some have chosen
to make the short boat journey across
the Gulf of Aden to safety in Djibouti
Salah al fakher and his family are lucky
they can afford to rent the former
school building there now staying in but
many emily's are residing in substandard
refugee camps far out into the desert
Salah now works helping other refugees
he offered to take us on a six-hour car
journey to the mikaze refugee camp
situated in the Urbach region many
Yemenis fleeing the war are now being
housed there sera
Organa
oh my god forget up beyond the
but had a buddy
Playmobil logically are any human salon
they really do not comply up over others
career witness he and Emily the same oh
and 11
so my lab has to be half-human silent
until the powerful part our modern hello
Camille or an extra Remy and the library
do and that's all hi Jamie Jamie eleven
eleven our talkback fan has a CFE
devotee Ola Salo is referring to
djibouti's role as a site for
international military bases forces from
Japan France and the US all pay
lucrative rents to operate within the
country and with recent reports stating
the China is currently negotiating to
open its own military base djibouti's
reputation for stability in a volatile
region is all the more important in our
foster of norovirus reversal it doesn't
leave an errant pathology varrock morado
pyro who knows elements an eye on Elena
mujahadin novel la verga Maya
Kyle as you stir the sauce and one
minute - hi
situated in a desolate region of
Djibouti the camp is far from ideal for
the refugees or houses annum innum ah ha
ha Robin I mean Todd again a lousy
editor beena David ecology give'em Barak
Finn with dual kuru hajima Schaffner
Hawk al Kuwaiti Masha phenomena Yahya
Ayyash are given an ax murderer she
Wolbachia Kulina economy Nina Nina not
the bin Fahad Elma Kanye of Rock Aloha
Johanna yes Oliver Oh Oh Lana gasps
enchilada the unromantic Ihara vantika
Asif like in animal routine around 2000
Yemenis are living in the camp at this
time of year the temperature can reach
peaks of 50 degrees Celsius or 122
degrees Fahrenheit and sandstorms are
common despite these harsh conditions
the Djiboutian government declared this
the official camp for Yemeni refugees we
are salamu flee to tell us more about
the issues faced by the refugees there
were about 350 cat tent on this camp and
due to bad weather and harsh conditions
lots of the people have moved out of
their camp they moved down to the
village
unfortunately some of the people that's
around here are forcing their a30 old
camp due to the corruption associated
with the distribution of food and and
eight
tell her Buddha Batna Lahaina KU -
hushirat a call a high one at the bar
another share the Audrina mechanic done
here in HD bhowmick at multiple bar de
beaut√© her mama her mammoth come get us
a nice key ya need raw banana for Nagila
meaning if she came myself action is
called him ma'am and that's pardonable
in madurai school let me stop another
any game Enya Rani Medeiros laughs is
cool addresses doctor at Hyatt a
notification ml sorrowful Durga bladder
I'm not Aloha raghunatha see the unread
obn tashera's honey - Valyria hello
material AHA - anybody had a Kimia whoo
whoo - malaga yeah any inter concern he
nice vertical
gazecki louvre my cell function and I'll
go zoo humming solvent
hiya moose on a 90-second it was a
anybody
what has of it what waiting quadratic
diffuser very really I got to go get my
a neo-gothic reven Kyle okay we'll get
them forget till a few have a look-see a
lockira tenemos que VA observance of
infamy al Harlan Wahid over nata artist
memoriam of colors wrote a Sofia will be
algunas with a second why merited who
knew him Elam can ask we left the camp
and headed back to Djibouti City to meet
some of the refugees living in the
capital the common theme for many of
them was dissatisfaction with the
government and president Hardy who has
fled Yemen for exile and Saudi Arabia
oh then mother
I got che s in Malaysia even if you were
different multiple vehicle say dinner
well should be a little sloppy I'm Emily
Wow couldn't consider it as we hope will
have a bad mouth footage I have two
children I was already living in an era
where philosophy no okay but their
fellow subpoena to trade alibi for her
and for her birth overhaul there in the
name our oil ended up loose and Asia
additional Sharpie
brassiere Okumura India Samira Khan is
materially she let a TV crew suppleness
issue well a guy's a year regard Dirac a
that's a prosciutto getting she's a year
in an envelope and in Osaka a facade
Lucretia la coneja Telugu booty
some subunit earth could handle so
evaluated Yemen rally eliminated
I can be dead I had a third monadic
never know Sin Cara her father would
have been shocking Kevin is Farah a ban
in an overview of TB McCann
oh no move away can you sell any given
can scepter to new actor Black Knight in
circuses shall do so
is monkey missive Shabo you moved the
island we we are going to feel homey bad
who is Rodya it will more or other
ideologies any prayer the memory right
so Alhambra absolutely
you
