since the events of this summer a lot of
European Union members have realized
that they can't abdicate their
responsibility for rescuing people at
sea hello everybody this is on the line
and this week we are taking questions
about my latest documentary short which
is about the European migrant crisis and
about the fact that tens of thousands of
people are trying to cross the
Mediterranean in unseaworthy and very
very dangerous boats leaving the African
coast trying to you reach the shores of
the European Union over 2,000 people
have drowned
this year alone trying to make the
journey but around 70 thousand people
have actually made it which is a huge
number so we've had people send us
questions about the crisis as a whole as
well as about who should actually be the
person dealing with these migrants whose
responsibility is it to go and rescue
them we've got a few people who are on
the line Michael could you introduce us
to the first caller please
so with pleasure Simon we've got a bunch
of people in and the first person is
rake so let's say - rake hey Simon hey
rake where are you calling us from I'm
from Vancouver Canada okay and what was
your question
so my question is as many of the
countries affected by the migrant crisis
are full-time pu members should there be
a stronger push within europe for a
super national EU long term policy on
the issue rather than say national
governments or NGOs coming up with
short-term solutions well I think that
this is a problem of the European Union
not just on this issue but on very many
issues which is that they don't have a
unified policy on a whole range of
things including you know the economic
crisis that we saw in Greece and by the
way Greece is another country in the
European Union which is affected by this
migrant problem because it's on the sea
obviously it's not far from Syria and
Turkey and a lot of the refugees from
the Middle East are coming into Greece
my documentary sure focused on a
different section of the Mediterranean
sort of further west in the
Mediterranean Italy and Malta those two
European Union countries are most
affected by the boat people coming from
Libya and Italy in particular and Malta
to some extent as well have complained
that the European Union as a whole isn't
taking on its share of the burden and
that most of it is falling on Italy most
of the migrants don't want to stay in
Italy so they end up after arriving
going to other countries of the EU but
there has been this policy for years now
it's called the Dublin regulations I
believe which says that a migrant or an
asylum seeker arriving in the European
Union has to stay in the first European
Union country that they get to and this
is disproportionately in the past burden
Italy so I think this year for the first
time they've come to a kind of agreement
where they've on a sort of one-time
basis shared out a lot of the migrants
who have come over this summer in
particular but is that's not a long-term
solution and so I think to answer your
question there should be a sort of a
long-term policy that says that most of
the EU countries or all of the you
countries should be taking you know a
proportion of the asylum seekers who
come in because it really isn't fair if
only one or two countries have to share
that border burden what's the point of
having a union if you don't share each
other's problems right exactly
well that brings me to my second
question actually with the ongoing
austerity measures like you mentioned in
Greece and in the other eurozone
countries can national governments
afford to fund and these search and
rescue missions in the Mediterranean and
is that something that's gonna be
popular with EU voters well I think the
European Union can definitely afford the
search and rescue I don't think that's
the issue you know even Greece having
been in the headlines and having this a
huge economic crisis is actually still a
richer country than
they're members of the European Union
you know that have come into the
European Union more recently like some
of the Eastern European members in the
Baltic states so I think the amount of
money it costs to patrol the sea you
know I wouldn't I won't say it's
negligible and I won't say it's cheap
but a military is something that
countries fund well and so you know the
militaries have the money what they
haven't had for a while is the political
will of their governments to actually
send those ships out to do the
search-and-rescue I think they tried to
dress it up as an economic issue but in
fact it was really a political issue and
that's actually begun to change because
a lot of the nation states in the
European Union have actually sent
patrols out to the part of the
Mediterranean Sea that you need to
patrol in order to be able to save
migrants because keep in mind you know
border patrol missions that the European
Union has fielded in the past you know
generally hug the European Coast they
don't hug the African coast but if you
hug the European Coast then you're
basically in the wrong area to actually
save people's lives because most of the
dinghies and the wooden boats that get
sent out by the traffickers who are you
know taking money from the migrants and
asylum seekers don't even have enough
fuel to reach Malta or Lampa duza and
they go adrift sort of three-quarters of
the way and if the boats aren't out
there to pick them up then those people
in a lot of cases will end up dying like
last week there was a case of a boat
with 200 people capsizing and I think
you know maybe 25 of those people
actually drowned but there was a boat on
the way that rescued the rest of them in
fact the capsizing was caused by the
boat approaching because a lot of people
rushed to one side of the boat when they
saw it and flipped it over and that's
part of the problem with having
non-professional search-and-rescue
operations going out because they don't
know that you need to approach the boats
from the stern you know from the front
or from the back in order so that the
boat can't be tipped
/ and previously before the European
Union was doing these rescues in force
it was up to commercial vessels that
were in the area according to the laws
of the sea to do the rescues because if
you receive a distress call on the open
sea then you're required to go and help
that ship out but these giant tankers or
cargo ships or whatever they were you
know they're not trained to do these
kinds of rescues so you have a building
as tall as like a sorry a ship as tall
as a building floating up to a little
dinghy everybody rushes over to one side
the boat flips over back in April that
caused about you know a thousand April
May about a thousand two hundred people
to drown so you know you need
professional people doing this okay and
that brings me that my to my last
question if we see the migrant crisis as
kind of a symptom of the larger issues
in the region in North Africa and the
Middle East do you think that European
aid would be better spent investing in
those countries to better the economic
prospects is that something that you see
happening yeah so a lot of people have
been talking about the pole factor which
is a good economy in a great life
comparatively in the European Union for
these people coming from the Middle East
in Africa which is for the mostly for
the Africans it's a economic situation
and for the Middle Easterners it's the
security situation which is referred to
as the push factor which isn't really
being addressed and I think a lot of
people are calling for it to be
addressed because yes if you improve the
conditions in Eritrea or in Nigeria or
you know in Syria then that would mean
that a lot of people wouldn't be leaving
their homes to come to the European
Union but I think you know saying fixing
fixing an entire continent an entire
region is easier said than done so yes
you know we need to do something about
what's happening in Africa in the Middle
East but rather than saying we need to
do something I think people should ought
to you know propose something specific
rather than just say hey let's fix
everything you know you can't just say
let's fix everything and go about it you
have to actually have something concrete
so for now I think we can expect these
people to continue coming because I
don't think the secure
the conditions of the Middle East are
going to be changed anytime in the near
future okay Thank You Simon
hey thanks for the question yeah and
Rick thanks for coming on
so Simon we we're getting a bunch of
tweets and we're gonna keep watching for
tweets while we're live but I want you
to take a look at this one that we just
got from Ryan Milstein so Ryan wants to
know if you think that European Union
country should really be blamed for not
dealing with the situation more
appropriately I mean where does the
blame lie in this and what do you think
about the whole crisis like what's the
root of it that's a tough question to
answer I mean I don't know if blame is
really the issue here I think the issue
is the humanitarian crisis at hand
because the European governments are
kind of between a rock and a hard place
or having to choose between two
situations that are you know bad one may
be worse than the other the first being
the more migrants that you accept the
angrier your electorates get because
immigration just isn't popular the
second choice they have is to just let
people drown in the sea and that's when
blame comes into play and that's when
the European Union countries get blamed
for people drowning in the sea because
we see it happening and they're not
doing anything about it if you want to
you know go back even further and look
at what caused the turmoil in the Middle
East and North Africa you know we could
probably trace it all the way back to
the US invasion of Iraq in 2003 but
maybe it's not the US invasion
specifically that caused the instability
but let's say you know the policies of
dismantling Iraq's military and you know
sending all those people adrift who now
are actually active members in Isis
right so that's you know one of the
causes of instability the United States
the European Union to some extent
especially the UK were major players in
the Iraq war so you know maybe it is
their fault to some extent I don't know
well let's
a good answer to difficult questions I'm
so speaking of difficult questions I'm
sure Chris who's on skype has some
challenging ones for you let's say to
Chris hey Chris how's it going
I sound good um so my question leads to
something you just talked about just
there um in the past few years we've
seen a rise in popularity of far-right
and Euroskeptic parties across your much
virtue to their anti-immigration
policies given that aren't European
governments in kind of a no-win
situation because if they do accept more
migrants they're ostensibly giving these
parties that political stick to beat
them with and pushing their electorate
towards those parties well I think
you're the only caller we have today
who's actually in the European Union so
let me ask you I mean what what do you
see happening in the UK specifically
well given given how popular UK are I
believe that the main parties the labour
and the Conservatives I believe that
they take their lead on immigration from
UK so in the past few years we've seen
labour who would normally take maybe a
more liberal approach to to immigration
they've taken a much more much harder
one and I mean the kind of the irony of
it is is that the government is talking
about how they're experiencing growth
how there are 750,000 vacancies a near
record high and yet the UK which has
always been reliant upon foreign labour
is taking far less migrants than say
countries like Sweden or Germany yeah
and I think the one thing that people
are an address I mean like let's face it
a lot of the right-wing politicians have
a point when they say that some of these
migrants aren't genuine asylum seekers
and it's just amounts to illegal
migration and you know when when these
boats are being rescued they're not just
being rescued they're also you know
helping the traffickers to try to bring
them across the Mediterranean to the
European Union
some extent and that's something that
needs to be considered so with that in
mind and with the anger that engenders
in mind there have been a few proposals
put forward about how to deal with that
because you know according to
international law according to the
Refugee Agreement that you know most un
members have signed up to people who
live in a dangerous place have a right
to try to seek asylum in a safer place
so what do you do to allow those people
to exercise that right one thing they've
proposed is to build you know centers
where people on the African continent or
in the Middle East say in jordan
somewhere where people would be able to
safely line up and register and make
their asylum claim without having to
make the dangerous journey across the
Mediterranean which you know the
Europeans don't want to have to deal
with on the one hand and which is very
dangerous for the people themselves so
we're trying to do it so that might be
one way of at least reducing the flow of
people coming across and giving genuine
asylum seekers a chance to you know
exercise their their right as an asylum
seeker as a refugee but as far as the
political you know ramifications I think
there's been a swing to the right in a
lot of European countries and I don't
think that a lot of those politicians
actually care what the real effect of
the immigration is on the economy or
what the real numbers are you know no
matter how low or high immigration is
they will find a way of you know putting
up that scarecrow and using it for their
political purposes because even if there
wasn't this asana this migrant crisis
now on the Mediterranean you'd have you
kept for example arguing against the
high numbers of European Union member
states citizens coming to the UK you
know from the Baltics or from Poland
that's been going on for decades and
it's got nothing to do with
with the anger they're expressing over
the migrants coming from the Middle East
in Africa so if it's not one thing for
them it's gonna be the other right yeah
I mean does the migrant crisis possibly
propose a greater threat to the
fracturing of Europe than the economic
crisis because I mean if you do get a
situation where say job Nick in Hungary
or the National Front in France or the
freedom party in the Netherlands I mean
if these parties come to power sure the
European project is untenable much more
so than save Greece left Europe
potentially I mean who knows what the
consequences could be on the other hand
you know when parties come to power they
have to change their policies and
they're not they get bound by the
agreements that their country has made
in the past and I think you usually has
a tempering effect so I don't think
anybody wants to see radical right
parties come to power except for radical
right people but if they did maybe they
wouldn't be as bad as people make them
out to be who knows um yeah that's about
as much as I have all right thanks Chris
let's see what else we got Michael you
got anything for us yes I'm we got a
bunch of stuff for you so let's Edvard
said as a tweet that I want to take a
look at let's talk a little bit more
specifically about Mo as Edwards wants
to know what's the difference in
technology between some of these private
rescue ships like the mo as boat that
you were on and some of the Coast Guard
boats so you know not just the
technology but what what's the
difference between a private rescue and
a a government-funded rescue well I
think the difference the primary
difference between the
private boats is that you know they're
just refitted fishing trawlers or you
know recreational boats whereas the
naval boats are purpose purpose made
military vehicles but I you know it's
not really a question of what kind of a
boat it is so much as what kind of
training the people on board have and
moas which is the migrant offshore aid
station as it's called as an NGO that
was founded by a Louisiana millionaire
who bought a ship in trawler in Virginia
and decided to bring it out to the
Mediterranean to do these kinds of
rescues his or he's had a lot of
experience I think in in doing this sort
of stuff and he hired you know members
of the Maltese military who were
involved in search-and-rescue operations
in the past so I think they're quite
prepared but I think you know earlier
this summer there was an issue with
there not being enough boats out in the
sea because the Italians had cancelled
their search and rescue program based on
the fact that the European Union didn't
want to help them fund it and they were
kind of angry about that so they just ax
the whole thing and then thereafter
according to Amnesty International about
a thousand seven hundred people drowned
and I think those accidents on the one
hand and the activism of groups like
Mona's bringing attention you know
bringing journalists like us to the
Mediterranean embedding other
journalists on their ship got the
European Union's attention and the
world's attention and made them have to
bring out these boats these actual
proper naval ships to participate and
now there's a pretty effective rescue
operation happening in the south of the
Mediterranean Sea along the Libyan coast
but even it isn't enough because as I
said before as I said earlier you know
just a week ago there was an accident in
which 200 people went overboard so these
these crossings are still very very
dangerous even with rescue ships out
there
cool well I hope that answers your
question adverts Simon we got some more
people in Skype why don't we say hey to
Jennifer hey Jennifer
aye Simon how you doing good how are you
where are you calling us from great
she's not Arizona oh yeah okay so what's
your question um having been on the
front line of this crisis and given the
gravity of the situation and the --use
stance on its accountability do you feel
at this point it's more productive to
push exclusively for private involvement
private NGOs private organizations
rather than official aid and support and
what kind of lobbying is going on right
now on behalf of these migrant rights on
the part of these private organizations
to the EU and how's it being taken by
the EU so there's a number of private
organizations which are trying to lobby
the European Union and other countries
to do more about the crisis primarily
that's medicine some frontier doctors
without borders' the medical aid charity
charity which I think have two or maybe
even three ships that they've chartered
in the Mediterranean to do this work and
for them you know when we were speaking
to them while we were out there they
were saying that a huge part of their
mission isn't just actually rescuing
people but it's getting the message out
that they're rescuing people so that the
European Union governments will feel
embarrassed you know that it's not them
doing it and then you've got Amnesty
International which has been very vocal
talking about this problem and the need
to rescue people lost at sea and you
have smaller organizations like Mona's
the one we focused on in our documentary
who said that what they were trying to
do again you know much the same way as
MSF was to draw attention to the issue
by using their boat as a sort of fulcrum
for media attention like I don't know if
you've ever heard of the Rainbow Warrior
which is a Greenpeace ship that was you
know very famous in the 70s and 80s for
you know rocking up to whaling ships or
protesting nuclear weapons and so forth
but it generated a lot of media
attention because people could come on
board they could hang out with the
Kru they could go out on these
adventures which lent themselves to
great narrative and great storytelling
and I think moas is trying to replicate
some of that experience so that it has
an outsized influence to the relative to
the number of people they actually
rescue because you've got about seventy
thousand people who have been rescued at
sea by the EU navies and moas and about
five thousand of those have been rescued
by moas itself but most of the media
attention has been showered on moas
because they've been the ones inviting
journalists on board week in and week
out you know when we were there we saw a
list of all of the media companies and
you know every single week or two weeks
there was a changeover of media
companies that were going to be embedded
so throughout this entire store summer
you've seen stories coming out on all of
the world's television channels about
their work so that's you know a very
clear and present form of pressure
through the media on European Union
governments to do something so you know
I think it's hard for them not to do
anything at this point which is why
which is why they're an amnesty
International actually said they're
doing a pretty good job right now so
that's changed since the beginning of
the summer great and I just was kind of
curious about migrant rights once
they've reached the shore safely and if
there was any active lobbying or kind of
media attention on their rights post
rescue and if moas or any other of these
private organisations do anything off
the water for these migrants once they
reach the shore well I'm sure the the
governments do a lot for them because
they've set up refugee centres and
there's been a lot of criticism over the
last couple of years about the
conditions of these refugee centres and
I think it varies on country to come
from country to country
whether the conditions are good or not
but they've taken a lot of the burden
Doctors Without Borders has set up some
medical treatment in Sicily I think and
perhaps in Lampa dues although I'm not a
hundred percent about that Island so
yeah you know certain facilities have
been set up
cuz you don't just drop them off on the
shore and then they all wander around no
and in a lot of cases they actually get
put in temporary detention in Malta for
example some people have spent you know
half a year to a year some people even
longer in force detention when they
arrive while they're asylum applications
are being reviewed so you know it's not
like you arrive in the EU and they meet
you with a with a welcome basket full of
great stuff it's actually you know
people going across know that they're
going to basically spend at least some
time in prison in prison like conditions
when they get to the European Union and
a lot of them will get sent back as well
thanks I mean yeah Thank You Jennifer
for coming on um Simon we got another
guy on skype I want you to take our
answer some questions for let's say hey
to Matt hey Matt what's up oh hey Simon
how you doing
Royal Oak Michigan right yep right look
how far is that from Ann Arbor uh an
hour about an hour away which is cooler
though uh I really like Ann Arbor I like
going there a lot me too that's where I
went to high school very cool yeah so
what's your question um so I just had a
couple questions I'm not specifically
moais but the concept of the migrant
market I guess so I just want to know
first off are you afraid that private
individuals not necessarily NGOs but
maybe private individuals will enter
this market and maybe start mixing up
families or like separate them or do
anything that could possibly harm
children that are crossing or anything
like that well it kind of sounds like
you know a scenario for an anti utopian
futuristic movie and I don't think that
there's been any evidence for that
because first of all there have been
very few private companies involved in
this kind of initiative so far and right
now I think moas is the only sort of
organization that's set up by one
particular individual millionaire or a
couple I should say
you know the other organization is MSF
and I think that they've got people's
best interests at heart primarily and I
think that since the events of this
summer a lot of European Union members
have realized that they can't abdicate
their responsibility for rescuing people
at sea so I don't really know if it's
going to be heading in that direction
anymore because they've really stepped
up their act so you know the reason that
the issue of privatization came up in
the first place is because contractors
did a great job of solving the pirate
issue off the coast of Somalia and and
that proved to be very effective but
that was a little bit of a different
situation because you were talking about
you know basically pirates committing
criminal activities trying to steal
boats and steal people kidnap people and
so there could be a active military
response that could be effective whereas
this is a bit of a different situation
where you've got a humanitarian crisis
where you're not necessarily trying to
attack the boats you're trying to save
the people on the boats so you know how
the private sector would fit in there is
a little bit more of a question it's not
entirely clear so so far the private
organizations have been involved by like
I said before drawing attention to the
issue and by also saving a significant
number of people's lives but whether
this is going to be something that the
European Union is going to con actually
contract out to people I think you know
they'd like to see funding from the
European Union so that they could expand
their operations but I think so far the
governments have been reluctant to
actually go in that direction all right
another question I had was just the
concept of do you believe that these do
you see in the foreseeable future the
government's and private sector working
together to train these private sector
people because you referenced earlier in
the program that some private sectors or
some passing ships don't necessarily
know the correct
techniques that save these people which
is causing debts so do you believe that
there's going to be any government
private sector cooperation to have the
least amount of deaths in the
Mediterranean well if you're going to be
talking if we're talking about the
commercial ships which you know are
cruising the Mediterranean every day
going from the Suez Canal out to the
Atlantic Ocean that's such a mixed group
of ships from all across the world from
everywhere to Vietnam China you name it
- like you know Africa and America and
South American boats that I don't think
you can train every ship and and this
specific kind of search-and-rescue so I
think you know what activists have been
pushing for is that's why the activists
have been pushing for the government's
to actually do it and so that it's not
left up to commercial vessels because
let's face it you're not going to be
able to ever train all of them to do it
right and in fact one thing that's been
happening on the Mediterranean is that
when a distress signal is sent out which
happens quite often then a lot of the
ship captains in the area turn their
transponders off so that they disappear
from the radar map or you know the map
of all the ships that are cruising the
Mediterranean so that the authorities
can't ask them to go and rescue because
they don't want to lose a day of their
travel time for a rescue be taken off
course and have to then you know take
these people to Sicily or wherever to
dump them there so the commercial ships
themselves are reluctant to participate
in this and I think you know from their
perspective they would see it as
international problem and they would say
hey we pay taxes our companies pay taxes
in our countries you know that's what
the Navy and the Coast Guard is for it's
up to them to do it all right that's
disheartening but true so thank you yeah
well I think that's all of our callers
and my Corrections I mean you are right
you're good at this so thanks for
joining the show today Simon I'm
anything you want to say to the people
at home before we sign off yeah so if
you haven't seen the documentary we've
been talking about for the last
half an hour it's called the smartest
guy in the sea log on to Vice news.com
and scroll down until you see a picture
of a little boat in the sea click on
that and watch it and get with the
program see you later
the EU has already picked up 65,000
people out of the sea over the course of
the summer
Moiz has rescued far fewer people about
five thousand this year but it's played
an important role in getting the message
out about the crisis and until the
turmoil in the Middle East and Africa
ends the crisis is likely to persist
which means that there will be room on
the high seas for activists and
governments alike for a long time to
come
