Abdul Haq was soon back in London Street
preaching we went to meet him a few days
after the beheading of British aid
worker David Haines by Islamic state
militants this British man has to pay
the price for your promise Cameron to
arm the Peshmerga against Islamic state
so we just on our way to Catford South
London also has currently out on the
streets giving that one which is calling
people to Islam
back in London then yet back in London
and what sure plans out your back
there's two front lines in Islam and
that's the front of the dowel or the
front of the jihad as a dye you love the
dour somehow come back and engage in the
down so what is different leaflets so
this one is the non-muslims imagine a
society imagination this one's quite
relative today because yesterday David
Haines got his head removed
why couldn't David Cameron be brave
enough to stand against America and Iran
policies the point is was going out to
save these people and someone needs to
be doing that one of these he was
targeted not because an aid worker was
targeted because he was a British
citizen giving aid to the children of
Allah well I say the Muslim I said it no
caffee's innocent stop being a slave to
the rapist and a pedophiles help us to
stop the rapists and pedophiles stop
funding racism to the first time there
you go
decima if you are mostly on Christie
archery I'm dissing kattiline and this
is not an action mm Express machine
first of all what does democracy say
about pedophiles get them food coma shot
that's not gonna stop it under Islam
pedophiles receive the death sentence
the Christians don't have a solution for
society
the Jews do have suicide so Muslims do
I'm proud to live in England London I've
been living in here for 15 years and
I've been learn the way you live
that's semi-definite Spanish I cannot
put my load on my way of living in here
I cannot do that instead moving people
to do is our country always and you come
in to enjoy your ways not to change the
main obscene come today
it was the destined gospel work
SoC
that's how it goes in it whenever you're
running with something that is truthful
or you're rendering something that's
powerful the messages don't want to
don't want to give it a turn the point
of it is I'm not a radicalist why I am
I'm a purist I take Islam in the pure
form and if the people want to be angry
being arrested to it I don't really care
because my purpose of my life is would
one a lot of pressure Allah
