it's Friday August 14 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines the US has
begun using a base in southern Turkey to
launch manned airstrikes against the
Islamic state u.s. warplanes took off
from injure lick Air Base bound for
targets in Syria and Iraq the location
of the base drastically cuts the
distance jets have to fly
turkey had been reluctant to let the
us-led coalition conduct bombings from
its territory but reversed its decision
last month
residents in northern China have been
forced to relocate after two explosions
ripped through an industrial city on
wednesday more than 5,000 people are
staying in temporary shelters while some
sleep at a nearby school local
volunteers distributed food and medical
supplies for the displaced the blast was
so large that satellites could detect it
from space at least 50 people including
12 firefighters were killed and more
than 700 injured police in the Peruvian
capital destroyed almost 9,000 pounds of
drugs on Thursday cocaine marijuana and
opium were among those burned
authorities have incinerated more than
35,000 pounds of narcotics so far in
2015 the UN says Peru has climbed the
drug supply chain and is one of the
world's top cocaine producers scientists
at johns hopkins university may have
discovered the physical marker of
post-traumatic stress disorder in combat
soldiers a distinct pattern of broken
nerve fibers was observed in army
veterans who had survived bomb blasts
researchers found the damage in the
frontal lobe that's very important
because this is the site this is the
center of the executive functions of the
brain functions that allow you to put
your life together organized plan ahead
doctors hope the new find will improve
brain injury treatments check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world petrova chiquito
decreasing say casa y tienen tus hijos y
quondam bottom tomar tambien con uno
puede ok no estudia tipo no la gracias a
ok pues no tiene lo b√°sico case una
mano he'd opieop a trabajar por que de
en rio no tenemos nada somos humildes
pero su
