anyone sort of who was involved in the
protest anyone who had a high profile
was was targeted but I think that fear
became so pronounced that even regular
citizens who might not have been active
in the protest or just simply disagreed
with a third mandate we're just scared
to speak hey guys this is Danny Gold's
producer and correspondent for vice news
I just returned from a trip to Burundi
where we were reporting on the
presidential elections and the disputed
nature of them and all the sort of chaos
surrounding what was going on I'm here
to take your questions about what's
happening in Burundi what we saw there
and what we think is gonna happen in the
future so let's get started yeah yeah
let's get started then thanks for being
here we've got a bunch of people who
were lined up to call our to speak with
you today some of them they're dealing
with some connections issues so we're
gonna try to get even more people to
talk to you while we're live let's start
with our first caller and that's Trevor
thank you
good good first of all thanks so much
for having me my question my first
question is what do you think about the
dynamic between the political corruption
of the the ruling party and how that
interacts with the ongoing
socio-economic crisis oh that's a really
good question you know we didn't have
too much time to dive deep into that but
there's a there's a feeling amongst
everyone on the ground especially once
the opposition that the ruling party is
sort of enriching themselves at the cost
of everyday citizens in Burundi you know
Burundi is one of the poorest countries
in the world a lot of people quote the
statistic that 80 percent of the country
is living on less than $2 a day and a
lot of Burundians look to their neighbor
Rwanda and sort of see all the
development that's happened there since
their conflict ended and they questioned
why that same development hasn't reached
Burundi I know and one of the biggest
issues there is the lack of lack of jobs
and the economy sort of suffering and
people do place that blame on president
corn seiza and his cronies and you know
it's just a you know I don't think it
was the the major issue that that
galvanized the protest I think people
really just wanted new leaders but I
think it's one of the reasons
why they're so angry at at the president
and his party is that sort of lack of
economic development you know people
talk about uh this this third term as a
major issue but when we talk to people
on the streets and got away from
politics
number one thing mentioned was the lack
of jobs and the lack of opportunity and
that's they directly attribute that -
nakorn Tizi
and his party who think they think are
unfairly enriching themselves well all
the rest of the country suffers
interesting thing that I noticed from
the dispatches was how engaged all the
civil society was especially when you
compare that with the stats about you
know access to education
I mean it just seemed like everyone was
incredibly well informed and organizing
pretty inspiring way yeah I mean
everyone there um seemed to be extremely
politically active much more so than
than you find in America people really
care deeply about what was going on I
think the I mean from what I was told
you know I'm not an expert on it the
emergence of civil society in Burundi
has been a really great accomplishment
you know it wasn't a place especially
with media as well the emergence of a
free media you know they're coming out
of a decades-long conflict and this sort
of the civil society groups have emerged
on their own and they're engaged and
they're active and no matter what
neighborhood you would go to you would
find people who had a lot to say about
what was going on unfortunately a lot of
people that were leaders in civil
society had to flee the country because
they were under direct threat for
speaking out for being against the third
mandate and for just having opinions
that differ from that of the ruling
party so you know civil society there is
going to suffer and you can see now I
know a prominent human rights activist
was just targeted for assassination so
it's a very dangerous situation for
people who have stayed inside the
country that are involved in stuff
Society but if you watch our first
dispatch we interviewed a young woman
named Kelly Nikki bond a who is a poet
and you know just took it upon herself
to be politically active and to organize
a woman's protest and there's there's
there's tons of people out there in
Burundi who are just really really
motivated and really want to see their
country prosper and do better and
unfortunately are dealing with a really
situation one thing I was interested in
is well but to have your take on kind of
the urge do you see any of the early
seeds of what could be called genocide I
know in 1972 and again in 1993 very
conscious that's their historical
context what do you think maybe the
differences are what is your feeling I
mean when you're dealing with with this
region there's always gonna be
underlying ethnic issues but this
political crisis you know I I think a
lot of people have Trump did that and
you know it very well could happen I
didn't really see much evidence of that
you know no one really spoke along
ethnic lines for the most part you're
gonna see that stuff on Twitter you're
gonna see from propagandist you're gonna
have to see it on people who want to sow
discord among the the population but I
didn't really get into any conversations
people where they were deliberately you
know saying anything about Hutus or
Tutsis there were you know there were
always rumors and there was always talks
and I think that that's going to be an
issue of course but this is a political
crisis it's not an ethnic crisis the
ruling party members of the ruling party
have made attempts to sort of either
directly accuse or imply that that
there's a you know sort of initially
with some of the to tease that that that
are involved but I really that's not a
feeling that you get when you're on the
ground of something that's happening
right now at this moment so I wouldn't I
wouldn't use the word genocide I
wouldn't use the word I wouldn't use the
term sort of a you know ethnic conflict
at this moment you know I can't predict
the future could always happen I just
didn't see the signs that it was going
to happen while I was there many people
are saying it's almost a step forward
you see many of the protester you know
who tuned in to tea side-by-side do you
think there are any parallels between
the runner up great and the intercom way
of Rwanda I mean that's a that's a
parallel that's brought up quite often I
mean if you're talking about sort of so
the embroidery curry aren't exactly a
militia you know they're just the youth
members of a party there are factions of
them that have been armed that have been
carrying out attacks
that's a parallel that people have drawn
I think and I think the reason people
draw these parallels is to sort of get
attention to
situation that people are ignoring and
the easiest way to do that is to sort of
emphasize the potential for violence and
the potential for ethnic conflict cuz
that is what draws Westerners attention
you know they know what Hutu and Tutsi
is they don't know what the cndd-fdd the
main political party there is or at the
FNL the main opposition party is but I
don't know I don't think you can really
make those comparisons right right now
and what do you think about
international pressure what the EU has
on its plate at this point you know all
these different countries pulling
funding when you know Burundi has so
much of its of this budget by foreign
funding what are they gonna do if this
goes I mean I don't know I mean you've
seen strong combinations about the
elections not being free and fair people
urging the currencies not to run but it
all seems sort of impotent at this point
it just seems like he doesn't care and
there's not enough sway that they have I
think the funding issue could become
could become a big problem but right now
it does an international pressure
doesn't seem to be having any effect at
all on what's going on there anything
else
I mean I'm we're heading we're hitting
everything right now I'm actually gonna
gonna thank you Trevor and we're gonna
thank you fabric human thanks for coming
on Danny were getting a lot of tweets
and we got the suite from Elizabeth
Horton that I want you to take a look at
what was you you dressed this a little
bit but what was your sense of women's
participation in the political process
and the protests at what you were in
Burundi well you know if you watch that
interview Katie she had organized the
woman's only protest um I mean the sad
truth is that further for most of the
time we were there there were very few
protests they had been repressed so
violently and there was such fear of
what could happen that we didn't see
many protests besides in a few days the
election day and and right afterwards
and there were woman presence you know
in the streets I didn't see a major
major presence but it was it's hard for
me to judge that because we didn't see
that many protests at all
and the political process I mean was
just completely overshadowed by this
fear of what was going on it just you
know I couldn't really I can't really
get into specifics about that based on
what we saw I know that that caddie had
made a serious effort and there were
some prominent female voices but I you
know I can't really attest to what
exactly the participation is in the
political process cool well thank you
for answering the question I hope
Elizabeth trying yeah well you did your
best that's cool let's talk to Julius
speaking of questions that you might not
be able to answer yeah I'm here hey
Julia how's it going hi Danny I'm good
for those of you who don't know Julia is
a great reporter and she was actually in
burundi with us and was very helpful at
breaking down a lot of the a lot of
stuff that happened in the months prior
to our arrival because she's been
covering it for a while so as I said I
had been in Burundi for a few months
doing some reporting and I think your
team arrived at an interesting but
mostly just a challenging time to report
there as I'm sure you noticed at that
point a lot of the local journalists
were out of jobs and Burundians
themselves were really fearful
you know they had been facing this
violent repression for any sort of
political defense and at least in my
experience I thought people were really
afraid to talk so I'm curious about how
you felt arriving on the ground there if
you were surprised by anything in
particular after you had been following
it for a couple months back home and
also just how you sort of navigated
around the challenge the fact that
nobody really wanted to talk and and you
know were those challenges anything like
challenges that you faced and other
reporting climbeth sort of like three
questions sorry no no it's a great
question it was it was really
challenging when we arrived there was
sort of a lull and everything that was
going on all the protests that have been
going on had been crushed people were
scared to talk you know if you watched a
lot of our dispatches I'm sure you had
the same problem no one wanted to show
their face
so we had a lot of shots that were just
from like here from the neck down
because people were so scared of talking
and that you know as a reporter you know
it doesn't make for a great video but
the same time you don't want to put
pressure on anyone because the risk of
of danger to them to their families is
really that strong there was such a
pervasive sense of fear across everyone
there that um that people were hesitant
talking about one situation when working
on a story involving children and safety
zones and we had it all lined up we met
the the NGO that was working on it in
the morning and the representative came
was like look we can't actually take you
there are our head has been followed by
the intelligence agency the SNR and we
just don't think it's safe right now and
that happened to us quite a few times
people who either we had interviews with
or had things scheduled with we just
couldn't do so yeah it was it was
definitely definitely very hard um it
was probably the most challenging
situation that I've that I've worked in
as a reporter in that regard just
because in most places people are very
vocal even if there's there's danger
they want to speak out you know every
now and then you've got to protect
people's identities and things of that
nature but I've never had it happening
with almost every single interview that
I did where there was that much of that
that much fear about what could possibly
happen if someone spoke out even in a
you know there's a scene where we go
talk to a we're at a rally for the CND
cndd-fdd which is the ruling party and
we try to ask a supporter of that party
why he supports that party and a member
of the the youth wing of that party
walks up in base he's like no no you
can't talk to them and you kind of see
this guy just we literally asked him why
do you support this party and we have an
argument we explain to the guy what
we're doing eventually he let the man
speak to us but um you know that's how
insane the sort of a repression was that
even supporters of the ruling party
were told not to speak with media right
and you guys were working with a pretty
well-respected local journalists are
pretty well known locals listen did he
have any insight as to exactly why
people were so fearful
in terms of like what the retribution
would be or or any tips on how to
convince people to talk and that kind of
environment I mean that's the the weird
thing I know that I mean anyone sort of
who was involved in the protests anyone
who had a high profile was was targeted
but I think that that fear became so
pronounced that uh that even regular
citizens who might not have been active
in the protest or just simply disagreed
with the third mandate we're just scared
to speak they just saw it as like anyone
who differs from the line that the
president is taking or disagrees with
him is going to be he's gonna be gone
after and I don't know whether that's
true or not but enough people believed
it where it definitely did seem like
like there was a lot of truth to it did
you have some of the senses yeah I mean
I think it's just a general culture of
seer and then there's obviously a very
healthy rumor mill going on in the
capital at least so whether or not it's
actually related to real retribution
that's going to happen or just this
culture of fear that is exacerbated by
the rumor mill and and the general
intimidation that's going on there for
sure I had a very similar experience and
I even found I mean like you said it
wasn't just the people who were openly
protesting or speaking out against the
president's third term but you know even
supporters and just you know the MDD
party members weren't even nervous about
talking to the press I mean they had
been given a pretty clear mandate from
the party not to talk to journalists
particularly you know evil foreign
journalists so I found it pretty
challenging in that regard as well yeah
I mean there was a it was it was
frustrating you know it was definitely
um you felt like you couldn't do your
job right and that uh at the same time
you don't wanna put pressure on anyone
who feels unsafe to go on camera because
it's not worth it um but I think I mean
I think everyone there I mean all our
colleagues that we spoke to everyone had
that same sense of frustration of like
how do we cover this now like what can
we do right you definitely had to get
creative any was frustrating on another
level cuz Burundians clearly have a lot
to say and there
you know in the months leading up to
that time they had been very politically
active so it was very jarring for them
to sort of suddenly not be willing to or
not able to talk to us but I actually I
have another question about some
reporting you did outside of Ferengi's I
knew you guys were in Rwanda for the
first dispatch and actually hitched
hitched a ride across this border with
you but that perspective in Rwanda I
think was unique from what a lot of us
were doing when we were in the country
at the time so I'm just curious about
how talking to the people who had
recently fled Burundi who were living
either in Kigali or in a refugee camp in
Rwanda how talking with those Burundi
and sort of shaped your view of the
conflict generally and I'm also curious
about whether or not you're still in
touch with any of them if they're
planning to go back or just how to how
they're sort of experiencing the
conflict in their country from outside
of their country now um we actually have
a clip of that do you guys want to roll
the clip of John and we met in the
Mohammed cab paloma - repairs a deal a
tornado
Vasquez yo se que la situación de SES
m'appelle ITSs in a pile a leisurely de
Partie positive signal Mellie's in bonny
aqua group the person son fini asunto
Casa la Papa mom pay RS st dou dou dou
flee may even say dobri avec Fox
Paco second is Apollonia entre le gentil
I'm on my map on holiday
GSK Mutombo yo creo que esta more may
Molina is ma is your high speed hump so
yeah I mean there was that and then
there was all the rumors that they were
hearing in the camps I'm still in touch
with a few of them they've actually I
mean they've gone to Kigali to find jobs
that young man is looking for a job at
ugali right now so they don't really see
any hope and returning even if there is
a political resolution right now but
yeah I mean I think I expected to get
there and there to be a lot more overt
sort of repression and chaos but it's
really all under the radar you know you
have the gunshots that now you're the
at night but it really wasn't uh you
could walk around during the day and
besides it being a little quiet and not
know that anything was wrong um so thank
you very much for joining us Julia I
really appreciate it and I really
appreciate all the help you gave us
while we were there as well thank you my
pleasure
all right Danny so we got a couple other
tweets I want you to take a look at this
one came in just a couple seconds ago
and you talked about this a bit but can
you talk about the state of journalism
inside of Burundi for Burundi and
journalists what's happening to
journalists who are critical of the
government that's in power and were you
ever afraid while you were reporting I
mean I know you're never afraid but um
I'm often afraid mostly though in New
York in this office yeah I mean critical
journalists are being targeted they're
being attacked some have been killed
others have been jailed and that's not a
new thing I mean that was going on here
ago two years ago recently um there was
a big assassination of the head of the
Intelligence Agency and an RFI
journalist that everyone knows that does
a great job and was very critical for
government was beaten pretty badly while
while you know taking photographs of
that so local journalists I mean we did
a our dispatch dispatch 3 was about a
local paper called you watch you which
was sort of the last of the Free Press
that was operating or independent press
that was operating and they were fearful
I mean they were scared we had a
situation when a local journalist that
we had been working alongside was was
threatened and harassed they're
extremely brave I mean as oh as a
Western reporter as a foreign journalist
there is a degree of safe that you have
working there we did have wonderful
situations where we were we were told
specifically that if we went somewhere
they would think of us as active in the
protest movement and would target us I
don't know if that was uh just you know
sort of BS threats and whether that was
real or not but uh we didn't have a
pervasive sense of fear but among local
journalists I mean it's a really really
bad situation many many have fled others
have been in prison the ones who are
still there are you know braver than
then I could say I'd ever be and you
know we interviewed the head of that
paper you watch you the local paper and
he was just like yeah we're just we're
crazy
that's the only
to explain it you know they are we went
to their offices of other journalists
enterprises that have been fire bombed
it so it's a really bad situation there
there the press freedom there is heavily
restricted and there will be I mean they
will be threatened they will be harassed
there are phone calls there there
they're targeted yeah it's bad it's very
bad well I hope that answered your
question in my last kangan dan let's say
it speaking of journalists in Burundi
let's go to Burundi right now we've got
a Ryan who's in Burundi and on skype so
let's hope his connectional it's Iran
you still there I am thanks hey all
right how's it going good thanks for
thanks for doing this thing thank you
for offer for taking the time to talk to
us well you know I've got got a number
of questions and I think you know big
the big fact there was a question in
journalism I'm glad that that others
have asked about that I'd like to ask
you well as Julie mentioned in the last
in the time that you got here I mean
it's quite a difficult time here in
Burundi we've seen I think a significant
change over the last few weeks in the
dynamic here just to illustrate that
often I would talk to young people on
the street in the early days of protests
and there was always a strong sense of
hope that the international community
would intervene that you know Samantha
power would come and save them whereas
now I talk to the kid on the street
today who actually said he was very
cheerful which struck me and he said
don't worry the president will be dead
soon
there's been a real shift and I think
strategy on some in the opposition
anyway I'm wondering in the time that
you were here did you get a sense that
there are still young people who are
interested in in negotiated solutions or
or are they really on the verge of war
it you know that's a really hard one to
answer because you did hear a lot of
talk I'm even just before I got there
there was always talk that the war was
about to start that the country was
about to be torn apart um that that
things were about to reach a fever point
and even when we talk to people in these
neighborhoods they were like it's coming
don't worry like tomorrow or next week
it's gonna happen um and after a while
that's just started to feel like like
they were just sort of holding out this
hope that that would happen I mean they
I think there was a complete uh once the
elections weren't gonna be delayed again
I think people sort of gave up hope that
there would be a political solution I
think they want a political solution I
don't think anyone there wants at once
war but um there were a lot of
Corrections for war after a while it
really seemed like the opposition just
wasn't organized well enough to pose any
sort of physical threat to what was
going on but we have the recent
assassination of Adolf shimmie Romana
who was this intelligence chief and a
lot of people think he's the one who
orchestrated all the crackdowns
all the as I'm sure you know all the
assassinations torture he's supposed to
be personally responsible for some of
the torture and he was seen like his he
was that name that was whispered in like
dark corners as being the one
responsible everyone is scared of him
and he was killed in an ambush a few
days ago by people dressed in army
clothes and that that actually shook me
I was shocked that that could happen and
now I think that that feeling just from
from the young kids I was mentioning
Mohamed that I spoke to recently from
other people that uh that everyone
thinks that that you know this there's a
war coming soon I don't know how to
gauge that I'm sure you found yourself
there's so many and there's been a few
articles written about this recently
there are so many rumors in burundi it's
it's like it's almost insane how far
things spread on Twitter about you know
rebel attacks here and this happening
and the Army's splitting and on all that
and it's really hard to gauge that even
in the country um you know you would
follow up on these things and find
nothing and it's extremely hard to gauge
so I don't I don't know I mean I'm i
think everyone hopes for a political
solution but and that seems less and
less likely and once a general odd off
got killed it just seems like
the fingers could very easily hit a hit
a downward slope and then you have
another situation where Agatha mawatha
who was head of the main opposition
party just signed up to be vice
president which is also extremely weird
and I think that people thought that he
would be the main sort of you know he's
a former militant that he would be a
sort of main leader if there was this
opposition attack and now he's a part of
the government I can't make sense of it
I mean can you there's been you know
it's a lot about Burundian politics is
is hard to make sense of I think as some
commentators that pointed out with with
Agathon Wesa he was within a tough
situation and i think he opted to become
to a certain extent part of the
political system in order for one thing
to protect himself and generally you
know his partisans FNL youth especially
really coming under fire and generally
to prepare I think he's looking ahead
now to 2020 thinking that he can have a
run at presidency done before that I
think he understood that he wasn't in a
position to do much anywhere and just a
clarifying point you wouldn't he was
elected vice president first president
of the National Assembly not vice
president of the state although his role
in the future will um it's still a bit
unclear if I may another another point I
think it's important to recall
atmosphere as I'm sure you heard you
know this crisis in Burundi and in the
discontent we see especially among
people in Bujumbura really preceded the
third term issue how this was going on
well before they were even protests you
know against the high cost of living
before April and I'm wondering in
general when you talk to especially
young people here
what were the issue that that they cited
most often as worrying outside of the
third term um jobs I mean that was it
from the start it was jobs it was a lack
of opportunity and you know a lack of
development which I think relates to two
economic factors but it was all just
like there's nothing for us here the
president and his party have done little
for us we need opportunity and we don't
have it that was I mean once you got
deeper than the third mandate that was
the jobs what was it that was the number
one thing that came up I'm being told I
think we have to move a little forward
behind schedule but uh thank you so much
for joining us um and uh yeah I
appreciate the questions and you taking
the time to help us out and stay safe
over there my pleasure thanks for having
me
yeah thanks Ryan I appreciate the extra
effort to get online missiny we get
we're getting a lot of tweets right now
and I want you to take a look at two of
them that are kind of related this one
from my mas wants to Mahima wants to
know what what influence does ethnicity
have on the political situation in the
ground we got another tweet on the same
vein asking if Burundians and others on
the ground are talking about the ethnic
divides in the country as much as the
global media is so what's your sense is
this media hype or is it actually a
ethnic divide um I mean I think there's
there's there's always gonna be that
concern when it comes to a place like
Burundi but I do think it's being talked
about more in the global media than it
is on the grounds people you know either
didn't talk about it or mention that
they were United because I think they
know that when people look to Burundi
Rwanda they don't know a lot about their
situation a lot about the situation all
they know is that Hutus Tutsis genocide
um yeah you know I I would love to say
that it is overhyped and I hope it stays
as just the thing that overrides but
like I said I can't predict the future
there's a danger that it could fall into
that but right now you know that really
wasn't even something that was mentioned
to us on the ground at all you know no
one was like Hutus are there so the two
T's are that this is all a conspiracy
theory that they're involved they're
involved it didn't seem like it seemed
like there was a sort of united front
against the third mandate or you
the front for the third mandate that
didn't have anything to do with
ethnicity of course Twitter rumors
politicians using it to further their
own agendas which i think is always the
danger that if things deteriorate you
could have people you know that's the
easiest thing for a demagogue to do is
to rally against an ethnicity to to
gather a support base of people who are
going to blindly support him or her and
there's always the danger that that
could happen we did not see that
happening when we were there and
hopefully that does not happen again but
I think also one of the reasons the
global media hype said is because it
does get attention and it does cause
people to pay attention to what's going
on in the country and of course we're
not you know when I was researching this
in January February I was very focused
on that issue but after talking to a
number of analysts and people in the
country it became clear that this wasn't
an ethic situation it was a political
situation well I hope that answers
everyone's questions I'm glad you were
able to shed some light there Danny so I
were getting near the end of their show
but we still have a couple more people
in Skype let's say to Karen
hey hey Cara for those of you don't know
Cara is what you would call an actual
expert in Burundi
she has vanilla for the Washington Post
and she was very very helpful as I was
doing research for this story
so what's Twitter carrot you Jones you
should definitely follow her if your PR
f seiei are a e jo and yes if you're
interested in Burundi she is definitely
one of the people you should follow and
you should read her work at The
Washington Post I tweet about us up to
besides this it just happens to be a
place I've invested a lot of my life in
yeah so so Danny thanks for your
monumental reporting on this as you know
I was not a huge fan of ice before I've
expressed my concern with some of the
things that you guys have done but you
guys did an absolutely fantastic job and
I'm really really glad that you guys
brought a lot of these dynamics to to
the rest of the world so so you know as
I always say on Twitter chef Oboro thank
you thank you very much yeah so I have a
question
about the rule and the regular people so
it's a Burundi you know is this really
really weird place where like most of
the population is farmers they don't
actually like participate in politics
that much Bujumbura is kind of this
weird kind of anomaly in the middle of
the sea of people who do other things so
what is the impact violence with people
how are kind of like the small you know
the pay's on handling what's going on
there um that's a really good question
and I think that you know you see the
cndd-fdd does have you know Bujumbura in
Bujumbura world the more urban areas are
are really against the third mandate
when you get we didn't spend that much
time in the in the know and the rural
areas and I wish we had but when we were
at that cndd-fdd rally one of the the
supporter who spoke to us basically was
like look we're not hiding the bush
anymore catching diseases fear for the
poor like we like the president now like
he took us out of that and they were
very very supportive of that I think
that the rumors I mean a lot of the
people that we spoke to that at fled
that were in the camps were from rural
areas because I think they're still fear
there that uh they don't know what's
coming there you know someone's the
radio stations will shut down they don't
really have a good way of finding out
what the news is so they would hear
these rumors about potential ethnic
conflict about um Valona mercury sort of
rampaging and they were they were
extremely scared about what's going on
but I think you know when it all comes
down to it most people are just
concerned with putting food on the table
security jobs and things along those
lines you know that was one of our
regrets that we didn't get up country a
little bit more and we had plans to do
that but things just kept happening in
the city that we had to stay push there
were always rumors that something was
going to happen tomorrow we didn't want
to miss anything but I mean that's you
know something that you're very engaged
in I mean how do you think things differ
in the rural areas than in the city yeah
I mean it's difficult because you always
hear that anchor in visa is incredibly
popular in the rural areas that people
love him and I mean I've done a lot of
work with him actually up country I've
been places where you know he's been
greeted you know with with open arms by
rural people but I think that dynamic is
changing I think you know people as this
conflict rides on and whatever it
because
I don't know that that's gonna stay the
same it's hard to know because you you
know you can't you guys can't work you
know people like me who do surveying
it's like that can't work and there's a
real lack of information I've been
coming from Burundi now but one of the
rumors I did want to ask you about too
is this rumor about the army so we keep
hearing that the army is very divided
that they're likely to split that
they're you know they have two mindsets
when it comes to violence against
civilians I mean did you see any of that
while you were on the ground did the
army ever target people or did they not
target people how do you see the
relationship between the army and the
population um I mean the population you
know the there were stories about the
army protecting protesters when the
police were firing on them there's
definitely a lot more anger directed
towards the police and the army you know
they're they're a pretty that they've
been trained by the Americans they seem
like quite a force when we saw them
there was a lot of them they were
heavily armed from people we spoke to on
the street you know they weren't really
there was very little anger directed at
the army and there were always rumors
that the army is going to help the
people some of the army is giving
weapons to the people and all that I
can't verify any of that that was there
was a lot of stories of that I mean
there was a rumor on Twitter yesterday
that two different army forces were
facing off at an area that was actually
right near our hotel I don't think
anything came of that but that's always
been the fear that when the army finally
splits that's what's gonna bring the
country into civil war it's hard to say
I mean we didn't see any other evidence
of that when we were covering that uh
that weird military presser when they
were like showing off the weapons you
know off-camera to a few reporters into
our driver the army guys are like none
of this is true like this is this is me
I don't know I mean there's also the
issue is if this funding stops if the
army stops being paid if they're pulled
from the African Union forces that's
could potentially lead to a lot of
unrest um but yeah I you know we didn't
see any visual evidence of the army
really splitting at all you know they
man checkpoints they were a lot easier
to deal with I think than the police
were and I think the people have a real
almost like pride like a pride in them
and they're seen as a unifying force but
uh
yeah again there's this rumors we didn't
really get to you know they weren't
really talking to press we didn't get to
dive too far into it but from initial
impressions you know I didn't see it I
think it definitely there I'm sure there
are splits in there was a coup attempt
um and I think this this this killing of
General odd off to could have a lot of
you know a lot of a lot of consequences
and you know they say that the people
who killed them were dressed in army
fatigues who knows who they were there
they could have been I mean those rumors
they were Rwandan agents it could have
been a rogue group there was also rumors
too that like um battalions in this part
of the country were breaking off and all
that you know it was hard to verify any
of that it doesn't seem like that happen
otherwise I'm sure there would have been
a lot more violence that would have
occurred but it was very hard to gauge
exactly what that situation was with the
army well I know we're running out of
time so I'm just gonna ask you a fun
questions yes what's your what's your
favorite Burundian beer well I mean
Primus was the was the great force
previous famous previous was a beer of
choice for everyone um broody actually
like I mean where we were staying
the French expat community has done a
great job and my fixer too was just like
a big wine guy so we actually ended up
drinking a lot of red wine in Verde
which I didn't it's really hot you would
not expect that but there was a lot of a
lot of wine flowing much more so than
beer but I definitely recommend that if
you are gonna drink some of the Lakeside
club's Bora Bora sit there watch the
sunset it's very a very beautiful
location um that's the thing too that
like I didn't know before I got there
Bhushan Bora I mean before this crisis
and hopefully after it's over yeah it's
like an insane party town yeah everyone
was like all the UN people were like
yeah everyone comes over from coma from
Kigali and we were aged to like 8
o'clock in the morning I don't think
people know that about Burundi but like
yeah we went out to like a few of the
clubs and it was a very toned down
atmosphere but you could definitely tell
that like when times are calm there it's
definitely a place you want to go on
vacation yeah you guys will have to come
back when the music scene is up and
going because the music scene there is
pretty killer yeah yeah I mean we heard
we heard our driver played the same 7
tracks over and over and over only half
of which were Salon Dion Shalini
Salon Taeyang but um the other half were
like really good local Burundian a lot
of Congolese music - I got really into
French rap I don't speak a word of
French really but I'm gonna learn it
just so I can understand the French rap
songs because they all sound like
they're saying fantastic things well
thank you for joining us and thank you
so much for all your help in our
research leading up to this and for um
you know really really giving us your
insight and helping out and supporting
us while we're there we really
appreciate it and uh yeah hopefully
things will calm down and we can go
celebrate on the shores of a lake and
have a good time any time
all right thanks Kerry for coming on so
Danny we're just about the end of show
but we got it we got a lot of really
good tweets so I just want to have you
addressed these two - when these issues
that they're bringing up I'm not gonna
attempt to pronounce this name I'm sorry
but Danny do you think the international
community will intervene in Burundi
before the country collapses and also
how is the international community
specifically Burundi's neighbors in
Africa affected by the crisis and do you
think that those nations might be
intervening in woundes affairs one at a
time you're overwhelming me right now
let me think so I'm a whore oh you watch
oh actually means Omaha Romans Peace and
community and in watch who means home I
believe I just wanted to point that out
to show how much I know um I don't think
the international community will
intervene before Burundi collapses if it
is going to collapse
I think that unfortunately there's just
not enough self interest for the
international community to intervene and
they don't seem to have taken an
aggressive approach
besides issuing stern condemnation
maybe the UN but I feel like the UN has
its hands full in that region in general
but I doubt it unfortunately I don't
think there's enough like I said there's
not enough self-interest Burundi doesn't
have enough natural resources for people
to exploit but I mean there's hope that
that the African Union that the EAC the
East African community could get
involved and and try to negotiate
something but I don't if it hasn't
happened now I don't see it happening
of course if things do end up the worst
of the worst happens and it does become
an ethnic conflict there's always a
chance that that people will sort of pay
more attention to that as far as the
discern nation's favor one side when
people ask about certain nations they're
always talking about Rwanda and that is
sort of the elephant in the room people
on the ruling party side are always
accusing Rwanda of fomenting conflict of
supporting the coup and further coup
attempts and destabilization they
occasionally they'll say by name most of
times they try not to it's um it's hard
to gauge I mean Rwanda has definitely
issued statements saying that they would
be willing to get involved if they felt
like the Tutsi population was being
targeted or if they felt like it was
going to destabilize the region which it
does has the but it does have the
potential to do um but uh if they do
favor one if other nations favor one
side you know no one's really of course
Uganda was heavily involved in the in
these negotiations that were going on
before the election and they didn't seem
to really put up much of a fuss about
currencies uh staying in power but um
the big question is of course we wanta
how they're involved if they're involved
if they're gonna get more involved that
is the number one question I think on
everyone's mind there's a million rumors
about that I can't verify any of them
there was a rebel attack while we were
there that allegedly the people crossed
in the rebels cross in from the Rwandan
border if that if they did cross them
from Rondon border it's very unlikely
that Rwanda did not know that they were
doing that um but of course we don't
know whether Wanda was supporting them
in any sort of way or whether they just
sort of allow it to happen we don't even
know if they did cross in it from the
Rwandan border that is you know that is
the number one question on everyone's
mind I keep repeating that because I'm
running out of things to say but also
because it is very important if this
thing does devolve further into chaos
Rwanda is going to play a very prominent
role but we're just not exactly sure
what that role will be alright Danny
well listen I'm sure you could talk
about this all day but I think we're
this is the end of our show so
once you say goodbye to everyone at home
and tell us if you're planning on
following up on the story guys um thank
you very much for tuning in we will of
course keep following up on this story
we're in contact with our people there
if you know things uh turn out like
sorry excuse me if things look like
they're gonna devolve even further I
think we'll definitely be headed back
but who knows what's gonna happen in the
future the hope of course is that things
will resolve but we'll see things seem
to be spiraling a little more out of
control right now than when we were
there thank you again for joining us
thank you for paying attention please go
to buy snooze calm watch our dispatches
over and over and over sell them to your
friends your family maybe a girl you
like maybe a boy you like your
co-workers mass emails things of that
nature just send a link out tweet about
it Facebook snapchat Spotify whatever
just do that please to the next week on
the line at the same time I don't know
who the guests will be if we can't find
anyone I will be discussing beard
grooming tips for those of you at home
that are interested we're just gonna do
that thanks everyone for watching thanks
again the election may be over you know
who the winner is gonna be but anger is
still really high people here are not
happy that the killings have continued
