it's Friday August 7th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines looters
are increasingly targeting shops across
Venezuela an economic crisis has caused
a shortage of goods resulting in long
lines and leading some to ransack stores
in one incident last week a man was
killed and 60 were arrested the
government claims the unrest is part of
an economic war and says they're
subsidised grocery stores have reduced
poverty and hunger India has rescued
hundreds of child labourers more than
500 kids were placed in shelters last
month under operations carried out by
the federal government many children
were found working in railway stations
factories and at bus stops officials say
the number of underage workers has
dropped by nearly 10 million since 2001
towns in northern Mali have reported
severe water shortages access to wells
have been cut off by recent fighting and
a long drought has limited rainfall the
Red Cross has provided for water trucks
but locals say that's done little to
help Mali's rainfall has dropped by 30
percent in the last decade and droughts
have become longer and more frequent
Latin America's longest bike lane is
coming to Rio de Janeiro
work has begun to expand the current
route by nearly 20 percent to 281 miles
the local government hopes to have it
completed by 2016 just in time for the
Summer Olympics biking has gained
popularity in recent years there's
already 60 stations across the city's
bike share program and that number is
expected to triple in the coming years
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world just
behind us here you can see regime
positions you see the regime flag how is
the relationship between your fighters
here and the regime just across the road
been open in Iran I never talked about
to had a minute what now I gotta make
the shot above water son I did what you
told well sa maa Jo area of Italian
Mantovani Alamo I'm at the shop o Allah
may tomorrow
