we wanted to find out more about who
these girls were and what might have
drawn them to Syria so we headed to meet
Randy the older sister of Shamima a
solicitor hasni Macungie joined us
around nine ten o'clock we had three
officers come around and then asked
where had she gone you know what has she
dress what was she wearing the passport
was missing and para bangles are missing
just about two to three hundred pounds
he said at that point that she was in
Turkey my first thought was what the
hell is she doing in Turkey I wouldn't
describe her as adventurous at all she
doesn't like to go by herself to Bethnal
Green to buy a pint of milk for me to
think okay she's flown all the way to
Turkey he's just he's just like and she
liked reading she liked watching TV just
did normal stuff that normal people do
she was a brilliant children know in a
million years of my thinking she's going
to run off to join Isis or something no
she wasn't she started wearing a scarf
probably in year ten because my mom
asked she and my mom would kind of have
to nag her to pray and she would pray
what possessed her to make that journey
is something that we still constantly
keep asking ourselves we're assuming
it's all happened through their mobile
devices now and maybe in school to us it
could have only been one of those two
places where they actually planned all
of this
the biggest question for us is where did
they get the funding from to make such a
huge trip and they pocket money isn't
enough to get him out there so someone
else is in on it everybody saying the
families must have known but hold on the
school did know the police did know they
kept us out of the loop
I understand if they were to say okay
the family should have monitored the
more I agree to that maybe we should
have kept a closer eye on that kids but
what do look out for what is radicalism
how do I know that someone's being
radicalized what are the signs of it I
still don't know with a lack of faith in
the police investigation the family's
lawyers had been collated some
potentially relevant details for himself
he was prepared to show us some of what
he had found one of the documents that
we found was notes on on how to crate so
it appears that going from the very very
basic the very fundamentals all the way
up to moving off on taking a flight to
Syria was a very accelerated process
also this is not a handwriting it may
well be something that's relevant line
of inquiry for officers
you
