it's Tuesday on his fourth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
syrian army fighter jet crashed into a
busy marketplace in the country's
northwest on Monday killing at least 27
people the plane had reportedly dropped
a bomb on the rebel-held city of Eddie
ha before it crashed witnesses said it
wasn't shot down the government has
increased aerial bombings around the
area in recent weeks to regain lost
ground at least 46 people have died in
flash floods and landslides after a
monsoon hit Myanmar water levels reached
14 feet in the western rakhine state
almost a million acres of farmland and
rice paddies have been damaged and
200,000 people have been forced to flee
their homes Myanmar only has basic
supplies and medical facilities making
the recovery effort a major test for the
country the Hungarian army has begun
building a controversial fence on the
country's southern border with Serbia
officials want the nearly 13 foot high
wall completed by the end of August it's
designed to curb the flow of migrants
trying to reach the European Union more
than a hundred thousand people mostly
from Syria Iraq and Afghanistan have
entered Hungary in 2015 Gaza's first
seaside vacation spot has opened along
the Mediterranean coast rooms can go for
as much as a hundred sixty dollars a
night at the blue beach resort visitors
say it's a far cry from the hustle and
bustle of the crowded Gaza Strip it took
seven years to build the resort despite
an Israeli blockade which restricts the
flow of construction materials
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
British intelligence services know even
more than I know that I'm of no friction
in whatsoever the point of it is I'm not
a radical is why I am a my purest I take
Islam in the Pure Food and if the people
have been angry being arrested to it I
don't really care cuz my purpose of my
life is would run a lot of pressure of a
lot
