with regard to the FRC's I think the
best way to describe them is to be more
like a summer camp Senate Judiciary
Committee members got their first real
chance today the question officials from
five different government agencies
involved in separating families after
they crossed the border and now trying
to reunify them it's the only real
substantial action Congress has taken in
the nearly three months since the Trump
administration zero-tolerance policy
kicked in and after three and a half
hours of questions
the Senators didn't come up with many
answers okay what percentage of the
people who are let out after 20 days
actually show up with their hearings I
don't have that number in front of me
but we certainly get it with a small
percent it's a small it's a small
percentage what are the number of
children under five who have been
reunified sir I don't have that number
with me I'm sorry we did learn that
Immigration and Customs Enforcement
doesn't seem to think there's a problem
with facilities where families are held
that contradicts reporting on unsanitary
and unsafe conditions as well as
allegations some children are being
abused and migrant women are being
sexually assaulted while in Isis care
our family's residential centers as with
all of our detention facilities undergo
a very rigorous inspection process an
oversight process any allegations of
abuse or wrongdoing that occurs in any
detention facility to include the FRC's
is automatically reported to our joint
intake center with regard to the FRC's I
think the best way to describe them is
to be more like a summer camp we also
learned that the Department of Health
and Human Services warned the Trump
administration against pursuing the
zero-tolerance policy and they went
along with it anyway any member of this
panel say to anyone maybe this isn't
such a good idea
commander we raised a number of concerns
you told the administration that kids
would suffer there's no question that
separation of children from parents
entails significant potential for
traumatic psychological injury to the
child but the biggest takeaway none of
the officials think this was a good
policy let me ask this panel who here
thinks that zero tolerance has been a
success
you can just raise your hand if you
think it's been a success who thinks
that the family separation policy has
been a success raise your hand but
nobody will take responsibility for it
what went wrong
sir it's it's our responsibility in CBP
to make the apprehensions and turn
subjects over to our partners at ice and
and/or HHS so as far as you're concerned
nothing went wrong it's McHenry what
went wrong I'd have to defer to my
colleagues responses because they're on
the front lines you wash your hands of
this one huh
miss Higgins what went wrong our role in
the process is a very narrow one so I
would have to defer to my colleagues on
the logistics of the the policies in
place today
regardless of who in Washington takes
the blame for separating families
children caught in the middle might
never get over what they've been through
trauma doesn't end when they see their
parents and for some children that may
still be far off government lawyers say
that Immigration and Customs Enforcement
and the Office of refugee resettlement
met last Thursday's deadline to reunite
the 2634 children who were separated
from their parents at the border this is
only sort of true as of yesterday almost
2,000 children had been reunited but
about a quarter of all kids are still
not with their parents and that's
because the government never counted
them for the purposes of this deadline
of the hundreds of children with parents
deemed ineligible for reunification a
handful of cases are still under review
others had a red flag come up in their
file this could be criminal history or
evidence that creates doubt about
paternity or Maternity the children of
these parents remain in government
contracted shelters under the custody of
orr another hundred and twenty children
have a parent who signed a form saying
that they didn't want to be reunified
but the American Civil Liberties Union
questions whether these parents knew
what they were signing attorneys working
with the ACLU have identified a handful
of parents who say they definitely want
to get back with their kids but the
largest group by far are the 486
children whose parents are missing
entirely the majority of these kids have
a parent who's already been deported and
for a few of them their parents are
somewhere in the country but out of
touch with ice with the limited
information they have date and location
of removal maybe a phone number of a
family member the government in the ACLU
will have to track down each parent and
find out if they want their children
sent to them or left in the u.s. to
pursue their own immigration cases a
federal judge pressed the government on
the whereabouts of the rest of the kid's
parents and gave government lawyers
until tomorrow to provide a list of all
families that weren't reunited and why
the government's lawyers continue to
tout their progress in reuniting
families but by declaring hundreds of
parents ineligible all they really did
was succeed
in meeting the benchmarks they set for
themselves
you
