however called the police no I think the
police are inherently prejudiced I've
never met a bad cop they are not good
people just because you're wearing a
blue uniform people hate you
vice news has been going around the
world talking to people about the big
issues and how they think and you should
cover them this month we've asked you to
share your opinions on the police and
the role they play in our societies if
you want to get involved in the
conversation you can do it for the Skype
video message or with the hashtag vice
news I think the police play a really
big role in society particularly as
preventers of crime and upholders of law
and order I think the main role that
police should play is to help people who
need help it's the police's job to solve
crime we are necessary for a functioning
society in theory the police is there to
make sure people follow the law the law
is there to protect the citizens so if
the question works then the police
protects the citizens I feel that in
general Mexicans have a negative
perspective regarding law enforcement in
Ukraine there's too much problems with
police I live in Kenya and unfortunately
the police back home serve the
politicians and the people in power the
press in Vietnam are against us I
wouldn't a really nice neighborhood I
wish the police officers they way back
they they seem to be friendly I mean
that's not true for every neighborhood I
know that I never called the police but
I think I would have any problem to call
and if I needed to
I have called the police recently I was
mugged in the middle of the night and
the police responded fairly quickly and
you know it was sorted out rather well
growing up in East Oakland that was
played with gun violence often times I
call the police
they don't show up I don't trust them
and I don't like them and if I see them
across the street I run through the
other way I've been stopping search on a
number of occasions growing up and
whether I like it or not it has given me
a better taste of the police as soon as
I became a licensed driver
the police were a terrifying force in my
life even if you do nothing wrong you
are constantly anticipating that you'll
be pulled over there's been so much
racial profiling and targeting's for
black ethnic minorities I think the
shooting of Mike Brown in America has
definitely opened a lot of people's eyes
to the aggressive policing tactics
Oakland mistakes it doesn't take a
Twitter feed for us to know that we are
unlawfully staff surged seized on a
regular basis you'll think about it and
lost this on the news and one that does
he was like holy this you know that
could like I've been walking down the
street and something that happens and
it's not scary I guess you know white
people had to see somebody die on camera
for it to really be a major issue I do
feel in some respects I do for quite
sorry for the police force because there
is this general feeling of animosity but
we've toured them it's tough to put
myself in the shoes of a police officer
who me especially in a place like
Chicago like you've got a target on your
back I can only imagine the stress they
go through on a daily basis I said he
don't think their own image will be
helped by walking around London streets
like a massive Kalashnikovs police have
too many weapons they should only have a
Taser maybe I can't imagine that a
police force would survive a day in any
major city if they were on
because you're never gonna unarmed
civilians I don't think every cop in the
nation needs a tank where's this
budget coming from the viola stuff it's
is that completely necessary is there a
better way to spend that money in terms
of police using force you know I think
the only situation where it's warranted
is where you know someone's life is
being threatened they should be trained
not to use force but I think they should
use it only to avoid bigger violence if
it's there to stop someone from harming
others venire I completely see the logic
and rationale for the police to be able
to use force until then I don't buy it
you
