it's Friday July 31st and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
Ezreal Parliament has passed a
controversial law which would allow
hunger strikers in prison to be
force-fed officials have long been
concerned that imprisoned Palestinians
refusing to eat could die and trigger
mass protests in the West Bank and Gaza
Israel's Medical Association considers
forced feeding as a form of torture and
urges doctors not to carry out the
procedure a landslide in Nepal has
killed at least 30 people torrential
rain triggered the disaster near the
popular Annapurna trekking group about
80 miles northwest of the Capitol
restoration shovels and food bowls to
dig out victims the risk of landslides
has increased this year as a result of
two powerful earthquakes that hit in
April and May
Myanmar's president has ordered a mass
release of political prisoners in the
country the nearly 7,000 freed included
top members of the country's military
intelligence were purged more than a
decade ago more than 150 Chinese workers
sentenced to life for illegal logging
were also released the pardons coincided
with a Buddhist religious holiday and
come ahead of a general election in
November tropic along a major highway
leading into Buenos Aires ground to a
halt on Thursday bus drivers blocked
part of the road as part of the protest
they're demanding higher wages and lower
taxes the standoff began in June when 53
workers were laid off more than 250,000
riders are affected by the strike each
day
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
