it's Tuesday July 28 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines heavily
armed police stand guard outside
kuwait's grand mosque following a deadly
bombing that hit the country last month
the increased security measures involved
frisking checkpoints and scans with
metal detectors police also searched
every car heading into the area 27
Shiite worshippers were killed when a
suicide bomber from the Islamic state
blew himself up inside the imam sadiq
nas fresh farmers blocked border
crossings to germany on monday angry
over what they say is unfair competition
protesters claim their neighbor employs
cheap Eastern European labor giving them
an advantage over France the French
demonstrators could be seen checking
trucks to make sure they held no
agricultural produce from Germany before
letting them in
forensic experts began removing rubble
from what could be one of Colombia's
largest mass graves an estimated 300
people are believed to be buried in lost
from brera landfill on the outskirts of
Medellin right-wing paramilitaries
allegedly carried out the killings when
they took control of the area in 2002
relatives of the disappeared gathered
near the site and said they hope that
justice will be realized
thousands of displaced and separated
children have been reunited with their
families in South Sudan one of the
biggest reunions recently took place
when UNICEF located the relatives of 18
miners the aid agency uses an
open-source mobile phone system to
collect and share information on
unaccompanied kids in the country UNICEF
is registered nearly 9,000 separated
South Sudanese youths since the program
began in 2013 check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world 18 minutes passed from the
moment that they lose visual contact
with chopper was mine up until when
guards went and check on him so
obviously there's some negligence or
just you know maybe in combatants or
just maybe there was all part of one
plan to let him free and to let him have
a head start let's say against anyone
who might be chasing him
