I think there will be more violence in
the future that you are reading we see
Russia and even Vanina - ha ha ha bah
bah bah bah Geneva herecan above our
garage Banaras penis inverted are we
gonna go magical who coronated
despite the fact that the election
happened two days ago the targeted
killings seem to have not stopped last
night a member of the FN L which is the
main opposition party was killed
we're here right now as they're taking
his body to the cemetery
tensions are very high the FN l itself
used to be one of the biggest opposition
parties it was split by the cndd-fdd the
ruling party - - with one of them
becoming a puppet party so now they've
sort of lost some of their power but
they still maintain a very strong
support base it's important to remember
too that the FN l was a former rebel
group and they too have been accused of
X traditional killings in the past few
years the election may be over we know
who the winner is going to be but anger
is still really high people here are not
happy that the killings have continued
so these mass demonstrations had mostly
stopped in the weeks leading up to the
election because of all the repression
going on but the last few days because
of the killing of opposition activists
it seems that people are furious again
and they're back out in the streets and
the demonstrations have been galvanized
once again what's the feeling here right
now what's the situation yes during the
night during the day so this is caution
you see here you see we want to show the
Russian the world the pain for a while
it seemed like the protests had stopped
and the past few days we've seen many
things like this now this is the
beginning so we are going are you gonna
respect the results of the election we
are
when you were a kid
after a very long March we've arrived to
the cemetery for the burial the
opposition member that was killed last
night we've also heard a rumor that
another opposition member was killed
earlier this morning meanwhile on the
way here we passed a police truck they
had a coffin they were burying a police
officer who was killed the night before
the elections
no kirijo Romania data era to voy a new
anorexic a new coach reducer guy you
know Sao quit Agora got a guru mutiny we
mean a chalky tumor where they are again
CV wet paper bag and over here by two
sons became marijuana while Shaka do
single to serve Imani has a gear Aquino
Carranza - great - movie camo
can you tell us what happened do you
know who it was that that killed him do
you think that there will be justice and
evil Vanina - yes ah ha ha ha ba ba ba
Raja nueva herecan above our garage
Guanabara spindles and what is the
Arbutin whenever magical book foreigners
move illogical
we're here where the election results
are about to be announced I don't think
anyone has any doubt about who is gonna
win international agencies have pretty
much unanimously condemned the election
as not being free and fair there are
talks right now ongoing in the
government a forming some sort of you
the results have been announced
president currencies are won with 69% of
the total vote winning 16 of 18
provinces and agathor massa took second
winning 92% of the total vote and taking
Bujumbura and Bujumbura rural according
to the election results 73% of the
population voted so yeah no real
surprises there except for the the total
percentage of people who voted and
that's if you believe the government
statistics unfortunately nearly everyone
does not there doesn't seem to be much
of a change of atmosphere or anything
really visible in the streets that's
showing what's what's just happened or
reactions to watch this happens so we're
just going to go around to some of the
opposition neighborhoods and some of the
neighborhoods that are loyal to the
cndd-fdd and see what people have to say
Maryna reimu saga which has been the
scene of fierce protests the past few
months it's a heavily opposition
neighborhood there's police everywhere
and most of the young residents we spoke
to said they don't respect the the
election results and that it was a
competition between one man you think it
was just uh it was not a fair election
did you did anyone you know in this
neighborhood go to vote I think that no
one and we know there's been there's
been a lot of violence in the lead-up to
the election a lot of protest what do
you think will happen between now and
the inauguration of new currencies at
first their term do you think there's
gonna be more violence I think you can
in the future thank you my lady
we see do you have hope for peace in
Burundi's future
we're here right now at a bar and
commend gay it's a neighborhood that's
known for having a strong base of
support for the cndd-fdd a lot of people
here tell us that they're so happy they
would even vote for a fourth mandate for
the core in seiza but only one of them s
agreed to talk to us and she wants to
hide her identity so we're gonna go in
and talk to her right now so you're
you're very happy that occur in season
one yeah the time before this we were in
mu saga and the people there say they
don't respect the election they don't
think it was fair what do you think
about this yeah I'm upset me that much
together poops in minute way that Twiggy
comments we do it yeah so what do you
think will happen now we know there have
been protests there's been some violence
do you think everything will be peaceful
now or do you think there's going to be
some more protests in the future tree
tomato Yankee Candle and Ginny's conduct
away with the NS
you
