it's Thursday July 23rd and here sends
the news beyond the headlines a recent
wave of attacks by Boko Haram has forced
thousands of Nigerians to flee into
neighboring is Aaron the militant group
has killed hundreds in recent weeks in
retaliation for a regional offensive
that began earlier this year Nazir has
declared a state of emergency to tackle
the growing humanitarian crisis about a
hundred and fifty thousand people have
fled into the country's southeast over
the past two years
gun-wielding volunteers are standing
guard outside military recruiting
centers across the u.s. it comes after a
deadly shooting last week four Marines
and one sailor were killed in the attack
on a Naval Reserve Center in Chattanooga
Tennessee officers aren't allowed to
carry or conceal weapons inside
recruiting stations so the armed
citizens are on alert in case a similar
incident occurs I have the biggest fight
me bigger than your nod mounds of
garbage are piling up on the streets of
Beirut trash collectors have nowhere to
put the waste since the city's main
landfill was ordered to close residents
had complained that it was too close to
housing communities and caused illnesses
workers are spraying the garbage with
powder to mask the odors until solution
is found a Koran manuscript found at the
University of Birmingham is among the
oldest surviving copies in the world a
process known as radiocarbon dating
showed the fragments are at least 1370
years old that's within a few years of
the actual founding of Islam researchers
say it could have been written by
someone who knew the Prophet Muhammad
the manuscript was part of a collection
of documents acquired in the 1920s by an
Iraqi priest check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world if you're watching this
program chances are you identify as a
member of the middle class because
almost all Americans do with all this
talk of the rich getting richer the poor
getting poorer are you in danger of
falling out of the middle class and is
the chance at a middle class lives that
foundational American ideal disappearing
