it's wednesday july twenty second and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines one of the most recognizable
symbols of the palestinian resistance is
now punishable by up to 20 years in
prison Israeli lawmakers have approved
legislation that imposes harsher
penalties for protesters caught throwing
rocks the vote follows a recent wave of
Palestinian demonstrations many of which
have resulted in clashes with police the
ruling covers East Jerusalem but not the
occupied West Bank which remains largely
under the military's jurisdiction
researchers at the University of Cape
Town are developing the first single
dose cure for malaria conventional
treatments are effective but only until
the parasites develop a resistance the
team says a promising new compound in
their drug instantly kills the stubborn
parasites potential that this company
offers is more than just the potential
to impact malaria control but also the
potential to impact eradication the
scientists have conducted preclinical
trials and safety studies they are now
discussing the process of manufacturing
the drug on a large scale street vendors
in Nigeria's capital continue to sell
goods from the trunks of their cars
despite a ban on the practice the center
of Abuja is home to some of the most
expensive real estate in Africa that
makes it difficult for small businesses
to thrive police are finding it
difficult to stop the vendors since a
maximum fine of twenty five dollars does
little to deter them
free food and a film that's what a
Moscow charity is offering the city's
homeless population twice a month a
makeshift cinema screens old Soviet
movies as part of a summer activities
program organizers hope the initiative
will help shift attitudes towards
Moscow's most disadvantaged and give
them an opportunity to kick back and
have a good time check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world it doesn't seem like there is
a lot of opposition anymore and I think
that you're seeing that you know all the
all the taxation from the marijuana
industry and where the tax is going to
schools and other public entities that
that's been great I don't know why
Colorado is more you know liberal than
than other states but it's been cool to
see people really getting on board
