it's one of those rare topics on which
left and right
Republicans and Democrats mostly agree
the American middle class is in trouble
the number of upper income families is
expanded while the middle class has been
in steady decline should we worry about
this trend and can it be reversed
it's our subject tonight the American
middle class from Detroit this is the
business of life
how a Michael Moynihan welcome to the
business of life coming to you this week
from the Detroit Masonic Temple if
you're watching this program chances are
you identify as a member of the middle
class because almost all Americans do
with all this talk of the rich getting
richer the poor getting poorer are you
in danger of falling out of the middle
class and is the chance at a
middle-class life that foundational
American ideal disappearing today we're
gonna find out and as always we'll break
down the issue using facts figures
dollars and cents and I'm joined by a
panel of experts desperate to answer the
question to the middle class so let's
meet them
David Madeleine a managing director of
economic policy at the Center for
American Progress and the author of this
brand spanking new book hollowed out why
the economy doesn't work without a
strong middle class welcome to David
Detroit native Charley das is a Pulitzer
prize-winning journalist and author of
the New York Times bestseller
Detroit an American autopsy and in 2013
he was unnamed gqueues madman of the
year it's true can I have that cut you
can I'm gonna sign it for us after
Chicken tomia is a senior analyst at The
Reason Foundation previously an
editorial writer editor at News and
she's currently a columnist for the Week
magazine welcome all of you and let's
begin with our first topic what is the
middle class and before I asked this
distinguished panel how many people here
considered themselves members of the
middle class anyone most people right as
expected which transitions very nicely
into our first number nine out of ten
that's the number of Americans who would
describe themselves as middle-class but
forty percent of American families
couldn't raise $2,000 in the event of an
emergency
David it's in the title of your book you
know a strong middle class what is the
middle class define it for us everybody
has a different definition and I need
one from you there's no one perfect
definition but it's a level of income
it's also a reasonable range where
you're close enough to the rich and
close enough to the poor and it's the
ability to buy some basic goods like
health care and housing and some kind of
aspirational goods that you think about
the future your
gonna have a good education for your
children you can maybe retire afford a
vacation so it's this combination of
things and the idea that if you through
your hard work your life and your kids
life can be better all right let's look
at our next number the Commerce
Department there are six goods that
quote most middle-class families value
in which to attain these goods are home
ownership college education for children
health care to cars family vacations and
retirement security I am NOT one who
trusts the Commerce Department to tell
people what the six goods it that I
desire does anyone have like an enormous
problem with this list of six things you
write there saying that you have an
amendment or a problem with this list
yeah I don't have particularly put on
the list but I do notice that list is
relative and this is relative to middle
class that's uh that's wealthier than
the middle class that I'm used to like
for someone who's in the neighborhoods
in Detroit or I'm from Flint someone who
Flint like this is in a middle class
list this is the rich person's list what
like what in particular would be a
family vacation we're not thinking about
family vacation that's off the list
right homeownership off the list college
education for children probably off the
list Healthcare might be on the list
retirement security off the list
two cars off the list maybe one car
maybe uh maybe a good place to rent just
maybe some stability in some way
well you you've raised your hand and
identified as a member of the middle
class right yes
okay but with all those things off the
list you still consider yourself member
of the milk middle class yes relatively
all right well let's build on that point
and bring up the next number one in five
that's the number of middle-class
Americans would rather die early does
not earn enough to live comfortably in
retirement isn't it something rather
different that the middle class is
having a difficult time putting any
money away now
yeah it's deeply frightening because the
way we do retirement now has radically
changed over the past thirty or forty
years he used to have this basic idea of
a pension where if you work hard your
company's contributing to it and when
you retire
be there for you no matter how long you
live now you got a 401k and it's up to
you you're supposed to figure out how
long you're gonna live how much money
weight you're supposed to put away every
year and how to invest in who here is
actually saving money I mean III ask
this cuz I don't save money like there
dude I don't I can't afford to save
money I make sure I do
you're set you're saving money let me
ask you you do you consider yourself a
middle class I do I consider myself in
my family middle class and you you are
you are saving money I am I've been
saving money since I was 13 the American
savings rate is between five and seven
percent as opposed to Japanese people
who save twenty percent of their income
oh you want to point out quickly the
business of life audiences know those
things off the top of their heads how
much the Japanese are saving isn't this
a function of just a collapsing economy
no Americans are always been bad at this
so I think it's a it's a collapse and
the mentality of Americans who like to
spend I mean Americans are famous for
their profligacy I mean they they like
to spend look I like I said I grew up in
India where people don't have any
publicly provided social security they
have to save for their children's
education they have to save for their
own retirement and they make neither
meager you know money the problem is
Americans have lost the habit of saving
and point out that David was huffing
during that frustrated it's it's you
know it's I think you're kind of blaming
the victim here
certainly we everyone here probably
knows someone who's you know wasteful
with their money and is not saving just
because of personal choice but really
the basic story here over the past
several decades is that wages have been
stagnant and the price of basic
middle-class goods like housing and
healthcare education have gone through
the roof
so people have had to go into debt to
afford with the middle-class lifestyle
so they don't have money to put away
it's not just about you know a few
people's total choices it's it's about
that the kind of things that we should
be able to afford we can't afford now
and that makes it much much harder to
save words like should be able to say
that's part of the problem with
Americans is that they think that they
need there's an entitlement they should
be able to do X they should be able to
do y you know that's not how the rest of
the world okay so did you talk about
make
and school it's quick decision but I'm
up to here with it already I'm up to
here with it I'm gonna let this happen
we're talking but it isn't we're human
beings right we used to have a way of
life it's gone and then you're like what
are we supposed to do people are
anything in this goddamn City you go
tell them you go tell them though the
one other thing that I think is really
important here is it's not like we're
not a richer society we are richer we
have a chance to create the wealth for
everyone but instead we've funneled up
to the very top that's what's what's
happened and why most people can't save
alright let's look at this next number
which localizes this issue a little bit
households vet earn between 67 and 200%
of a state's median income are
considered middle class the median
income in Michigan is about $48,000 a
year putting the percentage of
middle-class families in this state
where we are shooting now at 46%
I'll give you an um you want a couple
numbers here's a number the American
median household income froze started
declining we haven't had an uptick in
the year 2000 that's about five years
after NAFTA we lost 800,000
manufacturing jobs here Detroit goes
down the toilet the rest of the country
goes down the toilet
we made stuff we don't make stuff and
that's not sentimentalized Detroit too
much the auto industry is alive and well
in this country it is just not in
Michigan and it's just not in the noise
in in Detroit not a single foreign maker
has ever come and set up a factory they
are all going to Tennessee Alabama and
part of the reason is unions I mean the
UAW has registered a which had
artificially you know we talk about
wages worker wages they were so
artificially inflated in Michigan that
they were priced out of the market and
you got competition in in not just in
Mexico but in the states my job might
you say this we created an artificial
competition because no I don't think
NAFTA worked out well for the country I
don't think WTO has worked out for the
country and I don't think trans-pacific
trade is gonna work out for the country
yeah
measure to blame Union unions I think is
totally unison totally had a problem
certainly not really when they did was
was great but took it to blame that to
blame them and blame high wages as label
all of us I don't know it's the downfall
but the auto-config motto is well look
let's be Paris in Germany that their
wages are almost twice you auto industry
because and the workers actually have
some power so management actually has to
deal with them on a wage no good
factories that creates good jobs instead
we've let our companies these people are
so wonderfully patient can I ask anybody
out here to questions I was initially
gonna ask you like who in here is like
making around the meeting income but I'm
actually more interested you know
everyone talks and romanticizes in some
ways the old industry in this in this
city of cars of the auto industry
who here has family members that made
their bones in the auto industry that's
astonishing
I would say about half the room well
let's let's move on to our next number
ninety four thousand three hundred
dollars that was the wealth of a typical
middle-income family in 1983 by 2013
that number was up to ninety six
thousand five hundred dollars pretty
much the same number those are of course
inflation adjusted all right a related
stat here too in 1983 the wealth of a
typical upper income family three
hundred and eighteen thousand dollars by
2013 that number had more than doubled
to six hundred and thirty nine thousand
four hundred dollars Shikha richer
getting richer poor getting poorer or
their estate is somewhat bogus
statistics if you will pardon me for
saying that when home equity of
middle-class people really did get wiped
out and upper-class people who had a
much more diversified I mean you know
they were investing in stocks and stuff
like that they didn't get hit quite as
bad and so this is not a representative
statistic of what real wealth or assets
of families real
look like that process is already
correcting itself so we won't get upset
about the diminishing middle class this
is not what I would hate okay I have a
very very keen sense of these things and
I suspect that David's going to disagree
with exactly the opposite way I think
this is Russian way too rosy of a
picture because what it also doesn't
tell you is that debt for middle-class
families over this space-time period has
almost tripled so their their wealth
stagnated but they are much more
leveraged they're exposed they're in a
much riskier place so if they lose their
job they're in really really deep
trouble oh really and why is that
in my house basically that cost of
housing has gone up so much and also the
cost of health care down 30 years it's
still housing is still way way above
where it was which is the lower class
has lost wealth now they own like they
owned in the 70s the middle yeah I'm
sorry honey
I'm sorry I'm sorry look at everybody
can we keep we read penis and listening
your numbers that's the fact the middle
class now has as much wealth as they did
in the 90s the rich are wealthier than
they've ever been since the 20s there
the robber baron I looked it up to day
before the show I would like to check
your sources we all know how we live all
right so we are gonna start our Q&A
period now so raise those hands high if
you have a comment or question or
complaint for any of our fantastic for
you guys you guys spoke of the the
American dream earlier and a lot of
young people I can say probably in this
room feel that it's a little unreachable
what sort of advice would you give to a
young person that would make it seem
reachable just gotta do for yourself
there's no macro answer you know what to
do
you already know what to do work hard
had those good Midwest values don't
spend more than you got save for a rainy
day love your family just what your mom
told you
well everything ditto to Charlie and I
would emphasize two things which is one
build on your skill set I mean do not
drop out of college if you haven't
finished college finish college and
don't get inta green women studies or
literature cultural studies or what have
you the other thing is do not get
divorced one of the single biggest
predictor of poverty in this country is
you know single-parent homes because
when that happens the income gets
distributed over several households but
it's actually very hard to fall into
poverty if you keep a family intact we
said the same thing he did I said weed
you said good skills
after the show if you want to hear his
answer to that let's move on to our
second topic and get a little more
granular here the middle class in
decline and let's bring up our first
number compared with Americans Canadians
are 1.8 times more likely to achieve the
American dream
are there any Canadians here by oh I'm
gonna ask you a question about Canada do
you feel that you know there's a better
opportunity for you in Canada I think
there's a lot of false notions about
Canada the fact that we just have free
health care which actually we don't we
do have to pay for health care if you
make over a certain median wage I don't
consider myself middle-class my parents
these numbers that have come up on the
screen my parents have never earned that
kind of money we always I say 20,000 or
less between my two parents but we
always had everything we needed and my
parents never focus on how much we made
she could tell me we think of ourselves
as an exceptional country American
exceptionalism says this can happen here
and it's much more difficult to happen
then somewhere else I mean this Harvard
University economist says that's not
true Canada has really worked very hard
in the last ten years to create a
business-friendly environment they have
cut their taxes phenomenally I mean here
we are this ring Canada's total tax rate
provincial and federal is something like
25 percent ours is like 40 percent and
you know so when we learn the lesson
that we need to cut taxes not penalize
companies and profits you know we might
get the American Dream back way to go on
that but I want you to apply that to
Detroit this whole slave to cut in taxes
let me tell you people some here's the
deal in Michigan last month Michigan
businesses as a total paid the state
negative eighty two million dollars the
month before that Michigan businesses a
total paid the state negative eighty
eight million dollars and the month
before that they paid the state negative
fifty million dollars
ladies and gentlemen business so far in
one quarter has paid the state
negative 1/4 of a Billy over 4 quarters
that's a billion negative we're paying
them to be here that is true ok well
nice because if the corporation please
the corporation is a person I'm a person
to cut mine first I'm not paying for
them to do me the favor of employing me
or do you go to Washington switch it you
go to Lansing switch it and we all pay
for the dignity of eating I mean the
problem in Detroit is that this is a
town of crony capitalism I mean it is a
monument to crane crony capitalism where
the basic tax rates are very high for
businesses and then you have these very
large business owners who come and get
their special exemptions and so charlie
is absolutely right they don't
contribute anything to the tax base of
this economy at the same time they
thought these taxes thought a little
entrepreneurship we're building a hockey
arena for a billionaire that owns a
casino 2 sports teams and a pizza
franchise and the public money is coming
from the Detroit Public Schools which
are bankrupt and some of the worst in
the country how in the world are we
doing that to the children and I'm the
guy paying that money alright but we're
talking about taxes on the sinister
mustache twisting corporations let's do
it on the individual level and look at
it our next number $12 that's the
average amount a middle-income family is
estimated to save under President
Obama's middle-class tax proposal he's
talking about middle-class economics in
the State of the Union year what is this
that's nothing scrums
there's just not enough to cut we've
been cutting taxes we've been following
this trickle-down theory that you cut
taxes especially on the rich and that's
gonna flow down benefits to everyone
else it has not worked
no our taxes are lower than in Canada's
we have less actually not true but yes
the tax code is high but what we
actually get from companies is very low
Charlie what have been the plans other
than building new baseball stadiums to
raise those wages and bring the
middle-class back to a city that once
had a very thriving middle class
well can we can we just say Detroit's
the point of the spirit look somewhere
else
like
be saint-louis that's on fire right
because there's a government there that
can't support itself so it enlists the
police to shape citizens down and
they're angry can we say that $12 is the
federal cut but locally you know I own a
house or you know the bank owns a house
my millage keeps going up right we got a
paper to please cuz because the state
can't do it and the feds can't do it so
let's Jack that up and let's save the
DIA let's Jack that up
let's save Li let's Jack it up the water
price is going up jacket we're paying
somehow yeah
like Detroit is not it's not alone
Baltimore's on fire because people don't
have anything yeah the cops and all that
that's that's a long time in this
country like we don't have anything and
the first people to feel it are the
ghetto in the trailer park in the barrio
and you're starting to see them act
insensibly they're tired of it and and
the middle class is the one actually
getting taxed cuz the the rich don't get
taxed at the level the companies aren't
it's us David I don't want to take
readers away from this fantastic book
that you can get on Amazon but tell us
at the end of this book how we solve
this problem I think the first thing we
have to do is make our democracy work so
that people's voices are able to speak
on power with the power of the rich but
it's okay if this democracy work me what
does that mean let's make basically
enable people everyone to vote so you
make them automatically register you
make it longer voting periods you and
you start to have actual restrictions on
the amount of money that's flowing into
campaigns so we're not doing that
Supreme Court next are you and so that
from there then you can start to do
things like make some basic investments
we I mean David is absolutely correct I
mean problem is the governance in this
in this town Baltimore focus it's
completely broken down and one of the
things that many of these cities have in
common is that they are a one-party town
look the only thing worse than having
Republicans in a city is not having
Republicans because what happens is you
lose the system of checks and balances
and accountability that's part of the
problem of what's happening in Detroit
there are City Council here
entirely Democratic the mayor there has
been no Republican mayor that has been
ever elected over here in the living
memory of most people and so what you
need to do is restore the politics that
will keep a check on two ladies I keep a
check on each I say okay look cuz I get
this all the time as a reporter you know
what it really is that's code well look
at the cities they're black Democratics
is what you expect not dig dis not dig
that I'm gonna get I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you but watch this there were
not one black Democrat that runs a Wall
Street bank there's not one black
Democrat that runs the big three
there's not one black Democrat that
launched this into iraq without a plan
without armor on the Humvees charlie you
bring us seamlessly to our next number
eight percent that's the change since
2010 of the average income of white US
households for all the US households
that number dips to negative eleven
percent part of the problem in this
country is there's a huge skills gap if
you don't go to college in this country
your wages are going to fall I mean
there's a huge premium now on a college
education but if you're not graduating
kids from high school how do they go to
college that's part of the problem here
in Detroit I mean the public school
systems over here are so bad I mean
graduation rate was something like 40
percent I mean that is 60% of the kids
you're consigning them to poverty and I
have to say this the incarceration rate
among African American blacks is it's I
mean it is a crime it's unconscionable
and once you put people in even for
minor misdemeanors you are ruining their
chances of a job for their entire life
David this is probably one of the
biggest reasons right of this number
it's not just about education it's also
about the way we structure jobs and how
much power people have on the job to
negotiate and get a better wage and
certain people have more power than
others and what's even more troubling
about these stats that with basically
minorities having no income games losing
income is that in about two decades
we're gonna be a majority minority
country and if we don't find a way to
raise wages for everyone we are really
all right well let's look at this next
number seventeen dollars per hour that's
the amount saved using a robotic spot
welder instead of a human the percentage
of US jobs at a high risk of being
automated forty seven percent does
anyone in the audience fear that their
job is going to be taken over by a gang
of robots you you what is it that you do
I built a Jeep Wrangler so you work in
the auto industry yeah what prevents
that from happening
hopefully the union I just put in the
dashboards and it's half robotic now so
it could easily just do it with a robot
how are you preparing for that
eventuality trying to save but that's
not happening charlie
$17 an hour they're saving buy these of
us and these car companies are going out
of business if they don't adjust the
wage rates there will be even more
mechanization and there'll be even more
automation the unions in this town had
actually sort of mortgage mod get their
future in that they had bid up wages at
a certain point and a big future workers
out of the you know out of the labor
market now we are in a period of
adjustment I mean if there are two
workers were not being paid $15 and
we're being paid $28 those jobs would
not exist in Detroit they did exist in
Tennessee Tennessee
oh yes well again let me get this
straight with you the majority of jobs
in North America for auto workers are in
Mexico they make a dollar a day two
dollars and eighty five dollars a day
okay I have loved this conversation so
much that I think that running a little
long we would have a Q&A so all right
let's let's go to somebody else so the
building that were sitting in almost
went under like within the last year and
if it did it would have been like a lot
of other buildings here like the train
station or the Packard planner Belle
Isle how can we try and save a city
that's maybe a half full of people or
what would you attack first how do you
fill the city and if you fill the city
does that fix the problems this is an
interesting point how do you how do you
get people back and you know we see all
these incentives here new stadiums light
rail etc is any of this stuff working
you know you get the people back by
fixing the basics which is fixed
governance as David said you fix crime
I mean crime rate and the city is still
way too high and you fix the schools I
mean it's very simple you know it slowly
you know you don't have to build
stadiums you don't have to build a real
light rail system you don't have to
build a people mover which cost one
point you know what what is it one and a
half dollars per ride in public
subsidies for towing
should I wake up to that yeah $4 $4 per
ride in public subsidies I mean those
are the kinds of things that bleed money
out of those issues that is needs to go
that's big talk again big stuff okay
it's big stuff I give you number one
there's no fixing crime what fixing
schools and big stop fixing schools what
not what yeah here number one number one
get the cops straight that's going no
it's not crying no that's not right
crime is people doing stuff what you can
do is the mayor is how you respond to
people doing stuff that what we did in
the bankruptcy we cut their pensions
dude a cop
starting in Detroit makes $14 in 50
cents an hour
we're not gonna fix it doing that all
right well you know we've gonna clean up
the blood on the floor from this battle
over the middle class and I'd like to
thank all of our panelists for joining
us today David Charlie and Shikha and
thank you all for watching and we'll see
you next time on the business of life
in pieces
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more that
our money habits calm
you
you
