Barroso Judea in masca had direction
usual direction you know Paris what
apparently is a different regime Amanda
over the kanima but
so we've just arrived at a campaign
rally for president currencies it's one
of the last he'll be doing before the
election and we're actually quite close
to where the military fighting took
place about a week ago Ugandan president
you're wearing which Devaney was just in
town for a few days he was trying to
help mediate the conflict but having
certain 29 years as president himself
he's not really a fan of presidential
term limits with him leaving one of the
dissident generals has issued a threat
saying that these negotiations fail the
country Burundi will be plunged into war
on the way here there was tons of
military Nibbana curry lining the roads
sort of on guard and as you can see
around here there's lots of military
here as well they're on high alert
despite all the protests the president
actually does have a substantial support
base especially in the north of the
country and there's people that think
that prior to all these events if he was
allowed to run he actually would have
won a popular election so as you can see
they're taking no risks here the
president and his security detail are
arriving right now the the good time is
music is blasting and I'm gonna get out
away
Travel is a reboost every vampire
what you doing I would take I remember
actually happy that back to me I will
you talk to me the key to my hotel room
which was 20 additional many galleries
what's the feeling right now among your
party at the elections get closer so we
are filling up you see that we have so
many members of the Synod led who come
here to participate in this meeting the
meeting of the party which worked is so
much for the country there's been a lot
of criticism of the president from the
international community from the UN that
are questioning this election how do you
respond to those allegations what you
can see is that a lot of population 80%
we are going to elect to elect to four
to the president
how did based African community the UN
can enter in this efforts of Burundi
country we know that some members of the
opposition that I fled the country some
members of your own party have fled the
country they form what they call
transitional government in exile what do
you make of the situation you see how
the they are in exile it was their fear
they are frightened not to get to know
some voters over them to vote because
this party have a lot of members this
country or the provinces or the communes
all the hills you can we can find
members of the Sindhi DFTD party this
transitional council of some of the
leaders that are formed last night that
said that there are gonna be the new
governance you don't think that there's
any merit to that you don't think that
that it has any value don't discount
sorry I'm to tell him to come back come
this country because no problem it may
be they are out even they are gonna ask
there that the leaders of our leaders
our good leaders of the country they
come back well you can come back without
any problem
can you tell us why you're voting for
the cndd-fdd why you support them China
Russia we want a movie on muchas cosas
meeting as a cause you look a moon
hammer a diplomate was a go
I wonder guava cuckoo Rock I didn't know
curry bites Indian why not you not make
written was it - it was saying why he
said / DJ edited out to be a creamy
Samba it's kind of interesting we came
here with the hope of interviewing a lot
of regular people asking them why they
support the ruling party and I fixer I
kept telling us it was impossible they
wouldn't talk without permission they
they would be stopped and we didn't
believe him and we stopped one man to
ask him literally why he supports the
party and in in bonocore remember came
over and told him not to talk to us I
don't know probably not the best method
if you want people to think that your
party is supported despite all the
claims of unity by the cndd-fdd even
high-ranking members who have disagreed
with the president have had to flee for
their lives
oh and I seem into Amana has been with
the party since it formed in the bush
during the Civil War and is the former
spokesman after signing a letter with
other party members calling for
president nakorn Ziza not to run for a
third term he had to flee to Rwanda so
you had a very high role in the
government right now in the ruling party
and in Burundi you left that role can
you tell us what happened and why you
had to leave Sukie se passe o boondi is
a vocal near the difficulty during
oligarchy a political military cailletet
sort of allah president Allah Republic
en carrozza acellular Napa Valley
respect Ella Constitution to Burundi
Ella called up a the reconciliation
DeRusha please Jessica Vanessa Salafi
Allah who knows upon a level of WA or
Nevada party APIs occurs at the Antonin
Angela Paulo party
Petula PE a member layla layla solarium
ella democracy representative democracy
element a page Subic Erika - Daniela
Carla clandestinity Alexia physical his
column or commoners Amazon 20 trevally
or profitable position so after speaking
out against the present you were you
were afraid for your life
oh we both come from par le président
de la república development not even a
trace allergic deco on particle cashews
in a vapid Ellison's the the circular
paths this is a practical malecon dynamo
society explicable quoi
ya beaucoup de jakke centre tournament
in nan de la casa de servicio nacional
at the house anymore a beaucoup de jakke
with cachet
was the depression and no Paris what
apparently was 80% was him Amanda over
the trauma battery epidural show but the
orders the the killings everything went
went right from the top but the postal
service is a beer company I kissed you
VC their homes and even fed saleable to
supply a few so what do you see
happening in the next few weeks in
Burundi Barroso Judea in masca had
Direction
anchored the theater it isn't include
Oregon is a little extreme allergic to
tea la communauté internationale de la
ley sarkozy a 10-episode on say our gala
des des direction dólares de retinosyn
or Oconee par person possesses direction
of Anitra Lily bro Mia Posey me
transparent neck receive Yantra tone
Sarah population Kozlov Sarah democracy
chemo therapy elo Burundi Kido via
I am Pino visit up kena palapa whole
Allah says adenosine I suppose I could
Nagi is also sick if I had a surgery
desirable not repiy to an African member
from not reservation
you
