it's Monday July 20th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines a northern
Indian village - two local politicians
hostage on Sunday the residents of
Mughal Surrey in Uttar Pradesh were
angry over frequent power cuts and water
shortages villagers say they were forced
to take action after the local
government failed to respond to their
needs the legislature is being held were
in surprisingly good spirits about the
situation and said the people raised
their voice
Somalia's first Fire Department is up
and running since civil war broke out in
1991 firefighters recently completed an
intensive training course by the African
Union as the country tries to rebuild
itself the unit operates out of newly
built headquarters in Mogadishu with 50
staff three fire trucks and three
ambulances all Shabaab neglected public
services like firefighting health care
and sanitation when it controlled parts
of the country
the United Nations is using its food
program to fight child labor in Egypt
almost 24,000 Egyptian children have
received school meals since the effort
began in April the value of the food
compensates for the wages a child would
have earned at work up to 15% of the
country's children are in the workforce
with more than 1 million as seasonal
farm laborers the Italian Army has
produced its first batch of weed to try
and lower the cost of medical marijuana
in the country the price had become
expensive for patients since pharmacists
imported the drug from abroad ministers
wanted to change that and chose the army
as the only ones who can legally develop
medical marijuana the plants are being
grown in a secure room at a military run
pharmaceutical plant in Florence
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world in
every way every time you we are waiting
for death I'm sorry to say that the
source of the problem in the film we
rose to many friends and parents and
children because of this poor president
is a criminal
