it's Thursday July 16 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
France is using a controversial medical
practice on young newly arrived migrants
who are seeking social services x-rays
of the wrists and teeth along with the
genital exam are used to determine
whether the person is a minor or an
adult unaccompanied migrant youths are
entitled to room and board schooling and
medical coverage under French law the
human rights activists say authorities
are denying migrants due process and
access to services
Mexican soldiers have been deployed to
the hometown of drug lord el chapo
guzman days after he broke out of a
maximum-security prison the Army has set
up checkpoints in body Ottawa tow to
search vehicles and review driver's
licenses and registration but that might
not be enough to find Guzman residents
of the town continue to be largely
supportive of him
Araki artifacts rescued by US Special
Forces have been returned to Baghdad the
ancient treasures were captured during a
May raid on the Islamic state in Syria
the items include jewelry pottery and
early Islamic coins US officials say
it's proof the militant group is using
the prized antiquities to fund its
operations Chile's worst drought in 150
years is causing a decline in the
country's bee population the lack of
rain has led to a shortage of pollen for
the bees to feed on and make honey to
keep their hives healthy volunteers have
moved colonies from the drought stricken
area to the lush coastline a worldwide
decline in bee populations has caused
concern because the tiny insects are
vital for pollinating crops and other
plants check out the rice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world if
you get a disease or you get something
where your family gets something you
want to tweet for that so that's why
it's very important to and to work with
these animals and to keep their the best
life they can have even if it's
difficult and even if they suffer I will
try to give them the best I can
