this is the marmoset training facility
where the animals are housed and trained
before experimentation begins really
warm in here is this because of our
solutions in Brazil ok it's very warming
rainforest these monkeys are obviously
really tiny and cute and they give birth
to twins which is why they are so
important for the facility eighty
percent of all drugs available to treat
Parkinson's have been developed through
testing on marmosets today we were going
to see a training technique used to
better prepare the monkeys for life at
the BP RC training with the balcony
books okay this is about cannabis Isabel
can you books yeah it's a way to
separate the animal from the group and
so you can treat them or we can take
them for experiment to use okay and are
they used to getting inside the box yes
are they actually they were pretty eager
yeah they are they know they're getting
treats here let's see who gets in first
also the whole training really just is
getting inside the box yeah it's okay to
be inside the box feeding them tiny
marshmallows by the way hi could you
give me a list of all the things and
diseases they get experimented on in the
lab yeah there's a partner Sean and I've
done that's right Asst they have done
influenza and I do
a mess do you think if they're suffering
when they were there I think sometimes I
saw four yeah yeah because I mean the
experimenters are difficult and
sometimes when they get a mess or
parking some they lose use of limbs so
that's difficult then why do you keep
going if you know they are suffering and
you still think it's important I think
it's very important because all we want
to if you get a disease or you get
something where your family gets
something you want to treat for that so
that's why it's very important and to
work with these animals and to keep
their the best life they can have even
if it's difficult and even if they
suffer I will try to give them the best
I can
and do you have a favorite yes
what's his name ah daddy daddy
Papa someday he'll so he's the aquifer
of the group yep
he's my face yeah and uh well how does
it affect you that you might one day he
might have to undergo an experiment or
go to the lab that's not mine No
you know you know that's it happens so
that's something I I think I've look
yeah I don't want to know it
you
