it's Monday July 13 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines a massive
manhunt began in Mexico after the
country's most notorious drug lord el
chapo guzman escaped from a
high-security prison over the weekend
security forces searched cars around the
prison and closed a nearby airport it's
the drug kingpins second successful
prison break in 15 years Guzman is known
for running the powerful Sinaloa cartel
and for smuggling billions of dollars
worth of cocaine marijuana and meth into
the United States
you'll complete a new round of saudi-led
air strikes at the yemeni capital on
Sunday violating a temporary
humanitarian ceasefire at least 10
people were killed and a clinic linked
to a military hospital was hit trucks
carrying food supplies in the southern
city of Aden were also targeted the
United nations-backed ceasefire was
meant to allow a deliveries to the
country's 21 million people but the
saudi-led Coalition said the Yemeni
government had not asked it to observe
the truce factory workers marched
through Myanmar's capital Yangon to
demand a higher minimum wage they're
angry because the government wants to
raise the minimum level 23 dollars in 18
cents a day workers say that's well
below other countries in the region and
demand at least three dollars and 53
cents some Chinese and Korean own
garment factories have threatened to
shut down if the wage hike is
implemented
Pope Francis has visited a slum in
Paraguay on the last day of his trip to
South America the pontiff listen to
speakers and was shown artwork created
by children in Islam Francis urged
residents of peinado Norte to stay
united in the struggle for butter living
and working conditions the Pope is made
defending the poor a major theme of his
South American homecoming trip which
also took him to Ecuador and Bolivia
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
critic unica manera a vicar civil
courage Sucat do baba biko de semana y
algo por SI moco tomorrow canon in rosa
bori river suppose when Ivana give you
sass accredo to reserve a mofongo yo
aircar a tomb adieu Harrison a
pre-recorded
