Japan has an incredible tolerance for a
sexual exploitation of young girls if
somebody asks you what your job
description was what would you tell them
the school said thought oh hi mr. gotta
chill
Tomica some calamari was a resume para
my humble heat up mr. Takagi
so what are we talking about here are we
talking about the prostitution of
underage girls an American crocodile
massage etiquette at a masseur Sukanya
tari mano y mientras ate a chicken curry
oka kata-kata wrote on a napkin and I
continue work on a Monday we're not
gonna run our initial part of the reason
that you have this sort of Lolita
culture in Japan is because the wife and
the opportunities for women are so bad
it's a hard thing to stop this society
is one of the most misogynist sexist
societies in a developed country in the
world I would not want to be a woman
here
