you
this is Istanbul pride currently in its
13th year as usual there was a heavy
police presence as people gathered for
the start of the event in Istanbul
iconic Taksim Square
without warning the police began forcing
the gathering crowd out of the square
this was apparently in response to the
sudden banning of the event by the
Istanbul governor's office the reason
given was the coinciding of Clyde with
the holy month of Ramadan
all today but the policemen's Turks
pollutants so fascist a people of
government bigger mentality there is
something different and they did they
always block it area we are walking did
not note from them today also there will
be any problem but they made it they
made the problem unable to gather in the
main square groups of people began
congregating in nearby streets and on
the main shopping street east of love
despite the peaceful nature of the crowd
the police repeatedly charged groups of
pride watchers deploying tear gas rubber
bullets and water cannon
Giovanna called the police two men on
the policemen's attacked first she says
you should they just had it under Sunday
but we are being the wunens of the
police continued into the night whenever
groups of March has started gathering in
larger numbers
despite this the participants managed to
keep a presence on the streets
