so the Lithuanian separate is supported
by the state of earlier are confronting
the rapid reaction forces that are
deployed here this is a scenario that is
basically aping what happened in Crimea
in eastern Ukraine when civilian
protesters were confronting Ukrainian
police forces and in some cases army
military units in their bases don't ask
what just happened them yeah so the
protest kind of broke through one of the
guys who had been caught up they were
getting information why are you here
guys what do you want from us why are
you protesting and do you see a problem
though if an armed force such as the
Rapid Reaction Force is dealing with
unarmed protesters that could possibly
escalate a protest or in a real world
scenario if you do nothing the riots
will just bring up they will feel more
comfortable with coming and getting
nothing out of it is so the next time a
bigger group will come if they won't be
scattered away I say get no consequences
step by step by some small chunks we're
trying to do one day where you know
dealing with the protest with civilian
people then we are also where I have
contingency plans we have prepared for
some some regular human forces we have
also prepared for some regular war or
even mixture of those yeah just in case
you do decide to something in this area
the point of the rapid reaction forces
so that the Lithuanians can deal with
any potential separatist movements early
on this is not what happened in Ukraine
the separatist movements were allowed to
spiral out of control and turn into your
armed separatist movements that have led
to a war in eastern Ukraine that's
killed over 6,000 people the Lithuanians
are very desperate to ensure that
doesn't happen in their country
