hi find another guy got you and you I'm
just going back to to Libya see the
massive migrant crisis that we see now
in the Mediterranean the UK has opposed
a migrant quota and also there's been
proposals put forward to use military
strategy against some of these smuggling
operations do you really see that as a
viable option to deal with this crisis
Libya is is a nun governed space it's a
nun governed space because there's a
civil war gun it's 1800 kilometer
coastline is also wide open and done
police criminal people traffickers have
exploited that and they're trafficking
people sometimes people who are fleeing
from the crisis in Syria I Fred from
from the sea but there is no other way
we want dying in the sea that's better
and died in the in this area many of
them economic refugees from sub-saharan
Africa this is not about large numbers
of people spontaneously trekking towards
the Libyan coast it's about criminal
gangs charging people large sums of
money to facilitate their journeys
through criminal networks and those are
the people we have to target the EU is
clear that we have to work at multiple
levels on this we have to work with the
countries of origin to try and reduce
the push factors invest in development
in those countries better governance we
have to police our borders because we
can't simply open Europe up to everybody
who would like to come and enjoy
European standards of living that's not
practical
you
