it's friday jun 26 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines torrential
rain has caused flash floods that killed
dozens of people in western india this
week the coastal district of on early in
gujarat state is the worst hit with an
estimated twenty seven inches of rain on
thursday authorities have evacuated more
than 10,000 residents in recent days
flooding is typical during monsoon
season but many are surprised by the
intensity of this year's rains India
receives nearly eighty percent of its
annual rainfall between june and
September which is essential to crop
production dummies a wall yes the woman
north Korea has marked the 65th
anniversary of the start of the korean
war on thursday a hundred thousand
people packed into a Pyong yang stadium
for a rally complete with fiery speeches
and banners that denounced America's
so-called evils north and south korea
are technically still at war since the
conflict ended in 1953 with the truce
rather than a peace treaty jian-yang
believes the u.s. launched the war to
wipe out the north renewed clashes
between students and police took place
in the Chilean capital
four months protesters have demanded
greater transparency in the government's
education reforms Congress approved the
first changes earlier this year which
brought an end to profits at state
subsidized schools and eliminated
selective admissions policies the
student protesters say the proposed
measures don't go far enough California
has cleared a major hurdle in improving
one of the toughest vaccination laws in
the US if the bill is signed into law
all schoolchildren will have to receive
immunizations unless a doctor grants a
medical exemption that leaves parents
with personal or religious objections
out of the decision-making process I
think that a lot of times the decision
not to humanize is not based on facts
but on feeling last December a measles
outbreak that began at the state's
Disneyland theme park infected 131
people at least 56 of them hadn't been
vaccinated against the disease check out
the vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world 8 horas esta de ma
chambre OSAP where dominicano porque NOS
estella seguro de papel cuando llegue el
paso yo tenía un papel el agua de
salón ping yeah Aaron Pierrot la puerta
de que no silma
