pero lo primero hi uno to Vogue a a la
casa el mal à la noche venison lo Amy
DK see no idea um okay lazily en la casa
de Juicy ba falando gasolina ET malorum
toast
so diverse is the deadline for residency
or citizenship expired authorities are
also cracking down at immigration here
at the border and we just saw those
guards turned some Haitians away and
they've been
so this is he money it's one of the
busiest border between Haiti and the
Dominican Republic and this is where
deportation have started happening
although they happen late at night and
early in the morning we hear that some
of the DES parties are taking refuge in
a church and a school on the other side
in Haiti and we're gonna go check that
out
let's see
guten abend
- minigun on a crippled by como lo
cierren la policia pero lo primero
moon Okoboji a la casa el mal à la
noche venison no happy dick no idea
mujeres Ali in Natasha a Juicy ba
neilando gasolina ek Malou come to Minas
and oh c'mon Jerry y la policía zero
Palomita fill me little bulgaria hota
draupadi me little guardiana me contra
su trabajo see it took a list ago there
was a mini Cano tuna sister also many
kind of recognizes Tanya when we not
possible you tell me on papi you know
what Ursula of being yeah I don't be a
reporter you can you see me don't parent
of a pen
see see it to want us on to see whose
phallus on your tango there Molly
to many he stick a penny ago certificate
values see stocky man was wrong Carlos
Perez name is tenancy certificado see
those to you so she has two children and
they were born in the Dominican Republic
uh they both have what it but seems to
be the birth certificates but she said
nonetheless they were deported porque
ellos the port our own attorney knows
CTN and in certificado okay I know
dominicanos cuando en la noche de la
didn't and there are no chief NATO Cara
Puente Edie Cameron a Chewbacca
Underpants of possible
and those supercar to my body that's
America
pero - no Larry he submitted me see - in
a certain industry conocimiento de
tiempo bison I get the pass on the chat
when I founded a Kazakh cast upon das
das Jessica took offence separ do papel
mia cocina everybody here has a
different legal situation but they're
certainly people who were born in the
Dominican Republic showed us their birth
certificates and yet they were deported
the Haitian president is saying that
he's not going to receive patients who
are Dominican born so these people are
essentially stateless and in a limbo for
now we really wonder what's gonna happen
if mass deportations start happening
because Haiti is definitely not prepared
to take them in the infrastructure has
been devastated by the earthquake and
never really rebuilt and we see the
difficulties that they're having with a
few or this first wave at least that
arrived here in the last hours
