so how does the Senate spend five years
forty million dollars you know 6,000
pages of which we've been able to read
500 and get it all wrong how does that
happen so you know I talked about this a
little bit in the book one of the things
I learned is an intelligence analyst
early on is it's very dangerous to
speculate when you speculate you get
things wrong a lot more than you get
things right right but I'm all speculate
for you okay with that caveat if I think
there's two things going on one is
senator Feinstein made it very clear to
everyone who would talk to her about
this that she wanted the report to be
the nail in the coffin of the country
ever doing anything like this again well
when you're on her staff and you hear
that day after day after day and your
job is to put this report together it
takes you in a certain direction it
absolutely takes you in a certain
direction I think that created a bias
right in which those staffers did their
job that's one thing I think the other
thing is remember what I said about both
Democrat and Republican leaders in the
House and the Senate approving this
program back in 2002 2003-2004 not only
approved the program but encouraged us
go even further telling us that their
constituents would expect us to do even
more to protect them telling us that
they thought we were risk-averse when we
stopped the program for a period of time
when director tenants stopped the
program for a period of time when the
legal landscape changed to make sure
that we were still completely legal
right telling us we were risk-averse
that was a Democratic senator right so
what's the only way that they can they
can get themselves out of this
discussion to say that the CIA lied to
them at the
I'm about what we were doing and about
the effectiveness of the program that's
the only way to get themselves off the
hook okay I can't prove any of that
right that's time speculating very
important for your viewers to know I'm
speculating here
