in April 14 we had half a million
dollars in checks written out to the
federal government for our taxes the
bank called some so no we're shutting
your count down effective immediately
because financial institutions are
regulated at the federal level and
marijuana at the federal level is still
considered an illegal product most
businesses in the industry are operating
without a bank account typically we
tried to have two banks one we're with
and when we're going to when they shut
us down between my business partners and
myself they shut down a total of 21 bank
accounts that we had housed with them it
was just another fire drill that you
kind of learn to go through in this
industry all of this creates a lot of
problems the most prominent one is
safety if you are a business that is
operating entirely in cash you're
sitting duck for violent crime if you're
investing in a business that's dealing
solely in cash difficult to get that
comfortable
