tell radio show the whole novel does
mean PSA yeah read Mikey maybe for my
mother serious about me yes idea well
we'll keep my vehicle Abita idea Claro
her Ponte en los asesinato de mujeres o
credos en el estado mexico y los actual
on que no es de kuvira un asesino serial
sino que VA una sociedad in Claro esto
es tan position came a palace
a femicide is the violent killing of a
woman by a man for reasons related to
her gender it is a hate crime in which
killers use extreme violence to
denigrate their victims even after their
deaths
these pink crosses first became the
international symbol for femicide after
a wave of such crimes in the 1990s hit
the border city of Cuates Mexico but
here's a chilling fact the worst figures
for the violence against women in sadat
Pradas are still lower than the crew
wave of violence against women in the
heart of the country the state of Mexico
or elemex for short
Minova Rosario personal employer a ways
Amiga pose malayalam atomic it's
Moroccan
you okay kiddo yoke on Anacostia
princess k9 castle okay mental oppose
this yeah
say super la gente de enero be fun hope
to those poorest but no maybe nobody
never known as in Castle your soy BBN on
you seen you Marcus hermana de Alejandra
you seen you Marcus victim male feminist
idiom hemos estado PDA no Christopher
Ryan yeah k I know just a socialist
Edison
c'mon el caso de nada KCC episod since
2005 hundreds of women a year have been
murdered in this state the corpse is
mutilated hidden inside water tanks for
dumped in remote field or in sewage
canals yet the government refuses to
acknowledge the problem and for the most
part the media remain silent vice news
spent more than a year investigating
this unseen crisis in a country already
suffering mounting drug-related violence
it is such a difficult issue to address
because it ties together the way women
are regarded with in Mexican culture and
the unchecked impunity and corruption
gripping Mexico's institutions
the sprawling concrete suburbs of the
state of Mexico actually make up the
majority of the population of
metropolitan Mexico City residents of
these neighborhoods face high rates of
crime and violence dangerous levels of
pollution and the indifference of
authorities for issue such as extortion
kidnapping and femicides with 15 million
people this is Mexico's most populous
state a fact that elemex authorities use
to dismiss the femicide wave more women
live here so more women are killed but
no one can deny is that elemex is the
most dangerous place in Mexico to be a
woman today at this protest we met
eating a Buendia her daughter mariana
died in her house in 2010 under
suspicious circumstances official said
she killed herself but as you will see
it's most probable that she was killed
by someone very close to her
yes Mariana
Mariana Lima Gwen da mija yes table
ensayo en la facultad de derechos tamo
des Rosiers demente giulio cesare la so
metió abu sobre en toh che mean anomer
Asya a las tres hermanos case a caso con
ella la do la primer goal pisa y le dijo
que la eva Matar de la eva meter a la
cisterna porque Ella tenía dos o tres
mujeres que no había on aprendido tratar
lo como el se Murcia Yun da Aveeno aqui
me dijo mama aura Savoy separar momento
de julio caezar porque ya no AG want o
la vida que mia Stoddart oh yes ADF well
Ultimo dia que yo la vie comme vita
authorities say mariana committed
suicide hanging herself with this thin
rope and a nail that is barely the size
of a chess piece it is physically
impossible for these tools to sustain
the weight of an adult woman but
authorities concluded so anyway and ever
since he denied wendy has been fighting
for justice for her daughter
the mighty an anemic ace is hardly
isolated Humberto Paget is an
investigative journalist in Mexico City
and co-author of a recent book on
femicides in the state of Mexico he
writes about the case of my Dianna I
leave my buen dia and he helped us
understand the nuances of the word
femicide and the implications of using
that word or not como se opinion family
see do e e como se diferencia de la
escena tone donde hay una víctima
mujer l know me see Leo and Caillou no
victim a mujer thus upon your current
circumstances nor Ellis una vez con su
condición de mujer an early feminist
video la mujer muere de manera
intentional provoke odda infusion this
will condition the hello irani endo
algunas characteristic as komasan mal
trot o Santa us by Hoshi on Naboo so
sexual mutilation etc a via Claro repent
a en los asesinos de mujeres o credos en
el estado de mexico y los rebel aaron
que no es de cuba un asesino serial sino
que había una sociedad en claro estado
es composition Khaimah Tabas sus propias
mujeres el estado de mexico tiene una
larga tradition portrait are los asuntos
como si fuera n-- situaciones de menor
gravid a de la que en camp or nosotros
observos que era ejemplos el
comportamiento de de los policías QDC a
lays perrito's Ministerio público de que
las mujeres se nada
por que trae la falda muy porta pork a
simple Lucan hombres que no Devon o
trabajaba lugar en el que se Garcia la
prostitution una serie de stigmas de
character more a limp West owes por la
utilidad sobre la víctima tambien yah
model attention que los asesinato save
on Bianca de bez mess brutal J's sin que
nadie Thome attention del hijo Y Giga a
a las cosas están mal en el estado de
Mexico see assassin Aaron yes veces más
mujeres que en el municipal de Juarez
durante los años en que Ciudad Juarez
say significant como el peor lugar del
mundo para ser mujer
in sugatas the violent killings of women
many of whom worked at the transnational
maquiladora factories on the border
sparked an international movement
several documentaries books and
Hollywood films were made to highlight
the problem between 1993 and 2014 at
least 1530 women who were violently
killed in 2002 independent researchers
in only a third of that period between
2005 and 2011 an estimated 1997 women
were violently killed in the state of
Mexico but the same attention has not
reached the edimax femicides as far as
did the families here simply live with
the unresolved horror of what happened
to their loved ones one group that is
trying to help them is the national
citizens Observatory on femicide the
group collects data on violence against
women and pressures the government to
recognize the problem by establishing a
statewide gender alert to prioritize
investigations of possible femicides
maria da da Luis Estrada is director of
the observatory Lolita is the Tama la
huerta Janeiro they understand Mo's and
understand Arita mira la lectura
generation mccandies mo de protección
collect Eva la de Cara toreano Asuka
Steve o es para que l'on to Venus s epic
ordinary folk Elise un problema para
evitar que Crees Tolo solicitous para
decir esta pasando esto necesitamos Keun
tren de fondo para que ganar co nice in
mierqis yes April Emma tenemos porque no
estado de Mexico no so Tia las olas
Atomos
the victims families have attempted to
deliver a petition to the current
governor of the state of Mexico @vl
Avila each time they've tried they're
met by a low-ranking bureaucrat and
nothing is resolved it was also like
this with the last @mx governor a name
you might recognize Enrique Pena Nieto
Mexico's current president the femicide
crisis in fact became critical under
Pena Nieto's term as governor yet
despite his campaign focus on women the
murders continued and nothing really
changed the same is arguably true now
that he is president
we tried to speak to many local sources
about the femicides in Lmax reporters
politicians public officials
prosecutors everywhere we turned doors
were closed in our faces people are just
too scared to talk or to scare to reveal
their inaction even Montaigne is a
photojournalist who works the crime and
cop speed in metal medics he's on the
ground every day documenting the state's
violence we're gonna go with Yvonne to
some of the sites that he's covered
incidents related to the violent murders
of women and to try and understand
what's going on with the crime situation
here in the state of Mexico return was a
key element in Canada LaRocca I am in
control
we're posing my brother's butt to the
piano manos de caso a kid on the rows
wide you are a stadium Oh gasps oh no
que bien cuando se localizer all cuerpo
ll cadaver Pumas Munoz po donde estas a
llama Lisa SAV afloat ando parte del del
torso lobby enamorado una Piedra an LPA
para que no Sally Errol a float el
cuerpo hasta aqui doses ie no no yo no
se radio continued Alka so he know they
don't have responsibly
Yvonne had reported out the backstory of
this case authorities confirmed his
version of events
but officials are not usually that
cooperative one of those messes look
about the tenure if we are to alcazar de
cuatro come in these idiots come okay
son las víctimas Parente's know somebody
defenses it's a prohibition I'll order a
travel car like to come in to threaten
they've located but I can no documented
Ilic it busca la manera tellus
fotografia a major hurdle and properly
addressing the violent killings of women
is the basic competence of the public
servants who are supposed to collect
victims remains properly examine them
and investigate the causes of their
deaths
we're on our way now to meet a former
medical forensics investigator for the
state of Mexico
a man no longer works for the state but
who insisted on protecting his identity
so we've agreed to conduct this
interview with him anonymously so that
he can speak frankly about some of the
deplorable conditions that he saw inside
the forensics facilities that belong to
the state of Mexico as he personally
investigated many of these horrible
homicides on okey doke estamos bien de
aqui
dr. pero news director de la Spanish do
you see a simple problem to some
taquitos now say those three signs so
we're looking here at images of bodies
that are stacked two to three per drawer
here in this small refrigerator where
most was precarious from us bill
impersonal on TV so esto parece una
señal de crimen no uninstallation del
servicio America for insignificance
Yamasaki is the terrible thing no
symmetric or difficult model that last
monsters bellissimo
under really Salamis examinees
hematological please Damien especially
loose familiaris chief ornament contract
was once - Noah really thick area Doris
say each Avenue parallel as moist rest
you know so truth press oh yeah
Chris gave a pasar cuando NOS eternal
crews gravel in not say promise
corresponded porque no material in new
Daniel came a certain artist of the
Muslim any serious your trabajar these
family signals for tres cuatro on the
series
after we met this former forensics
investigator he called us with a tip a
family of a missing young woman in the
municipality of child Co was searching
for her right at a different section of
the same canal that the news
photographer had shown us as this
epidemic of femicides has stricken the
state of Mexico families are now turning
to their own resources for their missing
loved ones and for their missing a woman
and that's what we're seeing right here
behind me we approached the family that
organized this operation here in this
canal and I should say despite our best
intentions declined to be filmed but
what we understand is that they are
funding the use of this bulldozer and
also that there was some word that a
possible suspect in the case of this
young woman who was being looked for
here indicated that this was the place
where he dumped a body so far the
investigators here have found a human
skull who does that skull belong to who
knows
I think you've written open Giovanni
that I get interested in Alabama
authorities routinely place conditions
on investigations that victims families
must obey they demand family supply them
with basic medical tools to investigate
a woman's death or often they simply
request a cash bribe to grease the
wheels of justice
we're here in the prosecutor's office
that was related to the case that we
were looking at opana maybe find the guy
who was in charge of this case Senora my
packet are so Danielle's the reporter of
gnosis is a colonoscopy muscle okay and
on the key in toluca CMS is Kiki I'm us
from tears of the sick cast oh yeah say
algún tipo nothing can tear a black
continent oh okay no gracias
let's go he actually was the individual
who confronted us when we were back at
that canal he said we had to go through
the public relations arm of the state
prosecutor's office of course that
agency over there in the state capital
the city of Toluca has declined our
interviews up for the past eight months
so we're not really expecting to really
make any advancement around the issue of
femicides here in the state of Mexico
just as we saw there is no
accountability on the investigations
made by prosecutors in the state of
Mexico so most victims relatives are
almost certain that their cases will
never be solved
we visited miss Alenia again she claims
investigators manipulated the case of
her deceased daughter
Mariana Lima buen dia la línea de
investigación on Colin cambiado siempre
la lancengi DoCoMo's miss eto poor
principio de cuentas los burritos Nyssa
quiere estuvieron en el lugar de los
hechos no había ningún cordon el único
cordon que yo V fue el que estaba de la
Cortina pero nunca me Mahina kdi ye
según el dijo de julio caezar there you
say Calvo Mira this is one of the
documents that the parents of Mariana
Nima have collected and already I can
see some of the contradictions the man
that she calls responsible for this
death I to himself as the commander of a
police force that doesn't exist and well
as you can see the parents of Mariana
Lima have done essentially their own
parallel investigation just I mean yet
no it's time I need it all not immediacy
como esta
I wasn't paralyzed
Mariana Nima's case is hard to shake
it's just appalling to think that public
officials could actually say that she
killed herself despite the overwhelming
evidence pointing to her likely homicide
at the hands of a Mexico State judicial
police officer her husband this is the
municipal graveyard for the city of
Misawa oilton we're going to visit the
tomb of their daughter Mariana we're
going to pay our respects for this
victim of this wave of deaths of
killings of women in this state
we're standing right now outside of
Mexico Supreme Court where for the first
time in history the justices here will
be hearing a case of femicide this is
actually the case of Mariana Lima when
dia her parents and supporters are here
to ask that Mexico Supreme Court
justices ordered that this case be
reopened and re-examined as a family and
not as a suicide Senor Presidente Khan
Lauriston sassoon todo el cuento de
manera sousou's Evo asunto numero dos
Amparo in revision cine ento cincuenta Y
cuatro de agonal dos mil tresses que
Xhosa edenia buen dia Cortez Madre de
mariana Lima go India el proyecto pro
pony primero en la materia en la
revisión seem illogical a sentenza
improve nada
Segundo la Justicia de la unión ampere a
protege a linear Buendia Cortez Madre de
mariana a limo buen dia bajo las
considerations present Ava's en este
cricket Orion economicus a consult OC
say Previn Caden a Prado anima da de
Cinco botos términos de Levante lon
after an hour in session the Supreme
Court judges determined that the state
of Mexico ruling on the death of Mariana
Lima was invalid Nasu prima court a
justicia y esta primera solid attorney
no por una vida dr. Gary lamb pero no me
on whenever India Cortes su familia los
efectos distemper O son obliga released
odd Odin Mexico
ok well be investiga la muerte de
mariana Lima India
yeah no chemistry si do si no come on
probably famous ideo album demos decir
que es suficiente
welcome whatever magic turned up with
esta el caso de mija Guillermo signature
muchas de justicia Justicia lo único que
queremos no queremos super cosas a
partir de ahora tenemos un primer
president cave obliga a todo el poder
judicial aplicar esto zest Andresen
todos los casos kasey kahne nose candy
muerte Benitez in mujeres y esto lo
wealthy story
this was a landmark decision that has
just been handed down but really there's
a long road ahead Mexico's government
has to truly fundamentally recognize
that this is a problem of the question
of violence against women to the state
of Mexico
after the Supreme Court ruling hooyo
Sesa at nan des by enas the man who
might have killed Mariana Lima was
suspended pending the reopening of the
investigation into her death until that
suspension he was still working as a law
enforcement officer in the state of
Mexico we tried to ask the government
why that is in fact we tried to speak to
every level of authority that might have
something to do with addressing this
problem state investigators prosecutors
who are supposed to investigate crimes
against women and the governor Aruba a
la vela all declined our requests I even
tried to speak to president Enrique Pena
Nieto about the femicides in his state
but his aide said he did not have time
to see us oh no do not en de salvo long
vcv Lisa dices que no pasa nada
problemas CCG reproduce en una llamada
de personas Prasad ok no podemos tener
re / de por ESO en el plan nacional de
desarrollo ohmmeter a sido el es mucho
de camões mukla well compromise or a
rowdy Carla be upon taha Chris Benedetto
last year called for a unified front to
combat violence against women but like a
lot of initiatives announced by this
government so far it seems to be all
talk and little real action the state of
Mexico has the largest number of voters
in the country it's a key base for the
long governing Institutional
Revolutionary Party or PRI successful
politicians here know how to harness the
mass media to convince the poorest
residents to vote for them
that includes pandering to Women Voters
despite the enormous risks they face in
Edelman
yes he for your loss you know Perez
Jackie family still flok says the end
and evaluated by easy rest her soul
destroyed it was tommelilla sky JS /
echoes pista en el caso de nosotros lo
hizo un policía hoody sein de Arita
nosotros de cobre Mo's y el rato
nosotros somos algo y - no Scoob Rossano
so Tros
sue Torres una mujer en el estado Mexico
or agarra alguien te Violante tortora
que puedas / r la familia es para
justicia poorest kisses todo dependable
a specialist attend a pro corridor
personas por parte de delito synonymous
for party organization is noble but not
in palace para que live in seeking into
solution i say yes for yatra Munira
la in Puna dad en todos los niveles
yeses la situación por la cual el asunto
no Sarat indeed Oh si sake a Stiga de
manera de c.v de a los asesinos say
tendrá que buscar responsabilidad
administrative a inclues openal de
policías QDC a lays perrito cinema
stereos públicos see a estos LS on ciona
say tendrá que buscar la responsabilidad
de los fiscales y SI SE caste Kano's
fiscales los Coburn Edoras también
tendrá an alguna responsabilidad
política es un dot o el que no a idato y
el mensajes Claro en el estado de
méxico's a puede gnosis in our mujeres y
ESO no importa no importa porque no
habla de manera syria yemen
investigación y ponga impression a la
persona que aqui Tod o la vie de una
mujer in many people's consciousness
Juarez remains the epicenter of this
crisis in Mexico decades of unresolved
crimes still resonate as something lived
by all but awareness gradually is
growing in other places in Latin America
thousands of people have protested in
recent weeks in the streets of Buenos
Aires on the vidal santiago and in other
cities to demand stricter measures
against these kinds of crimes however
overall silence reigns it makes you
wonder how many other communities are
suffering the kind of violence seen in
such places as a child who you see
without nasa it got their back and oh
god bad and all the other places where
women have been violently killed in the
swamp in sprawl of the state of mexico
