porque Internacional de Bourgh que esta
por vida que no se puedes por ahora por
que tipo de pasar abraca we're on our
way to a town called the hewan it's the
border crossing between Haiti and the
Dominican Republic and it's about four
hour drive from the capital of Santo
Domingo we are hearing that people are
already starting to be deported or
voluntarily crossing back to Haiti since
the deadline for hundreds of thousands
of Dominican Haitians to legalize their
situation here in the Dominican Republic
expired
very rare
so this is the main border crossing
between the Dominican Republic over
there Haiti over here you see it's super
chaotic and busy but it's kind of always
been like that
Kenny authorities are not giving much
information about what's going on
regarding the potential mass
deportations but we can definitely see
here at the border crossing entire
family is carrying mattresses and their
belongings there are at least two
families here that have decided to
voluntarily leave or voluntarily deport
given the situation in dominicana this
gentleman over here said that he sold
everything he owned back in Dominican
Republic he's Haitian but he's been
living here for thirteen years he sold
his TV and anything valuable of course
he just got little money for it and now
we're crossing into Haiti they're just
gonna try to re-establish their lives
there and we've just arrived in one
Ahmed that's on the Haitian side they
have a mini here in years and they're
gonna start their life over we're gonna
see where they unload the few belongings
they still have
la situaci√≥n de los papeles Osaka's pero
SI me know
kill pero
Pappagallo Enns un Republican nominee
Khanna is so communal they covered our
own in utter perseverance you just look
so we do so much the family's off
they're gonna go to the nearest port
city we're about two miles inside of
Haiti near the Dominican border but
we're gonna jump on bikes and try to
make it all the way back to the
Dominican Republic
now sir so they are showing they are
detention centers now let's just go in
this is time okay Internacional sabor
Gestapo a vida que los que puedas por
ahora por que el fondo de pasar maracas
yeah but I forget on Tommy steady a
while so at all okay service Edison
triopia si por que entra God oh yeah
nothingness although here in anarchy
Anita Demi grassy only uh-huh the
military officers in charge just told us
we couldn't film we did get a glimpse of
the place they're building authorities
are not really giving any information
