Arita Misaki a local ad hominem can
handle a dragon
I am in control we're posing my
brother's party lol cadaver Pumas -
bones estas la maleta
I'm okay son las víctimas references
relatives of femicide victims have
protested on several occasions so that
state of Mexico authorities can stop
ignoring their cases in the meantime the
group of mourners is still growing one
group that is trying to help them is the
national citizens Observatory on
femicide the group collects data on
violence against women and pressures the
government to recognize the problem by
establishing a statewide gender alert to
prioritize investigations of possible
femicides maria da da luz Estrada is
director of the observatory
Laurita este tema Lollar today Gennaro
anand estamos and understand aurita mira
la lista de generation mccandies mo de
protección collect eepa la de cara
toreano es un cast Evo es para que la
beauté arena's s epic ordinary folk
elise un problema para evitar que Crees
Tolo solicitous para decir esta pasando
esto necesitamos Keun tren de fondo para
que ganar chuni Sigma X Y este problema
tenemos porque en estado en mexico las
olas Atomos in the movies the victims
families have attempted to deliver a
petition to the current governor of the
state of mexico @vl Avila each time
they've tried they're met by a
low-ranking bureaucrat and nothing is
resolved it was also like this with the
last item X government a name you might
recognize Enrique Pena Nieto Mexico's
current president the femicide crisis in
fact became critical under Pena Nieto's
term as governor yet despite his
campaign focus on women the murders
continued and nothing really changed the
same is arguably true now that he is
president
we tried to speak to many local sources
about the femicides inital max reporters
politicians public officials
prosecutors everywhere we turned doors
were closed in our faces people are just
too scared to talk or to scare to reveal
their inaction even well Daniel is a
photo journalist who works the crime and
cops beat in pedal medics he's on the
ground every day documenting the state's
violence we're gonna go with Yvonne to
some of the sites that he's covered
incidents related to the violent murders
of women to try and understand what's
going on with the crime situation here
in state of Mexico I returned Misaki a
local Yemen in canal de la Vega I am in
control we're posing my brothers part of
the piernas
manos de caso Aikido narrows Ygor say
they own castle
reporte presidential material cuando se
localize el cuerpo ll cadaver Pumas
Munoz po donde esta la Malaysia SAV
afloat on dole parte del del torso la
vie enamorado una Piedra an LPA para que
no Sally Errol upload el cuerpo hasta
aqui dosa
DYI no no yo creo say radio continued el
caso II know you're not responsible
Yvonne had reported out the backstory of
this case authorities confirmed his
version of events
but officials are not usually that
cooperative one of those messes look
about its annual beer talk without the
cuatro came in these idiots come okay
son las víctimas propellant is so messy
defenses
it's a privation a lot of travel Cara
like to committee threatened they've
located but I can no documented Ilic it
busca la manera de calais photography on
a major hurdle improperly addressing the
violent killings of women is the basic
competence of the public servants who
are supposed to collect victims remains
properly examine them and investigate
the causes of their deaths
we're on our way now to meet a former
medical forensics investigator for the
state of Mexico
a man who no longer works for the state
but who insisted on protecting his
identity so we've agreed to conduct this
interview with him anonymously so that
he can speak frankly about some of the
deplorable conditions that he saw inside
the forensics facilities that belong to
the state of Mexico as he personally
investigated many of these horrible
homicides okey doke estamos bien de aqui
pero news director the last one is still
missing a simple problem for some
theaters now say those personas so we're
looking here at images of bodies that
are stacked two to three per drawer here
in this small refrigerator was
precarious building personnel on TV otto
esto parece una señal a creamy no
uninstallation del servicio America
forensics experiment yamasaki is the
collaborating no cemetery horrifico
model to back us monsters bubble symbol
under really Salamis examinees King
ecological based any amo specialist
familiaris chief ornament in Paris wants
to know aviary Theodorus say each Allen
apparel as moist rest nosotros press oh
yeah cristela pasar cuando no symptom el
pasado y no sabemos que responder or a
noble material in noon on you came a
South America study was done any serious
job trabajaba these family serious por
tres cuatro only six
after we met this former forensics
investigator he called us with a tip a
family of a missing young woman in the
municipality of charcoal was searching
for her right at a different section of
the same canal that the news
photographer had shown us as this
epidemic of femicides has stricken the
state of Mexico families are now turning
to their own resources for their missing
loved ones and for their missing young
woman and that's what we're seeing right
here behind me we approached the family
that organized this operation here in
this canal and I should say it's despite
our best intentions declined to be
filmed but what we understand is that
they are funding the use of this
bulldozer and also that there was some
word that a possible suspect in the case
of this young woman who is being looked
for here indicated that this was the
place where he dumped a body so far the
investigators here have found a
Skol who does that school belong to who
knows
I admit that I can pretend open dragon
is that I get international authorities
routinely place conditions on
investigations that victims families
must obey they demand family supplied
them with basic medical tools to
investigate a woman's death or often
they simply request a cash bribe to
grease the wheels of justice
we're here in the prosecutor's office
that related to the case that we were
looking at opener maybe find the guy who
was in charge of this case scenario my
packet are so Danielle's the reporter of
gnosis is a colonoscopy muscle okay and
on the key or Luca CMS CTM us from tears
of the said car so yeah nothing can save
a black continent oh okay oh no gracias
let's go he actually was the individual
who confronted us when we were back at
that canal he said we had to go through
the public relations arm of the state
prosecutor's office of course that
agency over there in the state capital
the city of Toluca has declined our
interviews after the past eight months
so we're not really expecting to really
make any advancement around the issue of
femicides
here in the state of Mexico just as we
saw there is no accountability on the
investigations made by prosecutors in
the state of Mexico so victims relatives
are usually almost certain that their
cases will never be solved we visited
again miss Edina who claims
investigators manipulated the case of
her deceased daughter
Mariana Lima when dia la línea de
investigación on Colin cambiado siempre
la la a Guido como si CTO for principio
de cuentas los perrito's Mesa quiere
estuvieron en el lugar de los hechos no
había ningún kor doeng el único kor
doeng que yo v fue el que estaba
la Cortina pero nunca me Mahina que de
según el dijo de julio caezar day I said
well go mija this is one of the
documents that the parents of Mariana
Nima have collected and already I can
see some of the contradictions the man
that she calls responsible for this
death I'd himself as the commander of a
police force that doesn't exist and well
as you can see the parents of Mariana
Lima have done essentially their own
parallel investigation you stop me you
know it's time I need it all not
immediacy for my stuff again
doesn't waste
but Jana Nima's case is hard to shake
it's just appalling to think that public
officials could actually say that she
killed herself despite the overwhelming
evidence pointing to her likely homicide
at the hands of a Mexico State judicial
police officer her husband this is the
municipal graveyard for the city of
Misawa coyotl we're going to visit the
tomb of their daughter Mariana one of to
pay our respects for this victim of this
wave of deaths of and killings of women
in this state
Karam of the silica gel suficiente while
Keanu her magic Kannapolis Ariel Casso
the Maleeha the gear mo same as a lucha
de justicia justicia a shallow makovica
Ramos not a demo so purpose
