Republican governors across the country
are working to rollback the Obama
administration's Medicaid expansion
which added more low-income people to
the program they're imposing a new
requirement that forces some people to
work to keep their coverage the poster
child for this policy is Kentucky where
beneficiaries will have to work 80 hours
a month to earn their medical care and
could be facing the highest premiums
ever approved under Medicaid the policy
is going to affect nearly half a million
people and nearly a hundred thousand
might end up losing coverage for the
last month the Medicaid expansion
population in Kentucky have been treated
like pawns the lady that I know that
worship shown in christian healthcare
told me did you know that they canceled
dental as like no I didn't know that and
Here I am I'm like right in the middle
of having my own mouths done
that's because Kentucky governor Matt
Bevin has been playing a political game
with their health care after his plan to
overhaul Medicaid was temporarily
blocked by a judge
Bevin cut dental vision and
transportation benefits for nearly half
a million people what are you having
done I'm having this I'm getting dangers
on the top which is a person to say for
the people watching Bera Singh why do
you say well you know for one thing that
shows a home for yar when you don't have
tea so I mean everybody knows that you
probably can't afford dentures or
something like that Susan Wells is in
between jobs right now and qualifies for
Medicaid under the expansion she hopes
that when she gets her teeth fixed
she'll start working as an uber driver I
want to work I want to work you know
some way where I can you know benefit if
they just give them insurance
well paint doesn't do everything
everything everything will be fine
person 1 initially as we always yeah
Susan was mid treatment so the nonprofit
where she goes for dental care said
they'd pick up the tab
the governor's cuts to dental turned out
to be a PR disaster just days after we
talked to Susan he reinstated benefits
the people under Medicaid expansions
still face the possibility of losing
their health insurance if they can't
prove they're working 80 hours a month
everybody used to work in coma and stuff
like that and their know-how miles in
the morning there's nothing nothing he
goes up and tries to find our jobs every
now and again but because we got to make
some kind of income right now there just
ain't nothing to do around here no
mourning period Sarah and popped your
words became part of the Medicaid
expansion under the Affordable Care Act
and it's helped cover treatment for
Sarah's back issues and pops high
cholesterol until 2014 I never didn't
have no insurance ever if I had to go to
doctor I paid for it out my pocket
well this answer is coming out in 2014
it was the best thing that ever happened
to us before insurance how would you
have afforded the medicine
I couldn't you wouldn't be able to own
any doctor to find out why I need this
person you'll see when they heard the
governor got approval from the Trump
administration to make people work for
their Medicaid potentially clicking
95,000 people off the program
the woods joined a class-action lawsuit
we're poor we want to make sure the poor
people have the insurance you're saying
being hurt than poor Oliver laughs and
we know how it is to have insurance and
not to have insurance and I hate say it
but the people exciting to take the
injured leave us is the rich people just
days before the work requirement was
supposed to roll out in July a federal
judge sided with the woods and ruled
that hiking Medicaid premiums and adding
work requirements goes against the
fundamental purpose of Medicaid which is
to ensure low income people but that
ruling hasn't stopped the governor who's
still intent on rolling out his plan by
the fall and the woods who make around
$1,000 a month a worried that they were
able to afford it the rent here is 300
and do you lad turkey water and if you
have a phone you got a that we make it
month-to-month and sometimes we don't
make it at the end of at the heart of
the debate over work requirements taking
place across the country is a deeper
philosophical fight about what Medicaid
is to some it's a health insurance
program where the more people you have
insured the better to others it's a
welfare trap that should have as few
recipients as possible there is dignity
associated with earning the value of
something that you receive Governor
Bevin and the State Health Cabinet
didn't respond to repeated requests for
an interview but we sat down with
Republican state representative Adia was
not the chair of Kentucky's House
Committee on health and Family Services
why do you think the work requirements
are going to work it's an incentive I
think that there is dignity and work
it's something that is about the human
person so often I say that our sometimes
our charity becomes toxic to people in
our wanting to help them sometimes we've
hurt them in in a sense
you'llyou'll making people work for that
health care let's make sure we're always
clear on we're not talking about the
vulnerable but we're talking about a
population that has the capabilities of
working I think people go to work every
day so that they can have the benefits
and they can have the means to support
their family
and I believe if you really got down to
it people want to feel like they're
contributing we rob them of that
opportunity if we keep them in a system
that long where it's sort of
disincentivizes them to go back to work
there doesn't seem to be a concrete plan
of how you're gonna actually bring
sustainable what you those because we're
talking about health care but then if
you go and you talk to workforce
development people you're gonna hear all
the stuff that they're doing the jobs
will come we have to have the people to
work but some doctors in Kentucky say
that rolling back health benefits will
lead to less people working not more
these are my people these are mountain
peak
I was born and raised here I was in
their shoes at one time dr. bill Collins
is the dental clinic director at Red
Bird mission which serves three of the
poorest counties in the state so when
you hear politicians talking about the
fact that people need to work so that
they can sort of be healthy contributing
members of society and yet in the same
breath they are taking away all health
benefits what do you think I think
you're defeating the purpose you've got
to have people healthy in order to be
able to work if you're an employer and
somebody walks in it and you see black
teeth you're going to take their
application it's going to be put back in
the file I think that no one should want
to be on a habitual Medicaid or a
lifetime or Medicaid
I think Medicaid should be a way out of
poverty let's get these people healthy
let's find them jobs and then help the
next person
you
you
