it's tuesday june sixteenth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Nepal has reopened most of its heritage
sites that were damaged by earthquakes
in April in May the cash-strapped
government hopes to bring back tourists
even though UNESCO warned many of the
sites are still in a precarious state
the more than 700 monuments damaged
includes centuries old temples
monasteries and palaces listed as world
heritage sites about 800,000 foreign
tourists visit Nepal every year its
economy relies heavily on tourism and
the government worries that earthquake
fears will stop many from visiting the
Himalayan country Syrians living in the
Zaatari refugee camp in Jordan will have
a tougher time observing ramadan this
year a funding shortage has forced the
UN World Food Program to cut its monthly
contribution by about ten dollars per
refugee shop owners also say business
has taken a hit ahead of the Muslim holy
month because high unemployment in the
camp means fewer shoppers Ramadan is
expected to start this week according to
the Islamic calendar
Zimbabwe stopped using its own currency
on Monday switching to the US dollar
instead residents have until September
to trade in the remaining local money
for American bills the Reserve Bank said
the process was meant to build
confidence in the market hyperinflation
made the zimbabwean dollar virtually
worthless in 2008 100 trillion
zimbabwean dollars is worth only 40 US
cents Iran's government entered the
matchmaking game on Monday single men
and women can now upload their personal
details to a state-sponsored website a
group of certified mediators will review
the profiles and match couples according
to compatibility the government believes
young people are entering relationships
that don't lead to marriage authorities
say they're hopeful the new site will
lead to an extra 100,000 unions each
year check out the Vitamix YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
anemal Loma Darlow y su muerte es oman
decidi√≥ que proporciona conocidas no
puedo quitar la muerte de niemand el
contexto de denuncia hecho de la vez
para de lo que hacer diazien y tenemos
que dio su vida por su trabajo
you
