perhaps you haven't considered it but
immigration affects your life every
single day our food jobs taxes somewhere
down the line immigration policy has
affected you because unless you're
Native American your family traveled to
this country from somewhere else so
what's the value and what's the cost of
immigration this week we're going to
take a look at how legal and illegal
immigration impacts our lives our
economy and our world
it's our subject tonight the immigration
dilemma and this is the business of life
hello Michael Moynihan welcome to the
business of life think about this for a
second what would your life look like if
the millions of undocumented immigrants
living in the United States were
deported tomorrow I'll tell you what
would happen your kale salad $48 that
farm-to-table restaurant you love empty
kitchen but wait more jobs and more jobs
of higher wages right well the truth is
I really don't know if any of this is
true because depending on who you trust
immigrants are either a drag on the
economy or a net positive so what are
the costs and benefits of immigration as
always we're going to break down the
issue using facts figures dollars and
cents I'm joined by a panel of brilliant
experts uniquely qualified to answer
this question what is the solution to
the immigration dilemma returning to the
program's our old pal Adam Davidson the
co-founder and co-host of Planet Money
on NPR and a columnist for The New York
Times Magazine where last year he asked
do illegal immigrants actually hurt the
US economy a question we'll be answering
Christina Jimenez immigrated from
Ecuador when she was 13 years old and
today she's the managing director of
United We Dream and organization that
advocates for both documented and
undocumented immigrant youth in the
United States and David from the
Canadian immigrant is a senior editor at
the Atlantic and probably the only
former George W Bush speechwriter to
ever set foot in Bushwick Brooklyn thank
you all and let's go to our first topic
moving to the United States and our
first number 11 point seven million
that's the estimated number of
undocumented immigrants in the United
States it's 1/4 of the total immigrant
population
David this is a big number what do we do
I mean we can't deport eleven point
seven million people can we well it's
important that you're highlighting this
number because it helps to sharpen the
question does the question is not
immigration yes or no there's
immigration to every country on Earth
the question is how much and what kind
the reason this debate is so uniquely
ranked worse in the United States and
for example not rancorous in Canada
which takes more immigrants relative to
his population to death in the United
States and done really I can it takes
more but it's completely uncontroversial
because the immigrants to Canada like
immigrants to the United States before
seventy tend to be better educated than
those already here and more highly
skilled the United States like Sweden
they take very large numbers of very
low-skilled immigrants and the result is
downward pressure on wages increased
inequality and huge demands on social
services that are going to get bigger
when some portion of those illegal
immigrants are legalized you don't think
that's true dude I don't think that's
true I think I'm documented immigrants
to the US help the US economy the rough
statistic that economists use is they
make all of us roughly 1% richer so it's
not a huge impact but it is the the
direction is certainly positive when you
see eleven point seven million
undocumented workers one way to think
about that is that's eleven point seven
million people competing for jobs with
Americans but that's also eleven point
seven million people getting haircuts
going to restaurants shopping in stores
they provide both supply and demand of
Labor so in other words they're spending
money creating jobs let's look at this
one three thousand dollars that's the
cost to smuggle one person across the
us-mexico border
the median disposable income for a
Mexican citizen three thousand two
hundred and thirty seven dollars doesn't
it not crazy to get to a truth that
people are willing to pay they're almost
entire yearly salaries to get a better
economic climate I mean you look at his
lava door right where the average
household income there is three thousand
five hundred dollars a year
um so three thousand dollars about
eighty four percent of the income of a
family the sacrifice is real we sent a
couple of immigrant youth to a Salvador
and what we saw there was terrible you
saw families that are literally fighting
against the gangs because the gangs are
controlling the neighborhood's mothers
are having to choose between life or
death for the kids who are trying to be
recruited by the gangs so for a mother
or a dad is really a decision about life
or death for you and your family let's
check in with the audience and see what
they think I just wanted to ask if the
panelists could talk about maybe the
root of this problem we set up
sweatshops and stuff like that in the
countries nearby and maybe that's why
people can feel it the incentive to stay
where they are we mainly focus a lot on
domestic policy
but I think that when it comes to
talking about sort of like the roots of
migration we can't forget that there's
economic policy labor policy trade
policy that has had implications in the
situation that we have now there's
multiple things connected to the drug
war multiple things that connected to
poverty and also family ties people who
have ready family here but we should be
mindful that people do not migrate to
the United States from the very poorest
places in the world it's too difficult
we don't have a lot of Bangladeshi
illegal immigrants we don't have a lot
of umbilical immigrants from Congo that
migration is actually sort of a
phenomenon of the global middle not the
global model bottom and for a couple of
reasons first it costs money and it
costs women that never mind the Coyotes
remember a quarter of illegal immigrants
come by air overstay their visas these
tend to be people with who have actually
some standing and the places they come
from it is just not true that the choice
is destitution and misery or America
once look at this next number four
hundred and fourteen thousand three
hundred and ninety seven s number of
undocumented immigrants that were
apprehended at the southwest border in
2013 probability of apprehension for a
Mexican immigrant crossing the border is
twenty percent last year 2013 the
highest number of deportations are
record totally false is that not true
it's a complete this is a completely
manufactured number by the Obama
administration is utterly false there
are two types of interception of the
border one is what is called a
deportation and the other is what is
called a return the Obama administration
has taken all of the returns that is
people caught in the immediate vicinity
of the border and relabeled them as
deportations if you will exclude 80
percent of the de boarding the previous
administrations did then you get a
bigger number although I would say it's
something to be celebrated they haven't
increased deportation massively
decreased I think from an economic
standpoint the thing that would benefit
Americans tremendously American citizens
American industry as well as the people
who want to come here is some public
policy almost any would be better than
what we have where people can more
fluidly come and go I think I've gotten
to know many undocumented workers over
over the years both as a reporter and as
a guy used to work in restaurants and I
don't know any of them who wouldn't
rather be home at least part of the year
with their family and when you talk to
documented immigrants take any cab in
New York City those are people who
typically spend weeks or months back
home with their family where they have
investments and other things this focus
on the border completely misses the
problem the way you enforce immigration
law is not at the border the way you
focus enforce immigration laws the
Department of Labor goes to the
meatpacking plant in the same way they
would check wages and hours and they
examine the records of the workers there
and if they find that that plant is
employing illegal people they find the
plant owner and if you do that enough
times the plant owner will say you know
what I am NOT going to pretend to
believe these papers that are presented
to me I'm going to get real papers you
provided me with a great segue fake
documents $120 is the price for a set of
fake identification documents including
a green card the application fees for a
real green card are a thousand seventy
dollars over a thousand dollars let's
get back to this issue of you know a
line when people say you know get into
this line and you know wait it out pay
your $1,070 and become a legal immigrant
like my grandparents who came from Italy
how does one actually get into this
country if not you know illegally the
Bible ways is skills and even those have
trouble I mean that's why you saw the
tech company getting so highly involved
in the immigration debate because not
even the tech industry is getting enough
visas for the demand that we have in the
market so is either through family
petitions so if I'm a US citizen I could
petition my mother I could petition a
husband I could petition children but
besides the the family means and besides
perhaps the you know farm worker visas
or other work type pieces that mainly
target high skilled labor there's
nothing else and the reality is when
that there's a program that people can
actually register for like the program
that the president enacted in 2012 young
people have been paying four hundred
sixty five dollars per application so
far over 300 million dollars have gone
into the Department of Homeland Security
on those applications well that of
course will be deducted from the
enormous amounts in Earned Income Tax
Credit and a child credit that is going
to be paid out the people are newly
qualifying under the president's program
are going to be a huge drain on the
Treasury they're instantly going to
qualify for billions of dollars of
direct cash wage supplements and as
there's
just gets further regularized they will
qualify for other benefits Pete low
skill workers don't earn high wages the
United States has not as generous a
welfare system as other countries do but
it has something and they will be all of
the net contributors back in the 1990s
when the last time anybody looked at the
seriously from the point of view of
state taxes and illegal immigration
bears most heavily on the state rather
than the federal taxpayer it found that
the existing immigration system in
California cost the typical California
family $1,200 in higher taxes for
schools for roads for jails for Medicaid
David I'm sorry to say that but I think
you are just wrong on the net costs to
the average American I'd say that a
whole bundle of things happen when you
take someone from undocumented status to
documented status it really is one of
the rare things you see an economics of
a win-win-win what what you see first of
all is when you're very concerned about
downward pressure on low skill wages and
let's be clear we're talking about high
school dropouts the economic statistics
suggest that the one group of Americans
who do seem to make less money because
of undocumented workers are high school
dropouts roughly 3 to 7 percent less
that's the rough calculus so not nothing
but it's a lot if you're not making much
money to begin with so those people are
suffering that's the one group that that
arguably is suffering because of
undocumented workers so if we take
undocumented workers and bring them into
documented status yes some of them will
use more health care than they pay for
but overall as a group they're going to
have higher wages so they're going to
pay more in taxes the net impact is
positive not negative my name is Alex
and my question is how big of an
economic game do employers get by hiring
illegal immigrants employers definitely
get a really big game and that's for
several reasons so one is the direct
thing that undocumented workers do
comand lower wages than if they went out
into only the documented workforce and
tried to get people to work they're
undocumented workers are much less
likely to call the authorities if
they're working in unsafe conditions or
to make a complaint about sexual
harassment wage theft is a huge thing um
my dad was working for a car wash in
Queens and he was unpaid for weeks and
many workers I came dude so I mean
there's just so much flexibility for
employers to find multiple ways in which
they could profit from undocumented
waiver let's go to another number here
$36,000 that's the median household
income for undocumented immigrants in
the United States for native-born
Americans that number is 51 thousand
nine hundred dollars that's a big jump
right yes it is and that's why we need
reform because ultimately when you have
undocumented workers
it puts downward pressure on all work
play standards on wages and so that's
why we need Congress to actually do
something about undocumented workers how
much our employer is actually saving by
hiring undocumented employees so if you
look in agriculture its massive in fact
we don't know because undocumented
immigrants are so fundamental to
American agriculture that we really
don't have any there's no non
undocumented immigrant market to compare
it to what we do know is it would be
such a sizable impact on certain
industries agriculture meatpacking that
it's almost like destroying the whole
industry and we'd have to start anew no
I think that's really wrong I think
that's that is actually Undine amick
thinking one of the things that many of
you may have noticed I don't know if
this is true New York but in the rest of
America were people of cars when you go
to a parking lot in most American places
and you come out there is some very
unfortunate person obviously making very
little money typically looking very
probably like an undocumented worker who
stamps you in and out of the parking lot
you are in a European city that person
would be a machine that they don't
actually have parking lot attendants
because the higher cost of labour forces
substitution and innovation and higher
productivity productivity in France is
now higher than it is in the United
States because of this driving towards
substitution we would have this in
agriculture the classic example of this
familiar to everybody is the way raisins
are harvested in the United States and
the way they are harvested in Australia
and Australia there's very little human
labor that goes into the harvesting of
raisins in the United States has a great
deal because of the availability of
cheap undocumented labor on that and my
question that I have is what kind of
impact
the drug war had on immigration in the
US there's one way that the drug problem
and the immigration problem look very
similar which is that we in both cases
the Thiet sets that all in motion is
American demand and when the way we
enforce we enforce in ways that are
almost guaranteed to be ineffective we
try to enforce borders we try to enforce
sources of supply you're not going to
make an impact on any kind of illegal
activity until you deal with the demand
if and as Americans understand that
drugs are dangerous and reduce their
consumption they'll reduce the stress
and one of the things I wish people were
considering drug use would keep in mind
is every time anybody uses an illegal
drug that they are supporting and
subsidizing terrible activities across
the hemisphere it's a socially
irresponsible act and in the same way
American demand creates these
immigration pressures through the
hemisphere that effective enforcement of
labor laws in this country would dampen
you've made my argument for me the idea
of making sure every American knows that
drugs are not great and hurt themselves
and others making sure every
undocumented worker recognizes that they
should have followed the proper US laws
these aren't realistic public policy
plans you know maybe it would be
wonderful if that could happen but they
can't happen so let's deal with the
actual reality and I think there's a
growing consensus that the war on drugs
as it's currently operated isn't working
properly and and I'd say the same for
the approach to immigration we're gonna
move on to our second topic now
immigrants in the workforce and this
first number three out of five that's
the number of Americans who say that
immigrants place a burden on our economy
how do you disabuse people of this
notion you know because you think that
this is wrong right yeah and it's very
least what I would like to point out is
to the extent that David and I disagree
we're talking about tiny fractions of a
percent my claim is that immigrants as a
group documented and undocumented make
the country richer by one percent the
strongest claim that david has is that
they make high school dropouts poorer by
7% we're still talking about minor
differences the impact of computers and
the internet the end
act of opening trade with China have so
much more impact on the US economy than
immigration the main way to point out
that immigrants are a net positive is
the simple point that they are not just
a supply of labor they're not just
competition they're also buying things
they're consuming well let's look at the
next number and it'll show us just that
this is the one that complicates things
a bit
one out of six small business owners as
an immigrant and their businesses employ
four point seven million people this is
something that isn't thought about I
mean I don't I don't we can talk about
that sort of deep economics of this but
the idea and that first number that
immigrants just come in they're a drain
on the economy starting businesses to
that you know you have to get creative
you have no papers you can't get jobs
but we're very creative we're very open
oral and so you know even family members
of might have started their own
businesses small businesses who serve
the immigrant community in particular
and you know they've been able to make a
living the government it's saying like
we don't want an documented workers at
the same time we do want your taxes my
parents have been paying taxes with an
IRS number that the IRS knows that they
have because they register what they are
raised to do it for the last 17 years
and we have been contributing to Social
Security which by the way under the
current law they won't get zero out of
that let's look at this number here
fifteen billion dollars that's the
amount of unmount undocumented workers
contribute each year to Social Security
they collect out of that six point seven
percent of what they put in ice looked
at the source for this and said the New
York Times I done a little deeper and it
was by Adam Davidson was I is incredible
so how how are people taking money out
of this if you they they're undocumented
they're paying taxes you know indirectly
paying tax but they're taking money out
so a significant percentage of
undocumented workers have a job in a
meatpacking plant in a restaurant in a
agricultural business and their employer
just sends a check every month every
other week as they do for all of us with
jobs to Social Security and the vast
majority of those undocumented workers
like Christina's parents will never
receive a check back unlike the rest of
us who will receive some
Angell checks back when we retire
there's a small percentage who maybe
came here on a workers visa and then
overstayed that visa so that period of
time when they were here in documented
status they'll collect off of that but
they won't for the rest of their money
but but the point here is that 15
billion dollars a year an estimated 300
billion dollars in total which again
isn't a massive number given the size of
the US economy but that that's the net
benefit to the Social Security system
undocumented workers are paying into the
tax coffers and not taking anything out
right um
no wrong their pay that's true about
federal taxes it's not true with state
taxes undocumented workers receive a lot
of benefits in the state government
tuition is a classic example they use
the roads they use the hospitals
unfortunately many of them use the
prisons so from a state point of view
it's a big loss and the federal point of
view there is a windfall but if the
suggestion is legalization will
strengthen the fiscal position of the
United States that's not true because
what you'll discover is again this is an
overwhelmingly low-skilled population
they are in the federal taxes the state
tax system tends to be regressive the
federal tax system tends to be strongly
progressive they will receive much more
especially from the new health care
system than they are ever able possibly
to contribute let's look at the next
time we're here 50% of the country's
crop workers are undocumented immigrants
those people leave and there are people
restriction is that want deport just
deportations of face people what is the
financial cost to the rest of us I don't
know exactly what the answer for
agriculture is I don't think anybody
envisions mass deportations what the
people who are on the more restriction
aside saying what we would like to see
is first we'd like to see the laws
meaningfully enforced it is not
impossible to do it every other country
on Earth just about does it has been
made impossible by people with agendas
of their own so enforcement is key take
away the magnet then see where you are
Christina to that point I mean this this
is something that comes up quite
frequently I mean if you say to the
average America and they say well you
know these people are breaking a law
follow the law what do you say to that
complaint which is a pretty common woman
I hear so what I say to that is that we
can enforce laws that are totally
are totally out of date and are looking
and not not looking at the rest of the
context when you are taking the you know
the father of a family who has US
citizen children and deporting the
father and leaving the US citizen kids
here how is that a giass law what we
currently have it's not adequate policy
it needs to be reformed and we cannot be
implementing laws that are creating
tremendous amount of inhumane
experiences for people like family
separation like deportations and like
family detention centers did you know
that in the middle of New Mexico we have
a detention center profiting from having
families mothers kids and dads in
detention to the point of a who changes
these laws how do we get these laws
change there are a group of people that
are really really pushing these laws to
be changed immigration laws and they are
people in Silicon Valley between 1995
and 2005 more than half of Silicon
Valley startups have an immigrant as a
key founder there's a lot of this change
in immigration policy is being pushed by
Silicon Valley they want more h-1b visas
you can explain to me what that is and
why this is coming from Northern
California there is a special carve out
an h-1b visa which which allows
companies to petition to bring over
people with specialized skills that
they're arguing they can't find people
in the US who have those skills for all
the economic trauma we've been through
we are still the beacon for the entire
world and it is not that we don't make
it extremely easy for bright ambitious
highly skilled highly educated workers
to come here the fact that if you go to
computer science programs math programs
science programs at any major American
University you're going to see a
majority of immigrants and most of them
will not be able to stay it will be very
difficult for them to get a visa hi my
name is Julia thanks for the spirited
discussion I was curious if there were
any benefits economic or otherwise of
people immigrating from the u.s. to
other countries and how that affects the
immigration conversation I mean the fact
is far far far more people want to come
to America than want to leave America
it's actually a huge
it to us if you look at Europe if you
look at Japan and other developed
nations they're in a crisis
they have far too few young people far
too many old people and they're going to
have a major problem in the future just
paying pension benefits and those kinds
of things just getting the basic work of
a country done let's look at this next
number here one hundred and twenty three
point three billion that's the amount of
remittances sent from the US in 2012 for
little context Saudi Arabia is the
second highest source of remittances
they only send twenty seven point six
billion dollars people come in they earn
money but they send it back is this a
good number of bad number neutral when
you don't have laws that allow you to
bring your family members or be reunited
or travel back and forth what do you do
you can have a choice of trying to
figure out a way to bring your family
back through you know water pink
realities and all of that or sending
money back to help them pay for school
pay for rent pay for food so all of that
cash we're losing because the way that
the laws are structured that doesn't
allow family reunification either look
at my family we've been here 17 years we
want to be able to apply for something
my parents want to be able to buy a home
here they've been dreaming of that they
can't do you have any insights or how
are hard stats on what the next
generations are doing how they are
contributing to the economy upward
mobility for immigrants has become much
more difficult the Ellis Island story is
not the story of modern America and that
is not because the immigrants have
changed is because the country has
changed that this is a country where
there are many many more opportunities
if you have certain kinds of high people
skills if you can work in organizations
if you're good with words or numbers
it's a society that where you if what
you have to offer is a strong work ethic
and it's you know a commitment and a
strong body that's since the society is
much less for you than it did relative
everybody else than it did in 1950 or
1915 just quickly I would say that it's
hard to think about the future of
America without recognizing that we are
see change we are at a moment and we see
this in the internal civil war going on
in the Republican Party where Hispanic
immigrant voters are going to be a key
determinant of national elections and
eventually nearly every local election
as well so I think the way our political
system is structured where our economy
is structured is going to be impacted by
exactly who you're talking about the
next generation Hispanic immigrant
alright I'd like to thank all of our
panelists David Cristina and Adam for
joining us today and thank you all for
watching we'll see you next time
on the business of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more
better money habits calm
you
