of all earthly enticement for over a
year with our regular Jessica I'm
teaching them all rehash of your magic
Shalimar Raja Raja
until February the two-lane highway that
runs through cascade Junction was a main
supply line for the Islamic state
between Mosul and their captain the
rucker in syria by capturing cascade
junction and fortifying the surrounding
hilltops the Peshmerga have weakened the
Islamic state ability to defend Mosul
from any future ground assault vice news
followed the Peshmerga holding the front
lines against Islamic state major here
take it up see the Isis positions over
looking over over there - you can see
plumes of black smoke in the horizon and
the Peshmerga here are saying that what
is that McStay fighters do as they fill
gigantic barrels full of oil and set
light of it and the idea is that
obscures the fighter jets vision and it
means they can't be bomb
hello Mike you know each other give Ana
how would you handle catch another
bunker then I assure the follow my
alimony General's going to take Anna
does general Jay Garrick and Melbourne
Amana gonna check it won't really never
slip community
yeah you almost like but what about you
Sonny
the only regular a boorish is a
legendary commander in the peshmergas
there Avani division his men are dug in
in defense the strategically important
position osteo Savoy jap avea mission in
cepacia alley bar Sharia Juno be her
efficient and Kevin's Oviedo Chilean J
strategy loser Babu - I'm not a regular
cop Kira
she's an animal oh I hate a big racket
bigger I'm more with limited supplies of
ammunition the Peshmerga have to
carefully consider every shot like your
new movie I'm noting that I don't
another girl
why don't you wish it about Monica Oh -
can I Drive - Rocky's a problem because
my god I've and Ramona or Saba us about
the honey for the mineral Hector minor
number three what horrible braking on
okay
a lot of it oh hey yeah baby yeah topic
of love Kevin I got Bobby I show you
 again oh boy Oh forgive I card they
over Peshmerga here think firing mortars
50 Cal heavy machine guns at Isis
positions we think Isis artillery Iraq
and Isis I'm firing back with occasional
meters in the bitch behind us yeah have
you caliber bullets whizzing over I can
hear that though that's Isis firing both
have it up there wasn't one
if I'd mortar and then 50 Cal heavy
machine gun up isolations but I think
Isis artillery are you have it then back
with that they fired a mortar Atlanta
just behind us in the village la oh the
beanie oh don't forget your year baby oh
yeah the Peshmerga are lightly armed
compared to the Islamic state a boorish
reassures his men they'll eventually
receive the heavy weapons they need well
Jamie ahead if you see me your channel
nobody gonna wake up because it's a show
hey everybody got a body sheet but I
think about the napkin how'd you do
enough damage in Ostia what did Tara
just like you having that normativity a
terrible yoga I don't wanna
hey Prakash are a tablet you can
actually a Ave do the Hajj abhava
cush wanna party career how could you
buy quality taxi knocking do go figure
the other mccall we heard such ugly can
it be Michael Adele as you alimony well
I'm glad we're gonna get one over on you
tomorrow see if this point here is so
Street if it's so important the ISIS do
you think they're gonna try and take it
back
did you change your hottie vidi-vidi
horrid organ hold on yeah numerator hot
tub at all our you do you see that's
quite a bit hot in regionals nativity
Kirishima tricky therefore by Jason and
another on TV gonna be kiosk you know
our gig Oh funny Rico washing as a photo
scrimmage
Neville Emma every surah Fatihah
Saba in every day I can be the fish
novel monster cover that oh yeah
whatis are you okay
we're here for Samantha
I guess you live up to you have it oh
please my love yet again not to see how
do you know everything and actually see
these marriages that's it
so you can also get you a hobby that can
be eligible for their share Vasya novels
of each worker in so on bison burgers
called badoom crostini at 4 p.m. just a
shit-jerk it's officially a vinyasa yoga
guru mekomo mineral I think the higher
heroic manner so you get fish water
additive for the vaquita we originally
modest effort anointed no wrong cover a
fall with you Mikey
a Marino Johnny and with anything any
direction from which emerges bench
Tamara it was imagined double bacon
should your honor
I'm hands like I don't need do you think
like many of the villages here are our
local Sunni Arab finishes do you think
that the villagers themselves
some of them might support yeah sure I
got a moist negative up I won't very
clearly I think it work oh yeah I don't
know none of it oh my gosh 30:14 DD the
telef√≥nica more booty genetic lividity
religious or on a date or Jenica
Johnny Jamaat admire cheese telephone we
could go home Hanukkah we're here give
Georgie Margit you never get off o yaara
bar you're avoiding Corey wanted of
geology be here mr. Hatta metalia Hector
I'm Kiera are definitely human today
under Bert Ivy League of a handy hose
orbiter understand away
I'm Maharaja and they are domestic
singing a pesh MERGA basis outside Mosul
listening to Isis talking to each other
in the frequencies are so close because
I got their radio communications their
chatter the Turkmen fighters probably
local tablets and telephones which other
it's raining this coalition jets
overhead
all night long the Peshmerga have
century stations in aruthor looking out
no-man's land through night-vision
goggles we never see any movement
nicest cars or men patrol III no man
that the fire a few shots than just to
let them know the hair that watching
them and they can't get any closer
Oh at the - look over there
Twitty Callaghan we go Lebanon is not
amazing stuff are getting 100 of you
well sir is about cannot restore how are
the Saudi more frequent or movie we
cannot do because he on the day did it
could be no in Aachen in a collapse
didn't know I see benefit low energy for
pudding
experiment a dog artificial caliber both
the opium culture cannot speak O two
people know our dougela Basilica Tory
I'm a certain container
durock Arabic water sorry man Avery
Islamic state usually attack at night
avaricious men man the rooftops watching
for any enemy movement
anyway
the ones you're here why possibly side B
over a review on oho
whatever I can't remove it David on the
teleport over Jordan ogyny
school of real Redemption um our village
had a special delivery internal linking
our Normandy radio coordinating with all
the other journeys he could visually
gasher an easy kill lifted via shall be
our measure Shalimar Rosa Rosa mashallah
but you said I'm not even buzzed for
Germany
it's Dornan's a thick fog obscuring
everything in romance that I'm signing
to live selling my two positions
it's in fog like this I'm rainy weather
when you think the Jets can't help that
Isis generator well then without the
king meeting that topic you owe me no me
just a minute
are you hurt a medic killed order yeah
as the Sun comes up the mood lightens
Abu reaches men have survived another
night and the Mosul frontline the
military weakness of the Iraqi army
further south means that the assault on
Mosul planned for spring 2015 has been
delayed for the foreseeable future
poorly trained and equipped the pesh
MERGA volunteers here on the Mosul
frontline will have to hold these
positions against the Islamic state for
many months to come
you
