it's Tuesday June 9th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines South
Koreans are avoiding large crowds in
buying masks as fears of Middle East
respiratory syndrome spread MERS has
claimed six lives in the country so far
and at least 2,000 people are being
quarantined after having contact with
the infected authorities say there's no
imminent risk of transmission South
Korea has more than 80 confirmed cases
the largest number outside the Middle
East Eritrea may have committed crimes
against humanity that's according to a
new report issued on Monday by a UN
Human Rights Commission in Geneva it
claims the government uses a
conscription system known as national
service to enslave draftees into forced
labor it's mandatory to serve 18 months
but there have been reports of terms up
to 17 years the inquiry also detailed
widespread extrajudicial killings
torture and sexual abuse the UN says the
government's repressive system is the
main reason why nearly 5,000 people flee
the East African country every month a
new resort is threatening access to the
last bit of public beach in Beirut
development plans call for building the
complex at Dalia to dosha turning it
into a privatized beach fishermen in the
area are worried they'll lose work some
have already been forced from their
homes activists say the resort could
also harm wildlife in caves along the
shore locals have formed a coalition to
protect public areas on Beirut's coast
authorities in Myanmar returned 150
migrants back to Bangladesh on Monday
six trucks transported them from a
temporary shelter to the friendship
bridge that connects the two countries
the Bangladeshi migrants were traveling
to Malaysia by boat when they were
intercepted by the Burmese Navy
Bangladesh is Prime Minister has
criticised them for engaging with
traffickers but said they won't be
punished for political or religious
reasons
check out the rice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world it's
not just a little bit more it's a lot
more like five times the normal amount
there's just way too many animals for
the amount of centers available right
now including us we are for about 50%
are so malnourished that by the time we
bring them in some are dead before we
even arrived through our door so it's
they're on death's door when we get
