so I think right now one of the sea
lions that came in is injured so this
one has a flipper injury that is cut is
cut all the way the length of her
flipper and it got infected or that
looks bad so this is all scar tissue
granulation tissue but see these little
divots that's where her joints are and
that's where it's deep in there and so
that's hurting my leg in front of that
or not
California is one of the most incredible
marine ecosystems on the planet and one
of the most famous animals in that
ecosystem is the California sea lion
I've come off the coast of Catalina to
do a dive at a sea lion rookery and
while the animals here seem to be doing
pretty well just 20 miles inland surfers
divers regular beachgoers have been
noticing a really disturbing trend line
thousands and thousands of baby sea
lions have been showing up sick and
emaciated on the shore in December this
past year sick sea lion pups began
beaching themselves in record numbers
throughout Southern California according
to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration the number of
California's sea lion strandings for
2015 alone surpassed the total number of
strandings combined from 2004 to 2012
although marine mammals can become
stranded for a number of reasons
scientists believe that warming ocean
temperatures and changes in prey
availability are likely contributors to
this unusual spike in deaths and as
mothers are forced to travel further
offshore to find food many pups are left
to fend for themselves before they're
ready
we came out this morning to walk the
beaches and just see if we could find
any of the stranded sea lions and as
we're walking on the beach here in
Malibu we found this one this dead one
floating in the surf zone it's too late
for this guy so we're gonna hook back up
with the Wildlife Center who's been
getting calls all morning about other
sea lions that they're going to go out
and try and rescue we tell me what
you're telling me again about why he's
coming up to rest in to warm up alright
so what do we do now I'm gonna try a nut
in ya
okay buddy that's okay
that's okay buddy that's okay that's
okay yeah I got ya which way he's gonna
go into the net
he's biting onto the dad okay
I'm onto it it makes like a little
hammock oh nice Oh what I'll see mine
hammock
alright buddy it's gonna be alright and
how often are you doing this right now
anywhere from 40 to 50 calls in a
weekday and close to a hundred on
weekend yeah here's a lot of yeah he's
good very feisty alright oh he's shakin
yeah cuz he's called it could be cool
that could be stressed it's a very
stressful experience like the whole
rescue rehab process is actually very
stressful for animals you know they're
not used to people they're not used to
being around people they're still wild
animals we spent hours with Colleen
cruising up and down the coast
responding to calls of abandoned pups
Colleen normally a marine mammal
biologist living in Oregon came down to
Southern California to take up a
temporary position with the California
Wildlife Center and help with the crisis
what are the root causes of the problem
besides the fish I mean what's causing
the warmer ocean temperatures is there
some causal relationship we can draw
that's the big question that we don't
really know it is an El Nino year but
it's a weak El Nino it could be a larger
ocean cycle thing now we just don't
understand yet it could be climate
change-related it's just that's the big
question is what's causing these warmer
temperatures and you know that's pushing
all the fish really far offshore it but
when you see all these sea lion pups
coming up on the shore that's an
indicator that the larger ecosystem is
unhealthy yeah so sea lions and marine
mammals in general are what we call an
indicator species especially with the
sea lions when they show up on the shore
and there's something going on with them
there's something happening out in the
water that maybe we we can't see or we
just don't know what's going on there
yet and so you're coming out here and
rescuing as many pups as you can is
there a broader solution and if so who's
working on it I don't know if there
really is a broader solution because we
don't know the root cause and so you
know it's kind of at the local level we
can address the symptoms but the federal
level is where you have to address the
problems and so maybe looking at climate
change issues or fishing issues and
interactions and what's causing this
problem and how do we fix it how do we
address it and make sure that it doesn't
happen again next year or the year after
once the pups are taken off the beach
they're taken to a Wildlife Center for
rehabilitation but with so many huts
stranding almost all of the shelters are
at full capacity we just arrived at the
rescue center and they brought in
several new pups and there's one right
here that is so amazing that they're
gonna actually use a feeding tube to
feed it how much danger is this animal
in I mean how sick is this animal oh
they're pretty sick I mean they're
really if you see now you know they they
don't struggle very much
right now they're still dc-8 and
dehydrated so we're giving them fluids
first and so what she's doing she's
getting this the tube o3m all past their
trachea okay all the way to their
stomach she just wants to be sure that
she's in the stomach and not in the
lungs before she gives the fluids like
it's helping to rehydrate them and then
when she's done she's gonna pinch off
that too so no fluid comes back out and
then she's back so all the ones that
first come in they're so dehydrated
they're they get several rounds of that
first and then we start putting them on
just kind of a week the cows leave meal
once they are feeling better and you
know they had some nutrition and they've
been here for a couple weeks then
they're a lot more of danger to
themselves and us as I start biting each
other coming after us whenever the thing
we have food we have to be careful not
to get them used to us we're gonna go
ahead and feed this pen these are our
best eaters these are the ones that
should be released this week so they
know how to eat they know how to jump in
the water and fight over fish so we're
basically just the stage world fattening
them up and as soon as they get up to a
good body weight they're out the door
and the doctor was saying these guys got
to get up to 40 pounds how much that's
about 50 pounds you got a lot of gear
you got like these shields you look like
you're doing cell extraction
things get kind of crazy when we go in
there to feed they just want the fish
they're not they're not after us but it
just helps us get in give them the fish
and get out a lot easier yeah and your
concern is getting bit yes they do buy
it they do get excited around feed time
and he is holding a fish so they're
gonna go after that fish and if your
hands there it'll take that - these are
pups these are very small animals but
they still have a good set of teeth on
them you certainly don't want to get
that real dirty Mouse here
I'll take that some on the deck for ya
alright so most these guys are eating
well in the pool that's exactly what we
want to see there's one of them that's a
little shy
he might be getting bullied by the
others that's okay we'll feed them on
the deck for now so how many times a day
will you do that
this goes on three times a day and how
many sea lions GFE today we have 23 in
house our capacity is 25 so we're right
it almost said about of our our capacity
okay and then so if there's more rescues
in Malibu what happens if there's more
rescues in Malibu what we'll do is we'll
bring them in here we'll give them some
fluids that will call around to see if
the center in San Pedro can take them or
not if for some reason they can't go
down there we could relocate them to a
safer beach we could hold them overnight
and try again tomorrow there are a lot
of animals that are on the beaches that
are not getting picked off there's just
way too many animals for the amount of
centers available right now including us
we are full and what have you seen
something different this year as opposed
to last year like there's a lot more
extreme we just are seeing you know more
pups than we've seen in the past decade
come up stranding and like five times
the normal amount so it's a it's not
just a little bit more it's a lot more
and the survivability of animals like if
you bring them in likely how do their
chances improve I mean everyone that we
bring in will die if we don't bring it
in this year it's been a pretty rough
year we've been lost about half the
animals about 50% are so malnourished
that by the time we bring them in some
are dead before we even arrived through
our door so it's they're on death's door
when we get them and then these are the
lucky the lucky 23 that are left out of
all the ones that we picked off right
now they're taking the weakest smallest
the most frail animal they have they
can't eat a regular fish regimen so they
mash up and blend up basically a fish
smoothie they feed it to her via a
stomach tube after that they put her in
the pool let her calm down a little bit
and they give her her one fish ration
for the day
yeah I got this in my marital so she's
basically still learning how to eat fish
yes
I'm sorry I can't watch this anymore you
can tell the animals are really sick
when you see a sea lion pup and I can't
eat a little half a fish it's pretty sad
there we go
like what's the cost associated with all
of this there's a lot that goes into
taking care of these guys it's very
expensive there's fish there's the water
there's a staffing I mean there's the
facility it's a break it down per animal
honestly I don't know it would be
probably a couple thousand dollars per
animal there's covering cost for you
guys basically our donors and there's a
lot of volunteers the worker there's a
few government grants that we get but
it's mostly donations so I think right
now one of the sea lions that came in is
injured so dr. Tom here is gonna do a
minor surgery on one of the flippers so
this one has a flipper injury that is
cut is cut all the way the length of her
flipper and it got infected and she's
got some infections near the joints and
so we're using a honey wrap we're
putting honey on it putting a like
bandage and a support well that looks
bad this actually looks good this so
this is all scar tissue granulation
tissue okay but see these little divots
yeah that's where her joints are and
that's where it's deep in there and so
that'll turn my leg in front of that or
not what what's the purpose of honey oh
honey has a lot of antibiotic properties
that osmotic gradient prevents bacterial
growth and it also helps vessels form
she doesn't like that now this is it
doesn't like being healthy yeah isn't it
a painful thing it's a don't mess with
me thing
are you splitting it right now yes of
the ones that are coming in you know
what how long do you rehab I guess it
all depends on their size and if they're
still sick so some of them have some of
them had a really bad in the morning
yeah coming in some of them have a lot
of absences and some of them are just
emaciated and so those are the ones we
just need to you know just fatten them
up and get them healthy again and get
them back on Subban so she immediately
went back into the pool oh yeah she like
you're going to poor I think it's
uncomfortable she says she just wants to
go where she feels you know yeah the
next day we went back to Malibu to see
the California Wildlife Center prepare
for sea lion pups for release back into
the wild
once the sea lion pups were tagged and
put into crates we headed down to
Nikolas Canyon Beach to watch the
release
this is the final part of the process so
after taking these four pups in almost
two months ago feeding them
rehabilitating them they're now at a
sufficient size and weight and they're
eating well enough where they're going
to reintroduce them into the wild so
these are the four success stories
they're gonna open the cages they're
gonna head back out into the ocean and
hopefully be strong enough to survive in
the wild tell me about today well today
we've got four sea lion pups they're all
about nine months old and they should be
ready for the ocean again so we picked
them up about two months ago they were
very skinny very emaciated malnourished
dehydrated in really bad shape and today
they're looking pretty good so we got
them back to health and this is the goal
so hopefully they'll do all right out
there right and then I mean this is this
is it right this is a happy day for
these guys this is it and they're gonna
head straight for that water and they
probably can't wait to get back in that
salt water so what you're gonna do is
stand between the kennels and just open
okay we'll have four people you can fit
with your friendly life
hey everyone good hey on three
come on Fran
rescued rehabilitated and finally
released into the wild this small group
of baby sea lions were given a second
chance at life in their natural habitat
but with more than 3,100 strandings this
season the fate of other pups still
remains unknown and as long as ocean
temperatures keep rising and food
sources continue to move further
offshore baby sea lions will struggle to
survive along the California coast
you
