January we should be seen our fleet at
about 70 percent utilization in January
we were hovering on 45 percent so on the
direct side we'd be looking about 4,000
of our employees but when you look at
all the other services that are
responsible for bringing a while up to
production and are associated with oil
and gas activity in Western Canada that
number is about 23,000 so there's a lot
of people that are going to be impacted
by this drill rate count is a pretty
reliable weather vane for the economy in
Alberta this time last year the count
was 282 today it's 99 that's a 64
percent drop in activity and the lowest
rig count in over 20 years while
drilling is ground to a halt production
at existing wells continues which seems
odd given that demand is down and profit
margins are slimming by the day we met
up with a CEO of a small oil and gas
company who is keeping the pump jacks
going despite the pain of low oil prices
that's the price fell it's bit like
catching a falling nice
we plan to drill about between five and
six wells in the first half of the year
that was our budget was twenty million
dollars and I've drilled five or six
wells now we're doing zero how
significant is the dent in in your
pocketbook right now well it's dramatic
we were expecting this year to be about
five thousand barrels a day for the
whole year and we were expecting
somewhere between eighty and a hundred
million dollars so now we we know that
number is going to be more like 30 so
less than half of what we were
originally expecting and that's
compounded because we're not going to
drill any well so we won't maintain that
5,000 girls a date
I'm at the 1 of 20 battery we're tangled
Creek produces about 1800 barrels a day
and who's a PPE suit you have to wear
its flame retardant and luckily it fits
over my parka because it's cold out
there Jason the Barsky is a field
operator for tangled Creek and oversees
the continued production of oil at one
of Glenn's batteries in spite of the
fact that the oil produced here isn't
fetching the profits they're used to if
you sell to one person and that one
person decides he doesn't want your
product anymore or as much of your
product you are at the mercy of what
that person wants you to do we're going
to be forced to sell to somebody that
already has enough
