it's Thursday June 4th and his son of
news beyond the headlines fighting is
raging in eastern Ukraine between
government forces and pro-russian rebels
clashes have been reported in marinka
outside Donetsk fire fighters inside the
rebel-controlled City battled fires on
Wednesday following an attack an
open-air market rebels reported at least
15 casualties including civilians the
violence is a blatant violation of a
ceasefire agreement reached in February
Colombian lawmakers have approved
legislation that would punish crimes
against women with up to 50 years in
prison the bill was named after Rosa
Elvira salen a woman who was brutally
attacked and raped in a bogota Park in
2012 she died of her injuries four days
later the incident shed light on the
rampant problem of gender-based violence
in your country where an estimated 600
women were murdered last year President
Juan Manuel Santos is expected to sign
the law in the coming days
the rise of religious conservatism in
Turkey could impact one of its most
notable historic landmarks calls are
growing to convert the aya sofia back to
her mosque the 6th century building
served as a Greek Orthodox Cathedral
until 1453 then as a mosque for nearly
five hundred years under the Ottoman
Empire the secular founders of modern
Turkey reopened it as a museum in 1935
many say a change in the aya sofia
status would signify a major victory for
the islamist cause of the ruling AK part
sugar drupal okay india has pulled a
popular snack off the shelves in the
capital deli food inspectors found
dangerous levels of lead in several
packets of maggie instant loudoun the
tests also detected the chemical flavor
enhancer monosodium glutamate or msg
which is not listed as an ingredient
other states have banned the sale of the
noodles or are conducting tests before
following Delia lead the federal
government plans to take legal action
against nestle india which manufactures
the product check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world going to fight for a terrorist
organization anywhere in the world is a
criminal act and if you are a British
citizen and you carry out that kind of
activity you must expect to be brought
to justice and to be punished for it
