it's Monday June 1st and hear some of
the news beyond the headlines militants
belong to the Islamic state blew up the
Todd more prison near the ancient site
of Palmyra in Syria over the weekend the
detention center used to hold thousands
of political prisoners and was an
important symbol of government control
over the area according to activists
Syrian officials removed prisoners
earlier this month before paula mera
throughout the Islamic state group
students across Nepal returned to their
classrooms for the first time since a
massive earthquake hit the country more
than a month ago relief organizations
repaired and built makeshift classrooms
out of local materials like bamboo in
preparation for the students return
rubble from the 7.8 magnitude quake
still surrounds many of the learning
centers officials said more than 8,000
school suffered damage and aftershocks
kept pushing back the start date of
classes crews began demolishing the
burnt-out headquarters a former egyptian
president hosni mubarak's political
party in Cairo on Sunday the National
Democratic Party building situated on
the banks of the Nile was a symbol of
Mubarak iron-fisted rule the concrete
tower was completely gutted during the
uprisings in 2011 contractors working on
the demolition project said it would
take about three months to complete
a tough new smoking ban is taking effect
across China on Monday the new measure
prohibits smoking in all indoor public
places work spaces and on public
transportation Beijing International
Airport closed all 14 of its smoking
rooms in response and plans to create a
total of 17 outdoor smoking spaces
instead data from China Center for
Disease Control shows that about 1.5
million people die from smoking-related
diseases each year in the country check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
idea behind this gun was that it was
something by people for people can
create negative tomate pandigital
nominees white sauce pesto is delaney
own steam geesh a mere he writes
terrorists yamashina business with it
quinoa chips available to play hip or
knee say tomato in Kalashnikov cigna
