you guys have taken one gun off him I
took seven off of them and the case just
keeps getting continued good morning
everyone thank you this is a very
important day for the people of Illinois
Illinois Governor Bruce rauner signed a
bill on July 16th that enacted a
so-called red flag law that allows
police to take guns away from someone a
court decides as a potential danger New
York is trying to follow suit it would
be the 14th state with a red flag law
Washington was one of the first and
officers there are already doing the
difficult work of identifying people who
might be threats in late May the Seattle
police broke down Brian Smith's door and
confiscated all of his guns they were
able to do that because of a new
Washington state law that lets police
seize firearms from people deemed unfit
to keep them it's called an extreme risk
protection order or urbe in Seattle the
final decision about when to airpo
someone has to come from a judge but it
all starts with sergeant Eric Fisk on
skis and the officers in his Crisis
Response Unit the way the process works
is you know we fill out that affidavit
we petition the court we get a temporary
order we go serve that temporary order
part of that service is hey you have a
court date in 14 days right so that the
respondent gets their opportunity to go
to court in front of a judge and give
their side of it you're describing a
very rational reasonable process on a
subject that really does not have a lot
of rational reasonable discourse these
days I think the process that's in place
right now at least the one that we have
here in Washington so far it's it's
worked out pretty well since the law
went into effect last year Seattle
police have considered about 5,000 cases
for a possible gun removal
so far they've moved forward with 30 of
them if if I think of anything else oh
you'd be caught okay thanks
currently I have two extremists
protection order cases one involving a
gentleman who inherited a bunch of money
he decided to purchase a bunch of
firearms that gentleman is Brian Smith
whose guns were confiscated back in May
his neighbors reported feeling unsafe
around him it all started when he
consumed a whole large alcohol started
firing off rounds at crows and stuff
like that so it was posing a little bit
of danger to his neighbors a salute
petition for a extremist protection
order to take his firearms away now
officer Chan is trying to convince a
judge to let the police keep Smith's
guns for the full year allowed by the
law mr. Smith has been served he did not
show today so that is helpful to the
next court to know worth what the
statuses
okay I'm signed to the order reissuing
the temporary extreme risk protection
order for two more weeks thank you
because Smith didn't show the ER PO was
extended news channe had to deliver in
the summons okay I was gonna drive round
to 85th yeah so two houses down a 248 is
Brian Smith I've been working on a ball
on him since mate you guys have taken
one gun off him
I took seven off of him and the case
just keeps getting continued no there is
hold on he's right in the back yeah he
is yeah Smith was home when the police
arrived and they served him the papers
I'm glad that worked out mr. Smith how
are you I'm Josh nice to meet you
captain I do in Captain Smith I draw so
they took some gun from you is that
right yeah what do you think about that
I thought I was kind of snotty because I
haven't accused of anything yeah yeah do
you know about this new law that allows
them to do this yeah the extreme Rick's
protection order yeah do you think that
you qualify for that Oh risk to who whom
you you you I think they there was no
victim when you get a CIT I'm drinking
alcohol I've got guns it was one of
their resembled a Thompson Center 54
caliber muzzle loader here 38 special
lady Smith was in the bedroom so I have
access to and the case he unloaded that
took it and then he he took all the
cartridges in there
well I'm 57 years old I've never
threatened anyone in my life I've never
salted anyone I've never been charged
with that
I never started to kill myself I've had
firearms since 1977 I never even heard
anybody with him I mean what's what is a
standard this isn't Smith's first run-in
with the law this competency assessment
in a separate criminal case found him to
exhibit a number of symptoms of mental
illness and alcoholism Smith refutes the
findings you girls here I see evaluation
you goes all mr. Smith's it's an
alcoholic he's deluded grandiose
whatever it is he just he just slams me
because he I think he was mad because I
was I was in control of the interview
because I'm smarter it was it was
incredible to me that they could just
decide they're gonna use this new law
against a citizen of the United States
that's constitutional rights with no
justification earlier this month a judge
granted the full year her PO against
Smith Smith's mental state wasn't
central to the airpo order but mental
health advocates say they worried the
new law could be used to strip the
mentally ill of their constitutional
rights we have concerns that unfairly
stigmatize mental illness laws that use
a mental illness diagnosis as a reason
to affect people's rights so just being
diagnosed as depressed or or even gets a
friend act he shouldn't be ground for
somebody to lose any rights effectively
yeah the diagnosis on its own should not
be grounds if it's completely separate
from a person's behavior because he may
appear a little different to you doesn't
itself mean that he is a threat
we're never ever saying we should take
away their rights forever and that they
shouldn't have guns for the rest of
their life
we're saying let's let's take a pause
here and breath and see if you are you
know mentally okay to have a good
I'll just as a practical matter right
you're cop and you're encountering
people who you can see that they pose a
danger but this without this tool what
are you gonna do it's what we did before
and just kind of monitor people sit
around and wait yeah wait just wait to
see what happens but potentially wait
for something terrible to happen to
potentially yes so it doesn't make me
some better
you
