it's Monday May 25th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines a group of
female activists crossed the heavily
fortified border between North and South
Korea on Sunday to call for peace and
reconciliation renowned American
feminist Gloria Steinem has led the
efforts of women cross the MZ which is
urging leaders to replace the 1953
armistice that ended the korean war with
the permanent treaties we must simply do
everything we can the group comprises 30
members from 15 countries they
experience mixed reaction upon arriving
in South Korea but said they hope their
work as citizen diplomats will foster
meaningful dialogue Ethiopia's
opposition parties have accused the
government of harassing their supporters
as voters headed to the polls on Sunday
the country held its first national and
regional election since the 2012 death
of longtime leader Melisande Aoi the
ruling party of Prime Minister
Hailemariam dessylyn is widely expected
to hold on to power some polling
stations extended voting until today
because they ran out of ballots election
officials have reported no major
irregularities and African Union
observers lauded the vote is peaceful
preliminary results will be announced in
the next week with full results due next
month Russian President Vladimir Putin
has signed new legislation that targets
nongovernmental organizations a 2012 law
already requires some civil society
groups to register as foreign agents
under this bill courts would be allowed
to prosecute NGOs deemed undesirable on
national security grounds they could be
banned their bank accounts frozen and
their employees fined or jailed up to
six years supporters of the law say it
helps protect Russia from outside
interference but some Western
governments and writes watchdogs argue
it simply reinforces the Kremlin's
continued crackdown on dissent
bad weather has complicated efforts to
clean up a recent oil spill off the
California coast about a hundred and
five thousand gallons of crude have
leaked from a ruptured pipeline west of
Santa Barbara in the area's worst oil
spill since 1969 a number of birds and
marine mammals covered in petroleum
didn't survive rescued sea lions and
pelicans are being cared for at a
wildlife rehabilitation center in los
angeles check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
ahead toma de mesmo pappadeaux covina CA
au vin zzzz foreign light hit american
carriage EG they say he stuck on see
tim's hesitancy promise watson zongzi
moon to mice
you
