it's Friday me 22nd and hear some of the
news beyond the headlines guineas
government is scrambling to cope with a
rise in Ebola infections on the
country's western border there was a
four-fold increase in new cases in
Guinea and Sierra Leone last week most
of the 35 recorded cases are in Guinea a
number of local agencies have launched a
public awareness campaign to teach
people and the four Acharya district how
to prevent infection health workers have
distributed soap to residents as they
monitor them for symptoms this bike has
been attributed to traditional burial
rituals I leave us any 14 same-sex
couples and six straight couples
registered as Rome's first civil unions
on Thursday the union's offer couples
tax benefits better housing options and
access to family health and social
services with there still a national ban
on same-sex marriage which Catholic
officials say will undermine the family
an institution the world's largest
producer of greenhouse gases says it's
making headway on cutting pollution
levels China reduced its kool used by
eight percent in the first four months
of 2015 compared to the same period last
year that translates to a nearly five
percent drop in carbon dioxide emissions
the government is investing in clean
energy technology and closing down
hundreds of coal plants it says these
measures have already helped decrease
the smog in Beijing but officials say it
will take two decades to get the city's
congested air back to acceptable levels
its a bright and fragrant spice used
liberally in Indian cuisine and
Brazilian scientists a saffron could
also be the key to beating the country's
outbreak of dengue fever extreme drought
conditions have forced residents to
hoard water and open containers the
perfect breeding ground for mosquitoes
this year the virus has infected nearly
three-quarters of a million people more
than half in Sao Paulo curcumin is the
compound that gives saffron its rich
yellow orange color researchers have
found that when exposed to light it
produces highly toxic molecules that
kill mosquitoes the team must first
prove their method won't harm residence
or the environment for the city green
lights its use check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world you can talk to otherwise who
don't like Bashar Lawson and they will
tell you that even though they don't
like him they have to support him
because if if he loses and the Islamic
state comes into their areas they will
do what they did when they went into all
the white villages earlier in the war
and Massacre every living human being
you
