other mashable yummy she knows baba
cerrados of the sorrow what your
cardigan forgot oh yes
this area is under attack right now
three huge airstrikes just pounded a
military base which is about if you can
just hear it that's another explosion
right now you can hear the sound of the
out of the missile just whistling as it
cuts through the wind the air strike hit
a military weapons facility in Nigam
military base there's the missiles
flying in all directions right now never
seen anything like this this is
unbelievable
Sanne is on fire right now rockets are
flying in every direction right now come
on we gotta go for over six weeks a
coalition of regional countries led by
Saudi Arabia has been carrying out
airstrikes in Yemen the Arab world's
poorest nation
Saudi Arabia says it wants to destroy
the rebel Houthi movement which sees the
country's capital Sano last year and is
fighting to take control of the rest of
young
the Houthis of grievances dating back
decades and the backed by Iran Saudi
Arabia's regional rival the Saudis say
of their airstrikes and Sunnah target
Houthi military positions but on the
ground
residents are telling a different story
Youssef is a Yemeni journalist on the
ground and Sunnah
who has been covering the airstrikes as
they began we're now approaching the
fifth week of the Saudi airstrikes and
there hasn't been anything you all any
electricity and driving somehow you will
find them thousands of cars are waiting
online a local gas station Queen - most
days after the airstrikes and
anti-aircraft fire have subsided use of
heads the sites of bombings to find out
what happened according to the United
Nations the bombing campaign led by
Saudi Arabia has killed at least 1,800
people with over 800 being civilians but
the absence of international observers
means that accurate figures are hard to
come by on May 2nd at least 20 civilians
were killed in an air strike in a
district of Sawan sonically started at
the Saudia Alejandra Misaki Learjet la
serda voila
mahasin ha ha voila moonshot apamea
Marama advance yeah any Russian burning
butter well I was following Isha watch
up yo Jessa muhabba
Jana Malaysia if you have a lot I'm sure
my life I get it man that's it
Japan after ahead he just got married
five months ago his wife is 18 years old
and his wife was killed in the air
strike
now she was killed after being crushed
to death by this large piece of concrete
just landed right on top of her while
she was sleeping right over there Bob
Moore do you uh wanna could a methanol
pool of mud
anybody know much about lunatic flower
oh my god I've been make this massive
water gun have a go to do Corina tiene
Hulu and if it's not garment knots on
the world again come on dude you got
larger and handle on now more lot stains
over there and the person right here is
telling me that this my baby Nina these
are the bloodstains of the children ah
poor injured
so this is one of the bigger pieces that
we have found in this area from the
Massaro and this is about I would say 30
pounds in weight according to Human
Rights Watch this fragment is a tail fin
of an American manufactured paveway 3
laser-guided munitions are they had in
Masada in Sagna and you get them eternal
Michaela - oh dear
well sharp Allium envira the path of a
caliph al mualim arm and let him
battalion I should well you see I'm a
Chevalier man of life chapel eminence
Alain Chapel Yemen 11 unrelated year
well I have been her boo-boom well
establish our other one home al estado
al-shabaab here many Yahoo apparently
they're still there still searching for
body parts they're still trying to
identify some of those who have been
killed and you can find their body
pieces scattered basically all over this
area and most of them are finding some
body parts some body organs on top of
their roofs I we just found a leg one of
the legs and other body pieces just his
entire body was mutilated cut into
different pieces and flown into
different areas I want to ask why they
kill many people we are these limbs
why did destroy our houses they killed a
lot of boys a lot of girls a lot of
women's and that's forbidden that's
that's it is not Islam
supplies in Sanna are running low food
and fuel are becoming increasingly hard
to find even medical supplies needed to
treat the wounded or in short supply
Adam I'm not happy
look at all foggy Oh coffee signal
Sydney Harbour Sarasota sorrow virtual
Kardashian molested fo an ass Alma sake
alpha Gaara SL built the model boot
llama la la ba la de troll we're not
banished from FC in regular indominus
Rudy Lucia steady full healthy steady
boom boom facade Imam Shafie Sondra well
I stayed for a yahoo thee minion mother
abu allah Sahara
Mossad vomit roofie
Sanaa International Airport has also
been the target of airstrikes as a
coalition seeks to isolate the Houthis
the airport was bombed with an Iranian
plane tried to land the plane which the
Houthis claimed was carrying
humanitarian aid was forced to turn back
but the terminal building and aircraft
and the runway were left badly damaged
the damage has made it harder for aid to
reach the capital and for the wounded to
leave the air striking I carefully
landed right in the middle of this and
almost the entire plane yeah
this right here is exactly where today
where the missile hit so as you can see
a group of protesters and activists have
gathered here in front of Salon
International Airport in a sit-in to
condemn the saudi-led aggression which
has pounded Sinhala international
airport runway
as you can see over here the Civil
Aviation Authority of Yemen they've come
to sana International Airport and
they've called other activists and
they've called on the Yemeni people to
come to somewhere International Airport
today and they believe that by being
here this will ultimately prevent Saudi
Arabia from carrying out another air
strike tell the government of Saudi
Arabia to go to the hell they are realz
criminal people he kill our government
they kill our people we can also have an
addition for living any reason we will
kill them we will give them any day
tomorrow or after tomorrow we will knock
us before the bombing began ordinary
residents of Sunna resented the Houthis
for their authoritarian rule but the
airstrikes are causing a shift in public
opinion now some view the movement also
known as Ansar Allah as a defender of
the nation massive process supporting
the Houthis have become a weekly fixture
in Sunnah the demonstration
other finishable yummy the Kurama
in the penal manager shall actually the
million many days our office alumnus
Aslam colonists Aslam oh what a lovely
girl motifs are available nostrils
the protesters here their message is
very clear and that is a warning to
Saudi Arabia that if it does not and
it's continuous airstrikes than the
Yemeni people they all saw a lot
movement and those who support it would
be forced to take actions into their own
hands they are ready to advance whether
they're gonna MDK episode a I don't want
you to lose your head turn out what has
to shovel you every day at the chapel I
can no let me Jenna
Allah Allah since their origins in
northern Yemen is a youth movement the
Houthis have repeatedly been the target
of airstrikes by both Saudi Arabia and
the Yemeni government in the face of the
recent Houthi advance in March Yemen's
president Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi called
foreign military intervention he then
fled Yemen as the air strikes began on
May 12 a temporary break in coalition
air strikes came into effect however
after five days the strikes resumed the
coalition once again targeting Houthi
positioned
