rewards pristine agility catalysis of
necessity to excite you statistic she
should stay with Prado it's produced we
will impose a cost on Russia for
aggression and we will counter
falsehoods with the truth
Russia has extraordinary influence over
these separatists
no one denies that Vladimir Putin is
literally getting away with murder
nasha partner of Cacambo sustained in
idelicioso dusty Kokubo when escapology
conception in Gregor Julie's Grozny
pinatas LEvolution is results today it
is America that stands strong and United
with our allies while Russia is isolated
with its economy in tatters
I know this is embargoed information but
I believe that there was a Russian
attack on the Pentagon's computer
systems recently I have a few questions
about that a is that true B what was the
nature of attack and how do we know it's
coming from Russia it is true it did
originate in Russia all of its
motivations are not clear they did get
into a DoD Network for a brief time were
detected expelled do you know why no I
don't think we know entirely why the
negative this can't be good right right
for anybody to be inside of our networks
whatever their motivation or to be
inside of the networks of some of our
critical infrastructure protection so in
this case we did what we're supposed to
do which is find out and take remedial
action but it's kind of an indication of
the world in which we live
earlier this year the sensors that guard
DoD's on classified networks detected
Russian hackers accessing one of our
networks they discovered an old
vulnerability from one of our legacy
networks that had been patched
well it's worrisome they achieved some
authorized access to our unclassified
network we quickly identified two
compromised and had a team of incident
responders hunting down the intruders
within 24 hours after learning valuable
information about their tactics we
analyzed their network activity
associated with Russia and then quickly
kicked them off the network
we have Iran we have Iraq we have Isis
we have rush that we have all these
problems where do you rank cyber
security in that list well it's pretty
high up there because it affects them
all and cuts through all of them at the
level of actual warfare all of our
weapon systems are ships or planes or
tanks they depend upon networks to
function right so nobody spending all
that money on them yes if you don't have
secure networks when it comes to
terrorism
obviously terrorists use networks they
use networks to communicate among
themselves they use networks to
advertise themselves and we use the
networks to combat them detect them so
all over the whole spectrum from
traditional state to state conflict down
to these shadow Wars that we have in
today's world cyber pervades all them
and we've got to be good at it if we're
going to protect people across that
whole spectrum now I know you've spoken
in the past you're very passionate about
disarming nuclear arsenals we just got
back from Russian where we talked to
Burgos and who's in charge the military
he's threatened nuclear surprise we
talked to foreign minister Lavrov we
talked to Peskov the voice of Putin
we see a tremendous rise in let's say
cold war rhetoric or cold war 2.0
rhetoric wargames and now over cyber
action how dangerous is this escalation
between Russia and America and where do
you see it going well I did begin my
life during the Cold War as many of us
did and this is a throwback to conduct
activities that intimidate allies of the
United States to rattle nuclear sabers
that have been rattled in a quarter
century this by a country that's got
plenty of problems to solve economically
and pretty and plenty of opportunities
if they want to turn the corner right
I'm not go backwards but go forward
that's the Russia that we wanted that's
the Russia that we hoped would emerge
ten and fifteen years ago and I hope
that's a Russia that can be recreated
but right now they're walking backwards
and that's obviously not good for us but
it's not going to be good forever either
and they still have the second law or
the first largest arsenal they have a
very large nuclear arsenal and they're
one of the handful of countries that do
obviously that's a very dangerous thing
but those aren't going to buy prosperity
for their people they're not going to
like progress they're not going to buy
would what people want in life they're
not going to get them with nuclear
weapons and that's as true as it was
back in the Cold War
so Iran has unprecedented power in Iraq
now through militias and control of some
politicians and security forces because
of Isis because we're using the Shiite
militias to fight Isis how do we fight
Isis are we winning and what is it
Iran's role in that fight first of all
the key to the defeat of ISIL is that
once defeated they stay defeated because
that's the case with terrorists who take
territory all the time and what that
means is that at the end the only real
defeat is one in which the people on the
ground take back their lives take back
their territory that means that has to
be the Iraqi people our approach is to
try to if we can to recreate a
multi-sectarian approach by the
government of Baghdad which the previous
government eroded to the defeat of ISIL
now that will require as you indicate
that anybody who's fighting ISIL be
under the control of the Iraqi
government in Baghdad not off on their
own
control of a foreign power and so we
have made our assistance to the fight
which is from the air conditioned upon
Iraqi government approaching this in the
only way that's going to work in the
long run which is a multi-sectarian rent
those Shiite forces that are under the
command and control of the Iraqi
government in Baghdad we support those
that are off doing their own thing or
doing someone else's thing we don't
support we made that very clear but it's
more than just a convenience it's the
only way to get lasting defeat of price
we were embedded with Isis last summer
and one of the things they told us was
one of their biggest successes in
recruiting was from airstrikes now they
might just be saying that however I
wanted to know your point of view on
that the use of air strikes but also
what do you attribute the popularity of
ISIL or Isis to because one of the
questions I have is how could they have
risen so fast 50,000 60,000 fighters
30,000 foreign fighters how did they get
so popular so quickly well in Iraq
specifically and in parts of Syria they
got popular because the government that
was there was not popular because it
wasn't regarded that specifically the
government of Iraq at the time wasn't
protecting them it's the security forces
were oppressing them not protecting them
and so the people were look
looking for an alternative and it being
a multi-sectarian country it's easy for
that kind of environment to lead to
sectarian violence so that's what caused
ISIL to welcome in there now you can
well imagine that many people in those
regions have come to regret that
decision or at least welcome an
alternative and that's the alternative
that the bank that government needs to
present to them
you could have a better life you don't
have to be subject to the barbarism of
ISIL so that's the appeal in Iraq and if
you go elsewhere around the world to
people who are recruited online and so
forth that's usually a matter as far as
one can tell of people who are looking
for meaning and in their lives right our
desperate in some way what why else
would people be attracted to violence of
that sort of barbaric kind will you be
tasked with delivering on Obama's
promise to close Gitmo I would really
like to close Gitmo right for the simple
reason that I think it is a rallying
point for jihadi propaganda but and I
would just as soon not have it there
however it's easier said than done sure
because it has to be done the way it's
consistent with the law and it has to be
done in a way that's consistent with the
fact that there are people at Gitmo whom
it is not safe to have any other
disposition for then bind bars so that's
the hard part I for the objective and I
think it's a matter of not whether it's
a good thing to do but
land and hell
you've got a tough job if every tough
job one of those lasting legacies of
your job or I know you're new but one of
the folders that you got put on your
desk is Afghanistan this year sadly
there's more civilian deaths at least as
I believe Afghan army destined so the
beginning of the conflict how do we
leave without Afghanistan reverting that
is the central question of the strategy
in Afghanistan the strategy has been to
build up the Afghan security forces so
that they can safeguard the country and
protect the people and keep the Taliban
at bay and keep radicals at bay
we've worked very hard over the last
decade to build up that security force
they're doing pretty well you know I've
been at this now for several years and
if you ask me a few years ago did I
think the Afghan security forces would
be as good as they've proven to be with
some law I'm not sure we're trying to
there but I'm not sure that they are
you're doing awfully well that doesn't
mean it's over yet as you use the
expression leaving and I just want to
say that we intend to stay not in the
combat numbers but in the numbers to
continue to help the Afghan security
forces get better and better because
that's the ticket for the future that's
the key and that'll be the measure of
the success of our campaign in
Afghanistan I'm not going to tell you
it's a hundred percent chances that'll
work out that way but so far so good we
need to stick with it you know we've
done a lot in Afghanistan show a lot
that I've been there loved personally
and I think that the fear is that if
America with the best troops in the
world the best technology in the world
could it effectively quash the Taliban
and how is the A&A going to do that and
also that they're much like you Rach
there are sectarian political and
religious lines that are going back to
pre-invasion and people they are very
worried that the Taliban you know are
having a resurgence in certain provinces
helping for example well it's not
surprising that we can't provide lasting
security in another people society they
do that we try to give them the
opportunity for that help them create
the climate in which that's possible but
for the defeat of extremism to last for
a distinct
it can't be Americans that do that it
has to be the people who live there so
we can help them and that's what we're
trying to do all those places and and is
this the end of our sort of
nation-building go and get the dictator
out and try to nation-build well I think
there there will be circumstances in the
future where we assist countries that
are struggling to protect their own
people
but I think by far and away not only the
American preferred way of doing things
with the effective way to have lasting
effects is to help people control their
own societies conduct themselves in a
decent way so their people want to live
under that government and when there's a
breakdown to get back to a situation
where they're able to take care of their
own people we can assist we can help
open the door and I I think the United
States will always be prepared to do
that but we can't do it our lung that's
I think the key distinction the greatest
fear that I have regarding the outcome
for America of these disclosures is that
nothing will change
mr. Snowden has been accused of leaking
classified information and he faces
felony charges here in the United States
what's your view of him and his motives
it Edward Snowden is a hero a patriot
would not run away and look for refuge
in Russia Cuba or some other country
a patriot would stand up in the United
States and make his case to the American
people
through successes and strains our ties
have broadly endured but I believe we
must renew the bonds of trust and
rebuild the bridge between the Pentagon
and Silicon Valley
now you can correct me if I'm wrong I
believe you're a nuclear physicists
elementary particle physics okay
elementary body
distinction right so you're a scientist
you're also you know Knapp Secretary of
Defense under the DoD you run also the
NSA do you have a job to do to fix the
bridges with Silicon Valley after the
NSA surveillance problem yes we
definitely do and that's a good way of
putting it build bridges because the
Snowden disclosures put people in a bad
position and I think we need to
emphasize a couple of things about how
we try to conduct ourselves well one is
we try to do only things that are lawful
and appropriate second our whole purpose
is to protect people and facilitate
Internet commerce as by the way the
Defense Department has for many decades
and the Snowden revelations there's no
question about it
created a barrier of suspicion President
Obama says don't worry it's only
metadata he's really saying don't worry
you're all just under surveillance I
think most Americans would agree that
for defense or security some lawful
surveillance is fine but in some cases
it sort of went beyond that you know one
of the definitions of a police state is
having the police watching you at all
times knowing when you're doing at all
times do you worry about that well sure
that's why we have to do this very
carefully
we need to behave in such a way but also
be understood to behave into such a way
that we're not trying to get into
anybody's business or their thoughts
we're trying to protect people against
terrorists against intellectual property
thieves and you can't just say that you
have to prove that and that means we
have to operate under laws we can't tell
people everything
and still protect them that's why we
have a Congress
that's why we have laws and ports and so
forth so that they can check on us and
believe me we tell them everything we're
doing it's very very difficult I think
to have a transparent debate about
secret programs approved by a secret
court issuing secret court orders based
on secret interpretations of the law I
know that this is the first time in 20
years that a sitting Secretary of
Defense has visited Silicon Valley why
now well because it's one of the hubs of
American innovation and because the
institution I'm responsible for the
Department of Defense we need to stay
the best in the world the only way to do
that just like any business that wants
to be cutting-edge if we're going to be
cutting edge we have to be open to
change and we have to be open to the
rest of the world I would like to
continue to attract the very best to the
US military and to the Department of
Defense mission we want to be an
environment where kids who are
innovative and really smart want to be
even if they don't spend their whole
life there just spend a couple of years
with us we'll get something out of it
they'll get something out of a mutual
benefit mr. secretary thank you very
much yes I an extra beer
