on Friday Chris Cantwell pleaded guilty
to assault and battery for macing people
last year in Charlottesville he was
banished from the state of Virginia for
five years and given eight hours to
leave Cantwell became notorious at last
year's chaotic unite the right rally
when we are not able to have civil
liberties like the First Amendment the
rallies organizer Jason Kessler was
chased out of town by a mob
but that hasn't stopped him from
planning an anniversary Valley we will
defend our community from Nazi scum like
Jason customer so who is Jason Kessler
and why should anyone follow his lead
again it's a question white nationalists
admit they didn't ask for themselves the
first time around I had no idea who
Jason Kessler was on August 11th 2017
right the guy's been calling me up
asking me for help but Jason is
completely incapable of handling this
and it's way too dangerous and
so you know while going back to that
park might be a worthwhile endeavor
going back there under the leadership of
Jason Kessler while everybody bails on
him because he's incompetent is a
goddamn suicide mission so I don't think
it's a good idea Kessler's a 34 year old
man who has strong opinions about
society but has never quite found his
place in it college career
Aaron was did I mean something captain
do you hear me Chad Jay Jay
he lives in Charlottesville and wasn't
always a far-right extremist he says he
attended one Occupy Wall Street event
and voted for Obama for white people
their hatred for Christians he told this
American life his politics were shaped
by his belief that a woman was hired
over him for a job I was pretty angry
because I felt like I had been taken
over for reasons not having anything to
do with my qualifications but having to
deal with identity variables according
to allegations in court papers over the
last seven years he's only had a job
twice for five months apiece
during the Trump campaign he started
posting alt-right names around the same
time he became obsessed with
Charlottesville City Councilman West
Bellamy demanding he be fired he dug up
some of Bellamy's old tweets to portray
him as a symbol of anti-white racism you
asked me what are my initial thoughts of
them I think a white supremacist I think
a domestic terrorist but I also think
someone who had the mental health
disability he likes attention he wants
to try and vogue some kind of fear and
it really threatens him because he
thinks that black people of people of
color has taken what he believes to be
should only be for white people his
campaign against Bellamy caught the
attention of the alt-right kessler's new
night the right rally was hyped by all
corners of the white supremacist
Internet
but the event was a disaster disbanded
by police before activists gave a single
speech the governor called a state of
emergency and three people died
then at the exact moment the movement
was under massive international media
scrutiny Kessler tweeted that the
counter protester who was killed
has her higher deserved it then he
blamed the tweet on ambien his allies
denounced it last year the alt-right
wanted to show that it could move from
the internet into the real world but it
did so so quickly that it had to rely on
some guys he turned out to be not so
reliable Cantwell was loyal to Kessler
longer than other outright leaders
before calling him an idiot Richard
Spencer Brooke from Kessler after a
disagreement about holding a press
conference the day after unite the right
and he openly feuded with Eli Mosley who
helped him organize Charlottesville over
who is to blame for poor security
they're like oh hey this bad publicity I
got to do something about that so let's
make a PPP people like a hundred tweets
about how Jason is funded by a what
white Muslim Jason is Jewish is what Eli
said and I want to be clear I'm not but
if I if my grandmother was Jewish and I
was one-eighth Jewish I don't care
you you Nazi larper but now Kessler
wants to hold another rally despite the
lack of support we have a very different
plan and agenda this year and that is
not to associate ourselves with extreme
elements and push hate against other
groups this is about white rights and
the fact that white people need to have
representation in this country just like
other groups do he wanted it to be in
Charlottesville but the city denied him
a permit he's appealing that decision
Tuesday if he fails he says he'll hold
the rally in DC but it's not clear who
exactly would show up Kessler did not
respond to multiple requests for comment
you
