it's Monday May 18th and here's some
Adina is beyond the headlines a
wiretapping scandal has turned tens of
thousands of Macedonians against their
government crowds gathered in the
capital Skopje on Sunday to demand Prime
Minister Nikola Gruevski resign and call
new elections opposition leaders or
anxiety Stan umber of phone recordings
since February that his party claims are
evidence of tight government control
over the media judiciary and electoral
officials
Ziya has been charged with espionage and
violence against the state the president
of Burundi has made his first public
appearance since a failed coup attempt
against his government president pierre
and cruz isa didn't mention the plot
during a brief address to journalists on
sunday a day earlier seventeen security
officials including five generals were
charged with trying to destabilize
public institutions the coup leader who
is a general and former intelligence
chief is reportedly still at large
Libya's Coast Guard arrested some 400
migrants from Somalia and Ethiopia on
Sunday the group which included 40 women
and children was discovered outside the
capital Tripoli it's believed they plan
to set sail for the Italian coast of
Lampa deucey but were delayed by bad
weather the migrants were transported to
a nearby holding center there have been
reports of deplorable conditions at
Libya's detention facilities where
authorities can hold migrants for weeks
or months at a time
activists and kayaks and small boats
gathered in a Washington State Bay on
Saturday to protest against shells
planned Arctic oil drilling paddle in
Seattle was held blocks away from where
the oil giant plans to keep two of its
rigs the Obama administration gave shell
conditional approval to begin
exploratory drilling off Northwest
Alaska this summer the company must
still secure seven federal and state
permits the Arctic Ocean is estimated to
hold at least 30 billion barrels of oil
and potentially 30% of the world's
undiscovered natural gas but
environmental groups say a drilling
accident in the Arctic would have far
worse implications than those of the
2010 spill in the Gulf of Mexico
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world we
have made an hour assistance to the
fight which is from the air conditioned
upon Iraqi government approaching this
and the only way that's going to work in
the long run which is a multi-sectarian
way it's the only way to get last eat
defeat ISIL
