so you want to move to New York and
become an artist or maybe you want to
join a band but it's a pretty hostile
economic climate for those in the
creative industry right now there are 2
million Americans working as artists
most of them struggling to make ends
meet there are also people making piles
of money so there's all worth the risk
it's our subject tonight the value of
creativity and this is the business of
life
allow my come on hand welcome to the
business of life
look there's never been a better time to
be an artist right recording is cheaper
than ever
fans have direct access to fans record
labels are no longer gatekeepers the
same is true for visual art more people
are choosing to be professional artists
and last year the art market reached a
record sixty six billion dollars in
global sales but it was really
benefiting from this brave new world
with music sales in the toilet streaming
services the barely pay bands and the
art market dominated by its very own 1%
does it pay to be an artist as always
we're gonna break down the issue using
facts figures dollars and cents and I'm
joined by a panel of brilliant experts
uniquely qualified to answer this
question what is the value of creativity
writer Rip's is an artist co-founder of
the art community dump FM and according
to Wired magazine the Indiana Jones of
the internet his work has appeared at
ps1 the new Museum and the Royal College
of Art Sasha frere-jones has been the
pop critic for The New Yorker since 2004
in the 1990s he fronted the band Bowie
am i pronouncing that right pitchfork
called you guys intellectually muscular
and expectedly throbbing like Adele fat
beans Glenn O'Brien was the editor of
interview magazine a bureau chief at
Rolling Stone and ever at-large for high
times he produced and starred in Glenn
O'Brien's TV party which David Letterman
called the greatest TV show ever and
he's right about that so let's begin
with our first topic joining a band and
let's bring up our first number 99% of
recording artists share 23% of global
artists revenue that means 1% of
recording artists share 77% of total
revenue who in the audience here has
played in the band er is in a band
currently have you made money off of
music and and if so how much and tell us
how to do it money has occurred how much
is kind of nebulous money has occurred
yeah meaning you know it's not a
windfall but it's a functioning it's a
functioning outfit you know but you
can't make a living off of this Abbi you
you can't it just depends on your
standard of living to be honest I mean
you can certainly I mean angel thing
with being an artist you can do it if
you're willing to sort of cut certain
quarters you have to delude yourself I
think you keep doing the music business
was never about fairly compensating
musicians and making sure that they ate
it was you know a way to get a widget
out of them that you could then sell
that game has changed and it's probably
actually a better deal for a smaller
number of people and by that I mean
artists who own and control their own
work and get paid in different ways
let's look at our next number here this
is a Taylor Swift's 1989 as the only
album in 2014 to go platinum by November
a bit of context here of the same period
in 1989 18 albums went platinum or
multi-platinum I mean you can't make a
ton of money
I mean selling records anymore there
used to be kind of a middle tier wasn't
there people could sell a little bit of
some records here in there and make a
decent leather right there's X amount of
money coming in on these widgets that
are being sold the band is necessarily
not seeing any of that money because
they always owe the label money so at a
certain point they've made three albums
and they say why do I still live in the
same apartment and I don't have any more
money than I had before and we went on
tour and after month we have a thousand
bucks like what what was that well let's
look at one of the other ways they do it
now from mid 2013 to mid 2014 we saw a
42% increase in the use of streaming
services and a decline in album sales of
fourteen point nine percent let's bring
up a next stat which kind of feeds into
this 12,000 this is astonishing twelve
thousand three hundred and fifty nine
dollars as a total domestic royalties
Pandora paid out for a V cheese wake me
up as of November 2014 I keep in mind
this song was streamed in America 168
million times so the old ways of
screwing people have just been replaced
by new ways of screwing people right we
know what anyone's deal was Spotify is
we don't know what anyone's doing or
they're all individual even if you know
the amount of money is double that the
disparity is enormous right I mean if
we're shift absolutely buying physical
units to actually streaming stuff online
I mean this is not a way even if you're
super successful to make a living is it
I mean I think this kind of thing has
forced the record industry to consider
what they're actually selling so and I'm
surprised it took them so long to
realize this that they're selling
something that is ephemeral and you know
metaphysical and you know the thing that
they're selling isn't a piece of
furniture anymore it's not an LP it's
not a CD it's the experience of
listening to music and now you know
we're still in this era we've been in it
for over 10 years now of trying to
figure out how to actually monetize that
and how to translate a number like 168
million plays into monetary value and a
lot of it has to do with brokering and a
lot of it has to do with how we evaluate
any creative service these numbers are
depressing if you know true in some way
but you know there's a up side of this
and we'll take a look at this next
number twenty million that's number of
songs on Spotify and we should note here
that four million of those songs have
never been played your television show
is a cable-access show and that early
eighties that's getting music to people
that are a small community that are
trying to hear stuff it's very very hard
to hear on commercial radio very very
hard to get in other places now open the
laptop to seconds you have this entire
world of music that that is available t
right but I don't know any musicians who
became musicians to make a lot of money
I mean I'm sure there are people who've
lived under that delusion but you know I
think it's like I want to get laid I
want to sleep late in the morning I
don't want to have to work in a cubicle
I want to you know I want to really show
the organization I think that people go
into creative jobs for other reasons
because if you really want to make money
you you know you become a wall street
criminal
we actually have a boring Bureau of
Labor Statistics data on how much
musicians earned let's look at them one
hundred and thirty two thousand and
twenty eight dollars that's the starting
salary for musician in the Boston
Symphony Orchestra fifty percent of US
orchestras are staffed entirely by
unpaid volunteers now let's go right
into our next step
twenty three dollars and fifty cents per
hour as the median pay for a musician of
the United States and we should also
note that musicians are 2.4 times less
likely to have health insurance than the
rest of us why aren't we more like
Europe should we not be subsidizing
people if they want to do these things
would there be better art I just came
from a fantastic festival in Poland
called the unsound festival amazing
blend of people a really inspiring week
and everyone got along with everyone
else a lot of that money came from the
Polish government and you see that when
you try to plat plan a festival that's
never let's go to that state fund it's
always like you know is absolutely gonna
come through and sponsor this weird
thing we want to do you know yeah I mean
Glenn you look at this sort of people
think of the Golden Age in so many ways
of music in New York you know bands that
were on TV party um you look James
chance and these people that did not
have an apparatus to support them no
subsidies no nothing not making a ton of
money
I mean is it but hardly anybody made any
money I mean I remember when blondie had
their first number-one hit that week
Kristine borrowed a hundred dollars from
me did he ever pay that I was poor and I
said don't you have a lot of money now
and he said no and I said well where's
the money he said the company says it's
in the pipeline and I think the money's
still in the pipeline it still no why is
your money from Christina stole the
pipeline did you ever get it but we
worked it out we work something out well
now people often say you know you don't
make money on record soon as we say we
make it many other ways and one of those
is is concerts and shows that people but
let's look at this number 400%
it's the ink a Burrage increase in the
price of a concert ticket since 1981
should note that there was a 23%
increase in concert attendance from 2012
to
13 playing shows that's where you look
selling merchandise playing shows
getting stuff at the door is that where
most people in the hundreds can make
mine right yeah that in YouTube views
and in the ads you know that's that's
the thing is bands are realizing they
are TV networks there are platforms they
can you can target brands can target
their advertisements by bands the
conversion that is being earned through
advertising on YouTube is insanely high
give an example though just like if
you're if you are like a kind of a
middle to your band and like you may get
40,000 views of a video if yours in
YouTube like what's a sense of like what
you can earn off of that 40,000 views
that's not I mean nothing not even
telling so you have to be pretty pretty
belly-up yeah it's you're not gonna be
like talking about real money until it's
over a million Jews when my kids want to
listen to a song they play the YouTube
clip then read them they're going to
open an app and like find this play
don't care about that and interestingly
a record label I know a very respected
big but independent label but very
healthy they started putting up entire
album streams on YouTube and people were
like that's crazy
you're aren't you giving away the record
he was like no that penny economy is
paying we are glued to these platforms
they're their inherent or not we don't
have these experiences of you know the
record store you know the even the the
concert experience is a very social one
you know it's all about getting the
Instagram shot it's all about I was here
and people view this thing through their
phone you know whether they're there or
whether they're out there all right
let's check in with the audience and
give them an opportunity to ask a few
questions of our panel hi my name is
navona my question is you know today
there's so many different ways you can
buy music they always talk about voting
with your wallet so how should I buy
music to get the money to the artists
the best like directly into the hands
the artists unfortunately with a lot of
ways you could be buying music there's
very little way of knowing if the artist
is going to see or how much money the
artist will see if any band camp is a
platform where usually the artist has
the fewer number of layers between them
the audience I mean a lot of people on
Bandcamp are simply the van so when you
you know pay 10 bucks for Dawn of MIDI
they get 10 bucks if sometimes they'll
be a label so maybe you'll split it
between two parties but that's one of
the only platforms where I would be
comfortable saying they're getting the
money or sometimes people will set up a
website but even when you go to the
merch table at a show and you feel like
you're giving them ten bucks what we had
to buy those CDs from the label and so
you know there's really no there's no
there's no point at which unless you
just simply walk up to a guy and be like
here's ten dollars that that you know
they're getting that money cool thank
you sure my name is Rachel my question
is do you think that Napster was the
sort of disruptive force that may have
led to some of the changes in the way
that musicians and the music industry
make their money or do you think it was
more inevitable because of the
widespread expansion of Internet access
the music industry failing to adopt new
technology and they sort of dug their
own grave like they should have realized
really early on that they're not
actually selling CDs they're selling
music and it doesn't really matter what
medium it's on what matters is is the
medium that people can access it that
the easiest is actually the most
relevant because it's music that you're
selling it's not it's not a plastic disk
you know which is basically a coaster so
if they had realized that early on I
think they would have been first to
market with a lot of these platforms
that are now hugely profitable you know
high tunes and YouTube and now you're
seeing it again with with FLAC
technology the adoption rate is so low
partially because no one's figured out
how to really monetize it so let's move
on to our next topic where you know
there's lots and lots and lots of money
that is art worth and let's bring up our
first number 265 billion dollars it's
the estimated value of privately held
art in the United States at one point
seven eight billion dollars that's a
total art sales made by Christie's and
Sotheby's in just seven days
this November you know you're something
who
I made a film with jean-michel basquiat
you knew him you own lots of his work
was there any anticipation say in 1980
that the art world would be such a thing
for kind of the 1% I mean I don't think
people really thought about art as an
investment so much until famous New York
collector named Robert skull sold his
pop art collection sold things for you
know a hundred thousand dollars you know
which was like unheard of and and Robert
Rauschenberg was drunk and punched him
in the stomach and you know it was like
a big scandal and but I mean that was
just way way long ago I mean I think
what happened is that like after the
financial crisis people thought well you
know with all these like derivatives and
all this weird these weird financial
instruments you know maybe art is the
thing because it can't you know the art
market really can't be regulated it's
kind of inscrutable I mean you have to
be really far inside to know how it
works my name is Robert and my question
is for somebody who's not a high-level
art collector what is the value
investment value in buying works from
less known artists or investigating art
funds I think the idea of investing in
an art fund is really disaster waiting
to happen
Glenn what is an art fund for those of
us who don't know auction house has
gotten a lot of trouble financing and
advancing money and now we have
independent financier some of them were
Wall Street raiders who are lending
money there or they're buying people's
collections and renting them back to
them all these kind of really
complicated deals that are based on art
which is a market that's only determined
by taste you know on this issue of
collectors let's look at this next
number 600,000 that's the estimated
number of mid to high level art
collectors in the world and not the
average billionaire holds an art is 31
million dollars worth of art filled
things that I hear a bit an average
person hears about all right you know
the triptych for a hundred and thirty
million dollars Jeff Koons piece that's
60 70 million dollars how does that
down to the average artist I think there
is a much larger speculative market
right now and so what that has done is
created a kind of like drive for a lot
of young artists to participate in the
speculative market and to you know drive
up the price of a very young artist you
know he maybe someone in their 20s can
sell a piece for $100,000 and it has
everything to do with the secondary
market and this wave of collectors who
have methodically figured out how to
control and pump up the price of art
through you know the same tactics that
have been happening and Christie's and
Sotheby's for since you know maybe the
60s or something like that which is you
know price fixing and and planning how
much to bid and and cool you know
consorting with your friends on you know
who's gonna be valuable and who's not
let's look at this next number after
Andy Warhol's death ninety-four brillo
boxes were produced and incorrectly
authenticated as his work the highest
price of one Birla box before the
forgery was revealed two hundred and
eight thousand six hundred and ninety
five dollars Glenn you were in the
universe of the factory where yes
yes I was I think what was interesting
actually about the pop artists was that
there was this moment when you know
people were making really interesting
prints and multiples and other they
thought about art as being for everybody
and not something that was going to turn
out to be worth fifty million dollars
and I think that's kind of what's
missing today is is that you know
everybody art should be made for
everybody it shouldn't just be what they
call vey bland goods which are the
things that operate in the reverse of
supply and demand
it's things people buy because they're
ridiculously expensive it's you know the
most decadent form of conspicuous
consumption let's look at this next
number
half of Americans expect that the next
50 years computers will be able to
create or indistinguishable from that
made by humans when the Baghdad Museum
was looted in 2004 there is an argument
made that said we have high
resolution copies of all this stuff do
we need the originals and what is the
purpose of having that individual piece
when we have such sort of detailed
reproductions of them I mean what is the
importance of having that individual
piece in the case of you know Warhol or
something whereas a screen print you
obviously can reproduce a screen print
and meticulous detail and it would be
the exact same thing and I think part of
you know that work in particular is
about the mechanical ization of art and
to expose the truth of society that we
live with right now which is the truth
that the idea is the thing so so what is
the value of something that can be
reproduced it's the value that it's an
honest-to-god example of the ultimate
origin of an idea how many people here
go regularly go to museums and I guess
I'm sort of more specific level go to
galleries you actually get being clapped
for for doing freedom so that's lows as
most people most people go out more
people than advance yeah I mean exactly
one person in a band but everybody
everybody goes to galleries to seduce
thing all right um let's look at our
next number I'm two million arts
graduates 10% make their primary
earnings as working artists the median
income for crafts and fine artists is
$44,000 right or did you go to art
school yeah I mean is it necessary to go
to art school for young people who have
this desire to move to New York and make
their way as an artist absolutely not
absolutely not no so it was a was it a
waste of time for you I don't think time
has ever wasted that's a decision you
have you know anyone can decide if they
want to make their time valuable or not
but it's definitely a waste of money I
don't think that the skills required to
be a creative individual whether you're
trying to sell music or whether you're
trying to sell your art or whether
you're trying to get a name for yourself
as a designer are skills that you could
learn from reading media theory or
reading art theory or anything like that
of course having a understanding of art
history will help you make better art
but that's not going to help you sell
art what's going to help you sell art is
understanding psychology and
understanding sociology and
really talking to people and figuring
out what their desires are and and
branding and so creating value for
something that is more or less
subjective to many people especially if
it's a concept is is the art in and of
itself and usually the the physical
object is just the manifestation of that
hi I'm Kathleen
um so writer I really liked what you
said earlier about like you don't have
to go to art school to be a successful
artist but I guess my question is what
is the value of even getting a BFA or is
there an alternate like creative
cultivation system that you know like
the factory or something like that you
know that is a better model I think
almost all the successful artists I know
were somebody's assistant that's where
you really learn I think it's really
kind of one of the last sort of
apprenticeship situations that it exists
I also think that there are certain art
schools that are really good like the
New York Academy of Art which doesn't
teach theory really but which just
teaches studio practices I get emails
all the time from people I don't know
who are just like soliciting advice and
I'm like extremely flattered by that and
I think especially today you know where
it's not that hard to figure out
someone's like contact info or you don't
have to call them it can be kind of
impersonal like this sort of engagement
to the Internet and so just like sending
emails and like asking people what they
think of things or you know just asking
really honest humble advice if you don't
feel proactive about doing that like you
shouldn't be doing pursuing a creative
job anyways because it's not like
anyone's going to hand you anything
because no matter what you make it's
like you have to create the value for it
and explain it in a way that people will
understand alright I'd like to thank all
of our panelists for joining us today
writer Sasha and Glen and thank you all
for watching we'll see you next time on
the business of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America
see more better money habits calm
you
