every word pristine ideally the catalyst
of necessity to excite to society she
should stay with travel is produced we
will impose a cost on Russia for
aggression and we will counter
falsehoods with the truth
Russia has extraordinary influence over
these separatism no one denies that
Vladimir Putin is literally getting away
with murder
nasha partner of Cacambo sustained in
the Augusta Kokubo when you see a
politician he concepts and very casually
doesn't it pretty much the solution is
results today it is America that stands
strong and United with our allies while
Russia is isolated with its economy in
tatters
I know this is embargoed information but
I believe that there was a Russian
attack on the Pentagon's
computer system just recently I have a
few questions about that a is that true
B what was the nature of attack and how
do we know it's coming from Russian it
is true it did originate in Russia all
of its motivations are not clear they
did get into a DoD Network for a brief
time were detected expelled we know why
no I don't think we know entirely why
but negative this can't be good right
but for anybody to be inside of our
networks whatever their motivation or to
be inside of the networks of some of our
critical infrastructure of protection so
in this case we did what we're supposed
to do which is find out and take
remedial action but it's kind of an
indication of the world in which we live
earlier this year the sensors that guard
DoD's on classified networks detected
Russian hackers accessing one of our
networks they discovered an old
vulnerability from one of our led legacy
networks that had been patched
well it's worrisome they achieved some
authorized access to our unclassified
Network we quickly identified two
compromised and had a team of incident
responders hunting down the intruders
within 24 hours after learning valuable
information about their tactics we
analyzed their network activity
associated with Russia and then quickly
kicked them off the network
we have Iran we have Iraq we have Isis
we have Russia we have all these
problems where do you rank cybersecurity
in that list well it's pretty high up
there because it affects them all and
cuts through all of them at the level of
actual warfare all of our weapons
systems our ships our planes are tanks
they depend upon networks to function
right so no point spending all that
money on them yes if you don't have
secure networks when it comes to
terrorism
obviously terrorists use networks they
use networks to communicate among
themselves they use networks to
advertise themselves and we use the
network's to combat them detect them so
all over the whole spectrum from
traditional state to state conflict down
to these shadow Wars that we have in
today's world cyber pervades all that
and we've got to be good at it if we're
gonna protect people across that whole
spectrum now I know you've spoken in the
past you're very passionate about
disarming if the Arsenal's we just got
back from Russian where we talked to
Burgos and who's in charge of military
he's threatened nuclear surprise we
talked to foreign minister Lavrov we
talked to Peskov the voice of Putin we
see a tremendous rise in let's say cold
war rhetoric or cold war 2.0 rhetoric
war games and now overt cyber action how
dangerous is this escalation between
Russia and America and where do you see
it going well I did begin my life during
the Cold War as many of us did and this
throwback to conduct activities that
intimidate allies of the United States
to rattle nuclear sabers that have been
rattled in a quarter century this by a
country that's got plenty of problems to
solve economically and pretty and plenty
of opportunities if they want to turn
the corner right and not go backwards
but go forward
that's the Russia that we wanted that's
the Russia that we hoped would emerge
and in 50 years ago and I hope that's a
Russia that can be recreated but right
now they're walking backwards and that's
obviously not good for us but it's not
gonna be good forever either and they
still have the second line or the first
largest arsenal they have a very large
nuclear arsenal and they're one of the
handful of countries that do obviously
that's a very dangerous thing but those
aren't going to apply prosperity for
their people they're not going to buy
progress they're not gonna fly with what
people want in life they're not going to
get them with nuclear weapons and that's
as true as it was back in the Cold War
how do we fight Isis are we winning and
what is Aaron's role in that fight
first of all the key to the defeat of
ISIL is that once defeated they stay
defeated
