I'm in Leuven to meet a group of women
who run a campaign called campaign in
Islam I want to find out more about the
kind of stuff they do and what they
teach in terms of their interpretations
of Islam campaign Islam has a strong
presence online
uploading numerous videos promoting
their literal reading of Islam and
criticizing the policies government and
society of the West this is true
femininity because we preserve our
beauty rather than being exploited for
the symbol of oppression is not the
Muslim woman is in fact the Western so
where are we going now
are we just going to attend circle talk
so we're looking at life and a slum so
without further ado let me go into life
on this slum because we don't have much
time this is a huge topic on dijanna
then went on to describe the Autopia
envision of a perfect Islamic state a
state that she now believes is in its
infancy in Iraq and Syria but their
ideas drawn from Islamic scholars she
describes a world where every element
even the dimensions of houses are
considered any questions about houses I
know you're dreaming about your dream
house and your assets inshallah one day
here did wash your feet you bitch donkey
yeah leave it a countryside if it was a
new care yeah
one of the friends demolish all the
houses yeah you would probably have to
do that here so when the her leave is
established and he's doing his role and
his stomach state isn't its managing the
affairs of the people and then you're
free to go into spheres of life that you
probably wouldn't have done here I'm in
Britain what they used to do is every
woman you should be treated as a witch
right so if you know your history so
well how did they know if your witch or
not yeah so if you if you die then
you're not a witch
and if you survive you're rich well our
delivery just killed a person so okay
let's quickly go to rights of the
non-muslims if they say I don't want to
pay jizya which is a for a small amount
of tax then they will be vanished they
will be kicked out or they will have the
choice either convert to Islam or if you
don't want to be hit and then you will
be killed okay so what you want to do
you
you were given the choice what you want
to do okay
farming after two hours the woman's a
lot of time in the local community
center had come to an end how do you
know about what what they've managed to
do so far in terms of these regulations
so easy because the citizens that are
living in Syria and Iraq most of the
moment to attend Internet and they're
able to communicate they're able to
record themselves what the truth is some
might say that the media they're getting
out is also propaganda on their behalf
well the main people that are doing
propaganda against the Islamic state the
Western media so we generally do not
touch the Western read-only we don't
have to look farther the guise of
conflict to know how far they will bend
the truth do you have some sort of fear
yourself that you might go there and it
might not be where you expect or what
you believe it to be nothing ultimately
you know we may not even need to go
anywhere because we know it's not may
come you know yeah we know from you know
the evidence is from the man from the
Sunda that Islam will prevail upon the
whole entire earth we are grateful to
live and see one of the great prophecies
of the solar to be to come true which is
the Halawa that is we never thought we
would see what's really
you
