it's Friday my eighth and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines busted
Italian and US authorities say they've
dismantled a sophisticated cocaine
trafficking network that spanned three
continents at least 16 people were
arrested during raids in southern Italy
and the New York borough of Queens where
a pizzeria allegedly served as the
command center the FBI found a stash of
weapons as well as a hundred thousand
dollars in cash we are also seeing
groups associating with each other that
we have never seen before officials say
the operation strengthens evidence of a
growing relationship between the
kalabrian ndrangheta crime syndicate and
New York's Cosa Nostra clans this was
the scene in indian-controlled kashmir
on thursday hundreds of public sector
workers took to the streets of srinagar
to demand permanent employment they say
there's no job security in the temporary
contracts currently offered by the
government police fired tear gas and
water cannons after the protesters tried
to force their way through the gate of a
government complex more than two dozen
people were arrested brightening
bleaching lightning it's been all the
rage across Africa for years but citing
health concerns the Ivory Coast has
banned skin whitening creams the fear is
over unregulated products which contain
mercury steroids and hydroquinone a
compound used to develop photographs
medical experts warn these creams and
lotions can cause high blood pressure
diabetes and skin conditions among other
problems analysts say abandoned Gambia
didn't stop people from buying the
products so it's unlikely this one will
be any different a new device could be a
game-changer in disaster zones finder
sends out low powered radar into rubble
when the signal returns rescuers receive
measurements to detect heartbeat a heart
rate and respiration the technology was
developed by NASA and the US Department
of Homeland Security a prototype is
currently being used in Nepal to help
find trapped survivors following last
month's devastating earthquake
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world esto
es una muy llamo Nefer pasar en silencio
le cose che che non TI piacciono di
export cacia part n dudettes poor circa
radio tener de cambium ntk ban on all
three Anka sulla grand event
you
