it's Wednesday May 6 and hear some of
the news beyond the headlines burundi
says it's willing to release those
arrested during the last round of
anti-government protests to restore
order to the streets the government made
the announcement on the same day the
Constitutional Court approved president
Pierre and currents eases bid for a
third term demonstrators in the capital
bujumbura say they'll never accept the
president's extended grip on power and
that their voices clearly don't count a
Berlin supermarket has stumbled upon
more than a potassium pick-me-up in a
shipment of bananas the discovery led
police to a total of eight hundred and
thirty-eight pounds of high-grade
Colombian cocaine in crates sent to ten
stores it's the largest stash of drugs
ever seized in the German capital and
for traffickers a loss of nearly 17
million dollars in E rocks Kurdish
region more than 5,000 displaced he SED
children are struggling to get a proper
education they receive lessons in
overcrowded tet schools at a refugee
camp near the city of the hoop eight to
ten students share a desk and there's a
shortage of books sanitation also poses
a challenge there's a lack of bathrooms
and kids are getting each other sick
because they're crammed in close
quarters the students are calling for
more resources and facilities so they
can make the best out of a bad situation
the oils typically used at day spas are
derived from flowers and herbs but this
Croatian establishment swears by a
substance distilled from crude for 100
euros customers soak and baths of
naphthalene oil to treat skin conditions
such as psoriasis and eczema evidence of
its healing properties dates back
centuries but some Western experts warn
the exposure could put people at risk of
cancer check out the Vice Mays youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world as a
local organization weapon person
challenge from the government itself
because they've decided to centralize or
collect all the ones in their own Prime
Minister Relief Fund and we don't have
an access to that that means we won't be
able to distribute anything
