Thursday April thirtieth and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
children who once fought in South
Sudan's conflict are adjusting to
civilian life some 280 former child
soldiers were recently reunited with
their families as part of an agreement
with a militia Oh didi oh yeah they're
now in a reintegration program that
teaches them how to live as normal kids
again we continue to have focus on
ensuring that these children are given
the opportunity to get a better future
for themselves UN estimates around
13,000 children have been recruited by
various armed groups across the country
as you can see the earth spinning a
Russian spacecraft launched to deliver
supplies has failed to reach the
International Space Station the progress
59 cargo capsule spun out of control
after reaching orbit on Tuesday
officials have abandoned plans to
salvage it the unmanned spacecraft is
expected to burn up when it reactors the
atmosphere the capsule is carrying 6,000
tons of fuel food and medical supplies
the program plans for these kind of
things that happen there luckily the
astronauts are waiting the shipment say
they won't run out of provisions before
the next resupply mission we do have
other vehicles that can resupply the
space station tourists planning a
holiday in Venezuela might want to pack
a few rolls of toilet paper the shortage
of goods that's caused long queues at
supermarkets has hit the tourism
industry some hotel operators must now
shop at several locations just to find
the products needed to prepare meals
others can no longer stock rooms with
toiletries and have asked guests to
bring their own and that might not even
alleviate the problem Venezuelan
officials could confiscate these goods
from travelers over fears they'll be
smuggled across the border
jurors in the eighth on Cates murder
trial said they were deadlocked on
Wednesday following 11 days of
deliberation Pedro Hernandez is accused
of the 1979 kidnapping and killing of
six-year-old pates who was the first
missing child featured on a milk carton
Hernandez allegedly confessed to the
murder in 2012 but his attorney argues
his client has a low IQ and a history of
hallucinations the judge denied the
defense's request for a mistrial and
asked jurors to continue deliberating
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world it
doesn't work all of the world we see
where it's kind of forced on the guy
rack when you impose a system to the
people that will live in it you're not
being democratic you can't take a
totalitarian dictatorship and just say
oh it's gonna be a democracy tomorrow
