democracy is a pretty simple thing right
but it has its flaws only the majority
gets hurt corporate interests might have
a little too much power when you are
trying to do the right thing and no one
stops you that it's called democracy was
it the only thing what do you think vice
news has been talking to people around
the world about the big issues and
asking how they think then you should
cover them on this episode we look at
how opinions about democracy change
around the world if you want to tell us
what's important you can do it with a
Skype video message or with the hashtag
vice news the first thing that comes to
mind when I hear democracy is power to
the people
democracy is when politicians are
following the expectations all the
people who elected them my
interpretation of democracy is a
political system that enables probably
only heaven voice you have the
opportunity to engage in the political
system in a meaningful way people have
the power so people choose other people
to go represent them in this situation
the democracy is best maintained when
there are a set of balancing powers
within the state the Italian system
doesn't work as well as the other
European systems I personally don't feel
democracy works very well in Mexico
sure institution in Ukraine doesn't work
properly but same time we are getting
better I cannot think of any country in
the world that apply discounts at the
100% let's say the United States or or
Europe but even though there it doesn't
really work I believe democracy is
applicable in every country of the world
hi to democracy this is a sense of
individualism I don't know that that's
like a global man
unfortunately it doesn't work all over
the world we see where it's kind of
forced on like Iraq when you impose a
system to the people that will live in
it you're not being democratic you can't
take a totalitarian dictatorship and
just say oh it's gonna be a democracy
tomorrow I don't think a democracy yet
has to be exported in in a strong way in
every country is applicable the
democracy is very good for the people
and everyone should accept that I
believe the best way to solve a conflict
is a democratic one the only way that
you can actually solve a conflict is
through a dialogue I think democracy is
not the best like solution it's not a
drug which will help open like solve all
problems democracy should always be
questioned sort of being taken right
away is the solution to criticize or be
suspicious of a democratic system is to
be suspicious of the people that are
leading it that doesn't mean the
definition of a democratic system is
tainted it just means the people running
it are not doing what they should be the
idea of democracy and the concept of
democracy is not working as it should
mainly we are getting decisions making
from the top going to the bottom are not
the other way around that is the way
democracy should work this is why this
is very difficult to fish out the
essence of democracy because you always
have to deal with the lives of the
politics people are increasingly losing
faith in democratic institutions as they
feel abandoned by their politicians
there's a lot of work that needs to be
done but I still do think of democracy
as a good way for a country to flourish
I hope in a hundred years people will
have more freedom a hundred years from
now I think that countries will have
less and less power they will give it to
international organizations so I hope
that in a hundred years democracy will
be
system for all countries in the world I
wish one day there is a real democracy
