it's Wednesday April 29th and here's
some of the names beyond the headlines
Afghan security forces are fighting to
thwart Taliban advances in the country's
north fighters have seized government
vehicles and weapons and a push to seize
territory in Kunduz province the
government says more than 50 insurgents
have been killed in recent days a claim
the Taliban denies the group announced
its annual Spring Offensive last Friday
thousands of teachers from across
Colombia have marched in Bogota for the
last week to demand greater pay in
benefits union leaders say they
announced the walk out after salary
negotiations with the Education Ministry
failed the teachers also want better
health care and for the government to do
away with evaluation exams they say keep
them from promotions the strike is
keeping more than nine million public
school students out of classes the
government has refused to restart talks
until the teachers go back to work
saudi-led airstrikes targeted the top
brass of Yemen's Houthi rebels on
Tuesday the homes of two senior
commanders were badly damaged and it's
unclear if the men were inside during
the attack airstrikes also damaged the
runway at Sanaa International Airport
security officials say it was to prevent
an Iranian plane from landing gulf arab
states have accused Iran of funding the
Houthi rebel movement last week the
Saudi government said it would halt its
bombing campaign to allow aid into the
country but the runway damage has made
it unsafe for planned aid flights to
land
a forest fire broke out near the site of
the world's worst nuclear disaster on
Tuesday Ukraine's Prime Minister Arseny
Yatsenyuk said the fire 12 miles from
the abandoned Chernobyl power plant was
under control
experts have warned wildfires could
redistribute the large numbers of
radioactive particles that remain in the
forests around 200 firefighters were set
to contain the blaze the largest in the
area since 1992
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world war
federal panel of still Elisaveta at
unstoppable fascist a Caterpie delegate
era yee-ha date simply log on by a chest
cavity otra vez Putin competitiveness
our culture
