once upon a time the American worker was
a company man tethered to one job
looking forward to retirement pension
the gold watch not anymore
how we work what we do for work what we
want to do for work has changed
dramatically within the space of just a
few generations so how does this new
landscape of work affect you it's our
subject tonight the American workforce
and this is the business of life
I'm Michael Moynihan welcome to the
business of life the American workforce
has changed dramatically over just a few
generations the Americans work in
manufacturing anymore
union membership is an all-time low the
number of women in the workforce is
almost tripled in the last 50 years so
what does this mean for millenials who
make up 1/3 of the American workforce as
always we're gonna break down the issue
using facts figures dollars and cents
I'm joined by a panel of brilliant
experts uniquely qualified to answer
this question what is the structure of
the US workforce
our best friend Adam Davidson the
co-founder and co-host of Planet Money
your father Jack Davidson I was in
trading places the best movie about
business ever exactly uh
Megan McArdle is a columnist for
Bloomberg view or she covers business
economics and public policy she's also
the author of the recent book the upside
of down wife failing is the key to
success and Jamelle Bouie is a staff
writer for slate and has previously been
a staff writer and my former colleague
at The Daily Beast and The American
Prospect welcome all let's begin with
our first topic the rise of the
Millennial workforce and let's bring up
that first number one in three members
of the US workforce is a millennial Adam
let's first of all define the terms of
this hideous word that I hate so much
millennial I sort of think of it as as
people who were born somewhere between
nineteen eighty eighty two to the mid to
late 1990s I mean I hear about it all
the time there must be something
dramatically different about these
people than I was 20 years ago right
this workforce is much more diverse not
just a lot of women but this workforce
has many more Hispanics many more
asian-americans probably has a lower
portion of African Americans that did
relative to a generation ago just
because of kind of persistent high
joblessness among young African
Americans and so that that's true
diverse workforce yeah young African
Americans now than it was say ten years
ago right that's surprising well let's
look at this next number of thirty years
old
it's the average age of with which
Americans begin earning the median wage
which is currently set at 28
thousand 31 dollars in 1980 that age was
26 years old kind of a question of you
guys here that median wage is $28,000 is
there any here that earns under that
somebody does but no one submitting it
no you do you're a college graduate when
did you graduate college three years ago
and have you had a job since that is how
common is this a third of college
graduates roughly basically don't seem
to beginning the wage premium we expect
from having a BA there's millions and
millions of Americans who really believe
they were told that if you get a college
degree
any college degree you're going to have
an easy path to the middle class and I
think the Millennials are the first
generation to discover that's not true
the year I was born 1970 something like
7% of Americans had a BA if you got a BA
in the 1970s you had to really work at
it to not become middle-class you had to
really screw up and there everyone has
to have a BA if they want to you know
what it becomes not so much a guarantee
of success but just a ticket it's almost
a lottery ticket like if you don't have
it you can't win but just because you
have it doesn't mean you're gonna win
all right let's look at this next number
here 75% of hiring managers say young
applicants biggest mistake is wearing
quote inappropriate attire to the
interview 46 percent of managers say
their biggest hesitation when hiring
young people is good unknown long-term
commitment to a company Megan apparently
these these youngins are like wearing
bikinis to interviews and they won't
stay at their jobs is this true this is
the most common complaint that I hear
that you know Millennials are hopping
from job to job because they all have a
TD and they're lazy and they want
something better you know I think that
there there is some truth to the idea
that Millennials are different from
earlier groups which is not to say
necessarily worse but different they're
different in a couple of ways one is
that they don't stay and in part that's
a reaction to the fact that like
lifetime employment isn't a thing and
hasn't been in their lifetimes and so
why would they feel like they have to
this sort of loyalty to a company all
right let's look at this next number
ten years amount of time it takes for a
recession era graduate to begin earning
as much as those who graduated during
periods of growth that's a pretty
alarming number isn't it there's a kind
of long tail of this recession isn't
there
there are certainly groups for what that
probably isn't true if you were a
college graduate I'm like a competitive
University which is a pretty small
number of people I'm not sure that
number is true for you but if you just
graduated it of like a East Atlanta
certainly by that by itself means that
you're probably going to spend you know
longer Navarrete reaching the average
wage and then plus the recession means
you you may never recover the lost wages
ever in your entire life alright let's
kick this over to the audience and see
what you guys think hi I'm Katherine so
you mentioned getting a degree seems
like totally necessary but at the same
time is a bit like playing the lottery
also seems like a guarantee to kind of
accumulate all this debt so what do you
think about this risk of taking on all
this debt versus entering the workforce
right away I think that if your
ambitions are to be have a reasonably
comfortable middle-class life I do think
a BA is a prerequisite you're not going
to get there without it I think there
are ways of improving your odds so
paying attention to the cost of the
education versus the career path you're
choosing if you want to be an artist or
you know be a freelance graphic designer
or something like that you might want to
take on less debt you might want to
stretch it out over a few more years if
you want to be a mathematician or an
engineer or something like that where
you can pretty quickly learn what the
earning power is then you can feel
comfortable taking more debt
I think the key though is to think of
this and I hate to say this I didn't
have to do this when I was 18 but to
think of it as a bit like a business
investment I still think it's really
important to be curious and learn new
things and and take classes just cuz
they sound fun but but thinking a little
bit like like it is what it is a major
investment in your life a big issue
right now is raising the minimum wage
how does that play into some of the
workforce issues you've talked about I
mean I you know I think every sort of
when it comes down to it were looking at
a political economy problem you can can
raise the minimum wage you can keep them
which is saying but doesn't change the
fact that the structure of our economy
right now just isn't built to deliver
you know living wages to large numbers
of people
there are communities that for a long
time have essentially been segregated
from any kind of wage gains or wage
growth to begin with that there's just
no economic growth there part of me
thinks the whole argument over the
minimum wage is sort of be almost
besides the point I think it would be
very nice to get paid more
but simply raising the floor I don't
think it's going to solve the problems
we face now let's move to our second
topic I mean we're talking about you
know what we do let's talk about how we
work and let's pull up that first number
twenty four point seven with the rate of
unionization for American men in 1983 by
2013 that number has dropped to eleven
point nine percent
let me ask people here is anyone here in
a union anyone here in a union man in
the back in the Union what union or UN
dc37 what what union is that it's the
New York City employees
you're okay young people here almost
nobody is in the union we get rid of
manufacturing and this doesn't that get
rid of it but it's it's significantly
smaller that's been in the past I mean
there's still other sectors where people
could unionize why aren't they from the
1920s to the end of the 1970s we had
what economists call the great
compression you had wages for the
poorest Americans and wages for the
richest Americans coming closer than
they ever have before or since so the
rich were getting richer but the poor
we're getting richer faster than the
rich were getting richer and since then
we of course have rising inequality
that's become such a broad issue where
the most of the gains of the economy
over the last 40 years have gone to you
can quibble over how many but between
you know 0.1 and 20% of the population
most Americans have not shared in that
growth and generally the left will argue
that this was not accidental this was
not just something that happened it was
a deliberate policy associate with
Ronald Reagan and others to crush the
power of unions to weaken them and and
to change the work force by government
Fiat that the money was stolen by the
rich effectively what are the benefits
right now of being in a union I mean I
have this sense that you know if you're
if you're in a union shop or unionized
workplace you're going to get a lot more
money and you know they're people that
don't hire union employees because they
have to pay them a lot more
of the benefits of unionization is some
vehicle for political power a vehicle
for sort of pushing for political
parties to address your concerns with
the lack of unionization I think what
you're saying is a political system
isn't particularly attentive to the
concerns of a lower wage worker it's
purchase people like us at this table
right like you know the political system
is happy to cater to to us but if you're
making $20,000 a year $35 a year you
know doesn't care let's look at our next
number 2.8 million that's the number of
temp workers in the US and one in three
temp workers say that they were offered
a permanent positions by their clients
is this a function of just the recession
are we moving towards a more temporary
economy because we don't have to pay you
know healthcare benefits
and it's cheaper I think the key thing
in all of this is to sort of think of
three levels of employment there's
high-skilled college-educated etc then
there was something that there was
manufacturing and manufacturing
generally gave a wage premium to lower
skilled workers so when as manufacturing
has dramatically disappeared over the
last 15 years you know a third of
manufacturing jobs disappeared in last
15 years people who leave manufacturing
and go into white-collar professions so
you know my grandfather was a factory
worker I'm not I'm doing much better
because I got a BA but the people who
left manufacturing and went into lower
skilled professions you know cliche is
working at Walgreens where Walmart
working at Burger King are doing much
much much worse and also are more
marginally employed they come in and out
of the workforce more fluidly
and so for those three groups I mean I
would generally say in high skill elite
jobs being a temp workers a good thing
it means you have lots of options you're
diversified you have lots of being a
temp worker in at the lower skill level
that's a very bad bad thing I'm a temp
worker here this is a temporary job for
me I don't have a full-time job yes that
was actually a plea to the people over
there so maybe I think for you it's a
bad thing but you are a low-skilled work
I don't like yeah
yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah hi my name
is Kareem and I think that an
interesting point that I feel like you
guys didn't talk about was the internet
and how this factors into everything
from high unemployment rates in other
countries like Spain where there isn't a
Google there isn't an Amazon or an apple
to support the rising workforce and then
also in the United States with people
not taking vacations working longer
hours and and and even having the choice
of being a temp worker because the
Internet makes it easy to do that so I'm
wondering what your thoughts are and now
that would be a common thread amongst
all these conversations I think that is
massive that's why you've touched on one
of the key key points there's sort of
this fascinating like a Barbella
fication of corporate size that so if
you think of the internet you do think
of these massive companies Google and
Amazon and every view that they're going
to get bigger and bigger I don't need a
st. Louis Google and a Brooklyn Google
and a New York Google Google can be
Google all over the world so you can
imagine a world where there's just a
handful of companies that are just
massive and bigger and bigger and bigger
just like Amazon etc at the same time we
have like uber and all these apps that
are going to create this diversified
highly unstructured loosely connected
workforce it's easy to imagine and and
you know I various people have tried
this it hasn't quite clicked yet but
this idea that you know maybe you're
walking around the street and you have
some app that suddenly says hey there's
a guy around the corner who wants to pay
someone 30 bucks for the next ten
minutes and you walk over and you help a
movies desk or whatever and then I think
that app exists yeah yeah and it's
definitely on your phone yeah it's kind
of a an analogue to the hollowing out of
the middle class job the hollowing out
of the middle company you know that
there used to need you needed an
accountant in every small town well now
there's online accounting there's
internet-based accounting that you can
do same with purchasing and all sorts of
types of jobs where you see this
spreading out bigger and bigger and
bigger and smaller and more loosely
attached and and I think that's the key
question and
don't yet know what that means it's
fairly easy to just tell a story in
which that's a pretty ugly dystopian
world where you have a handful of
all-powerful corporations and a whole
bunch of loosely attached you know folks
who are desperately trying to put
together a living it's also possible
that tell a story where that's pretty
cool where were you where everybody can
kind of carve together a life from lots
of different things and be well
diversified etc we don't know yet that's
probably the question of the next decade
all right let's look at this next number
here 40,000 applications were submitted
for Google's 2013 summer internship
program there are only 1500 positions I
mean what does this say about the sort
of changing economy and that the young
people are going into trying to get jobs
like this there's an elite that moves
around the country in search of all of
these kinds of jobs and so people who
three years ago would have gone to Ohio
State and then gotten a job in dad's
insurance office or applying for that
internship and the number of positions
isn't growing nearly as fast as the
demand for this kind of national elite
that is willing to go anywhere and do
anything to get one of usually Manolete
can apply for a internship where they
don't get paid right and they can these
are the type of people that can live in
New York on a pretty small salary
because other people are paying for
their lives right I mean does that not
kind of make sure that that never moves
these people will always be on top the
likelihood of social mobility is seems
to be roughly unchanged as far back as
we can measure in other words if you're
if you're born one of the poorest people
in America you have a very like high
likelihood of remaining at that level
something way less than 50% of America
are in that top group and and getting
over that line is crucial if you are
over that line if you work at Google you
have an elite MBA you actually have an
amazing the 21st century is going to be
way better than 20th century for
equivalent people but then there's a
huge number the majority of Americans
who fall behind so no wonder people are
fighting so hard to get in that top
group let's look at this next number
zero days that's the amount of paid
vacation Americans
are legally entitled to four French
workers 30 days is this a system that we
should adopt or is American America just
too culturally different when it comes
to work to be like the French or the
Swedes of the Danes it sort of like a
question for again an elite slice of
workers for four I think many American
workers even if they had vacation time
I'm not sure they would take it just
because they need to keep up with the
rising cost of so much of so much
fundamentals in their lives and then for
a growing chunk of workers as it as
we've discussed there there is no
vacation time they are low wage workers
who if they're taking - if they have
time off it's usually because they can't
find work for that period of time hi my
name is Sam and I'm wondering about the
French example is there an economic
effect for the generous benefits they
give their workers and on the other side
is there an effect for the non generous
benefits that we have in America there
this is an enormous debate but as a
general rule the u.s. is the engine of
growth for the world economy
you take the US economy out of the last
60 years and the entire world is much
much much poorer now within that world
France and Germany have done very well
for themselves they have very robust
economies and there's a strong argument
that the French worker per hour worked
is more productive than the American
worker per hour worked that being said
the typical French worker works far
fewer hours than the American worker
does so as a result the overall economy
is fairly stagnant just one other thing
I would add is growth in Europe over the
last 15 years has been in part dependent
on effectively forcing Greeks and
southern Italians and Spanish and
Portuguese people to take on enormous
debt to fund the growth in Germany and
in France and in other countries and
we're now seeing the downside of that
let's look at this next number two out
of five US employees work more than 50
hours a week not only the jobs are
changing we work a lot don't we compared
to other countries but I could uh we do
it's us in Japan in the
in the hardwork Olympics but it is a
mystery I think that we work so so hard
if you went back a hundred years and
just described to someone what even a
lower middle class life today would be
like and say just working 20 hours a
week you could afford air conditioning
you could afford the occasional vacation
there's these planes that will take you
places I think most people 100 years ago
would say oh and I at that point I'm
done hi my name is Meena I was wondering
as a millennial do you have any good
news for me you've talked about all the
disadvantages in the workforce and
employment so are there any advantages
for millenials
you have longer life expectancies than
any of the rest yeah you got these I
have these cool phones yeah if you look
at periods of dramatic economic transfer
transformation like the beginning of the
Industrial Revolution or a hundred years
ago in America when we were still
shifting from a agricultural farming
economy to an industrial economy the
great things that came were always
surprises and the previous generation
was not able using the rules of the old
system to predict what was coming so I
think weirdly enough the best news for
you is that we have no idea what the
best news for you is something is
breaking something is falling apart my
prediction would be that for bright
ambitious curious people the 21st
century is going to be a better century
that on average you're going to make
more money but my prediction is you're
not going to make it like your
grandparents did where you had a certain
salary and you got a 3% raise every year
and you could kind of predict on your
30th birthday what your salary would be
on your 60th I like to thank all of our
panelists for joining us today
jemelle Megan and Adam and thank you all
for watching and we'll see you next time
on the business of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more
better money habits calm
you
