if you look at the human rights
violations taking place in the country
you can see that behind that is still
continuing to live through human rights
crisis
on Sunday the Formula One Grand Prix
will be held in Bahrain amidst global
fanfare but the situation is far from
calm in the small Gulf kingdom since the
opening of the f1 event on April 17th
Bahrain ease have taken to the streets
they accused Formula One management of
ignoring human rights abuses in the
country last year vice news travelled
undercover to Bahrain to witness the
government's brutal suppression of
pro-democracy protests which kicked off
in 2011 on April 2nd just weeks before
the f1 opened by Iranian authorities
arrested Nabil Rajab one of the
country's most prominent human rights
activists on charges of insulting the
kingdom prior to his arrest vice news
met with regional police home I remain
one of very few human rights defender
who are speaking from inside the country
the majority of them are behind bar or
they are in exile so now if they keep me
in jail so you can see the almost
silence the holy human rights community
in this country and that should not go
with the silence of respected government
we have a negative past with the Western
government who does respect the human
rights in their own countries but when
it come to the outside they see their
interests I mean I would say
specifically United Kingdom just days
before a jobs arrest and amidst mounting
pressure forming one management issued a
statement pledging to respect human
rights in Bahrain and monitor F ones
impact in the country her any
authorities during the formula when they
want to portray a country that is at
peace with itself which is not the case
if you look at the human rights for
is taking place in the country if you
look at their fourth anniversary of the
protests of 2011 just a couple of months
ago you can see that behind that is
still continuing to live through human
rights crisis formula one comes a
critical time in British Bahraini
relations in December Britain announced
the landmark deal to build a permanent
naval base in Bahrain where the United
States Navy host its fifth fleet last
year the UK named Bahrain a priority
market for weapon sales in London
dissidents continue to criticize
Britain's conduct in Bahrain this month
activists protest the arrival of Prince
Nasir bin Hamad al-khalifa
who was accused of involvement in
torturing prisoners NASA known as
Bahrain's playboy Prince had his
diplomatic immunity stripped by a
British High Court last year but he
continues to visit London there is a
strategic interest between the UK and
Bahrain and because of the UK silence is
not only silence at this stage UK is
playing a misleading role to the
international community and right now
behind is building them a base and this
is just like a paid off a Sunday's race
approaches the pressure is on Formula
One to honor its newfound commitment to
human rights in Bahrain we'll have to
wait to see how what reaction Formula
One will have if during the Formula One
complaint if there are human rights
violations if people are being prevented
from from going out to protest what sort
of reaction Formula One will come up
with
