it's Monday April 13 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines a stampede
at a Kenyan University has killed one
student and left hundreds injured panic
erupted in the University of nairobi's
kikuyu campus dorms on Sunday morning
after an electricity transformer
accidentally blew up students feared
that the explosion was another attack by
al-shabaab militants leading some to try
and escape by jumping from windows
several stories high Kenya is still on
edge just one week after gunmen killed
148 people at Korea University in the
east of the country post-apocalyptic
seems unfolded in Russia's remote region
of Siberia where a massive wildfire has
damaged more than 20 villages and killed
four people officials said the fires
grew after residents began uncontrolled
grass burning more than 118 homes have
been destroyed in the several days since
the fires began russia's emergency
ministry said more than 1,000
firefighters had been deployed but
strong winds and dry conditions hampered
their efforts water treatment plants in
Iraq are struggling to cope with the
rising level of pollution in the Tigris
River the waterway is so clogged that
sewage and garbage are building up
between boats and on the river's banks
farmers have been left with no choice
but to use the dirty water to irrigate
their crops leading to contaminated
harvests staff at the treatment
facilities also reported developing skin
infections due to the hazardous
pollution
thousands of anti-government
demonstrators protested near Copacabana
beach in rio de janeiro on sunday
protesters were driven by a massive
corruption scandal at the state-run oil
company Petrobras many also called for
the ouster of President Dilma Rousseff
whose approval ratings have sunk to a
new historic low the carnival-like
demonstrations were the second such
gathering in less than a month check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world
