oh I I didn't monster asking here is our
VG it's in a setup loggia to know how
they become well arsenic led our nozzle
on the harder Alvin McCraney doaj Muslim
attempt of a large Nanjing that women
prefer Montana Idaho Jews medical
cannabis in medina de calidad de sevilla
- with logic yoga monopoly Bella even
with no feet Awami general
a few days before the US military began
airstrikes in the city of Tikrit vice
news traveled to front lines in the area
and learned that not everyone is free to
leave or return to their homes the
majority of the thousands of fighters
taking part in the Iraqi government's
campaign against Tikrit are volunteers
on the way up here we counted at least
15 groups that make up the hash Adele
shabi or the popular mobilization the
hash Eagle shabby formed after a decree
by Iraq's Shiite Muslim religious
leaders that able men should join the
fight against the Islamic state
the campaign has been marred by
accusations that the Shiite militias
have engaged in war crimes it is a
charge to which they are sensitive in
dealing with the conflicts refugees has
become a preoccupation for some of the
groups inevitably most groups try to
paint a positive picture of the
situation even as tens of thousands have
been displaced by the current fighting
saw the teen were hunag unhappy by my
own gnam gnam bubble show ability to see
he let has Dashami cotton mill video are
to allow you to how they act up and your
own version of it most clearly and all
that I am highly enriched is your
leopard get ammonia Michele Tafoya
helium I'm an ear to listen
nice ain't so sure how I hugglemonster
asking here is what I use you face
elephant no mini mi rhoi many Erica
enough see that happy little milk yeah
young James a hostage it Elena what are
they said acts I'm Danny a nurse
turns up a civil this it was very
fortunate for you so good Hubbell
they took us to one of the nearby
frontlines to see the situation in a
village there is the village of Kashi
fuh southeast of Tikrit it's been
occupied by popular mobilization forces
for about forty days and some of their
disorganization here is very evident the
lack of training is well they just began
firing for TV cameras at what they said
was an Islamic state position about 400
meters away before their commander
yelled at them to stop in case they drew
fire the militias have been accused of
mass killings as well as looting
occupied villages and preventing
villagers from returning the majority of
the fighters that make up the hostile
shabbiha from baghdad in southern Iraq
the majority a lemon mechanic - Maruyama
will do column Cidade Tessier Madonna
and trehala medina psalm allah will be
logical eat more than Sierra
badal Watan is an Iraqi NGO worker who
would come to the village to assess
whether refugees could return where do
they think the families have gone from
this area this has a value but not
semantically but with environmentally
no ID on you yes Atalanta disbelief and
attendance in our Elsa but before shock
us homicide albert in awhile if Alan
Alan min-ho nobuta new esoteric become a
little similar to Michigan stuff anymore
the del Oro Fionna Marathi parent Arabic
in Medina the tallies are at a severe
and - with logic in Omaha Ali company
and her team start to become a champion
you know - had double button
Luca della Karen
the jihad Halon Marcellus alarm on on
the way back from the outskirts of
decree we found some refugees who had
escaped immediate violence but we're
still trapped this camp on the road
between Samara decreed is one of at
least three in the area where people
fleeing the fighting have been detained
by the Iraqi government militias bait I
spoke with a number of the families who
said they had either been forcibly moved
there by militia groups or stopped along
the road others said their sons had been
conscripted by the militias to fight for
the government just get kimi o sorrowful
twenty I'm gonna set up your jet to help
others become well on our video so Alana
after food wire hey I wanna live in a
cabin I scrap and it's Happy's really
acceptable cut off a minute
jihad a car for possible oh I ran a stop
so far not working on server Rasta
Intimus Miguel Cotto hallelujah Akiyama
spinel or acharya Myint even defeated ok
I'll call tomorrow
no livadas Ptolemy attacked our
immersion
will you're in Des Moines Parramatta
you'd have miss McManus me duplicate
another server kiloton Tikrit yeah for
Jelena Yan one gallo allocatable Carmen
or AHA mr. huttle acaba Jill one ticket
was a consummate I shall attempt Alagna
Needleman Papa Montana hi - I know Judy
oh hi the shadows later are the result
and older he had only had no leisure to
file a logically mom chef can be one
pushing more like a squish come on guys
we're not gonna do we go one of them
Nagi
Imam Ahmed will get you know shallowford
rd Maharaja did you saw a high tariff
Murayama unofficial become my magic show
with you i'ii go no no come miss elaina
teacher
heiio - house hottest mom - chicken
anymore when i'm with you know what
not Thomas come on and - Hamish should
promise my job at the beginning of
April Iraqi government forces entered
the center to creep
led by US airstrikes despite promises
from the Iraqi government to stop such
events reporters in Tikrit witnessed
government forces executing prisoners in
looting homes and stores as the Iraqi
government makes plans to retake Mosul
the largest city under is control such
actions further undermine its claims it
will protect civilians in the areas it
recaptures
you
