well classes are just starting at the
primary school here in the community of
Altamont a in the morning the girls go
to the primary lessons in the afternoon
it's the boys turn many of these kids
walk for miles in the mud from the
chacras the area's the cultivated areas
in what was once the Amazon rainforest
and which the community about pomona has
slowly deforested essentially to
cultivate our the crops that they grow
here nyomi novecento noventa says para
atras fue un colegio estatal publica yah
parte de en dos ito noventa y siete
hasta estos dias ya s question fregada
esto VA a la religi√≥n sig no tengo nada
que ver con la carita de nies a grouper
so no solamente insane mode a whole
Aurelia que la ley y piensas de Vere
acha toh tu edad section re aprender and
Pilate me apart to be back at me maten
para again the six Allamuchy pen salen
en lugar no quien se como para llamar
tomas unas I married Kelsey getting ten
denarii
