Panama so to Saluda astrology Madonna's
KO blessed a hostile is total dystonic a
Camino Natasha Tom hi separatist am
Seward observe are determine what I need
and was bubblin no key enemy enemy ruse
in product items of Norton Show a
stylish normally retail item
we're at Karaka this is the checkpoint
between the territory controlled by the
Ukrainian government and areas
controlled by the pro-russian forces
since the conflict has started this
place has started to look more and more
like an actual border crossing
they've got border guards here but the
Russian border is nowhere near there
entering passports into their database
if you're a foreigner they even put a
stamp into your passport they check all
of the cars going through here and what
the locals in the separatist areas have
been complaining about the most is the
fact that the Ukrainian authorities
aren't letting all of the food and
humanitarian aid through Daniels with
that please majora is the repertory
cinema in reportage this really feels
like an actual border crossing there's a
man in a window he's taking my passport
he's entering it into a database but
once we cross through this checkpoint
technically we're still going to be in
Ukraine this little boys a pusher
yes kaki to fishery product at the
turanians era provides it sure is a blog
post me at NASA guinea Kiki
tavarov Kotori ilza Bible prophecy put
Shamu
come here son T businessman dekotora
boats P she Daniel sky garage to Amira's
the result in Chabot properties compose
appreciate do you do swap robust
community live P reach in periphery a
polymerization of was in we were
stubborn man you can't rally raw
material at the cafeteria jacket or a me
piggy stereo rebelliousness Nadine likey
rhetoric read no yes Perry has a tone so
grainy show ask aquatic Alicia stove was
you did the worst of each economy Chesky
some proper wash some improvisation is
public yet can you please lesson in
unison Illinois cm carried off yeah the
worst of Rajdhani yavari Papa Dali na in
control aroma territory oh where the
parking lot just near the checkpoint and
there are dozens of trucks here that
haven't been let through to the other
side so despite what they're saying at
the Ukrainian checkpoint
these truck drivers said it's nearly
impossible to get the paperwork that
would allow them to take their produce
through previous team Alicia spread the
productive Alicia Alicia we shoulda seen
us two fishes to ie to some point with
separatism as coca with honest idea yeah
it's a good some winter is now super
sleigh machine is am super productive
aronia produced a loss immediate Simoni
proposed
ah notches with trouble crania with
budget another plugin overall training
amor en Amy Bravo was the those initial
kakuta speed proof of would not Awad is
the keifa Schaffer canvas Ramona is nice
you know give it latency peratis
stammering no I don't know pull it
enormous motor play yet we shall Scotty
paparesta Lu a Reuben hey Cassius Willis
will be the talk Tom one blade Natasha
watch Gazeta see most of the drivers are
afraid to talk to us on camera because
there's a lot of soldiers around here
with guns we're the ones who aren't
letting them through the checkpoint but
we've managed to get one driver to agree
to speak with us on future muy
emocionante pray ahead me piscopo's
prosto many Mo's remark as Apache mo
Merkabah sassy neo bleep repeat rosca me
Panama hallelujah astrology mil deniz
koyu blessed a hostile is toda esta el
camino natasha tamerica separatist am
Seward observe are determine what I need
and was goblin no tiene me anime was in
product items of Northam show astrology
normal energy
the truck drivers told us that no foods
getting through into the separatist
areas at least their trucks aren't being
allowed through so we've come to a
supermarket in Donetsk to find out what
the actual food situation is here inside
the separatist controlled areas
a lot of the shelves here are empty this
is the most prosperous city or used to
be in eastern Ukraine it's not that
there isn't any food there's still some
food here but the selection is a lot
less and there's just a lot less of it
these Bulls emotional product over ship
miss Lee pitching coach without concern
oh dear capodanno momento para duty near
me bus table
what new Nepos table hotel Enuma good
previs t-mobile pasty our story shown
your proposed Cal Sweeney Mary of God
now so who was you signaled fini
Epidaurus Allah o Chancellor Shalu you
Ozma SHINee usual Woodson at 7:00 as I
see you stood the most awesomest is this
new product of his regime no party huge
cognitive areas no true Buddha why
senior something you pay less resist a
parish key presses key mu mixed rasa non
kakuka with storage tada
it wasn't no less of a stock in good
strata stress is over you vodka video
strategy Chesky tavar evo hotel this
will not blow mahaprabhu sir
if your sister stylist at much no idea
yet
Oh Charlie Parra Zeeland pitcher
watching the channel
we're in what was called the de bolts of
a pocket this area used to be controlled
by the Ukrainians but now it's been
taken over by the pro-russian forces and
the humanitarian situation in this part
of the separatist regions is the worst
of all right now this is a bread line
basically because there's no electricity
in town and all of the shops are empty
because it's a seafood diet soda per
diet since it is blood now it's much
more produces the password to punch it
leave me scope of powers Etna practice
come on come true
fortress bt treaty new jeebies groweth
tallies descrition Holloway yeah
capoeira attacks Kovach's walk away in
mcsweeten spasibo pass America a panda
yes lilo secreto family to toe with year
who died America's no no soon it is
davina this year I knew she would work
as I shoot one decimal console
vanish news no when you bring in a piece
on America is ready Libya - transit -
randomly Vieira's hibari Valley so
Dottie what x2 I just product me problem
with a schematic time the darkness which
encloses product mi na seuk Regina Puma
- Bakir of Allah
Nimue what we distill oh yeah stewed are
productive
territory okra Paso Nova see reproduce
say no which Ã¡ndara here
Mucha noonas finally steak en esto ludia
me de you - criminy taxes Nevada Linney
PNC illudium
MS our plot a ludus idiot Oh c'est pas
voicing paddle ethnicity bizarre plot
she's a black Kira valid does your
mousse not ecology estates ICM best
wishes to have Anya Yin is not Lydia
pasta much cuz they cut more Latinos
hang upon you to worry charging up the
true crime Avante oh I know we were
trained on your patio it's a weenie
atopic easily in each - I know because
you're stubborn even being a no
talk era Batali pensiero Nakamura mutiny
you begun yet what that Sonya stupid but
usually even here
debaltsevo was the scene of some of the
heaviest and most recent fighting so the
situation here is worse than it is in
other parts of the separatist controlled
areas but the Ukrainians seem to be
trying to put economic pressure on the
self-declared republics as a whole maybe
to try to turn the people against their
separatist leadership that doesn't seem
to be working but the other reason that
they might be doing it is because they
want to put the cost of supporting this
region on Russia which is already going
through economic difficulties
there are two lines here
you can get plastic tarp here a lot of
the houses have big holes in them now so
that's an essential product stop the
rain from getting in and then there's
another line going in over there that's
the brother they've got a coupon
rationing system here issued by the
local separatist authorities basically a
ration card like you'd see during World
War two you can see how different the
situation here is the further you get
away from the Nets the less food there
is and the more people rely on
humanitarian aid because the stores here
are pretty much empty and the only
commerce and food that's going on or the
little tables outside with people
selling you know vegetables and
knickknacks a PNC hasta luego ideally
Boudicca palaca what's up good night
Maggie insisted on Kenya snack George
it's a super party should we say
educator of the whole
homogeneous procedure CUDA goo monitor
Kabir OSA
we're a boutique the truenicks danielson
ordinary public is what I do so when you
ask the people here giving out the aid
where it comes from
mostly they'll tell you it's either from
Russia or from the pro-russian fighters
but when you go back into the warehouse
you can actually see that a lot of it
comes from international aid
this noticeboards a real sign of the
times this one here says get 15 nights
in jail if you're caught drunk
this one requests that people who find
unexploded munitions or weapons turn
them in to the separatist authorities
and this one says that if you suspect
there's a dead body in your neighbor's
house to call the police
yeah
