mr. reto sell significant Oh commercial
Vindico Paris hello Linda conserve
reduce we're about aboard this plane
that's getting prepped here behind me
we're at a Peruvian Air Force Base we're
heading now to Kauai Oh gotcha on Amazon
River in the triple border region
between Peru Colombia and Brazil this
area right now is the hotbed of
trafficking and coca leaf production but
for the most part the actors involved
are unknown so we're gonna head there
try and get a better sense of who is
involved caballo kocha is a mixed
community but with a strong presence of
autocracy as well as Colombian nationals
from our prop engine plane we could see
the spectacular strength of the Amazon
River and the patches of flattened
clearings where people have grown crops
plantations like the ones we have
defined here have been discovered in
jungle areas as far north as the south
eastern rainforest in Mexico the
implications are huge that the triple
border region can grow coca other
tropical or subtropical regions in the
world could potentially follow suit in
this region alone coca production is
estimated to have grown 73 percent
between 2012 and 2013 which is quite
alarming
Moreno Chavez is a former mayor of
caballo kocha he is an otaku C believer
and has spoken to the press about the
issues facing the residents of the
Amazon we talk to him to better
understand the situation like him to
Sabich in largo de vacas mallow para la
vida is like a let's go near by
silicosis and since we haven't any
intent to piranhas por el tema present
pegado por el estado para la vie car
yellow token superb recipe Nika continue
our emphasis villainous lolicon version
developed a mentos mr. spiciest enorme
piercing embargo no tenemos presencia de
empresas my precision impressing is the
Reposado Cuyuna can see that it causes
cancer a Cottenham experimental Muji's
immunity is no in agriculture million
dollars after days in caballo kocha
meeting locals and community leaders we
finally managed to convince a local to
show us a cocoa plantation we promised
to not reveal who owned the coca or
where exactly the plantation was located
so this is what it's all about
now if Peru has become the top coca
producing and cocaine producing country
in the world there is more and more
plantations such as this in an area that
hadn't seen them this is believed to be
a new strain a strain of the coca leaf
that has adapted to this hot hostile
tropical zone for better or worse the
otaku CR established in this area where
coca production is on the rise alarming
authorities and while the Israelites
introduced agriculture to a region that
didn't have it intent on becoming the
living frontiers of Peru they initiated
a crisis of deforestation that continues
to this day
whatever happens in the Amazon of course
has grave repercussions elsewhere in the
world
well these are crops that simply did not
grow in the Amazon before the Israelites
Israeli press community came here and as
you can see this family has a little bit
of everything
Jose Alvarez works in Peru's
environmental ministry and lived in the
Amazon region for 30 years he
understands the enormous effects that
deforestation in the Amazon rainforest
could have on an international scale
Amazonian Columbus's Bosque it is true
is la Fuente de la Vida el suelo tiene
un contenido muy bajo de new TNT's la
mayor parte noventa new airport intro
nugent a zest on elemetary Aviva doses
and sulla prácticamente una de you know
to Kita's el Bosque in par de años con
el sistema palak a mere seven or
nutrient a No el impact on mental es muy
grande por que hacen train a cultural
OPA quería una zona que no tiene
vacaciones Roopa quarrei elbows case l
recurso s trap Texaco no sólo para las
mismo mantenimiento del ecosystem Omaha
meiko's Tino para regulation del clima
global OIC Sabadell a tremendous ap
tiene la cosa stiamo Masonic o en el
clima del atlántico mode ellos que de mo
s Tran Casey seda Theriot Rossi gravamen
tail Amazonia podrían dice mineral
sineva gotta mint a la las lluvias en el
estudiante de estados Miro entonces es
una a tremendous turn Ariane committee
motto
Listeria un poco producer fuerza para
dar el en el momento de entonces say
save ampliado Massa dentro encontrado
nuevas Tierra's semester and mass
grandes elegance of professor the
peruvian amazon is changing and the
otaku sea are changing too we return to
Altamonte in time for the weekly
sacrifice on Saturday everyone dresses
up in the gowns that are customary for
this holy day the otaku sees Holocaust
in order to film inside the church with
ease elders in the community suggested I
dress in the otaku see robes as well Wow
yes our divinity I meant assume soon
dear cansado para huwa no cetera
it has money for me it's a Simoni forma
que unos SE ponen para reindeer on me na
hideo's us Terry Puhl e cos local
asuntos Tarina lulu Javier knows are you
my unique heresy to Corrine demon Angela
Bandera a la patria nosotros from Esther
Esther you tell me my name is Liliana
National Ramirez oh no reduce the otaku
she are convinced that they are God's
new chosen people
in fact they trace their divine lineage
to the ancient Incas a bocce picture
system maneuvers around pretty much a
big two foot monster Universal / case of
ratio free no Lucas to this sinking of
her own hombres c'mon
aqui esta la estación de la creme brulee
cerritos air sacrif econo como se hacen
esto villa Ko Paris ela friend ah la
Concha grade adios
laughs it remains unclear whether the
alto Kushi colt is falling victim to the
rise of coca in this area or profiting
from the jungles latest cash crop
cocaine the truth may lie somewhere in
the middle after some negotiations the
minister of defense of Altamonte agreed
to speak with us he seemed at ease
talking about this issue but he also
didn't seem to share a whole lot must be
honest this was a nudist people given la
coka the village of racing like another
para dentro i can jolly coca products
didn't aluminum para a Praia North Korea
pero not an effect under the tongue
effect on DiMucci C hora en del del
narco traffic us tomatillos bueno zero
Eskimos pero case' sees no Sun hermanos
solimene deadening la semaine honza pero
no no tienen no some legitimate
economist otro Sol Solomon la pantalla
in weapons are days
call it a function of globalization or
the tenacious will of the international
drug market but as far as we could
determine the alto Kushi live prey and
wait for the apocalypse right smack in
the middle of the fastest-growing cocoa
region inside the largest cocaine
producing country we have this hostile
Amazon rainforest of this neglected
region of the world where three
countries meet with virtually porous
borders we have a uniquely Peruvian
religious sect that is syncretic
apocalyptic evangelical fundamentalist
and significantly expansionist their
deforesting the amazon rainforest as
they increase their settlements and
their presence in the triple border
region we've seen how Koch has become a
powerful force in the neglected Peruvian
Amazon but the issue of coca production
remains poorly understood and barely
documented after visiting these
communities it's clear that until the
government offers an integrated solution
for the people of the peruvian amazon
coca eradication will never be enough to
end the profits that drug trafficking
brings to the triple border the promised
land of ezekiel toku sees living
frontiers
