it's Friday March 27 and here's some
news beyond the headlines Ghana's Navy
is training to fight a recent surge in
pirate attacks off Africa's west coast
the country is participating in an
annual exercise with other West African
nations alongside the u.s. France and
Germany the waters off Somalia's coast
are no longer than most dangerous in the
world the Panama Canal is getting a 17
billion dollar upgrade to its massive
expansion project workers are installing
22-story lock gates that would allow the
canal to accommodate the world's largest
ships that would put it in direct
competition with Egypt's Suez Canal
further north in Nicaragua a Chinese
billionaire has begun building a 50
billion dollar canal to rival Panama's
but some industry experts activists and
local residents are skeptical of the
plan due to its price tag and
potentially devastating environmental
effects the people's Pope has extended
another act of kindness to Rome's
homeless on Thursday a group of 150
homeless people were given a private
tour of the Vatican's museums and the
Sistine Chapel back in February the
pontiff arranged free shaves and showers
for the homeless Pope Francis was known
as the slum bishop in his native grass
iris first frequent visits to the city's
shanty towns a chinese archaeologists
says he's unlocked the mystery behind
more than 200 circles of stones found in
the Gobi Desert 12 years ago Leo ENGO
says are located on higher ground he
believes the circles were sacrificial
sites used by nomadic people leo says
because the soil in the area is
undisturbed the initial theory that the
sites were graves is unlikely
check out the vices youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world one
of the big problems is that university
will recruit and say don't worry and
then in your exit interview as you're
about to leave somebody the financial
aid office says oh by the way the
interest has been accruing here's how
much debt you got here's what your
monthly payment looks like and it's
challenging
