La Scala traditionally hopefully de
concejal de Montaigne is a silva pero
are kind of aha our economic plans unit
Johanna konta from this angle up Chavez
Catarina mementos estamos llegando una
la cosa que puedo Vivitar desde lo alto
it's a regular terminal we're heading
now closer to the river to the center
the spiritual center of the town I
should say the church and we're going to
meet the elder council la mina was
internal into cinco 7eo me rondo
policy-related olivine de cuatro
departamentos say sorry tsk ammonia is
producing acetic Rondo ons Tao solido
que sera for mando solo after a brief
time talking to the elder council our
sit-down interview was cut short the
elders rushed outside for Arthur Montes
Friday evening prayers
clearly this was an important ritual for
the Aldo Kushi their weekly offering to
God these men literally stopped in their
tracks when the music and singing at the
church began it's at 6 p.m. now and the
brothers are headed to the alabanza to
prayers
and then a ritual began in a moment
there that few Outsiders have seen
before the Israelites offer an animal
sacrifice to God or as they call it a
Holocaust just as Ezekiel had taught
them to do the women are on one side to
the men on another and this is the
sacrifice that is being offered on this
Friday by the Israelites this is about
as close and I think I'll ever get to
living in biblical times
gradually we began to learn more about
the Israelites and their beliefs they
preached the apocalypse awaiting a new
cosmic cycle where the Amazon will
become a paradise overflowing with milk
and honey they believe they have a
divine right to settle and work the land
they also believe their beards are
antennae that reach God's frequency
after arriving here the brothers began
expanding their settlements while also
taking charge of local agricultural
commerce today the auto Kushi are the
chief suppliers of consumer produce for
the peruvian amazon then something in
peru shifted it's not exactly clear how
but coca one of the most profitable
crops on earth began arriving in the
amazon basin
possibly from growers from the colombian
side venturing into new territory as the
Montes sits exactly here and small
farmers belonging to the church live in
remote corners of the rainforest
surrounding it and that is why
authorities particularly from
neighboring Brazil say some of the
group's members have become involved in
the drug trade here on this visit you
didn't see coca in the vicinity about
the month so we headed to the Brazilian
side of the triple border to learn more
we just crossed into the bath in Brazil
this is the community directly on the
Brazilian side of the triple border
regions no one stopped us known as for
our passports
no one searched our vehicle so you can
kind of get a sense of how porous this
border really is and the challenges that
the anti-drug efforts of these three
governments are facing as they face
increasing coca production in this
triple frontier region today the triple
border has become a no-man's land where
few policemen enter between Tabatinga
Brazil laticia Colombia and a small
village called Santa Rosa in Peru barely
any authorities are present for starters
the Peruvian Amazon province of Mariscal
Ramon Castilla sits next to Brazil the
world's second biggest consumer of
cocaine after the United States
according to UN estimates in the last
five years coca plantations in the
province have grown by 400% we met Mauro
spo0a senior investigator with the
Brazilian Federal Police he's kept an
eye on the autocracy in the region and
he helped us map out the situation on a
large scale nós temos a compromise on
decay segadores de sassette quino's
crime ozn fanáticos estan plant and
Okaka
antennas for assad discursive us de caca
in Tara's dead telephotos des prés
transportin cocaine non todos cutie
Bangkok algún speech even uma nova
zona coca Lera
faux implanted a no pero hasta region
Dobis Amazonas no systems
assad q acutally for lady Kaka chaga a
producer printer kills the pasta bazooka
keine yes school gives possum ultra pass
our Fronteras nosh carries a distressed
and laboratories reproducing drug asthma
Kalaheo
NOS policia federal assad for decimos
Intelligencia a policía Nacional de
Peru para que a policía Nacional de
Peru prom ova a de-stressing de
laboratorio
mikela region every year the Brazilian
Federal Police and Duran drove the
Peruvian anti drug agency run a joint
operation called Operation trap SEO
durand-ruel our vice news cameraman to
ride along with them on an interdiction
operation right in the region where the
otaku see presence is strongest
we spoke to me Alan help Eric who is
chief of operations in the division the
combats drugs in the Amazon las fallas
traditionally cocaleros unsolder de
Montaigne seja Selva pero aquí la Selva
Baja con clima muy differenti a hora con
trauma flattens unit with a yo Hadi coca
the cool POC Dakota on the sang adapt
our state arena black every fear propia
de la selva is stung unclear in a
practical autotrophs hemos sido Moses
Trudeau laboratorio clandestinos in a
decent IDO he posterior Mendte cuando
regresamos he is I knew I was nuevos his
laboratory okay playing nice with him on
Tam being emotional different a mentos
director Panetta personas que busca a
keeper of the heads in there
en esta parte de la selva utilizing
unmet Oakley Amano a nominal Neto a
solvent able met odo colombiano in tank
ad agua de treadmill it rose yah even
process ando con la Ossa de coca AHA de
coca see you Theresa lo que canta birdie
no la hoja coca circa otra vez de un
proceso que lo mejor lock-on Kimiko's
busca la reacción de perak Lester
acción de alcalá de una manera más
rápido to momentos estamos llegando una
de las voces ketchup OD OD bazaar desde
lo alto it's una cosa regular tom ano
TDC lindros
so this is what it's all about
this is a coca plantation of this
illicit crop here in the Lower Amazon
basin of Peru an area where ten years
ago this crop and this cultivation was
completely unknown
