hi I'm Jason Mojica editor-in-chief of
vice news and this is emphasis edit a
show where we take a look at how the
media impact the stories they cover
today our topic is coverage of the
Islamic state aka Isis aka ISIL the
group stormed into Iraq from Syria last
summer and proclaimed that they had
established a Caliphate inviting people
from around the world to join them their
actions grabbed headline after headline
and inspired countless hours of
television news coverage but is the way
that the Islamic state is covered
actually inflating their status and
causing their ranks to swell are the
near daily news stories putting pressure
on politicians to wipe the group out or
does breathless reporting about the
group's brutality actually give
governments the freedom to engage in
actions they've been wanting to take for
a very very long time to answer these
questions and many more we have with us
Steven Livingstone professor of Media
and public affairs at George Washington
University
Santiago Lian vice president and
director of photography at The
Associated Press and coming to us via
Skype from London were joined by Lena
khatib she's the director of the
Carnegie Middle East Centre in Beirut
and last but not least from Paris we
have Phil Chetwynd who is the editor in
chief at AFP if you have any questions
for our guests throughout this program
you can tweet them at vice news with the
hashtag emphasis added so my first
question and this goes to all of you and
like a simple yes or no does the Islamic
state deserve the level of coverage it's
getting Santiago well I suppose it
depends what they do we base our
coverage decisions and the media in
general I think bases are there coverage
decisions on the news worthiness of
events of people in the news so if they
do things that are newsworthy they will
get coverage if they don't they will not
I will come back to you with a
definition of what is and is not
newsworthy for a better definition of
that Steven yeah actually that's a good
place for me to pick up I mean what is
newsworthy is a very complicated issue
there are violent events occurring all
the time
all over the world only a small fraction
of them receive any sort of attention
any sort of news coverage at all I'm not
sure it's the value of the event that
there are other factors that are driving
in I think that's where the the
interesting questions lie mm-hmm
MS Khatib well it's not that they
deserve it or not it's about everything
else that is also happening in Syria and
whether all those things are getting the
attention they deserve such as the
brutality of the Assad regime the rise
of other jihadist groups in Syria so the
story seems to focus on Isis but Isis is
not the whole story
and Phil I would broadly agree that the
scale of coverage of the Islamic state
is justified given I think the breadth
of events linked to the Islamic state
now you'll see the link to two events in
Tunisia seeing a link to Libya Nigeria
and of course events in Europe so I
think once you take those global trends
into consideration this is really a
phenomenon that that needs serious
consideration and serious explanation
but that expansion that you talked about
I wonder if those of us here who work in
media are are we part of the problem is
it our coverage that is leading to its
expansion Santiago it's a good question
I mean it's the chicken and the egg
question right which comes first the
events and then we cover them or the
coverage and then more events I think it
really depends on what is going on I
mean we react to certain news events but
we don't react to all news events
equally as you've pointed out there are
things happening all over the world that
don't merit coverage either because
there aren't enough media resources to
cover those things or other events take
priority and there's a sort of a
hierarchy of media events in any given
day a big story will knock off a smaller
story out of the news on occasion so
it's a it's it's complicated there's
never in my experience any
one-size-fits-all rule you take a look
at every day and you gauge your
priorities and you gauge your areas of
focus based on what's going on that day
I think what we've seen of course in
recent years is this tremendous
acceleration of all
speed of information coming from all
over the world everybody who has access
to social media is in effect a publisher
now and media organizations themselves
are enhancing the breadth and depth of
their reach through social media but
it's not just limited to media
organizations governments are tweeting
and restricting access in order to
bypass traditional media get their own
message out on their own terms
companies are doing it military of doing
it sports teams are doing it celebrities
are doing it everybody who was
previously obliged to some degree to
interact with the traditional media in
order to reach the audiences now has
their own path to do that and that of
course extends to organizations like the
Islamic state who have a very
sophisticated social media presence well
listen go back a bit and talk about when
we talk about coverage of the Islamic
state we talk about reporting on the
Islamic state what does that even mean
when it's next to impossible to get a
reporter into the area that they control
I mean and so basically you know in the
absence of independent and reliable
reporting from the ground what is what
are the raw materials that we have to
work with Steven well you know this is
something your question really calls to
mind something the son Diego said a
moment ago that is one of the key
determinants as to what constitutes a
news story there are there are events
going on all over the world but the
media resources aren't present to turn
them into news which then raises the
question what there aren't the resources
in Isis control territory you as you
pointed out you can't get a reporter
there to cover the events so then the
question becomes well what are the
resources will the resources of Isis
itself which is very very sophisticated
with its production of its gruesome
videos released according to the news
cycles of the markets that they're most
trying to affect with the kind of
narrative grammar visual grammar that
one would expect to find
from the most sophisticated news
production facilities and not only that
but very interestingly it seems at least
if you listen to some of the reports
coming out of rooking x' and elsewhere
even very subtle sort of cultural
references queued into an audience that
will have watched a movie like saw or or
hostile and there are visual echoes in
the ISIS videos that are being drawn
from these popular culture entertainment
so my point here is is that there may
not be the Western news resources there
but Isis is doing everything it can to
appeal to fill in that vacuum on their
own and this leads news organizations to
confront a dilemma how much of the ISIS
produced material do you use how much do
you not and it seems to me that as far
as I can tell there's there's a variety
of opinions on that matter I can I can
sense Lina and Phil very eager to jump
in here and so first to the Lina you you
how would you characterize the media arm
of the Islamic state highly
sophisticated tightly controlled from
the top so as to minimize mistakes
meaning if we compare what al-qaeda used
to do almost any member of al-qaeda was
able to post things on Facebook or
create content for online consumption
regardless of what the top leadership
wanted in terms of specific messages as
long as it was more or less in line with
al-qaeda ideology it was ok with Isis
it's a very different model there's a
media department that tightly controls
messages so for example when new
fighters join Isis if they are
well-known and they have Twitter
accounts they are made to hand over
their passwords to Isis central and then
every tweet that is disseminated is
tightly controlled by the media
department so it's about minimizing
mistakes that might expose Isis and one
incident happened in Syria last year was
jabhat Al nusra a sympathizer posted
because he was very excited on Facebook
in March of last year details about a
particular movement of military vehicles
by
and of course this led to an attack by
Isis as well as job at the sorry the
Syrian regime on that particular
military convoy because the details were
revealed by the sympathizer on Facebook
so Isis for strategic military purposes
not just propaganda purposes has a very
tight grip on how messages are
disseminated and for what purpose right
I want to ask Phil about you know those
messages can you talk to us a bit about
AFP's approach to reporting on the
Islamic state and you know working how
did how do you report on the Islamic
state when you have so little to work
with one of the things to stress which
touched on as well is that a lot of
Western media and ourselves included are
in really uncharted territory here there
are very few conflicts however difficult
over the last 10 15 years that we
haven't been there people were in Iraq
Afghanistan wherever it may be difficult
dangerous yes that this is really
something you know different and new the
threats to any journalists on the ground
are so huge that really we cannot be
there
so how do we do that we have to look for
these sources that we have been activist
sources being witnesses coming out from
those areas and of course being it very
sophisticated media operation from Isis
one of the things of course that our
editors and people in the Middle East
who follow and that's very carefully
find is how credible actually the
information put our biases sources is
they don't exaggerate for example
military games they when they say
they've taken an area or so on it turns
out that largely this is correct they've
realized it's reasonably sophisticated
in realizing that their credibility
comes from putting out you know behind
the propaganda reasonably factually
correct information so it is it's a very
imperfect patchwork of information and
sure we are not getting the full story
of course I wonder if they have a
standards and practices manual well they
play me apps organization behind it
where they are able to control how how
people work and how they they put out
information it's sophisticated and it's
it's effective it has to be said
one of the things that I was very struck
by was their use of the British hostage
John Cantlie photo journalist who was
abducted at the along with Jim Foley I
believe he's done a number of sort of
reports for the Islamic state and there
was one that he did from kobani the town
that was on the Turkish border though
that was under siege where he was they
taken him
it appeared to kobani and he was
reporting from the Islamic state
controlled areas of kobani at least from
what you could see in the video of the
physical you know the terrain and the
Turkish flags it cetera and he was
making claims that were clearly not true
that the Islamic state was in control of
kobani was not going to lose kobani and
that was interesting for me because to
to the point that was just made it was
taking the propaganda one step further
and saying things that were clearly not
true whereas previously they had been
quite measured about what they were
saying and quite factual about what they
were saying so it made me wonder how do
they well first of all the use of a
British journalist to be the public face
and the way that he appeared I mean he
did a very convincing impersonation of a
of a television news correspondent sure
yeah for those now familiar I mean while
Islamic state has released a number of
videos featuring beheadings of foreign
journalists John Cantlie is a British
journalist who is being held by the
Islamic state and they've been releasing
a series of videos that feature him
basically as a correspondent and I'm
curious both tasks both about the
graphic videos we've just mentioned but
also how did the Associated Press handle
can't leave videos the can't leave
videos initially when they first came
out I believe we used some frame grabs
I think the first videos it was him in a
darkened room
an orange costume at a table I think we
used those because we felt there was
news value in the fact that he was
reporting on on things for the Islamic
state subsequent videos we didn't use we
didn't use any of the video we didn't
use any frame grabs because we felt that
that was more pure propaganda and we
didn't feel the need to sort of
perpetuate that but it does raise the
broader question which I think has been
touched on is what is the role of the
media in reporting Islamic state
activities to what degree should we
serve as a an amplifier or a loudspeaker
for what they do and we take it at the
AAP on a case-by-case basis and look at
each piece of content and make a
determination for example with the video
showing the beheadings and and murders
of the other captives we determined that
we did not want to show the moment of
death out of respect for the victim we
did want to show the hostage with their
captor but we didn't want to show the
hostage being threatened with a knife at
the throat or a knife raised because we
felt that we wanted we didn't want to
give this more attention than it
deserved and as a result what we chose
to do and we've been fairly consistent
with this through all these videos is to
have one frame grabbed from the video
that does not show the moment of death
that does show the captive that does
show the the the captor yeah and we
leave it at that and that's all that we
show visually just one second um listen
let's take a quick look at how Sky News
covered the video the the beheading of
James Foley James Foley was kidnapped in
Syria in November 2012 but it wasn't the
first time he'd been detained he was
taken by pro-gaddafi forces in Libya
several years earlier and spent months
in jail when he returned after six weeks
he reflected on the risks of reporting
from war zones we hitched a ride up to
the frontlines and we were told that
Qadhafi forces were very close we
decided to get off the road because we
felt it was safer
due to normally shelving coming from the
road
unfortunately Qadhafi forces came right
over the hill and within seconds we were
under heavy fire
he was zoomed back in the field in Syria
recording the suffering of innocence in
war until he was kidnapped yeah so we
may have missed the beginning of the
clip where this guy kind of explained
that they were not going to show the
footage they didn't even show a freeze
frame from the video they instead
layered over video of James doing the
work that he he loved so I understand
the impulse that you know I as
journalists we may not want to carry
water for organizations but if we when
we shy away from showing the brutality
of groups is that also doing a
disservice to the public to like to be
able to fully understand what this group
is all about what this group is engaged
in Lena well I think you have to have a
bit of both but there is no formula that
tells you the exact percentage of how
much brutality you should show and how
much you should withhold but I lean
towards saying we should not become a
platform for Isis because you see Isis
is a claim state that's not really a
state that's a terrorist organization
and does not have a single ally in the
world not a single country in the world
is allied with this entity which means
Isis cannot establish its own media
channels in the mainstream it cannot
have a satellite television channel for
example so in order to recruit new
fighters Isis has to rely on the media
and the west as well as the Middle East
to carry its messages so we have to be
careful about disseminating these
messages because we might you know just
become tools in the hands of Isis as it
seeks to affirm that it is indeed
powerful and influential but I want to
add one thing following up on what
Santiago mentioned earlier which I think
is important to emphasize Isis uses
media propaganda to compensate for me
Terry losses this explains the can't
leave videos this explains the video of
the leader of Isis Abu Bakr al-baghdadi
giving his sermon and Mosul the Islamic
state as a state was declared meaning
the Caliphate was declared in June of
last year when Isis found that it could
not expand any more geographically in
Iraq so it had to compensate for this
geographical challenge and military
challenge through creating a huge stir
in terms of media propaganda you know
they have they have yeah they have
created a huge stir and gotten a lot of
attention and and and kind of the
graphic nature of their videos and and
the things that they're actually doing
on the ground certainly is I think I
think we've all decided very newsworthy
so I want to talk about how the media
choose to cover these stories how they
frame these events and Steven can you
talk to us a bit huh from you know where
you're sitting how how are you seeing
the Islamic state covered what frames
are being used and what are the effects
of those things well actually for me
what one of the things that's most
interesting is is it depends upon what
you mean by media because the one of the
big impact areas has to do actually with
the use of Twitter by Isis a study found
that between September and December of
2014 there were anywhere between forty
to seventy thousand regular Twitter
accounts being used by Isis supporters
of those of a very small percentage
somewhere you know and hundreds were
really strong users tweeting a lot every
day but what was the most interesting is
of those let's use the lower in the
40,000 Twitter accounts that were
sympathetic with Isis
either Isis or sympathetic choices they
had on average an extraordinary number
of followers a thousand or more
followers so you know here it isn't the
question of how is the APA or how is
some other news organization that we're
used to turning to for our daily news
you know in the newspaper etc but rather
those people who are inclined to be
sympathetic with Isis anyway our
followers and they're getting the news
that that Isis wants them to get the
information that they want them
yet bypassing the traditional media
altogether and that I think needs to be
brought into the into the conversation
as well let me add one other thing
though - its we're stepping back just a
second your question was how are the
news organizations in the West managing
the images well what is interesting is
is that so is Isis managing the the
images in September of last year it
seems that Twitter was just shutting
down accounts as fast as they could that
they identified as as Isis accounts but
the they already had a spare accounts
already set up you know ready to go as
soon as as soon as the account they were
using a shutdown they had another one to
line up that's all well and good but
what was really interesting is the use
of vine the the video clipping service
the Isis it seems was learning from the
experience of being shut down they are
taking the video image right up to the
point of the of the killing of the
beheading but not showing the beheading
because they calculated that doing so
would somehow allow their site to remain
untouched for a longer period of time
the emotional impact was there they just
didn't take that extra step and actually
show the killing us so so it's I think
just as important for us to think about
these other dimensions of this battle
for the agenda they battle for the frame
that goes well beyond what we might see
in our newspaper and our televisions
yeah Phil speaking to that emotional
impact and I'd like to kind of turn
things a bit to the role of media
coverage of the Islamic state in
recruitment I'm sure this is a hot topic
and France following the Charlie Hebdo
attacks I mean does how do how do you
how do the folks in your office
reconcile the fact that reporting on the
Islamic state on it's very dramatic
actions that tend to make people stand
up and take notice may be make inspiring
some young person to want to go join
that group well I think I would touch on
the point just made I mean I think
there's broad agreement now amongst a
lot of Western media organizations to
really raise the bar very high in terms
of what
one sent from Isis we use we use very
little I think of all the execution
videos we didn't use a single video we
may have used the odd frame grab which
we thought was necessary there's a
movement among the international media
to make a huge effort to find
alternative images of for example people
involved in hostage hostage videos as we
saw that with Sky News to find images of
them in their everyday life so I think
that that there's already that is one of
the major responses to the this flood of
Isis propaganda images aside from that
in terms of the daily threats and so on
that came out from my system to attack
various interests around the world
again I think we're very aware of the
responsibilities we have in terms of
amplifying that we have a lot of
discussions day by day where you hear
are we gonna attack various targets in
the States we get to attack various
targets in Europe and really unless we
can justify it for some very important
contextual news reason we tend to hold
back on that having said that there was
an example recently where we held back
from that and then the US Department of
Homeland Security came out with the
statements to amplify the claims so
naturally he ain't got widely
disseminated so it's not always
literally the media taking the decision
or not it also depends on how
governments around the world are
reacting - yeah definitely
Lina any thoughts on that I just want to
refer to a case going on in Lebanon at
the moment as an example which is that
Lebanese soldiers have been held hostage
by Isis and jabhat al-nusra for quite a
few months now and unfortunately jabhat
al-nusra and Isis are phoning the
families of the hostages telling them
that if you don't go out in the street
and demonstrate against basically the
helding or holding of your children we
are going to kill them that's confirmed
that's it
this is happening right outside my
office in Beirut there's now a permanent
or open-ended protest camp by the
parents of these soldiers demanding
asking the Lebanese government
something about them basically and they
keep getting calls regularly and there's
there are media vans camped out almost
permanently in the area recording every
single movement by these parents and
they are being used as tools by jabhat
al-nusra and Isis to keep them in the
news basically so this is a situation
where I think the media are failing and
the Lebanese government obviously is
failing and this means that because one
of the strong issues here is a
recruitment and at the same time if you
look at a lot of these high-profile
cases that we've had in Europe recently
these young teenagers and various other
people going off to Syria without their
families knowing this did not come
through the the official you know
mainstream media this was real grooming
and recruitment through all the social
network tools that we've just been
talking about
so I think on the specific issue of
recruitment I think that's a different
issue from raising the price of a
hostage by forcing people which I agree
with you on that point but there's a
slightly separate issues I think if I
may because when Isis does this it's
showing itself as influential it's
showing itself as being able to
humiliate governments and this makes it
more attractive in the eyes of new
recruits well yeah let's move I mean it
they certainly are having an influence
and actually let's move off of
recruitment onto something that I think
is very important is basically the role
of media coverage of the Islamic state
in either pressuring governments to take
action against them ironically or you
know the way the the breathless coverage
of this terrible terrible group that
must be eliminated
does that really just kind of give
governments around the world an excuse
to do some things they've been wanting
to do for a long time you know from this
has been a pet peeve of mine for a very
long time of written about this and and
that this is is my point that one of the
things that I think that a lot of news
organizations aren't doing I think in
part because of the nature of the
day-to-day news
Nicholas taking a step back and and
trying to untangle the degree to which
so many of the conflicts whether we're
looking at the military operations in
Yemen with the Saudis this today or if
we're looking now at American airstrikes
in Tikrit is that we have proxy wars
going on between Sunni and Shia Islam
that that the typical American anyway
probably hasn't even a start of a clue
as to how to unravel I mean the idea
that while the Republicans in the Senate
are sending letters to Iran about the
Iranian nuclear weapons deal the United
States is essentially a military ally
right now with with the Kurds force in
Tikrit so unraveling all of that and
making some sort of sense of that if it
can be made sense of would be I think
one of the first steps in trying to
understand the geopolitical consequences
and dynamics that I think your question
is really getting at how do you
understand something as complex as my
you know used to be my enemy's enemy is
my friend well that doesn't even apply
it seems in this particular instance
it's it's it's it's almost quantum enemy
creation where a friend can be a friend
and an enemy at the same time getting
through that would be so helpful I think
for so many people around the world who
don't have the time or the inclination
or or the the background to try to sort
that out I you know what I'm I don't
actually real quick I want to go back
there is a clip of basically when the
Islamic state or then Isis first stormed
into Iraq I just want to look at some of
the first coverage that we saw on
mainstream media and looking back now
that everyone's become some sort of
Islamic state expert this looks kind of
quaint in its simplicity can we roll
that with the lightning advance of Isis
in Iraq President Obama's foreign policy
it may be under attack like never before
I want to put up this poll in a Wall
Street Journal poll this week approval
of Obama's handling of foreign policy
hit a new low of just 37% you
that wasn't quite the quip clip I was
looking for this is our first show if
you haven't noticed but there's another
clip though of John McCain days after
and and he kind of went straight to
Congress and kind of it seemed like he
had it all worked out and he had a plan
let's see what he had to say yes cuz the
present United States declares a
conflict over does not mean in the eyes
of the enemy that it's over conflicts in
when the enemy is defeated the Iraq war
did not end because the forces against
Iraq were still and within Iraq we're
still undefeated I say to the
president's get a new national security
team in place you have been ill served
by the national security team and the
decisions that you have in place now and
the decisions that you made and have
that new national security team come up
with a strategy a strategy to do
whatever we can to prevent this direct
threat to the national security of this
nation the security of this nation and
he goes on to it's shift the
conversation to how we ought to make
sure to keep troops in Afghanistan and
and and you know that that's the lesson
to learn from all of this so Lina how is
coverage of the Islamic state affecting
the cover the actions of the Lebanese
government well first of all
unfortunately there is no 11 his
government about Lebanese government
that mean Hezbollah in Lebanon there's
only a caretaker cabinet and no
president and a parliament that has
extended its own mandate in legalese but
that's a separate issue
the issue is in Lebanon because of this
political vacuum the government is
unable to do much for example normally
if you are an army and
certain soldiers are kidnapped by a
terrorist entity normally what happens
is you attack you try to get them back
but Lebanon does not have the
commander-in-chief in place because that
is the president and there is no
president in Lebanon at the moment so
the political stalemate in Lebanon is
actually allowing Isis to continue with
Roberto Lucia to toy with the families
of the recruits and jabhat al-nusra in
fact is gaining more employed recruits
in Lebanon partly as a result of this
it's not of course the only reason why
certain people are turning to jabhat
al-nusra but this does play a role when
you are a marginalized person looking at
an entity that seems to be stronger than
government's this becomes relatively
attractive to quite a few people and
Phil do you get a sense that you know
especially in the wake of the Charlie
Hebdo attacks that the French government
is pressured not only by actions but by
the media attention to these events to
do something about it well I think not
just the French government but I think
governments in Europe are really feeling
the pressure of the backlash from events
in Syria in the last four or five years
you're talking about the sheer quantity
of people who've gone from Europe to
Syria to be either to to the Islamic
state or even to fight with other groups
such as given on the syrup and the
quantity of people returning the Italian
intelligence agencies will openly say
they cannot keep up with the monitoring
of these vast numbers of people so in
that sense I think that the fears that
come from that that number of people now
across Europe are very real we've had
attacks in Brussels we've had attacks in
in Paris and I think most analysts would
expect there to be more attacks so I
think you know those are quite concrete
things they're not sort of just fears
have been fanned by media attention
Santiago The Associated Press is
gigantic I mean when you report on
things it gets picked up by papers all
around the world
what would happen if the Associated
Press decided to not cover the Islamic
states has it ever been even crossed
anyone's mind is that anathema to the
entire concept of your organization we
don't make decisions like that blanket
decisions not to cover or something in
its entirety
we're driven by what we perceive is
interest or the actions of others or
news value or things like that
I think the question that I'm interested
in there probably no way to get an
answer but the Islamic state has made it
clear that they view journalists as
hostage material and hostage material
that many Western governments are
willing to pay significant sums of money
for and it is a as I understand it a
significant stream of income for the
organization and for those governments
that aren't prepared to pay like the US
or the UK government's then it has a
certain propaganda value for them in
terms of beheading but I think that the
part of it that I don't quite understand
is what would happen if the Islamic
state did let media in as they have done
on occasion vice were able to get into
their territory a German author and
journalist was able to get into their
territory you would think that if an
organization that wanted to control
public perception would not just purely
rely on their own propaganda machine but
that would try and let the media in in
the same way that at the beginning of
the Syrian conflict media organizations
could report around you Boca vanastra
and other organizations there was a sort
of a an understanding that if we let the
media in while they'll tell our side of
the story it may or may not be useful
but at least it's another window on
activities that's not happening and that
strikes me as being interesting you've
hit on something very interesting there
though which is not the coverage of the
Islamic state per se affecting the
outcome of events but the actual
organizations and their practices ie
sending journalists to cover it and they
end up getting kidnapped they and
being ransomed they end up being a
source of income for the Islamic state
so that's very interesting in and of
itself but I guess secondly is are we
exacerbating that when news
organizations fail to cover kidnappings
what when we engage in media blackouts
about kidnappings does that just open
the door for that to continue happening
or I mean I'm curious about your taking
pill well the guy fills in fills in a
stickier position regarding this than
normal you know something - gotta fill
first very lively should you enforce
blackouts on kidnappings or should you
publicize them I think frankly it's only
after each individual case of kidnapping
where you'll sometimes find out whether
what was the right policy to do there
are clearly situations in notably
involving ransoms and so on where where
the publicity raises the value of the
hostage there are certainly other
situations where perhaps government's
our home government may wish to keep
something quiet for various reasons and
it's in the interests of the family to
publicize that and make their government
act so I think I think you know there
are arguments on both sides of that and
it very much depends on the the context
of the of the individual the individual
kidnapping on the issue of ransoms I
think intellectually everybody can
understand the whole idea of not paying
ransoms to terrorist groups or to to
militant groups whatever you want to
call them at the same time of course
everybody can also understand the human
problem or the human tragedy when a
family is faced with trying to save
their loved one wherever that may be
and the only option out is through some
kind of ransom so and those two things
are not really reconcilable I think you
yeah because I hooked with some hostage
negotiators who have worked with Isis
and they said that media blackouts are
very important because of the raising of
the value of hostages but more important
there doesn't seem to be a coherent
strategy among countries belonging to
the international coalition fighting
Isis at the moment regarding hostages
and it is not helpful when some
countries pay ransoms and some countries
don't pay ransoms and also when there is
no support mechanism in place for the
families of hostages and that's why we
get so many videos of parents bleeding
and crying and then their sons and
daughters get get killed afterwards so
this is a key thing it's it's not you
know it's it's about the responsibility
of governments in dealing with this kind
of situation the other thing I would say
is that governments have very very
different policies even within Europe of
how they deal with families and I've
seen that when you're dealing with an
American family and a British family and
the way the governments interact with
them is totally totally different
talking about but yeah but lack of
coherence is playing right into the
hands of Isis yeah the those videos that
you speak about mean of crying families
that of course also has to have an
impact on people who are hoping that
someone will cast a vote for them next
time around so very interesting I I
think maybe we should take a few
questions now from the Twitterverse what
do we have so questions and or comments
and/or criticisms perhaps even of our
performance here today so let's see what
we have here from the the elegantly
named seven e55 e-everything should
always be shown even if we don't like it
it's called freedom the only way there
we go
so what about what about that what about
freedom what about freedom you
gatekeeper of the media decider of what
we shouldn't should not so that's the
point I think is that the media is no
longer the exclusive gatekeeper you know
the media used to have this role because
technology wasn't as advanced
as it is today and so the only source of
information for many people was either
the newspaper or the radio or the
television broadcast now that's just not
the case and in fact when people want to
find these videos they can find them
it's a game of cat and mouse with you
know providers taking them down and
Islamic state putting them back up is
has been made note of but people who are
really determined to find these videos
can find them and there are sites that
aggregate them actively and make a
business out of showing you know
horrific videos from around the world of
a wide variety of things traffic
accidents as well as beheadings so I'm
not sure that that the media or I would
say more definitively the media does not
have the role that it once had it does
however I think have an important role
which is that of validating and
verifying information to the best of its
ability so that people who are
discerning and want to know if they can
believe something can go to a media
source that they trust and know that
what they learning from that media
source has been validated and verified
and I think that's an important yeah I
think there's an interesting example
there for example uh The Associated
Press does use video provided to you by
activists of organizations human rights
organizations who admittedly have a goal
their advocacy groups right but you
presumably find their information
valuable we look at their information we
try and validate it we try and put it
into context I mean there's an
interesting dynamic in the media world
that's been going on for several years
now which is you know something will
happen an atrocity will occur someplace
remotely the media will go cover that
for a period of time and then pull out
as they move on to other things human
rights organizations will then go in and
do a more detailed level of forensic
reporting about the events and release a
sort of a comprehensive report calling
the authorities to account and then the
media will go back in and report on that
report so it's the sort of circular
dynamic of activist organizations and
media organizations in response to
events on the ground and that's just an
example of how rapidly things are
changing
I mean when we compare this current
media environment to the media
environment of just five years ago you
know now there's huge synergy between
social networks you know you can feed
Twitter from Facebook and vice-versa and
Instagram and this sort of enhanced
enhanced activity when you look at
social media interaction around major
events like sporting events World Cup
soccer for example your Olympic Games
huge engagement with the public which
really you know has an effect on how
people receive their information and
obviously has an effect on on how the
traditional media do their jobs yeah
right here's another question from CAI
he asks how detrimental is the Western
media's coverage on the Islamic state
propaganda to Muslims living in the US I
mean or maybe not even just living in
the US what about Islamophobia and I
mean when you're covering this
organization that dubs itself the
Islamic state which is a very
presumptuous title
Leyna thoughts okay
it is definitely adding to tensions not
just when it comes to Muslims in the
West and Islamophobia but also sectarian
tensions in the Middle East which is
right now reaching breaking points in a
number of places Yemen is falling apart
Iraq is falling apart serious falling
apart Lebanon is becoming very tense etc
so I think we should not underestimate
the impact of Isis propaganda internally
in the Middle East and this in turn of
course has spill overs around the world
Phil do you get many complaints about
your coverage of the Islamic state yeah
I think it's a topic that's discussed a
lot both internally and externally and
something that we've discussed a lot
here in trying to try to frame it
properly for example and also with our
colleagues that should be pointed out
with The Associated Press with Reuters
with other big media organizations
there's a lot of discussion about what
we call the group we
went into a big consultation about that
we we settled on calling it the Islamic
state the idea of actually getting away
from just calling the Islamic states and
giving the impression it's a country
it's a compromise other people wanted to
call it - like they do in the Middle
East but again we felt that in the
Western media in the Western world that
didn't really mean anything it wasn't
something that really resonated with
people so yeah there's a tremendous
amount of debate about this and I think
that's there aren't necessarily any easy
solutions from it here's a question from
Peter steli a failure he can call me and
correct me on that I welcome that what
role will accounter media response to
Isis propaganda play in addition to
ongoing military responses I'll throw
that out to anyone who wants to jump on
if Peter has an idea as to what an
effective counter media response it
would even be I think there are people
in Washington where I live that would
like to to hear from him this is not
going to be a campaign that's going to
look like just say no to drugs I mean
you know some sort of soft response to
media messages that come with so much
emotional impact is so hard to figure
out how to respond to in the first place
that I'm not sure what the counter media
response even looks like in the first
place that program does exist the US
State Department does have a twitter
account it doesn't think again turn away
I have seen it what are your thoughts on
that maybe it's just I'm cynical or
something I've lived in Washington too
long or next to the State Department of
all going back to what we were saying it
isn't just the mainstream media it's
Twitter and other ways of message is
going to people who are already perhaps
sort of on the edge curious by feeling
alienated disaffected in in their own
country so reaching those people with it
with an effective counter message even
identifying them because so much of the
the of the followership is
self-identified right you're you are
saying I I am interested in this this
line of reasoning these events that what
they're doing so even reaching the right
people with with a Twitter feed is going
to be next to impossible I don't see
somebody who's inclined to follow to be
a follower of Isis also
to follow and pay attention to what the
State Department is saying yeah or maybe
wrong now I remember a few months back
seeing a tweet from think the think
again turn away State Department account
that was a visual side by side impairing
an Islamic state atrocity to an image of
the Holocaust in which Nazis had just
executed a number of folks there and and
and I found it kind of confusing that
they were trying to shame the Islamic
state by comparing them to an
organization that killed millions of
Jews seemed a little counterintuitive to
me it was that through yeah do do we
have a Skype question comment no we're
we have no Skype questions or comments
that's no fault escape anything anyone
like to add have we solved at all have
do we have we've fixed yeah one of the
responses maybe I missed it or something
but but you had asked the question
earlier what about national responses to
all of this and I don't remember me
remember us saying anything about the
American military response now what's so
interesting about I think about the
American military response is it's just
as much in the shadows as so much of
what Isis is doing in other words
Western reporters can't get in to cover
Isis but they can't neither can they
cover what the American military are
doing in response there are no boots on
the ground that are at least objectively
observable instead they're drone attacks
they're they're their attacks from the
air that are notoriously difficult for
you to even know about much less cover
in any sort of meaningful way so so much
of what we're looking at with this
conflict is going on behind the scenes
so a lot of what we've been talking
about is what's up on the front stage
right look what are what are the players
saying up front when a lot of what's
going on in a meaningful sense is
occurring offstage is going something
going on someplace else that is the
story that really needs to be somehow
told but then the question becomes how
do my my journalism professionals around
me here actually get to that could I I
would agree with that I mean I think
what was very interesting is just
the time that everything was happening
around Mosul in the fall of Mosul was
really also the the Israeli Gaza war was
going on and there you're talking about
access
yeah and suddenly what was a relatively
of course it was a significant conflict
and there was significant civilian loss
of life and and so on but still a
relatively contained conflict in that
sense was really of course not the the
Iraq story completely off the off the
airways and off the front pages because
of access of course there were the
israelis and allowed journalists into
gaza and people like ourselves and The
Associated Press had people within Gaza
and so the the conflict was covered in
great detail on both sides but the
Israeli in Gaza side and that's really
about access isn't you know so what I'm
saying from my vantage point at some
news organizations whether it be the New
York Times or others are starting to use
newer technologies that we haven't
talked about to sort of get a is it
access but you know I'm thinking of
digital Globes world review three
satellite that has 12 essentially 12
inch spatial resolution and you can take
pictures from space of the destruction
of conflicts or even of the emergence of
mass graves that sort of thing so what
we're finding is is that we've spent a
lot of time talking about a particularly
technology whether it be standard media
or the social media but there's another
layer of technology on top of that that
is starting to emerge from remote
sensing satellites to open source
geographical information systems like
who Shahidi being used with Syria
tracker to try to crowdsource
to a map what's going on so there's
there are all kinds of layers of
technologies that are emerging that may
or may not address some of this excess
issue but at least that's going on at
least that is something that we're
beginning to see used but I just wanted
to take a take a step back Steven to -
I'm sure some patriotic Twitter user is
already actively creating this campaign
against you just a professor from George
Washington University has on the record
compared the US military's media
operation to the Islamic state would
that be is that a cure
I don't mean correctly okay no I'm not
sure that's what is it very much so miss
there was a question out of Paris though
sorry there no I was just gonna say the
one issue that we're missing here I
suppose is just however much we can
report on what's going on in Iraq or in
Syria we live in a tremendously visual
age and we see this all the time that if
you if you can't have images to
illustrate your journals and being video
images or or photo images you you hit a
bit of a dead wall and I think that's
one of the one of the huge challenges
with report in the Islamic state and
that's why people they never inevitably
delve into some of the the less
offensive Islamic state images such as
the the parades and so on in Raqqa I
think that's a there's a desperate need
literally to illustrate news reports be
it online or on or on the television
right well thank you all very much for
taking the time to engage in this lively
conversation and sorry for giving you so
much Steven unfortunately we're out
of time I want to thank Steve Livingston
Santiago Lyon Lena Khatib and Phil
Chetwynd for joining our panel today and
want to thank you our viewers for tuning
in the show is over but we want this
conversation to continue so please tweet
at us add advice news on skype and check
out our videos on YouTube I will see you
next time Thanks
you
