there's some of the different orbit
materials we would call this sausage
boom it like soil doesn't like water so
it you can put it on the water and it
won't soak in water but it'll soak up
oil so you have you know diapers and
pads that they use to mop up the oil
like they're doing behind us now you
know they're out there now walking you
know coring holes and open up slots and
he's cutting the groove in the ice to
drain the oil to a collection spot so I
mean as you can imagine I got one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
plus the support crew over there guys
you know tipard holes trying to cut
slots to drain the oil and we will get
you know if we get five gallons of oil
out of there today it'll be a good day
for us our production our recovery of
oil out of the waters just we're not
really getting much with you 300
something barrels out of the pipeline in
this immediate area less than a couple
barrels actually out of the water so
pretty much what is in the water is
there and going you know we aren't going
to recover it this isn't out of the
ordinary for an operation like this well
don't necessarily cover all of it yeah
majority of it situation like me never
and I'll be clear about that we never
recover all the oil somebody who tells
you that's telling you stories good
conditions you get half of the oil that
hits the water and the spills that
you've worked on have they been
pipelines that are pretty old and
infrastructure like all built in the
56th easy so I'm gonna warn you now I
don't get stuck policy oh but I will
suggest to you that eighty percent of
the pipeline breaks we go or an older
lines if I were king of the world I'd be
replacing pipelines and if I with king
of the EPA but just like I really
helping people replace pipeline but from
a management perspective the pipeline's
that you've worked on it the boulders
yeah the old I mean that's you know we
try to do risk assessments and you know
contingency planning and the biggest
factor for risk is the age of the
pipeline even though the pipe was
upgraded in 72 the crossing itself was
from the 50s we need to make an effort
to help replace these older lines that's
where we see the most spills that's
where the risk is
from my standpoint is a spill responder
I'd like to see a lot more newer
pipelines because we move lots of oil in
this country I mean that's just I drove
to get up here right so you drove to get
out here to come talk to me you know we
need the oil until as long as we do I
would like it in a safer infrastructure
