it's Monday March 23rd and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
rebels have reportedly taken four Syrian
government Airmen hostage in the
country's northwest the london-based
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said
a mechanical problem caused the military
helicopter to crash in an
opposition-held area of adlib province
on Sunday one crew member was allegedly
killed and the fate of a sixth remains
unknown at least 50 people were arrested
in central Moscow on Sunday hundreds of
homeowners marched near Red Square
calling for help to pay off their
foreign currency mortgages thousands of
Russians took out dollar denominated
mortgages several years ago to take
advantage of lower interest rates but
following the collapse of Russia's ruble
currency last year some protesters say
their loan payments nearly doubled and
they're struggling to make ends meet
they're worried they'll be forced onto
the streets if the government doesn't
step in the world's biggest polluter has
acknowledged the huge impact climate
change will have on its future China's
top weather scientist says the country
is warming faster than other parts of
the world
jangalang warned that more droughts
storms and higher temperatures will
threaten crop yields and major
infrastructure projects such as the
Three Gorges Dam China agreed last year
to cut greenhouse gases by the year 2030
but it has so far declined to set
specific targets indigenous communities
in Peru's Amazon say the government
isn't doing enough to protect their
lands from illegal logging
that's after officials pledged to reduce
deforestation during the UN climate
summit in December indigenous groups are
seeking land title's for some 77,000
square miles of rainforest but they say
the process has been stalled residents
also say that loggers frequently
threaten their lives Peru is one of the
most dangerous countries for
environmentalists dozens of anti logging
activists and indigenous leaders have
been killed while trying to defend the
land since 2002
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world show
us the enemy in the local economy comics
on the significant policy
