we never recover all the oil somebody
tells you that's telling you stories
good conditions you get half of the oil
that hits the water pipelines for the
most part I was sight out of mind most
communities don't even realize they're
there well this is sort of the cost of
doing business and then we're supposed
to be like oh yeah I Drive a car so
guess I have to deal with oil spills
so we're in Glendive Montana and right
above us the chopper flow vibrator
pipelines company that's doing aerial
surveys of the Yellowstone River because
on January 17th a pipeline broke
spilling about 50,000 gallons of crude
right there into the river and
contaminating the town's drinking supply
we met Paul Peres nard the Environmental
Protection Agency's on-site coordinator
and a veteran in environmental disaster
response we asked him to take us to the
site of the pipeline rupture on the
Yellowstone River we're going down here
kind of at the point of this Oxbow
that's off the main channel and they
found out that there might be some oil
down here so we're gonna go check it out
right on into the seam of this ice you
have this remnants of it coming up along
this stretch that looks to be oil out of
this sheet is that what's giving it that
kind of color and like a little bit of
shine or well so that the sheen is
definitely coming off with you would
have that little rainbow iridescent look
so that by the way it's oily residual
right there what you have there is a
moose as it weathers you get a froth an
oil froth off of it it's pretty common
how far down have you guys been seeing
oil sheen since the spill well so we
have seen sheen the first couple days of
the spill as far down as Sydney which is
about 40 miles downriver but the
furthest that we've seen actual oil
product is about 60 miles downstream so
a lot of this has already moved
downstream you know on its way to the
Mississippi the Poplar pipeline crosses
beneath the Yellowstone River and
carries up to 42,000 barrels per day
from North Dakota's Bakken region which
has seen an increase in oil production
since the shale boom began in 2010
it's unknown what caused the spill but
its impacts are still being felt a month
after the spill lab tests are showing
detectable levels of petroleum in the
muscle of fish downstream from the spill
even though it's hard to see the
immediate impacts of the spill beneath
the ice the properties of this lighter
Bakken crude make it dangerous it's more
volatile than a heavy crude meaning its
constituents have a greater tendency to
evaporate and dissolve this explains why
benzene contaminated the town's drinking
water and the way it evaporates makes it
more difficult to clean up to make
matters worse as the ice begins to melt
it becomes dangerous for cleanup crews
to be out on the river as they risk
falling through the thin ice
there's some of the difference orbit
materials we would call this sausage
boom it likes oil doesn't like water so
it you can put it on the water and it
won't soak in water but it'll soak up
oil so you have you know diapers and
pads that they use to mop up the oil
like they're doing behind us now you
know they're out there now walk in you
know coring holes and open up slots and
he's cutting the groove in the ice to
drain the oil to a collection spot so I
mean as you can imagine I got one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
plus the support crew over there guys
you know tripping holes trying to cut
slots to drain the oil and we will get
you know if we get five gallons of oil
out of there today it'll be a good day
for us our production our recovery of
oil out of the waters just we're not
really getting much with you know 300
something barrels out of the pipeline in
this immediate area less than a couple
barrels actually out of the water
so pretty much what is in the water is
there and going you know we aren't gonna
recover it this isn't out of the
ordinary for an operation like this well
we don't necessarily cover all of it
yeah majority of it a situation like
never and I'll be clear about that we
never recover all the oil somebody tells
you that's telling you stories good
conditions you get half of the oil that
hits the water and the spills that
you've worked on have they been
pipelines that are pretty old and
infrastructure like all built in the 56
teasers so I'm gonna warn you now I
don't get policy oh but I will
suggest to you that 80% of the pipeline
breaks we go or in over lines if I were
king of the world
I'd be replacing pipelines and if I was
king of the EPA but just like I already
helping people replaced by fire but from
a management perspective the pipelines
that you've worked on ethanol yeah the
old I mean that's you know we try to do
risk assessments and you know
contingency planning and the biggest
factor for risk is the age of the
pipeline even though the pipe was
upgraded in 72 the crossing itself was
from the 50s we need to make an effort
to help replace these older lines that's
where we see the most spills that's
where the risk is
from my standpoint is a spill responder
I'd like to see a lot more newer
pipelines because we move lots of oil in
this country I mean that's just I drove
to get up here right so you drove to get
out here to come talk to me it you know
we need the oil until as long as we do I
would like it in a safer infrastructure
the United States has seen an increase
in pipeline spills the US Department of
Transportation recorded 73 pipeline
related accidents in 2014 an 87 percent
increase over 2009 and this figure could
be even higher due to the lag of
companies reporting these spills Bridger
pipelines is the company responsible for
maintaining the line that's build in
Glendive the federal oversight agency
the pipeline and hazardous materials
Safety Administration also known as
finsih issued a warning letter to
Bridger last year following an
inspection of the Poplar pipeline fims a
warned that Bridger wasn't following
safety reporting methods but didn't find
them despite violations under federal
law Bridger for its part defended its
practices saying the 2015 spill had
nothing to do with those safety
violations following what happened in
Glendive Bridger has plans to update
pipeline infrastructure we will
directionally drill under the river at a
much deeper depth and it will be brand
new pipe with with the latest materials
the latest coatings and and the latest
sensors that we that you have was it
hard to our place nearly it's a
substantial effort to replace those
lines and in most cases the lines
operate very well with the methods that
have been used this pipeline was
considered a medium risk pipeline the
fact that it was built in the 50s and
the crossing reconstructed in the 1967
is not uncommon in the pipeline industry
these pipelines were built for a
previous boom and now we're continuing
to use them for a newer oil boom why
don't we have new infrastructure across
the board that seems to be at least in
my view a broader policy question that's
not really in my purview I mean correct
me if I'm wrong but in my mind isn't
that isn't that a company
decision is not a decision that a
company would make to meet the realities
of an industry like do you have to wait
for a government body to say no please
update all of your pipelines I mean
wouldn't that be what a company wants to
do to be safe and keep up with the new
boom I still think that's a policy
question that's kind of beyond the realm
of what I'm able to talk about who
actually makes the designation that it
is a medium low or high-risk pipeline I
believe that designation is made by the
government actually it's the pipeline
companies themselves that designated
pipelines risk not the government we
headed to Washington DC to find out why
the government allows pipeline companies
to police themselves we're here outside
the DoD the home of Pinza I've been
trying to speak to them for weeks about
pipeline safety and stricter regulations
but they refused to go on the record so
we brought the question - Carl Weimer
the head of the watchdog group the
pipeline safety trust to understand the
roadblocks to stricter regulations how
is the pipeline industry regulated right
now the regulations are to a grand
degree left up to the industry to decide
themselves every company has a different
plan every company is looking at risk
differently so there's lots of wiggle
room and how the companies interpret the
regulations that makes those regulations
really hard to enforce and it leaves way
too much up to the industries themselves
to decide how they're going to do that
why doesn't Pinza conduct its own
inspections on pipeline companies well
you know finsih has about 120 inspectors
nationwide for all 50 states two and a
half million miles of pipelines so
they're spread really thin so you know
they don't have the personnel to be out
doing all these inspections so to a
grand degree they've passed it off on
the industry saying you do the
inspections we'll come in every year or
two or three and try to check your
paperwork to see if you're doing it
right and the reality is films as level
of fines they're able to levy on these
companies probably isn't really high
enough to change behavior much so to
some degree there's this how do we work
with the industry to try to get them to
do the right thing because we don't have
the fining authority to really change
their behavior were you surprised to
hear about the spilling Glendive I was
really surprised about that because you
know that the ExxonMobil spill into the
Yellowstone River kind of caught
everybody's attention and there is lots
of activity in that part especially on
the Yellowstone River looking at the
river crossings so when another one
happened just a few years later was
pretty amazing that the companies even
along that River hadn't learned the
lesson yet almost four years ago a
pipeline operated by Exxon spilled more
than 60,000 gallons of oil near Billings
about 200 miles southwest of Glendive
Alexis von Agosti is a farmer whose land
was covered with oil when the
Yellowstone flooded her property she's
one of the many landowners who sued
Exxon after the spill for damages to her
farm and her livelihood alexis took us
to see how close her farm is to the
river so when the spill happened what
was that what did the Yellowstone look
like the river came over the banks which
you can see basically it was flowing all
through our property probably three to
four feet it was kind of the perfect
storm the river flooded the same time
the pipeline broke and we got to keep
all the oil on our place oh here you go
it's not it's not much but you can see
where the oil settled and out of the
marking right there the marking right
here that's oil and that's basically
where when the river went down there was
water left and everything that's kind of
settled and this is about as high as the
water was after the river went down
Alexis's land still isn't back to normal
since the oil seeped into the ground it
has been nearly impossible to extract
she says that this has been detrimental
to her land and to the goats that she
raises we've had a lot a high rate of
mortality and the kids higher than you
know normally a normal year would be
like lose 3% of the kids just for
natural you know that's just what you
lose and after the oil spill we have
like thirty to forty percent mortality
and you can't go to like what do you do
you go to exile be like my goats are
dying and you can't prove that it's the
oil but what else changed nothing else
changed that's never been like this
before yeah we've never had that many
kids look get lost and I'm it's been
like that every year since soils fell
we've had like hi kid crop loss
oh did Exxon provide any kind of support
so for a couple weeks we didn't have
anyone on our place we had no cleanup
crews no remediation I got sick on that
Monday so I've been three days of being
on the farm here and I had to go to the
hospital with a cute hydrocarbon
exposure which you know our public
health agency had been putting out press
releases saying that being around oil
was just like being sprayed by a skunk
and that there was no public health
threat to the soil what was your first
reaction when you heard about this bill
and Glendive I wasn't surprised that
there was another oil spill how come
because nothing has changed since soils
fell that hit our farm do you think
these spills are just a cost of doing
business with old infrastructure these
oil spills are cost for someone but
they're not for the oil company the cost
for the people who are impacted by it um
yeah they spend a couple million dollars
cleaning it up and they do it as cheap
as they can and they're preventable the
Exxon oil spill and the Glendive oil
spill were completely preventable and
we're the public we're on the outside
going hey you need to protect us and
they're like well this is sort of the
cost of doing business and then we're
supposed to be like oh yeah I Drive a
car so I guess I have to deal with oil
spills Keystone XL is being
debated and it's proposed to be just
just crossing the waterway that where
there have been two major spills in the
last four years how I mean what do you
make of that does that concern you they
can say that we have all of these safety
precautions with Keystone and it might
not break under the Yellowstone River
but if it does break holy all the
people saying that it's safe they don't
have to live downstream from the
Keystone and when you don't have to deal
with it you can just you know say oh
it's an acceptable risk well to whom who
is it acceptable to it's not acceptable
to us
President Obama's veto of the Keystone
bill and its riders may have given the
impression that the pipeline is dead but
the president may still authorize the
project pending the results of the
review by the State Department the
Keystone XL would move up to eight
hundred thirty thousand barrels of oil a
day that's almost 20 times more than
what Bridgers popular line moves any
possible spill from Keystone would
eclipse the spill we saw in Glendive I
don't really think the regulations are
up to snuff yet for either the Keystone
pipeline or all the other new pipelines
that are going in the ground or the
existing ones you know we keep seeing
spills the goal ought to be zero
incidents
everybody says that out loud but the
industry isn't really doing all they
could to make that a reality
the Bridger spill speaks to the larger
issue of pipeline safety in the u.s. the
proposed Keystone site is just adjacent
to Glendive even though the Keystone XL
will have newer technology than the
bridge or poplar line the same issue
remains a lack of oversight by a federal
agency already spread too thin and
Keystone is just one part in a web of
2.5 million miles of pipelines in the
United States unless there's a
significant regulatory overhaul we can
expect pipeline spills to continue
happening and be accompanied by a week
of media coverage a few calls for change
and more million-dollar cleanups
you
