la cuarta my speech you are talking on
the right whose greatest issue yes
Sunday's prescribed deep but new us in
emilia-romagna photography diet would
get it
we're in the area of the airport which
the rebels recently won from the
Ukrainians and now they're cleaning up
the area gathering dead bodies and they
put us on this armored vehicle to take
us into the airport
so we just arrived at the destroyed
Annette's airport terminal apparently
they're cleaning up the area from all
the destruction it looks like the
surface of the Moon here but they're
also apparently still putting pulling
out bodies of dead Ukrainian soldiers
Jesus flown into this Airport before
them really don't recognizing any part
of it I think though this is the
arrivals area just because we're on the
ground floor
that's the Europcar desk where I rented
a car from once at least where it used
to be it's really hard to imagine the
kind of fighting that you would I had to
have in order for this kind of
destruction to have taken place
so these men down here they're actually
Ukrainian prisoners of war some of them
were serving in the airport before it
was taken by the pro-russia forces now
they're being used as labor for the
pro-russia side clearing away the rubble
here in the airport and trying to access
some of the bodies that are beneath all
of the concrete slabs that became broken
down during the fighting the fight knew
I see when you leave
Romana
but don't let the bar get exclusive
zealots have done in my manner
yes shot red solid dusty it would be
takateru I give you pictures yeah
obey me very well I will but muchas -
its Utah circles precisely linear yin
make a cleaner peonies the steel is not
the movie - robotics the media not sure
cement a perimeter a voice whose release
this debacle sorry planeman II know in
your country is that you double Aegis
jelly we're open to polyfill Mariposa
non you which move was the atomic me
Audrina aguas yala Ana ovando very
reverse pollutant menu with selenium it
wasn't quite a machine you so what's
happening is the guys from the emergency
services over there said that it's too
dangerous to continue working while that
beam is hanging from the ceiling they're
worried that it might come down on
people working down there so we're going
to try to drop it
for the POWs get back to work apparently
there's three bodies down there that
they can see that they're trying to get
out but they've been digging here for a
couple of days and it's really difficult
what is going on here right now and what
is your role here we are here because we
are trying or we are assisting the teams
that are in charge of the search and a
collection of bodies putting them in
body bags and labeled them correctly etc
to be able to discuss with them in a
more expedited corresponding forensic
examination is it difficult to identify
the bodies from here the difficulty
varies it depends very much in the state
of the body because as much information
is recovered the chances for
identification are very high the
temperatures here have been very cold
this has helped the bodies to be
preserved we will try to collect
information from the body like high like
any identifying features like or
additional documents that that person
may have identity tags or personal
belongings clothing and then put all
this together then do a comparison with
a missing person that it's known to be
programmed died here so after making
this comparison of information we can
identify the individual DNA samples are
going to be collected also so that's
additional information that we'll have
from the body to ensure their
identification
lopaka my speed to apartment good right
what's great s is sure time is
prescribed so representatives from all
the sides have actually come here to
observe what's going on there's an
officer from the russian army he
actually has a label on his jacket that
says Ministry of Defence of the Russian
Federation pretty refreshing to see
those guys actually wearing one of those
there's a representative here from the
Ukrainian army there's a the Red Cross
workers so all of this is happening
under international observation boom ask
you what you been fighting this short
period of my blood my so-called
invincible booster booster boom ask you
know trampled I see so we're going over
to where they've put a couple of the
recovered bodies they brought one of the
POWs along with him to identify the
bodies he knew the men when they were
still alive apparently
No
conditions of these bodies really
deteriorated but there's many more the
whole place is just a one big graveyard
only resolved on the podium column two
three prefers area also yet interstate
the move of the Tyra suite is for the
sleep for the one sign in Shasta karma
which I still use of free training
facility until the marriage I suppose
so mrs. ladybug we're too severe yeah it
was sued by going investment way
according to the Minsk agreement which
was the ceasefire agreement signed a few
weeks ago both sides were supposed to
exchange their prisoners of war the
separatists claimed that the Ukrainians
have 220 of their men they're not saying
how many Ukrainians they're holding we
can see though that these prisoner of
war swaps haven't been completed yet
because they're still being used for
forced labor here in this airport and to
help identify some of the bodies of
their Ukrainian comrades who fell here
