it's Tuesday March 10 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines french
lawmakers are considering draft
legislation that would allow terminally
ill patients to be put into a deep sleep
until death a 2005 law legalized so
called passive euthanasia which permits
doctors to withhold medical treatment
required to keep a dying patient alive
critics say the new legislation amounts
to euthanasia but supporters argue it
simply meets the demands of patients who
want to die with dignity English TV
dongle cool till the FBI is offering a
hefty reward to anyone who can help
secure the return of an American citizen
missing in Iran since 2007 33 years of
service to the United States deserves
something please only the government
claim that Robert Levinson was working
as a private investigators but two years
ago his family revealed that he was on a
rogue CIA mission they said he was
investigating Iran's nuclear program and
the Lebanese Shiite militant group
Hezbollah in 2012 the FBI offered a
million dollars for information on
Levinson's location on Monday that some
was increased to five million today is
his 67th birthday thousands of wounded
Libyans have sought treatment in Tunisia
ever since the conflict broke out in
2011 but it's become harder than ever
for them to get the medical attention
they need the violence is suspended or
limited flights out of Libya that's
forced most people to endure hours long
ambulance rides to the border where
another challenge awaits Tunisian
authorities are now only accepting new
passports with barcodes many Libyans are
stuck with older handwritten documents
and to make matters worse costs remain
an issue some patients say the
government used to cover their medical
bills but that the payments have stopped
these waters are located near the site
of brazil's plan 2016 olympic games in
rio de janeiro and they're full of all
sorts of the now green and brown
lagoon system is bubbling with sulfuric
and methane gases it's foul stench WAAFs
to nearby neighborhoods and there's a
cornucopia
of floating objects from trash two tires
and pieces of furniture the government
is supposed to dredge the lagoons before
the start of the games environmentalists
say that would place a band-aid on a
larger problem that lies in the polluted
rivers that flow into the lagoons check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
ignores nuh prosto miranda pedir louis
yeah Nana celibate agrees to condemn
leaving no stone or chunky snyman
election among boys just honest and
abortion machine name is just so selfish
is something more than you
