Memphis Tennessee is home to what some
consider the sweetest and purest
drinking water in North America
the reason it's so clean that has to do
with where the city's drinking water
sits in a pristine underground lake
known as the Memphis sand aquifer we
have a very unique situation here good
portion of the water that's in the
Memphis and aquifer is over 2,000 years
old that's before the modern age of
industrialization and carbon and
pesticides and medicines and everything
else that gets into the water so it's a
very very clean water above the Memphis
Sand aquifer separated by a layer of
clay is the city's groundwater and above
that groundwater just a few miles from
downtown is a recently retired coal
power plant and it's coal ash pit from
the 60s that holds the toxic residues
like arsenic and lead left behind by
burning coal and next to all that is a
new gas power plant the Tennessee Valley
Authority or TVA manages both the old
and new plants and the pit
the TVA wanted to pump water from the
aquifer to cool the gas power plant and
that had people worried because of the
potential for unintended consequences
it's probably best to just imagine a
coal ash pond filled with coal ash and
all the heavy metals associated with
that and I love that there's no liner in
the bottom of the coal ash pond coal ash
contaminants are leaching down into the
groundwater
scientists nuclear clay separating
groundwater from the aquifer ahead holes
in it and they worried that some of
these holes might be very close to the
polluted coal ash pit if the new power
plant turned on its pumps
water might be drawn through those
breaches in the layer of clay and into
the city's clean drinking water when you
talk the groundwater that can create a
higher potential for water to move from
the shallow groundwater above down
toward breaches and into the aquifer
system that would have been bad but no
one actually knew how bad that is until
the TVA was forced to comply with the
Obama administration's coal ash rule the
regulation mandated that the TVA
installed a network of groundwater
monitoring wells and that monitoring
revealed that coal ash had been leaking
into the groundwater the results showed
the groundwater round the coal ash pit
was contaminated with arsenic at levels
400 times higher than the EPA's
groundwater Standards allowed because of
those results the Tennessee Department
of Conservation convinced the TVA to
agree to hold off on using the pump said
the new plant on March 2nd coal plants
around the country complied with the
coal ash rule and posted their own
groundwater monitoring results online
these revealed extensive groundwater
contamination across the nation
similar to Memphis's but despite the
coal ash will success the Trump
administration has started the process
to weaken it the proposed changes could
mean that coal companies would no longer
be required to post results of their
monitoring online or even bother to
clean up contamination and that could be
bad for Memphis and cities across the
country
you
you
