welcome to on the line the show that
connects you to vice news this week 2014
was the hottest year on record and
global temperatures are projected to
continue rising over the next century as
a planet warms and weather patterns
change humanity will confront new
challenges and be forced to adapt to our
changing planet environment editor
Robert esselman follows these stories
for vice news and is ready to take your
questions now live from Brooklyn Robert
is on the line hi I'm Robert Coleman I'm
environment editor here at vice news and
I'm here to take your your questions who
do we who do we have up first Mike hey
Robert so first today we have mark and
Mark is calling in from Chiang Mai
Thailand awesome hey Robert how's it
going good good how are you how its
Thailand I'm good good good it's it's
burning season so it's a bit smoky out
here but the weather is nice otherwise
good so yeah so what's your question
yeah so when climate change is reported
in the news it can seem like such a
intangible force something that has yet
to come but the effects are playing out
all over the world yet many people still
consider it a low priority how do you
think journalists can better cover the
physical current effects of climate
change on people and ecosystems um you
know I think you you almost kind of
touched upon the answer in your in your
question you know climate change I think
many people do think about it as
something it's kind of very abstract and
something that's going to happen in the
future but like you said these you know
we're seeing climate change happen all
the time in our day-to-day lives whether
it be more intense more frequent
hurricanes hitting you know the east
coast of the United States more intense
frequent cyclones in the Pacific and I
think bringing climate change from the
ABS
tract and from the future into something
that you can you can talk about in these
sort of day-to-day these day-to-day
events these these headline-grabbing
events you know you know natural
disasters and whatnot so I think that's
one way the other way I think is just
you know to really tell you know
gripping you know stories about people
who are either impacted by climate
change were you know we're looking in
our scientists who were looking into the
impacts of climate change and their
effects on you know storms or
temperature or what's happening in with
the polar ice caps you know like I think
nay has chaste tree was on last week
talking about her documentary the
documentary that her and iris produced
on coal ash contamination in the u.s. I
mean that's a story that I think you
know on the surface of it I mean it's an
environmental story not a climate change
story but I think there's a lesson to be
learned and what they did which was you
know coal ash is basically like it's the
 that like you know is produced
after you burn coal it's not necessarily
on the surface of it I think a very sexy
topic but what they did was and I
thought they did a great job at this is
finding people who were impacted by that
water contamination and showing you know
the kind of emotion of that what that
felt like and what it felt like I mean
there was a there was a moment where
they're interviewing a mother and you
know she describes the moment where she
learned that her water was contaminated
and she she's like well you know she
thought about all the times her kids
were drinking that water and he could
sort of really I think very much feel
the concern that she had for her kids
and the way that that can that
contamination impacted their lives and
the concern that that brought about and
I think there's that's a very similar
strategy for talking about climate
change which is you know when Hurricane
sandy hit New York you know going out in
the communities that oftentimes aren't
represented in the media and going out
to those places and talking to people
about how climate climate change
impacted them and then of course you
know there's interesting you know story
is going on with
you know scientists investigating what's
happening in the Arctic or Antarctica
and then you know politicians were
people in direct action movements that
are trying very very hard to essentially
euthanize the fossil fuel industry and
so I think it's like you know just
really getting down into the
nitty-gritty of like how climate change
is impacting people and you know what
you know and trying to highlight some of
the characters whether they be you know
champions for action on climate change
or you know fossil fuel interests or
political interest opposed to regulation
of the marketplace you know really kind
of like focusing in on those individuals
which i think you know just to finish up
I don't think I think that that makes
climate change although it has some very
particular challenges you know like you
like you were saying it's it's thought
of as abstract it's not about in the
future you know it's similar to other
any other stories that that journalists
deal with which is how to make how to
make that story interesting to people
that might not be familiar with it or
might not be interested that but yeah so
I mean what what why do you ask that
question what's what what about that
well I just yeah I just feel like a lot
of people tend to a lot of the articles
coming out on climate change are not
might not interest so many people
because it's so so much of it is focused
on the science or things that or
communities that are so far removed from
America or the west where climate change
is not so much a priority for people
yeah so and it being such an important
issue to kind of raise it to a higher
priority by highlighting the actual
current effects yeah I'm just curious
what you think as an editor of how
journalists can do a better job of that
yeah no I think I mean you bring up a
very good point which is you know you
know each morning we meet at 9am in the
office and we have our edit meetings and
we talk about what stories we're going
to assign for the day and I'm very
interested in what scientists are doing
to try to determine how climate change
is impacting you know you know the
climate system how burning how human
beings burning fossil fuels how that's
affecting you know perhaps the frequency
and intensity of tornadoes or trying to
determine the level of sea level rise or
what's happening in the ice caps but
those stories you know while I find them
super interesting may not be the stories
that really connect people with climate
change so much and I think you know
going back to what you initially said at
the beginning is you know bringing think
the key is bringing stories connecting
readers connecting viewers to people
that are impacted by this stuff or
investigating and really kind of like
making it a bit more character-driven
but it's you know it's a challenge and
now you know there's no you know I don't
have any silver bullet for how to convey
the the the potential I don't want a
potential calamity of climate change
over the next century you know it's an
alarming issue but it's you know it's a
challenge to convey that but but thank
you for your thank you for a question
and yeah yeah thanks yeah you bet your
answer okay all right Michael so who do
we who's up next hey so Robert we have
Edward a video message that you sent us
on skype take a listen to this hi Robert
my name is edward harris and i'm
currently in raleigh north carolina my
question is now the climate change can
no longer be debated what technologies
are being developed to help the everyday
citizen adjust to the new climate
scenario moreover will climate change
further exacerbate social inequality
thank you so I think I mean taking the
technology question first I think it's
important to establish that technology
alone will not address the core problem
of climate change and the core problem
what kind of change is that economies
are burning too much fossil fuels and
it's emitting greenhouse gases into the
atmosphere and that is the scent
problem the central problem is how to
how to reduce the amount of fossil fuels
going into the atmosphere technology is
not necessarily technology can take us
part of the way but really we've got to
like develop new ways of producing
electricity and producing goods and
services there's already existing
technologies that can be ramped up very
very quickly in the US and all around
the world their solar technologies their
wind energy technologies they're the one
of the more controversial debates around
the role of Technology in addressing
climate change is what's called
geoengineering and that's the idea of
deploying one of two engineering
technological you know technologies one
would be to block incoming solar energy
block incoming sunlight before it gets
into the lower levels of the atmosphere
and the other technology would be to
remove carbon dioxide from the
atmosphere to help you know bring down
global temperatures or help alleviate
some of the some of the future warming
that may happen so so you know and those
are those are quite controversial
because it it it it continues there's
like a lot of ethical and juridical
concerns about how that might work
because you can imagine and just to
explain the technologies a bit with
blocking income coming solar energy it's
that the technology would be essentially
putting up air you know replicating you
know volcanoes putting up aerosols into
the upper levels of the atmosphere that
would block incoming solar solar energy
the other would be sort of feeding
seeding clouds that would you know block
some incoming solar energy now the
problem with that is you know again it
doesn't get to the core cause of global
warming which is that human beings are
just you know spewing too much
greenhouse gases into the atmosphere but
you can imagine some of the geopolitical
concerns
the geopolitical scenarios that might
play out which is like well India wants
to deploy this technology but you know
it messes with the atmosphere in such a
way that could cause you know some
droughts in China and so there's a lot
of governance issues around that and I
think more or less there's a consensus
that those types of technologies should
really not be considered on a large
scale because of the problems that they
could that they could cause the other
the other geo engineering technology one
which would pull carbon dioxide out of
the atmosphere and then you could
condense it and shove it back into the
ground from where it came that is widely
seen as something that could be very
beneficial to society but that
technology is not at a scale or at a
level of development that can be
deployed so you know that's that there's
a lot of a lot of debate around
geoengineering there's a lot of
technologies that currently exists that
could be ramped up you know but again
you know as I started out saying
technology can play a role in addressing
climate change but it doesn't get us out
of the central problem which is we need
to stop burning as many fossil fuels as
we do that's a great answer Robert you
ready for your next question wait and he
had but he had a second part of that
 I part of it he was asking about
how climate change could exacerbate
social inequality yeah so this is I mean
this is a really interesting way of
looking at climate change which is you
know although climate change often gets
discussed as an issue of it in and of
itself and it is a problem that needs to
be addressed you know we need to
eliminate you know we need to cut down
and dramatically cut down on the amount
of fossil fuels that we that we burn the
impacts of climate change are going
going to be grafted over already
existing social issues so if you look at
the width but if you look at sort of the
issue of poverty income inequality
climate change can potentially have you
know can potentially exacerbate those
inequalities you know to a very
significant degree you know again going
back to Hurricane sandy that hit
hit his New York you know the community
some of the communities that were hit
the hardest are also ones that you know
are the poorest in in the city and so
getting aid to those communities you
know for whether that be first
responders or government assistance in
rebuilding homes or potentially
relocating people farther away from the
coast and anticipation of future storms
I mean these are you know this is this
is I think that's one example of the way
that you see climate change you know
exacerbating already already existing
inequalities and I think that will
continue to be the case you know in the
US and all around the world until you
know the core issue of inequality is is
addressed and I think there's you know
within the climate change movement
within the climate justice movement
there is there's you know I don't want
to say increasing but there's a
significant number of people who are
trying to tie in equality with the need
to address climate change tie those two
together because climate change impacts
people differently and it impacts poor
people much more significantly then then
then say you know focus on the hot the
higher income levels the one percent as
it were so I think you answered his
question perfectly great thank you
Michael so what's a who's up who's up
next what's up next and we've got Hailie
calling us on skype from Washington DC
cool hey Ellie hello I keep on like say
I keep on saying hello at the exact same
time is the person in on skype so hello
hailey alright so my question is we have
you know the ten last years of the
hottest on record 2014 specifically and
then we have things like these massive
snow days in Washington DC which is why
I'm home and you have great people like
Jim and hof that bring snowballs
and person it and use that as quote
unquote proof that climate change isn't
real yeah I think most rational people
understand that it is but it's kind of
terrifying that these people are in
positions of power and you know
determining how we handle climate change
at least
in America so what do we do in response
to that how do we make this a voter
issue how do we kind of push back on
these theories that because we
have snow climate change isn't real and
make this go down to the American people
and get back up into our government as a
priority ya know that a great question
um chip Michael I think we have a clip
actually of the Inhofe snowball snowball
right here okay so so climate change
you're confirming Inhofe there's
definitely no climate change in in
Washington DC right well I'm until 2015
is the hottest year on record right yeah
so probably gonna happen well here's
this I mean here's the thing so Inhofe
has made a career out of these kind of
stunts couple years ago his wife and
kids constructed an igloo down in DC and
like said like oh it's Al Gore's home
you know poking fun at Al Gore because
he's like a champion of climate change
he's you know Inhofe's called climate
change the greatest hoax ever
perpetrated on the American public and
he's often times used weather which has
not climate to say that there's no
there's no climate change I mean this is
this is and he plays into I think a a
common misunderstanding of the
difference between weather and climate
and just tries to sow confusion and
there's a long history of this i mean
the climate change the fossil fuel
industry the the political interests
that they fund whether they be elected
officials or people in think tanks use
that confusion to sow doubt about what
is a scientific certainty ninety-seven
percent of i mean i'm sure you know this
ninety-seven percent of qualified
climate scientists say that a the world
is warming and be it's because of of
human beings there's no serious
scientific debate going on about either
of those two things there may be
scientific debate about say what's the
what's the impact of climate change on I
mean does it make tornadoes more
frequent and more intense how does it
affect say the Indian monsoon
how does it affect rainfall patterns in
you know the African Sahel I mean those
are you know interesting ongoing robust
scientific debates going on but that
core issue of like climate change exists
it's happening and it's caused by humans
it's like there's no debate about that
but in half you know uses that confusion
about the difference between weather and
climate to continue to so this so this
you know this doubt about it and you
know they're actually tomorrow I believe
there's a documentary that's premiering
called merchants of doubt and that's
based off of a book done by a couple
historians of scientists who really dig
into the the intellectual history of
climate change deniers and it goes back
through sowing doubt about the ozone
hole sowing doubt about connecting
pesticides to disease to you know
transformations of you know genetic
genetic makeup going back to the
connection between tobacco smoking and
cancer and so there's a long history of
this and the tactics you know are used
over and over again which is just so
doubt create doubt and that way people
will say like hey there's an ongoing
debate when there's really not so I
don't know I'm dead what do you think
about this it so I mean you know
bringing back the tobacco industry they
were largely funding political campaigns
and bankrolling a lot of lobbyists and
 right that's why they were so
successful for so long until people
finally realized that cigarettes were
still bad for you and I think
that the fossil fuel industry is
definitely contributing largely to some
of these people that are still take not
taking action on climate change because
of the benefits that they're getting for
themselves personally and for their
campaigns not at all for their
constituents obviously or else we
wouldn't have this issue so then what
what can we do to kind of go around them
or over them to make sure that this
issue is still being addressed I mean
even even China is coming out and taking
measures to reduce their global
greenhouse gas in their carbon emissions
and we're not doing it because and Hoffs
in the pocket of yeah coal industry
maybe someone should tell them that
those are still union jobs and he'll get
off that yeah now ya know excellent
point you know I think the thing I mean
you you you mentioned perhaps an
interesting political strategy about
this you know I'm a journalist I'm not
out there doing political organizing but
you know you mentioned this idea of just
going around them and indeed if you look
at most polls of public perception about
climate change there's like a majority
of people that do believe it exists and
that humans are causing it and that
something should be done about it
there's widespread public support for
action on climate change and so you know
why not go around them why not just
organize people that are on board to
address climate change why fixate on
trying to convince those that don't
believe in believe it that deny it
exists and I think that's an interesting
political question and it raises
journalistic questions to which is you
know do you in in cover in covering the
issue of climate change do you include
the voices of climate change deniers and
I think the answer is no because if we
were doing if we were if we were here
talking about the aviation industry I
wouldn't you know would we would we
suggest would you suggest including
somebody that doesn't believe in in
gravity you know it would just be absurd
and so I think with you know with you
know both politics and with with you
know looking at it as a political issue
i think you know maybe maybe it is a
wise thing to go around them and not get
too concerned about climate change
deniers but the problem arises that you
know we're not talking about just
members of the public that are denying
climate change we're talking about
people like Jim Inhofe who are in
positions of power and it's not I mean
James Inhofe who denies climate change
does this like snowball stun he oversees
he's on the the the Senate committed the
Senate Energy and Natural Resources
Committee this is a man that oversees
you know regulations proposed by the EPA
and is overseeing implementation of
Obama's climate change rules his rules
to limit greenhouse gas emissions from
power plants and from industry around
the country
so that is why in in half is so alarming
in a way it's that he's in a position of
power he's not just some night as a
private citizen I can't go and you know
start dealing out carbon taxes yeah
that's right that's right yeah so we
ought to get Jim an half to do it yeah
well you know maybe I think you bring up
an interesting point which is why not go
to Oklahoma and start talking to his
constituents about like hey you know
many of the the jobs that have been
created since the Great Recession you
know one of the fastest growing sectors
is renewable energy production you know
this is an economic issue for a lot of
people all right thanks thanks so much
for your for your questions Haley thank
you all right Robert you ready for a
quick tweet yes so what's the two you
could answer us this question quickly
what is the difference between climate
and weather I know you started to get at
this but yeah I think there's a lot of
confusion nothing yeah so yeah so a
perfect perfect tweet question so the
difference between weather and climate
really comes back to really gets down to
what scale of time you're looking at
weather is what happens you know from
minute to minute day-to-day up to you
know maybe a week it's how hot is it
outside right now is it raining it's
weather is looking at temperature
precipitation what's the visibility
today is it is it foggy is it clear how
humid is it but on very very short time
scales that's what we're talking about
when we're looking at weather now
climate is what one expects to happen
over long periods of time climate is
most scientists say that you need to
look at and out what the the average
temperature what the average
precipitation pattern is over at least
at a minimum 30 years three decades but
oftentimes climate is something that's
determined over centuries of looking at
of looking at temperature and
precipitation data you know whether is
what what is what is the atmospheric
conditions
like right now climate is what you
expect to happen you know here in in the
northeast of the United States we expect
you know our expectations of the climate
are that temperatures are going to be
cooler in the winter than they are in
the summer during the summer we're not
going to get snow but during the winter
we are going to get snow and so you know
it's it's a question it's a question of
scale and you know like I was discussing
with Haley you know those to the
confusion between those two oftentimes
gets used by climate change deniers to
you know so doubt about climate change
that's a great answer so I let's say our
next caller I we have Nora calling this
on skype from Washington DC great hi
Robert how are you good how you doing
nor I'm good thanks I'll note snow day
in DC yes no day in DC so a few days ago
Vice published an article say to earth
citing climate change is one of the
causes 11 of the likely causes for the
uprising in Syria yeah um so but the
article also states that the driest
point of the drought was recorded in
2008 however the uprisings themselves
did not start until 2011 with the
majority of the calls for reform being a
change in the government and the removal
are the lifting of you know martial law
as well as expanded civil rights so I
was wondering what you thought about
like where exactly is the nexus between
climate change and the uprising in Syria
because it seems that it it seems to
have been a more politically motivated
uprising as opposed to something related
to climate yeah I I you know I would
agree with you it was a politically
motivated uprising and i think i think
the researchers in the report would
probably agree and so this is a site
just as background for those who don't
know this is a report that came out
authored by researchers at columbia
university and the university calif
at Santa Barbara and what they what they
found or what they're arguing is that
the that the drought that occurred prior
to the 2011 uprising was the most severe
drought ever recorded in the Fertile
Crescent in Syria northern Iraq and that
what that drought did was drive roughly
a million and a half people from
agricultural areas in Syria into cities
and what happens when and also that you
know the lack of sound agricultural
policies on the part of the the syrian
state drove people out of the
agricultural lands into cities where
many of them most of them you know had
very difficult lives perhaps defined by
unemployment lack of adequate housing
access to utilities access to food and
that these people also became part of a
social movement demanding reforms from
the Assad regime and so what what the
scientists are saying and I think you
know what we what what I think we
conveyed through the piece is that
climate change didn't cause the Syrian
uprising but was an aggravating factor
in that uprising and that you know
because you know I I was in Syria in
2008 I've done some reporting there I
was in Egypt in 2012 doing some
reporting after the the fall of Mubarak
and you know obviously people have
long-standing political grievances in in
Syria in Egypt many people talked about
the role of the Tunisian uprising as
inspiring them to take up you know to
take to the streets to try to you know
topple the the Mubarak regime so
obviously there's all sorts of like
political issues there's influence of
other other uprisings in the region but
I think what the scientists are saying
is like climate change also forced the
social dislocation
that added to the political tensions and
this is I mean it's not a controversial
it's not a controversial idea i mean
this is even something that the u.s. the
u.s. Pentagon talks about they call it a
force multiplier that climate change you
know as I was saying before with the
issue of inequality climate changes
grafted over these pre-existing things
and just makes them a bit more prone to
conflict and yeah so I don't know
hopefully that answers answers your
question but i think you know just to
sum up there saying climate change
didn't cause it it was one of many
factors and climate change will you know
in the future likely exacerbate already
existing you know social tensions
political tensions okay okay cool thank
you that it that well I mean I just be
having gone to Syria every summer since
I was a kid I remember how the Iraq war
and the the influx of Iraqi refugees
into Syria as well as Palestinian
refugees insist area caused a lot of
inflation along with government
corruption that caused that cause lent
or that called that cause real estate in
Syria to become the most expensive real
estate in the world these are all things
that are really tied to corruption
because the government could have easily
made economic reforms I mean it's also
tied to like the devaluing of the Syrian
lira which you know in my grandfather's
time was a one dollar two three lira
ratio and now it's a one dollar or prior
to the revolution it was a one dollar
250 later ratio sure so um well I
definitely agree with I believe in
global warming and climate change
because I am a scientist um I think I
just I'm not really sure how much
climate change in itself excluding the
fact that the Assad regime are ignoring
the fact that the Assad regime could
have made changes in the government that
would have allowed the people to
continue to live properly you know be a
real reason for that happen yeah no I
think I think I under under
and what you're saying and I would agree
I think you know that if the Assad
regime if the Syrian government had
policies in place to address the fact
that this drought was so severe and
displacing so many people you know
perhaps the perhaps I think what these
researchers are saying is like perhaps
the the uprising would have been less
severe not that it wouldn't happen not
that you know the Civil War wouldn't
wouldn't have have occurred but that
government the in the absence of a state
that is able to deal with you know
things like corruption on top of in
addition to you know problems associated
with climate change you know there's
going to be more conflict so but but
thank you for your questions thank you
thank you yeah peso Robert we just got a
tweet that was sending while we were
alive and I went I wanted to read this
for you okay Amy the great sent us a
question that asking us I do scientists
have an agreement really about how
quickly chat climate change is happening
so she's saying that some of the errors
and understanding climate change might
be because people don't really know how
quickly it's happening so is there any
sort of consensus on this i think you
know there's been some criticism of the
UN it the UN's Intergovernmental Panel
on Climate Change and just as a bit of
background the intro n Intergovernmental
Panel on Climate Change puts out these
consensus reports every five years was
every five years or so which being bring
together all of the the the current
scientific understanding of climate
change and release it to and it becomes
the advisory document for governments
around the world one of the criticisms
of the UN process has been that it's
really kind of under estimating the
severity of climate change as alarming
as those reports are in terms of you
know the impacts climate climate change
could have on the ice caps on
temperature on the frequency of drought
on food production around the world
they do see it does it does there's I
think there's you know robust scientific
evidence that the world is warming
faster that extreme weather events are
occurring more frequently and much more
intensely than then a lot of scientists
have have previously predicted and so
you know I think there is there's a
debate within the scientific community
about you know is there a bias not as
climate change deniers say towards
making things more alarmist but is there
a bias perhaps to be to tone down the
impacts of climate change and so it's an
open question but I mean I think there's
a lot of scientific debate going on
about that but i think you know in my
experience it seems like you know i've
been covering climate change for you
know six or seven years now i feel like
the predictions are happening much more
quickly about the the pace and the scale
of changes to the earth's atmosphere and
oceans great answer so we have our last
guide color of the day let's say hey to
fill calling in from Richmond Virginia
hello Phil from Richmond Virginia how
are you hey Robert good how are you good
good you got a bunch of bicycles in the
background there yeah yeah i'm at a at
my bike shop right now or the one I work
at awesome so my question for you coming
out of the the people's climate March
and flood wall street and even Ferguson
at the end of this past year I feel like
we've seen a lot of grassroots
organizations really starting to connect
the struggles you know seeing where race
and gender & labor intersect with
environmental and climate justice and
you know also a growing interplay
between the these like grassroots groups
and the big traditional nonprofits and
big Green's including myself you know
resisting the Atlantic coast pipeline
down here so I was wondering how do you
see this is growing interplay between
the the big greens and the like
grassroots direct action folks pushing
for more effective results yeah you know
I think one of the before I answer the
the connection between the the big
greens and the direct action groups I
think one of the more underreported
stories about the climate change
movement and climate change politics in
the u.s. is really you know how much and
of a contribution small direct action
groups have had on stopping fossil fuel
production stopping the transportation
of fossil fuels particularly you know
exports there's been you know small you
know small groups of activists in say
the Pacific Northwest that have been
that have been doing great work around
you know blocking the construction of
coal export terminals there's been
activists in you know in the plain
States you know bringing a lot of
attention to oil by rail shipments and
you know obviously Keystone XL has been
a huge issue you know for the
environmental movement and I think
there's a lot of there's been a lot of
activity you know with blockades in I
think Nebraska or Kansas I can't
remember which you know they're like
yeah everywhere yeah right so
significant contributions from small
direct action organizations you know in
addition to the campaigning of the big
green groups and and I think kind of you
know so to get get to your question more
directly I think you're what you're kind
of inferring is that there's been an
antagonism between these two and I think
historically there has been a bit of
antagonism between them because they're
not their interests aren't necessarily
shared on an organizational level you
know they may be for the environment for
protecting the environment for
addressing climate change but you know
some of the big green groups are much
more focused on lobbying and trying to
pass legislation in DC where you know
the smaller direct action organizations
are much more trying to just throw a
monkey wrench into the way the file
so fuel industry works I think one way
in one example of the way in which those
groups seem to be collaborating on with
maybe not collaborating but having a
kind of a cooperative political
strategy is as you mentioned with the
the the people's climate March so
people's climate March happened 400,000
people you know in the streets of New
York City but the day after there was a
direct action on Wall Street and you
know talk to you know trying to trying
to point out the connections between you
know the US financial industry Wall
Street and its funding of fossil fuel
production and so I think you're seeing
you know and you're seeing a bit bit of
collaboration on these issues but i
think you know there's you know
activists within the climate movement
will talk about sort of diversity of
tactics sort of different approaches for
different folks and I think you know
there's a bit of there's a bit of you
know everybody you know you go and do
your thing in DC you know we'll do our
thing in you know the Pacific Northwest
I do think that those antagonism still
exist because you know and there's open
debates about whether or not the to tie
the problem of climate change directly
to the fossil fuel industry or to tie it
to politicians who aren't say passing
you know cap-and-trade legislation or
passing a carbon tax or whatever and so
you know that's that's that's a kind of
open debate about what's what's the the
proper target but you know I don't know
I hopefully that I don't know if that
answers your question but yeah I think I
think it definitely starts and well I'm
also interested like maybe how you think
these dynamics are playing out globally
or will play out globally in 2015
especially leading up to the UN
conference of parties in Paris later
this year you know maybe that maybe that
those big mobilizations that we've seen
with you know all the the legislative
and policy folks but then all the just
people just everyday people coming out
and you know protesting or whatever it
is
yeah no I mean certainly there seems to
be an importance to these big
spectacular marches but an interesting
thing is like if you look at the history
of say struggles around you know
hiv/aids you know the act up was a
organization that targeted you know the
FDA very very you know a kind of
precision way there was no as I remember
huge you know marches for you know
government action on hiv/aids maybe the
you know there was the AIDS quilt you
know in DC I guess that in the early 90s
but you know act up presents an example
of where very very very small groups of
people sometimes have the capacity to do
great things and you know bringing
attention and basically getting you know
life-saving drugs into the hands of
people that had HIV and AIDS and so I
think there's perhaps something there
for the climate movement to learn
particularly going into 20 going you
know looking ahead to 2015 with you know
the the the international climate summit
in Paris and in December which is you
know these these big marches you know
capture headlines they bring a certain
public attention to the issue but really
it's going to be those those battles in
the trenches all over the world in every
nation not every nation but certainly
the US China the big economies that
really need to curb their their fossil
fuel consider fossil fuel burning it you
know it that's that's where the that's
where the the struggle is as it were
it's going to be pressure coming from
you know from below each diplomat to go
to Paris and do an agreement and that's
going to look differently in India than
it does in the United States and it's
going to look differently in China than
in the US but I organized a
environmental groups climate change
groups concerned about climate change
all over the world over the next several
months are going to be organizing very
vigorously to apply political pressure
to
to have some sort of agreement in in in
Paris in 2015 okay great but thank you
yeah thanks for your question all right
Robert I guess what made it to the end
of the show all right well it's been
great I hope to hope to come back on
come back on soon what did you do for
work before and now what are you doing
for work Oh Colin ilokano quebrando we
knew hey Brando platano haha 10 gone
Kevin daiquiri or annoy them on a
Pokemon
ahora tacos enterita tirando a ver lo
que de nada
