we've come back to the refugee camp here
in El Marge just to see how the
situation is developing after the storm
people are continuing to arrive at the
camp this is a blue macaw he came from
Syria 20 days ago and his family still
doesn't have their own tent so he's
going to show us where his family's been
living
and the damaja medical patient returns
in the mean what the hell yeah I wish
come on sit to shoehorn oh yeah you keep
model go to hell Hoshi can I do a
bursary and of not dog food in
southeastern Asia southern oh cool what
are you funny
so no nakawara fidget how she summon out
a dish in the Thames she on the moon
sorry I let none Jonnie the Freeman
Bahamas it's our mission
Mohammed mother Mick - Sean Murray me
I'm Nick yeah I'm Rob is Cynthia an
obscene movie cheer okay so what was the
Anaconda the tougher dangerous way Rocky
are they
moeraki are they animal Okazaki Tomoya
xuan p jeab means warrior and the Shania
and the shoe and the in Saudia Mabus an
Egyptian magic she's lost Holly did you
hear the horn back in maja went on half
a kilometre maybe said whoa yeah you
said you know mama sorry why why could
she know Casa valiums an afternoon under
then I'm such a bill Oh mom then I cut
among young enough und shovel doo-dah
Fifi until tomorrow
1didwedid wonder what the onion tomato
significant Tom Ian is a master valid
legitimate or named Daniel
Nadia me on hold on
