to bring us as second-class citizens in
our country that took these other people
these alien colonizers before us
you
vice news traveled to Newcastle for the
inaugural demo of Paquita UK Paquita is
a German anti-islam and anti-immigrant
Street movement which stands for
patriotic europeans against the
islamization of the west its rallies
have attracted up to 25,000 supporters
obviously that looks a lot like a
swastika it may be the bin okay
some bhisma obviously started in germany
are you like affiliated with the german
movement we have the blessing yeah we
were born for German they don't tell us
how we couldn't look around the
organization we do that ourselves yeah
we think it should be for England if
what you described is the Islamization
of Britain continues how do you imagine
Britain looking what is sort of your
worst-case scenario
firstly former the oppression of women I
mean would you like to wear a burqa I
wouldn't want to walk around in a burqa
that's what Sharia law calls for child
marriage are those things that you
legitimately think could happen and yes
I definitely believe that 100% I believe
it can happen there and I think that's
what their aim is let's please hate we
just say there only that we will
dominate
behind me we've got the countermarch to
pegida so what looks to be hundreds of
people marching against the presence of
Paquita which is just ahead of us in big
market
bunch of British flags and a bunch of
English flag a sign over there says no
surrender others saying we'll talk
British people so why are you here today
against the rise of the Islamic
extremism in the Yogi and Judith do you
worry the best ever is gonna make Muslim
people feel unsafe in this town a few
looks it our feelin said it's it's not
it's not
it's not the way to Christians that are
causing any trouble it's the the Muslims
who are causing the trouble
I see you made a t-shirt can you talk to
me about what's the difference between
nuts and not there's no difference
whatsoever what they're they make Nazis
that's what you're having people all
over the world
that's not religion is a cult I'm not
racist never ever hamdeen consumers
gonna make a stand against the
extremists
we need taffy while you're here today I
wanted to come and show that's walking
on breakfast treats and if you don't
come protest to make these feelings
known be problem in your process we
don't do you think that normal ordinary
Muslims should be allowed to build
mosques and worship I don't know
Crusaders well now when - not when we're
having libraries community centers or
everything shut down and then they're
popping up with us Superman no that's
not right to put us as second-class
citizens in our country and took these
other people these alien colonizers
before us and the other story in the
week was the year
one-third of Muslims in this country
think that it is okay to kill
journalists who are exposing the truth
about the sort of person Mohammed was
demo organizers claim that the event was
hijacked by right-wing groups and
skinheads who don't represent Paquita
some Nazis showed up and the UM peanuts
eating here went along too and in the
chaos site people are bringing up wall
butchers and things it's it's nothing to
do with the demo I see a ring yes
actually I'm very worried about what
it's going to do for our image that's
why it's important for us to calm down
radicals wherever we find them honestly
I've seen like a ton of swastikas took
variations on swastikas know that that
seems to be kind of an image that have
to refer you to one of our
organizational stuff they're certainly
not welcome here please police have come
and they're filling in the gap between
the two groups it looks like some of the
Paquita guys have tried to move towards
the counter demo
could you tell us why you're here today
racism a new customer do you feel like
the people on the PETA side over there
are racist yeah
we caught up with controversial MP
George Galloway just after he addressed
the counter demo to deal with prodigal
Islam how do you think that government
can assuage this year well the
government is helping is helping to
produce the small number of
in our midst by the policies that
they're pursuing at home and abroad the
economic crisis that we have in the
country produces Iliad and along come
these extremists and to offer an
explanation of it police say that around
400 Paquita supporters faced off against
2,000 anti-fascist counter marchers but
Paquita UK says the demo was a success
and is already planning a second march
in London
