it's Wednesday March 4th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
a Russian lawyer for Edward Snowden says
the NSA whistleblower is ready to return
to America on the condition he's granted
a fair trial u.s. officials want Snowden
to face criminal charges for leaking
details of the government's mass
surveillance program Moscow granted him
asylum in 2013 and has refused to
extradite him since Snowden was issued a
3-year Russian residency permit last
year Olivia no thora tease say they've
seized 27 tons of shredded coconut men
of T the packages were found in a
warehouse in the eastern city of Santa
Cruz they were labeled as yerba mate'
which is a caffeine rich tea known for
its stimulating buzz a government
official said it was the first time they
had ever come across a shipment like it
the cocoa leaves were bound for Lebanon
where they could have been turned into
more than 200 pounds of cocaine and sold
wholesale for at least four million
dollars Kenya's president burned 30
million dollars worth of illegal ivory
on Tuesday to symbolize the country's
fight against poaching speaking at a
ceremony to mark World Wildlife day
president Uhuru Kenyatta said demand
from emerging markets is threatening
elephant and rhino populations we are
committed to combating the ministry
bustling and persistently until we
dismantle the entire vile economy Kenya
recently introduced harsher punishments
for convicted poachers and smugglers but
conservationists say they still fall
short of what's needed to prevent the
slaughter of thousands of animals every
year
medicine and surgical supplies are
harder than ever to come by in Syria's
second largest city but some health
workers in Aleppo are turning to nature
to cope with the cost of war this
alternative medicine center is offering
customers hundreds of herbal remedies to
treat ailments that range from digestive
problems to high blood pressure and
diabetes
pharmacists say they're working to
ensure patients have viable options as
the country's civil war enters its fifth
year ongoing violence has shut
pharmaceutical factories down and
shipments often aren't delivered over
fears
they'll be rerouted to treatment it
fighters check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
almost assuage any idea Shapira media's
authorization had been beaten us to
Pikeville sharokina aquila semester knew
so much like me boom territory opponents
to Kurdish time Russia to Swiss you host
ok so but it's a Couture style
