it's Monday March second and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines tens of
thousands of people have gathered in
central Moscow to honor slain Putin
critic Boris Nemtsov the opposition
politician and former Deputy Prime
Minister was shot dead on Friday night
as he walked home from a nearby
restaurant Nemtsov was collecting
research on the Kremlin's involvement in
the Ukraine conflict the supporters have
accused the government of his killing
Russian authorities say they're
investigating a number of theories
surrounding the assassination and
President Putin has promised to bring
the killers to justice the Congolese
army says it's gaining ground in a new
offensive to crush an insurgency in the
country's east on Sunday a government
spokesman announced that troops had
recaptured territory in North and South
kevo and arrested more than 90 rebel the
campaign is aimed at driving out the
democratic forces for the liberation of
Rwanda or the FDLR the group's been a
major player in the region's two decades
of conflict some of its leaders fled to
the Democratic Republic of Congo after
taking part in the 1994 Rwandan genocide
the Congolese government has been under
increased pressure to fight the FDLR
which is accused of rape murder and the
recruitment of child soldiers aluma
inadequate funding and infrastructure is
making it difficult for libya to care
for thousands of African migrants trying
to reach the European continent eight
share a room in this squalid refugee
center in the coastal city of Misrata
there's no medical care and very little
aid coming through sewage water pools
outside the building the ongoing
fighting and political crisis in Libya
have turned the country into a dangerous
point of transit but many migrants say
conditions are still better than what
they face in their poverty stricken and
war-torn nations and they save their
deported that they plan to return
Spanish police have arrested at least
nine people suspected of creating and
selling counterfeit art the interior
ministry said the group allegedly passed
off the fakes as original works by
artists such as Andy Warhol pablo
picasso and joanne miro local media
reports some of them had asking prices
of 180 thousand euros authorities began
their investigation after several pieces
were stolen during a burglary in
Alicante province on Saturday they
seized 271 pieces in seven locations
across the eastern region of Valencia
the suspects are believed to have run
the operation for the past seven years
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
family money for space for two brothers
to make the canister which you took to
make a team is somebody which the deal
with us spud well as soon as elder
quorum madhurima sets you apart
