with world leaders condemning the
shooting death of Russian opposition
leader Boris Nemtsov this weekend vice
news witness firsthand the feverish
public support for Vladimir Putin at a
pro-government rally the weekend before
the protests gathered in downtown Moscow
to mark the one-year anniversary of what
they see as a bloody coup of the
inchoate regime in Ukraine these orange
flags are actually representative of the
great victory of the Soviet Union in the
Second World War there's obviously a
modern parallel going on right now
because people are celebrating both that
victory but also the victory in Crimea
and the ongoing war and Ukraine
Obama going on about 105 oh you're more
than that we met I was dumb their
political America's rule by this buzz
where the governor will abide especially
our new schema Draghi basic mediator as
Buddhists or would it law there has to
be at least 5,000 people
there's clear that proton baths people's
feeling to this movement right now
there's also a very anti-american
America ticker my dining back and don't
let my done happen in Russia we keep
hearing and then the first enemy Jimmy
reversal really needed yet emotionally
this really need
furthermore are put in Louisville
Aquatica multivitamin the potency Vanya
I knew Kolkata cos Alberta addictive
Safra movie based near by the mummy-papa
Theatre in Sydney
why are you
so as people are walking to
revolutionary Square they're actually
being fed with giant feature film
screens of war propaganda that
essentially say that the influence of
America on countries like Syria and more
importantly Ukraine has destroyed those
countries and that they were promised
jobs food but the history of Ukraine has
been destroyed this is the young
Cossacks
Cossacks are a very nationalist group
we've been operating in Ukraine and
they've got a huge historical importance
to the country as well and to Russia
this right here is the Eco movement of
Russia and just before that we actually
saw not only Cossacks but we saw the
Muslim Association of Moscow there is in
fact some diversity to pro-putin Heights
where at this rally
so not only are there eco warriors which
people but apparently there's people who
are pro-gaddafi Wiggins madam and stop
these American organizations and you
think my dad could happen in Russia you
think that no in the end
tens of thousands join a rally
protesting any possible revolution in
the streets of Moscow was at the same
time supporting a unifying Russian
Federation with such a strong show of
public support the government and the
people continue to appear more unified
than ever
you
