after the second military operation we
thought that the next one will be the
last one now we know it's not the last
one so we ask how many time and what we
will lose on the way
Hamas is cynically using a lot of money
to build those amazing tunnels instead
of investing this money in his own
people back on the Israeli side we
headed to the crossing a Karen Shalom to
see what was being brought into Gaza in
Israel there's a lot of concern about
what type of goods are allowed through
the cross so we're here right now at the
Karen's Island crossing which is right
at the border of Gaza Israel and Egypt
as you can see a lot of these goods are
going in right now for the
reconstruction efforts we've been told
it's about 30% construction we're seeing
concrete we're seeing timber we were
just told that 400-500 rocks are going
in a day the question is is that enough
for 1.8 million people and for all the
destruction that was caused over the
summer in fact the UN says that to cover
just housing reconstruction and repair
it needs 735 truckloads per day 7 days a
week for three years even so the goods
entering Gaza are still heavily
monitored and construction materials
face long bureaucratic procedures to get
clearance other materials like machine
parts are also considered dual use so
something for fixing a power plant might
be restricted as it can be used to make
rockets we're mostly being shepherded
towards the construction materials they
know
that's an issue it's a controversial
issue that there's not enough being
brought in to help rebuild the city and
it's pretty clear that our guides here
want to make sure we film as much of
that as possible
we're gonna talk to an officer in Koga
which is the coordinator of government
activities in the territory
it's the Israeli agency that handles all
the civilian crossings and everything
that necessitates that so basically
they're the ones overseeing all the
goods that are going through and the
goods that are coming out of Gaza we saw
a bunch of truckloads of goods going in
today what's that what's the process
like for those goods that go through
what's the security in place who checks
it you know what do you what do you
check out general today all goods are
allowed to go to Gaza there is a small
list of goods which has to be checked
before getting the clearance to go
inside Gaza
other goods Ageha getting clearance in
five minutes they just asks ago is a
list every day and if it's similar goods
food a other goods which can be used for
civil purposes they don't need much
currencies or coordination to just go to
the crossing after we get the details
and being transferred to Gaza but
they're still I mean there's still like
a sort of quota of goods that are
allowed in now
No except the goods which are can be
used for military purposes
Olga Tel Aviv is not special Koreans the
lengthy process that Karen Shalom pushes
up the cost of the goods more so than if
they came through Rafa but with the war
still fresh in everyone's memory is real
for your supplying material that could
be used for military purposes one of
Hamas has major military successes
during the war came from a network of
tunnels dug into Israel that were used
by militants to launch attacks on
soldiers and communities along the
border
the discovery of the tunnels had a
dramatic effect on Israeli border
communities we met up with captain elbow
a medical officer with the Israel
Defense Forces to get a closer look at
one of the tunnels the IDF discovered
during the war this is one of the
best-built tunnels and you can see all
the ceilings flow walls everything is
made by a concrete very well reinforced
it's really heavy in first years it is
as I said Hamas is a learning
organization we they had a few tanners
that collapsed we know about people that
were killed during the digging processes
inside a strip and they've learned from
it now they are building it much better
and for it not to happen again it's gone
Saad do we know where the Kaka comes
from where is it originated this is an
Israeli concrete we found even bags of
cement written in Hebrew in this tunnel
it was it was bought for me is really a
factories to the strip in order for them
to use it for normal purposes but they
have decided to invest all the same
resources in those tunnels so you know
it's pretty ironical but that's what
actually happened seeing this concrete
that's being used how do you feel about
the reconstruction efforts and Gaza
obviously we know there's there's tens
of thousands people that are homeless
that are freezing that have nothing but
then you can see here some of the
concrete that was brought in before
maybe for reconstruction was used to
build these tunnels how do you how do
you rectify that situation
Hamas is cynically using a lot of money
to build those amazing tunnels instead
of investing this money in his own
people and then I can tell you that we
know that most if not if not everything
most of the things that are going inside
a strip nowadays as we speak don't go to
the people inside a strip they go
towards new tunnels towards new bases of
Hamas towards all the military purposes
and this is extremely sad for me so what
do we what are we seeing right over here
this is the neighborhood of Khan Younis
that's a neighborhood in the Gaza Strip
in which a the tunnel this one
I've been a dog from a communist was hit
very very hard during the war right it
was leveled I don't know about the
amount of a danger of him a hit
I do know that we aimed only for the
Hamas purposes only for the Hamas
targets in the tunnels
you know these neighborhoods were
destroyed for the most part I don't know
what the military purpose was but they
were they were hit pretty bad you know
with the very problematic issue we have
it for you four years old child a very
cute one that was killed by a rocket
fired from a UN school in this trip so
you know it's raised it concerns the
international law wherever you are being
fired from is the legitimate purpose we
are not attacking most of it because we
don't want to harm innocent people but
still there's a lot of concern I mean
the Palestinians are going to the ICC
right now you know to accuse Israel of
war crimes and Israel's trying to stop
them they don't want to go on trial for
it
I have no idea about it I am a medical
officer who saved the tallest that's all
I know
that's all I was doing I saved life for
everybody that's what the IDF is going
to fall and I have to say my own opinion
we are the most moral army in the world
whoever says otherwise should be
checking self that's my own opinion but
I have nothing to do with this thing
thank you yeah thank you so we're here
in na hollows which is the closest
Israeli community to Gaza and over the
summer War there was an infiltration
here by Hamas commandos Hamas filmed the
operation when they came up through the
underground tunnels and surprise
attacked the IDF base in the hollows
they killed five Israeli soldiers and
were able to escape with their weapons
Gail is a resident of the nah hollows
kibbutz across the road from the IDF
base while the community may seem quaint
the schools are reinforced with concrete
barriers to protect from rockets and
mortars it's also protected by a number
of security fences and cameras the scale
of devastation isn't close to what we
saw in Gaza but the residents are still
traumatized by the war last summer a
four-year-old boy in the hollows was
killed by a rocket attack
the boy that was killed here I think was
four years old Daniel was that really
close by here yes it was and no and 400
meters from my house was he was he
running to his house was he inside the
house it was inside the house and
because there was a lot of falling
before and they went to the safe home
out and in and out and then his parents
decided that they will go out it was
Friday and to the family and leave the
kibbutz again until it will be ceasefire
again and they actually packing and they
started to put these things in the car
and then there was the alert and because
they have two little brothers his two
parents took the little brothers to the
safe home and he trusted him that it
will run also they didn't get to the
safe home also but the near was standing
next to the window and it was dead
immediately and I I cannot imagine
something do you think it's reaching a
sort of breaking point where people are
starting to realize that maybe a
military solution isn't the answer yes I
think now it's the point after the
second military operation we thought
that the next one will be the last one
now we know it's not the last one
so we asked how many time how many
rounds and what we will lose on the way
when you lose a kid you start to think
about everything over again over again
um and you have to think if it's worth
it and there's no explain in the world
that said it can was it it's not Gail is
taking us to the main security fence
that's around the entire kyboots so you
can see right up over here that balloon
looking thing that's an observation
camera that sort of surveys the
territory right here
because we are so close and we don't
have enough time to allows us if there's
a rocket falling if the camera sees that
is something suspicious next to the
border they let us know by our cell
phone and then we know to go to the safe
home to stay next to our houses to bring
our kids back home we have to be a bit
safe for all the time because this is
our our way to know what's about to
happen and how often do those alerts
come if this quiet right now we hope we
would who didn't get any for days for
weeks for months
but they're doing war time or the days
before it can be every 20 minutes every
hour every two hours all the time doing
the night doing the day all the time you
continue to live here with all these
threats I mean when you speak to people
in Gaza they say we have nowhere else to
go otherwise we will leave you guys have
a choice to stay here why do you end up
staying here even with all this
happening this is my home it's always
been my home and when I was a child I
remember Gaza Strip different I remember
time when I used to go to Gaza Strip and
I used to eat there and to do shopping
over there to go to the beach over there
and I think I'm waiting here in this
point for this for this area okay can
that could happen again
I really believe it could happen again I
cannot see it right now I know where I'm
living but I really hope that one day it
will happen and when it will happen I
want to be here and you wanted to show
us this particular point is there a
reason for that this point in general
there's 800 metre between their first
houses to our 4000 it's a point at which
I love to come because I will you up one
day we can go over this fence and just
enjoy upon each other gales voice of
optimism is rare the IDF in Hamas are
busy rearming already preparing for the
next war even while still dealing with
the fallout from the lab
the humanitarian situation in Gaza
continues to deteriorate and many say
it's worse than it's ever been
Egypt has closed the vital lifeline
while Israel maintains a tight grip on
people and goods entering and exiting
the international community hasn't
delivered on its promises and
Palestinian political parties are beset
by infant meanwhile the people of Gaza
are left to pick up the pieces
you
