it'll at least a montano
Dennis oh yes sir okay so cool the
daughter gets out that's all ready for
you so we're in southeast Turkey on our
way to a small town called disco which
is near the Syrian border and runaway
there because the youth wing of the PKK
the yd th has claimed autonomy there and
have taken over certain Kurdish
neighborhoods by digging trenches and
setting up roadblocks this is cause a
lot of fighting and having gun battles
and three days ago the military shot
dead a fourteen-year-old boy
PKK is a Kurdish resistance movement
fighting the Turkish state for Kurdish
rights since 1984 now in a peace process
with Turkey who classifies the PKK as a
terrorist organization that fighters are
battling the Islamic state on the
frontlines in Iraq and Syria
in the town of jazeera the PKK is youth
wing known as the ydg page have been
recently involved in gun battles with
the security forces and Turkish
Hezbollah in some of the worst fighting
in the area four years after gaining
access to the ydg hate in jazeera vice
news went to meet with them at one of
their many ARMs checkpoints which amande
every night from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. by the
time we got to jazeera at least six
Kurds had already been killed in the
street - to make contact with the WYD
ugh and they said they would lead us to
their neighbourhood the one that they
controlled now as they led us up here as
soon as we got around the corner we saw
maybe 1520 guys with marcin we've seen
at least two pretty big assault rifles
so presumably this is their neighborhood
and it very much looks like they have
the answer controlling
so you're the command with this
checkpoint right can you explain to me
exactly what it is you got to do in here
and the yellow fodder for is it an
educated girl Ivana
I'm liver deliver and look cool on Elena
I'm not wasn't busy chilly
I'm not wasn't this today's shipment
Seabury IKEA as you forget yourself Your
Honor if you show us what it is you do
Hank yeah this minute the first day of
coulombs I could even the first ad shame
advocate very ok now after cool Anna
lehand aggregor not the Conoco this man
lady shame Monica let you wanna dance
naked you wanna cut the lucky why did
you guys start this in the first place
why do you decide to take over the
neighborhood and a running for your
souls hello server desmond hands but in
sonikku ear Krish it is Jeffrey Gianni
in Sonic this food scene it was
pneumonia
well sturgeon nahma yeah i'm fuji cut
pneumonia the bus tickets Maria de
Garcia Nagar le feu de la vara Leo XIII
cuando Hatem Venetia crazy Karen algebra
Nepal Cascadia that you wanna focus key
is what you do here connected to you
know the YPG in Syria and the PKK on the
frontline in kobani um she doesn't like
the hover on the oval and happy gear
Peggy register a video below and I'm the
real Maria where it haves you the person
I knew I become a beacon as you the
cousin you know in the Turkish media
recently they've been saying that your
actions doing things like this are
actually not positive and I disrupting
the peace process what would you say to
that and it gives you division on the
cousins guys you per person you know
joining me at ago she is your birth for
the toys or getchar that's all you can
get Christie
Italy developer okapi developer thick
Lee Jiwon Hakeem sh-sheila Haddad let us
gather if you say birthday question say
this technically this is dog it is your
place I get peru
caught in a Minoan it'll die released a
Minoan
so about to go meet the family of
Whitaker the 14 year old who was shot
dead by Turkish Special Forces just five
days ago ing horrible group in Jeremy
Molly hot Molly reader father till the
yardage mm are also you know anyone at
zcorum a question gue so yes the pin
Modesto Joey Missouri Alvear others
after are some people in the media in
Turkey have been saying that because the
the paramilitaries like the year ago
hush in this area they want if they
didn't have the guns then perhaps the
Special Forces wouldn't be here
I mean what do you think to that anguish
Gary Busey was tetchy division criminal
be after teaching philosophy bartology
a straw rod Kingdom nobody questioned
yet ever see division revision and
linking them on started at women yell at
seeking us behavior sailor the letter
Turkic jealousies that's having the same
obvious overlay you wanna check a
Maharashtra the Saltine Allah did the
limit we just run for before in disguise
old a good name Hollis love a good
evening I deal with the liminal second
issue I was continually yeah we had it
knowledge
just turned up in the neighborhoods
where Emmet Kurt was shot five days ago
and as soon as we got here we saw the
ydg hate good to meet you
what are you doing here can you explain
to me German of tamanna after Jean dr.
Amit Amit Horta I can in dr. Emmet put
dr. holliford apadeshi do the Maharaja
pump blood that you had taught to the
children
the Bukowski Borgia the ballet
I'm closet the smooth neck of a talker
mother to the woodsman cavatappi mother
hvala ma gala brings out the shade
Cavanaugh
this Memphis Lane wasn't dimmer amp is
Lake College pivot I am nobody Desmond
Desmond tataka that the Svalbard Emma so
let's make a target that you were never
a mid-foot a volume a shade with it
Javed ensued wooly but this is really
hard with with the second nothing this
melodia Corki virtual mall aha chuja got
the smell of digi jail Umbreon holiday
gonna shitcan Oh
curricula forget this med what if I get
with a great challenge a value everybody
says you know your Akash is PKK youth is
that true Milotic achieve a voice
Pazhani aunt Angie pakka can evade a
Turkish version terrorists a level I'm
not arresting a mulatto bad person
um what wasn't Ohama zero vote out that
cord Estonia so you take direct orders
from the PKK is that correct our status
we spoke to a commander at a different
checkpoint the other day you said he
felt like almost the Kurds here the year
ago harsh at least win a civil war with
the Turks what do you think - that would
you agree i'ma do a live birth or a
Muslim but they're all beloved husband
solid polymer with the shade get blood
erotica voice Muhammad I'm Finnish Idaho
no lard a Pinochet dahua DG a mirage
keep our servant Desmond I'm finish a de
quoi
no lard a base erosion novel
as night fo the police and the wide ugh
began to fight for control of the
streets you can alternative resource is
sort having decima D so we heard a few
loud bangs and it seemed that the ydg
h-here have been fighting the police in
the city centre and we've heard reports
that the military closed off all exits
from jazeera as well and we've seen our
military a PCS in the streets many but
you know muscular basically we've just
moved towards the front of the fight in
here the year to go harsh seem to be
communicating with each other in the
neighborhood rocks are coming around the
corner firing teargas and these guys are
pulled back here to this makes you throw
but that they built
yo nigga house just hold all the
civilians all the kids together away
there are molotovs everywhere and
they've told us we can go through push
forward so off we go I'll jump in a jack
as the clash is intensified the Y DGH
spread out to the alleyways here they
got closer to the police and special
forces eventually opened fire in our
direction so we were just atop this
alley the police or the military they're
fired live rounds right around here oh
no this guy just comes out with a
handgun runs up to the top of the alley
and just starts firing literally just
after we've had live rounds fired this
way but they claim they were keeping all
of their own streets the next day an
order came directly from jailed PKK
leader Abdullah Ocalan telling the youth
of Jazeera to stand down it responded
immediately stopping all armed activity
in the street the following day
twelve-year-old Neha Kazan was shot dead
a policeman has since been arrested on
suspicion of killing the boy
there's now concerned that the unrest in
deirdre could threaten the peace process
which is so far quelled a war that is
claimed more than 40,000 lives with ydg
hate groups popping up all over the
country and its members primed for war
after the fighting in kobani Turkey
could be heading into more conflict with
its largest minority
