it's Thursday febuary fest and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the chatty and military claims its
troops have killed more than 200 Boko
Haram fighters in recent days as part of
a regional crack down on the militant
group soldiers also reportedly destroyed
dozens of motorbikes and armed vehicles
during intense fighting with the group
in a number of towns in Northeast
Nigeria the African Union has authorized
the force of 7,500 troops from five
member nations to ramp up the fight
against militants Boko Haram has become
Nigeria's biggest obstacle to security
and increasingly a threat to neighboring
countries Mexico deported record high
numbers of Central American women in
children last year under a plan to slow
the flow of migrants trying to reach the
United States according to the interior
ministry more than 24,000 women were
sent home from Mexico in 2014 twice as
many as the year before and around
23,000 kids were deported which is more
than double the 2013 figure the measures
have largely been attributed to pressure
from the White House to avoid a repeat
of last year when President Obama
declared a humanitarian crisis over the
tens of thousands of migrants and wound
up crammed in temporary detention
centers and expedited immigration
proceedings customers at Japan's biggest
Bing will soon be communicating their
requests to a fleet of small and
friendly robots standing barely two feet
tall and weighing about 12 pounds now
can speak 19 languages and is equipped
with a camera he can also analyze facial
expressions and behavior to determine
how customers can be helped a few
branches of bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj
are set to test the robots out in April
before more
the bank is one of several firms
investing in non human resources as the
government tries to come up with
innovative ways to cope with its aging
population and shrinking workforce
persistent drought is raining on
Brazil's most reveled annual parade a
lack of water has forced more than a
dozen cities and towns to scrap all or
part of their upcoming Carnival
festivities the country's worst drought
in decades has caused blackouts
destroyed crop yields and left millions
short of drinking water in some cities
the show will go on but with a few
modifications cities like Rio de Janeiro
which hosts the most famous version of
carnivale plan to forego water-based
displays and use elements like smoke and
light instead check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world look take what to do Thunder
Thunder me to the heart that be sure
that position at pitti sugar Oh cannon
is sadly not about the casket of a harp
lager at old cinder block or a number
taka paisita cardamom ran a severe
attack tomorrow madaxda kak tebya
tonight Shami Shankar Putin accession to
NATO Katrina money amo nectar jogo de de
