rather than yes neither
as well as there being heavy fighting
around the dead bats of a pocket
the DNR forces have been pushing north
from their stronghold in gorlovka which
is just northeast of donetsk this is a
ukrainian front-line position in the
village of Kadima which for the past
week has been under some pretty intense
shelling and we're here to speak to some
of the soldiers to find out what's going
on here Nikodim sure syrup Trekkie
motapod neo creamy battalion chief
emerges is de bundes obscure for
mahaprabhu's Letham when he's go for mow
top two rows new position as a villa the
major practitioner not Yuri to get a lot
of supplies from volunteers da de bajo
de palma heavy voluntario practitioners
in Arad novena busy day by yahushua boy
yes nurse electronica miserable mmm
they built these like so the bunkers
into the the ground that and the
trenches connect them all together this
is one where some of the soldiers sleep
at night and sort of spend some downtime
it's about six or seven beds in here
we've got you've got themselves a little
TV and a wood stove to keep them warm so
that she pretty cozy down here quite
obviously cold and wet upstairs but they
manage to keep it dry but the the roof
is made out of timber and obviously
there's some soil on top of that but I
imagine if this position took a direct
hit this timber wouldn't offer that much
protection Vanya brew school three
chicken accepted machinery hospital VW
novena to catch a moose Elizabeth cook
to anybody's has anybody seen it sure do
you think the sanctions that Europe and
the United States have placed on Russia
is doing enough to stop their
involvement in Ukraine
yeah terrible celebrity
gracias nos victim otaku source a
piranha nice beer a pavilion guy in a
parade Botswana is magnets a rare neuro
Cisco greens cabinet Rabinowitz women
AMA why do you think Russia is backing
the TNR and Jelena litter ship Medusa
bajate Flor de obit not a crab a Postino
virajna core do a simple Rohan Buddhist
Belarus who's in Moldovan chief - most
booty chicken push knives and harass the
crania Vedra super chennai circus now
call it 0 cv not sabahi position
appearing machine same is only Munoz of
the vintner this is the essentially the
front line of this area 15 kilometers in
that direction is the DNR stronghold of
her gorlovka and so what separates that
it's just he's got an open field
how long have you been at this position
and when was it when is the next time
you get to go home musica theory
practitioners your tyranny city Nasik
poses here do you make it boosted Absa
Holly not by bhakti supremo
so driving into the town of Hudgens gets
a Ukrainian control town that sits on
the western edge of the rebel stronghold
of gorlovka since the escalation started
two weeks ago both sides have been
trading artillery fire a number of
civilians have been wounded a number of
buildings and both towns have been
damaged by the shelling we're hoping to
meet some people here to find out just
what's going on in this town and whether
they expect the dnr to try and take it
in the next couple of days so could you
tell me what's been happening in the
town since the fighting started two
weeks ago
what semester yeah no area a horrid
solution in approval makin another
Grozny sipping you intensiveness whiskey
Gianna a padania Schneider Julie Dhamma
resolution eeeh a brief lineal it
rapidly - why have the DNR started
targeting
Jasinski Raza knock Rana not Rana
Zorinsky stay at war zone my silver
Ukraina sat Wisla it would be nice if da
Papa da da da da da news video since is
one of the hospitals and roads in skits
in the Korova district which is very
close to the front line essentially that
separates the Ukrainian forces from the
dnr forces in nearby gorlovka they've
taped up all the windows in here just in
case any of the shells come in and
shatter the windows we can hear the
shellings very very closely
Oh sugarless yo yo yo para las palmas de
gran amoeba nuevo a las vegas sorry
chill about virtue theory a to denies
kisaku pitarrio you tetazoo bottle urine
varieties her a ciabatta
yes turn evasive attraction Mauna Kea
Kea premium procedure Guinea Auto Ze'ev
Elkin cheetah in kimonos Manisha Julie
so this is a house that was hit
yesterday evening in the shelling it's
in a suburb of Hudgens right on the
eastern edge very close to the DNR lines
an old man was killed here yesterday and
another old woman was killed further up
the road yes along da da Shara Newton is
Nemo me me serious neva Lisa new car
give you nicked or Kuroshio Sam is
nearly buttom retorno but it's all you
more charisma
Mattie is totally the opposite II know
what on a stretcher on a stick Neal
please a be about is resolved hello
Polly
Enya hello busca is niala and also
claims key viscosity shared now you have
the Ukrainian authorities in the town
offered to evacuate any of the civilians
in the areas which are being shelled
nicha WA Newton you've done you chew on
your knees loose night in Hawaii Li you
do if the shelling continues will it
will you leave the town Navy Erna
Tolkien is nyam no would you eat
yet novena the Tom explained us muchas
de guitarra series newswise otaku
jibanyan what buti'm was about on our
sofa yet no could I ever give up sure
Anastasia's
jobs yesterday I'm shelling just on the
outskirts edge in school were basically
burying her very quickly because the
shelling has started again sounds quite
close the locals next to where she was
killed was saying the DNR were aiming
their artillery for a Ukrainian
checkpoint but uh as we keep seeing it's
just civilians that get caught in a fire
look Anya so Jessica would see me
towards mother one time gladly show zero
how specific moocher observable is I
should really
the gravedigger is saying that works
here has been a lot more dangerous the
past couple of weeks that the the
cemetery has been hit a number of times
or some shell holes on the other side
here and a shell has landed right next
to a grave here me not even the dead get
any respite from this fighting
