it's thursday january twenty ninth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines a south sudanese militia has
released hundreds of child soldiers as
part of a wider peace agreement with the
government UNICEF which helped negotiate
the deal says nearly 3,000 underage
fighters are to be freed in the coming
weeks over the past year up to 12,000
children have been forced to join rebel
groups to battle government loyalists
fighting erupted in the world's youngest
nation in 2013 after President Salva
Kiir accused his deputy of trying to
stage a coup a former intelligence chief
of the somali militant group al-shabab
has spoken for the first time but why he
chose to surrender last month Zakaria is
made Pepsi says he left because of the
group's distorted implementation of
Islamic law and it's complete disregard
for human rights some analysts have
suggested that he left due to frictions
with fellow members but he argues that
the group is on the brink of total
collapse and that he chose to work with
the government to be on the right side
of history had ceased calling on his
former comrades to follow his lead and
seek a peaceful way out royal dutch
shell has signed an eleven billion
dollar contract to build the Middle East
largest petrochemicals plant in southern
Iraq erock relies on oil production for
more than ninety percent of its revenue
last month the country was able to ramp
up production to levels unseen in 35
years but a slump in global crude prices
is hurting its economy the Nebraskan
plex is expected to be operational in
five or six years government officials
estimate the plant will produce 1.8
million tons of petrochemical products a
year and will help diversify the
country's income residents of the fabled
Malian city of Timbuktu rescued troves
of medieval manuscripts from the threat
of Islamic militants two years ago but
they face an entirely different
challenge to protect them from the
elements in 2012 al-qaida-linked
fighters over ran the country's north
following a military coup they set fire
to a library and research center where
the ancient manuscripts were stored
according to UNESCO about four thousand
were destroyed in the blaze
group of library custodians to
considerable risks to transport 27,000
of the brittle documents to safety in
the capital Bamako but scholars say
humidity and poor storage conditions in
the new location could permanently
damage the manuscripts UN officials are
meeting this week to discuss the future
of the valuable artifacts check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world unplugging DVD
because you are a Congo quite busy team
and a tombola y bougie Sorrentino syrup
yummy zulema ability reply Co Co Co a
plot Ashanti sake r ich10 al agua de
true giddy as a giten gazo
