good news young he'll be writing to
jumuchi keiki unplugging DJ energy
because you are a kanga quite fittingly
tombola imposition banal from well miss
your mom
Shanthi leta fo is on trafficking since
early 2013 the Central African Republic
has been torn apart by sectarian
conflict in March of 2013 the Celica a
mostly Muslim coalition of rebels
overthrew a corrupt government they
swept across the majority Christian
country bringing it close to an ER
mostly Christian fighting group known as
the anti-balaka started fighting back in
December 2013 vice news was there to
witness a major turning point in the
conflict anti-balaka attacked Muslim
civilians for their perceived support of
the Celica thousands of Muslims fled
the Central African Republic is located
right in the heart of Africa and it's
one of the poorest countries in the
world but it's rich in natural resources
including gold and diamonds and many
want to stake in it vice news travel to
the mines in the heart of the country to
see how the fight over natural resources
is playing out in one of the world's
most volatile conflicts
we're on the road to bow down it's where
a lot of the diamond mines are located
about six hours from the capital home
in the west of the Central African
Republic anti-balaka have taken control
of many of the key gold and diamond rich
areas nearly all of the Muslims have
been forced out but Christians remain
Yami's Ilima over 10a a pop lazio coppa
a plat Ashanti Sakai rich terrile agua
la de dee deee daaah zaggy Tonga so due
to the conflict the official mining
industry has collapsed but a lot of the
gold and diamonds are still smuggled out
from across the country and according to
the United Nations
both silica and the anti-balaka militias
are taking a cut it's it's being played
out as an internal political problem at
the end of the day it's actually just in
my opinion just control over Gold Fields
and concessions there is serious money
to be made in this country and that has
to be seen as one of the key drivers so
where did that money go I think it goes
where it went when was easy was
president when si was president before
him it goes into the pockets it's
certainly where it doesn't go as it
certainly doesn't benefit the people of
the Central African Republic
fighting over mines has created
religious tensions where there were none
before prior to the conflict many mines
were controlled by Muslim traders these
merchants have either fled or they're
being blocked from working in the mines
i'ma do youma is bodas head Imam he
explained to us how the fighting his
impact of the Muslim community well I
did jumuchi geeky I'm fluffy DJ energy
he because you are a kanga quite fit
eating a little moolah
ug7 benefit up it'd be difficult eating
cocoa break it not a cop if I double the
Peter Campbell Andy I can a mulatto
people you know constantly I will
commune historically we have seen
Muslims being involved with a lot of the
mining so there were the middlemen they
they have extensive trade networks in
central Africa and in West Africa and
now we've seen with the rise of the
anti-balaka which is mainly a Christian
movement have literally kicked out I
think more than 90 percent of the
Muslims voters Muslims say they've
coexisted with others in this region for
more than a century now they say they'll
be killed if they leave their
neighborhood
many have horrific stories of being
attacked Yusef o Musa was captured by
anti-balaka with his brother he managed
to escape his friend told us the story
Humber's in-law
here is your to something
Travie element DM Nami voila laser
in montr√©al a junkie off a set of a
season son Cesar Faison
pilatus Gilliland toroidal Alondra
building six eggs or a lovely holiday
with no the animation so ago Sinatra
easy device maybe it alone and a ischium
answer a Silicon Valley realistic
in the center of boda is a no-man's land
that divides Muslim and Christian
neighborhoods it used to be the town
central market but all of the shops have
been destroyed in the fighting between
both sides at dusk kids from the Muslim
side come out into the streets and what
looks like an effort to instigate a
fight with the other side the new Islam
healthy neppy tubular battle irritable
Mariana bobbies and Ali Baba right okay
Bobby initially pretty appreciative
public mm-hmm wanna publish a new
project new saloons or member of another
many in the Christian neighborhood say
they've been attacked to botas
Christians used to work with Muslims
together in the nearby diamond mines
now the Christians have taken total
control over these areas who shot you by
Drupada is on trafficking when is your
mom shantia lolita your phone this is us
on traffic in Abuja they're in
Minamisoma miss mcfinnegan see the
feather park the casket become is no
games over the truth can bear poop a
possession empire mismo
yo prepare Lorraine Demi's emo mask a
motion epidermis Medusa sake
run away to the diamond mines outside of
voda it takes about an hour and a half
on these motorcycle taxis to get there
this part of the Central African
Republic is really really underdeveloped
it's all there is there are no roads in
sight anywhere near here before the
recent fighting 70% of the country's
population lived below the poverty line
according to the United Nations that
number has now dramatically increased
some are left to rely on traditional
foods
like termites and sparrows to feed their
families The Situation's so bad access
to mines has become even more essential
to evacuate a Monica tried on a timer
like chief organic on the moon we go
Department of insane HT Prasad beaucoup
put it G spot that I'm by me if
it knots a property for me and let me go
see the show continue do you Ramiz army
undeveloped economies are Apollinaris
arezzo a Lebanon G g-sharp Anala
detective - Ronnie
fu cha Mon Ami Qin Allah Allah Allah
another Ilah binax on duty
no put them up when we Penelope what a
joke over
me today
they proceeded to be disaster Sonny mr.
Roubini eaten a zoo so lovato ghee John
Madden Solomon been turning up and said
I'm not working even when I'm letting
Jupiter Guinea they cannot touch me
matter papa before the conflict the sale
of gold and diamonds was a key source of
revenue for the government but in 2013
Central African Republic was kicked out
of the Kimberley Process the
international agreement that tries to
prevent the sale of blood diamonds so
the country can no longer legally export
them
in September of 2014 the African Union's
peacekeeping mission here ended and a
new United Nations led mission was
launched their job is to protect
civilians and support the interim
government under the presidency of
Catherine Samba Panza peacekeeping
officials say a top priority of the UN
mission is to reclaim control over the
mines so the government has access to
cash well we're dealing with a
government that's extremely poor that is
that can't pay civil servants can't do
infrastructure development can't invest
in hospitals and schools and rebuild the
country mining activities used to
account for roughly 40 percent of
revenue for the state and it is a
crucial sector to get restarted and to
get cleaned up so we have some
legitimate finance coming into the
country the Central African Republic
lies in a fragile state the minerals
under its soil could be a source for
peace or war without finding a stable
way to extract them the fight over
Natural Resources will continue to fan
the flames of conflict
