it's Tuesday January 27th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Russian forces have raided the
headquarters of an independent
television channel run by the crimean
tatar minority early on Monday morning
russian law enforcement officials
entered the offices of ATR in the city
of Simferopol they seized equipment
including servers of archival footage
showing a February 2014 demonstration
against Russia's annexation of Crimea
which the Muslim minority group has
vehemently denounced activists and
rights groups say members of the tatar
community have faced discrimination
intimidation and torture for their
opposition to the Kremlin's expansionist
plans an egyptian doctor has been
convicted of the manslaughter of a girl
who died in 2013 following a botched
female genital mutilation procedure last
November dr. Ruslan favi was cleared of
charges relating to the death of 13 year
old so heading vodka prosecutors
appealed the verdict and on Monday a
court in the Nile Delta city of mong
Sudha sentenced him to more than two
years in prison his clinic was also
ordered to shut down for a year
the country banned FGM in 2008 but the
practice is still widely performed the
United Kingdom has launched a public
inquiry into the 2006 poisoning death of
a Russian spy turned Kremlin critic
Alexander Litvinenko died of radiation
poisoning three weeks after drinking tea
with two Russian men at a London hotel
from his deathbed he accused Russian
President Vladimir Putin of ordering his
murder that's a charge Moscow has always
denied the lawyer representing
Litvinenko's family has disclosed that
the 43 year old had worked for mi6 for
several years and that he investigated
Russian mafia activities for the Spanish
security services the judge'll leading
the inquiry says the aim is to determine
once and for all if Russia is to blame
for his death
four three two one
liftoff of a group of water fleas is
headed to the International Space
Station this type of tiny crustacean is
known as Daphnia for one month
scientists of the University of
Birmingham will monitor the creatures
daily for signs of stress biologists
often use Daphnia as a model organism
for biomedical research by analyzing
their breeding and swimming patterns the
team hopes to learn more about how
humans might react under the same
conditions the experiment is the
brainchild of young students in Wales
who won a contest run by the
International Space Station trust and
mission discovery
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
