it's Wednesday January 21st and here's
some revenues beyond the headlines
Turkish authorities have arrested nearly
two dozen people in four provinces as
part of an ongoing crackdown on
government opponents the 23 people
detained are accused of involvement in
illegal wiretapping that is targeted
president roject I a bird awan Prime
Minister Ahmed Davutoglu the head of the
armed forces and other top officials in
2013 wiretapped conversations leaked
online implicating the inner circle of
then Prime Minister erdowan in a
corruption scandal the government has
blamed supporters of us-based cleric at
school ugh Gulen a former air21 ally
cuts bruises and broken limbs dozens of
asylum seekers living in the French port
city of Calais have accused police of
violence a report by Human Rights Watch
details charges of beatings and
excessive force including the use of
pepper spray on children French police
say they're unaware of any allegations
thousands of illegal immigrants who have
swarmed into Caillat over the past year
live in cramped and squalid camps many
have clashed with police in attempts to
sneak into Lori's to cross the English
Channel and settle in the UK Italian
police busted a mafia drug ring in Rome
on Tuesday and seized more than 1,300
pounds of coke and hash the ring was led
by members of the kalabrian in brown
guetta crime syndicate which has grown
into one of Europe's top cocaine
importers 26 people were arrested in
raids across Italy and Spain Italy's
political and economic crises have given
mobsters free rein to use legitimate
businesses to launder their criminal
proceeds the enduring gotta hails from
the country south but investigators say
its members have turned the capital into
a strategic base beauty is the main big
one article see india is making progress
in protecting the world's endangered
tiger population the country hosted 2226
Tigers in 2014 that's about a third more
than it did four years ago the Indian
government attributes the increase to
its efforts to streamline conservation
the World Wildlife Fund reports the
global tiger population has dropped
ninety-seven percent over the last
century the animals are vulnerable to
extinction because of poaching killing
and habitat loss check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world they started using CS liquid
the policeman saying no matter how bowel
is there the government still back there
Oh
