it's tuesday january twentieth and hear
some of the news beyond the headlines
Chinese security forces are cracking
down on illegal border crossings who aim
to take part in jihad abroad officials
have arrested 852 suspects who have
tried to cross illegally since the
beginning of last year in many instances
firefights erupted when security
officials moved in to make arrests
recent investigation showed that most of
the suspects had been radicalized by
religious extremists and were being
smuggled out of the country the suspects
pay traffickers thousands of yuan to be
smuggled out of the country Chinese
authorities reported that the group's
consisted of ex-convicts meant to carry
out the terrorist acts and pregnant
women and children that would be used as
cover if the group was caught police
used extraordinary force to break up a
rally outside with primary school in
Nairobi kenyan police tear gas to
protests composed largely of children
demonstrating against the removal of
their school's playground the playground
has allegedly been purchased by a
powerful politician who is planning on
turning it into a parking lot for his
hotel next door the children were
between the ages of 6 and 13 and were
standing at the front line of the rally
when a tear gas canister was thrown into
the crowd six days of severe fuel
shortages have brought parts of Punjab
province to a halt cars lined the
streets and drivers waited hours for gas
to arrive at their local stations the
shortages caused Pakistan's prime
minister nawaz sharif to hold emergency
meetings monday and sack a number of
high-ranking officials blamed for
mismanaging the situation sharif also
ordered investigations into state
regulatory agencies and private oil
companies operating inside of Pakistan
a start-up in Argentina has developed a
prosthetic arm that costs half the price
of other currently available devices the
bionic arm is built by bio parks health
technology and works by connecting small
sensors directly onto the skin those
sensors detect muscular contractions and
with practice can give a patient a high
level of motor control the bionic
skeleton has a flexible claw-like hand
consisting of a thumb index and middle
finger similar device is already on the
market cost around $50,000 about double
what bio parks arm runs for the company
hopes that the low price will encourage
insurance companies to include it in
their coverage check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world just ha omni the d Placido
bonita super competitive c'est la jolla
social conditioning amanha vc sai ask
ivana day on parfaite ammonia vehicle
and democracy taylor & v
