it's Monday January 19th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Ukrainian government forces fought to
retake control of Donetsk Airport from
pro-russia rebels over the weekend the
Ukrainian army spokesman said that
troops had retaken almost all of the
surrounding territory which had been
lost the separatists in recent weeks the
military claims that because the
operation returned the battle lines to
the previous status quo it didn't
violate the peace agreement signed in
September the World Health Organization
estimates that more than 4,800 people
have been killed in the nine-month old
conflict not many places in the world
will build six Metro lines at one time
this is truly one of those rare moments
and it is truly an engineering challenge
Riyadh's ambitious 22 billion-dollar
metro system is running ahead of
schedule and could be completed before
its 2018 deadline the Saudi government
is also building several other rail
systems including a 1700 mile line
running from Riyadh to near the northern
border with Jordan
officials say the capital city's
infrastructure upgrade will help
diversify the Saudi economy beyond oil
and insulate it from future price
fluctuations the chatty and government
is sending a large military contingent
to fight against the extremist group
Boko Haram in neighboring Cameroon the
deployment comes after Cameroonian
president paul biya called for military
support to combat the group which has
seized swathes of northern Nigeria and
is threatening its neighbours to the
northeast hundreds marched in Chad
capital and Jimena to show support for
the deployment and condemn the group's
raising of villages and slaughter of
civilians across northern Nigeria West
African leaders announced they would be
seeking authority from the African Union
next week to create a multinational
forest to fight the extremist group
wanna snack just press print a Spanish
startup has developed the first 3d
printer for any kind of food 3d food
printer are not just a fad we believe
it's going to become a common kitchen
appliance that you will find in all
kitchens both professional and home
kitchen users similar to how you see a
microwave or an oven in today's kitchen
the foodini is able to print out foods
based on the ingredients inside its
capsules once the capsules are loaded a
user can select from a built in menu or
can download new recipes off the
internet there have been a handful of
food printers on the market but they
mostly use chocolate or sugar to print
out sweets the foodini will launch mass
production in the second half of this
year
and will sell for about $1,300 check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world I can't give a
name of who did it I can't give you a
name of the person the reader can decide
whether it was murder or not I say it
was murder this is the reason why I
can't name names so I don't I keep it
vague at the end for that reason
