why did you decide to independently
investigate the death of these three
detainees well from what I witnessed I
knew the government's story was wrong
the government says that the three
detainees died all three hung themselves
in their cells when actually they would
have all three had to tie their hands
and feet together by themselves shoved
rags down their throats put a mask over
their face made a noose hung it from the
ceiling where the side of the cellblock
jumped into the noose and hung
themselves simultaneously and a
cellblock where the guards are ordered
to check on the detainees every three
minutes have you considered that maybe
there was just a complete breakdown on
the cell blocks that the guards were
we're just not following their standard
operating procedures that would have
been hard to believe because a few hours
before at 4:00 o'clock they did a cell
block inspection and they found nothing
in the cell block for detainees to hang
themselves with so between four and six
they would have had to take correctional
sheets which are extremely hard to tear
make nooses and rags out of them within
a few hours with no one seeing them do
this it's it's impossible it's
impossible for this to have happened why
haven't any other guards come forward
about this particular incident these
three deaths these alleged suicides
while they scare you when you get there
they tell you you can't you can never
talk about this this is a you know this
is a classified facility you can never
speak out and you know everyone's afraid
they're gonna get in trouble so if these
detainees weren't fact cleared for
release why them why were they chosen
the one thing that really puts a
hindrance on on operations a JTF Gitmo
the
man his hunger strikes they had a policy
that if a detainee is hunger-striking
he cannot be interrogated in 2006 when I
was there they were doing roughly 200
interrogation a week on detainees so any
massive hunger strike would what they
consider crippled the intelligence value
of what they're supposed to be getting
these three were constant hunger
strikers they were people that provoked
hunger strikes with other detainees as
well and I believe that that was the
number one mission for JTF given time
was stopped the hunger strikes at all
cost
