you see so like that you know the people
exist that they may allah azzawajal ma
we send vice news correspondent p.m.
wretch code to Burkina Faso during a
huge demonstration against the regime of
President Blaise comparing we quickly
found ourselves in the middle of a
revolution that led to the overthrow of
compare a who had been in power for 27
years
damn what a pleasant and nice huge out
there oh that's is a plethora of every
student you know the bomber also
president less control away who Jordan
is for supplies the opposition police in
bikini Bay organism aunty Bodine on
silicosis castle voilá me this clear
lacunae Judah and each other I darkest
in all selling support let me shave this
up half of Burkina Faso's 17 million
inhabitants live on less than a dollar a
day this former French colony in West
Africa has few natural resources no oil
and no access to the sea for decades has
been surviving only thanks to
international aid from the IMF and the
World Bank in 1987 Blaise compare a came
to power after a coup that led to the
assassination of President Thomas
Sankara a former soldier and Marxist
revolutionary often called the African
Che Guevara ever since Blaise Compaore a
has been reelected with a suspiciously
high percentage of the vote compared a
has been likened to some of the worst
dictators on the continent
mrs. Pontellier on Aaronson Sevilla
selectmen Alice only national Latino
security paramilitary police drama free
Valley virtual on the am PK shri mataji
movement helios a diva mas la police
Nationale kiyosaki you can wallow the
manifestos one put through all Montana
collection mr. Flair or not intrusive
Calchas expose you
the manifesto santander very catalytic
minerality national of actually performs
if you were like 11 us what I consider
to terrace 100 Bally party manifesto le
Saracens for the teacher if general
gastly early manifesto system Explorer
is discussed on October 30 compare
Astaire PT's prepared to pass a law that
would theoretically enable him to stay
in power for life for the burka nabe the
idea of seeing blaze compare a run for a
fifth term was a step too far
what up
don't talk on cell phone failure
Oh
Thunder moments after I skip the
bathroom alone Geralt that's a director
move the manifesto Gary
this whole Thunder do can I sit on
patrol with only two sources objection
to the position working a bit the
periods of management and I really
manifest also wanted something as your
honor
it's unreal ever secrets are a little
too suave elicit that person is a zero
see you at the deposition sir sheriff
yellow message okay when I see one no
beside the font specimens only from
Lucas well ah ha ha ha protein zafir
aunty abre is a former manager of the
French nuclear group Arriva he's also
compared Ray's former Minister of
Finance and now the leader of the
Opposition I want you to look at an
arson homicide the first deputies came
to celebrate the storming of Parliament
by the people Benna when days Sankara is
the Marxist Leninist leader of the
Sankara smooth
he hopes to replace compare a in cozia
the presidential palace
NOS omnes una lightly take alpha alpha e
Mira sac da Mousa won't lose you too
ladies positio Cervantes vive en la
rivière question sharecompat Rio Purdue
Burkina Faso
yeah orichalcos esta no question
política beg easy retrieval SM
problogger seller portal modification
Latika transit lab station de president
lays company a toot initiative to
shatter a constitution trapillo le shows
on dramatic MA Evelyn defamation kilo
partying from Atari cerca de diciendo
more Jones territoire dr. capital LP
first a set s collab Barba location
politic this is solid Alma you know the
people exist at the initial appearance
of wisdom
well
this is divorce Ondina sooner do this so
to avert cement acerola it isn't like
mr. t stroke by the end of the day it
was total chaos
and Parliament was in disarray the
presidential guard had shot into the
crowd and there had been dozens of
deaths
the following morning blaze compared a
resigned we later found out that the
French special forces had helped him
flee the country the people managed to
oust the president in only two days
after compare a fled the buildings that
came to symbolize his rule became
tourist attractions including the house
of his hated brother Francois Campari
following two weeks of intense
negotiations between political and
military leaders the committee in charge
of the transfer of power
announced it had chosen Michelle calf
Ando as the country's interim president
CAF Ando a retired diplomat will serve
as the transitional leader until
November 2015 when elections will
determine the new president of Burkina
Faso
