there's the January fifteenth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
for people including a child are dead
and more than two dozen others injured
after anti-government protesters
firebombed a bus outside Bangladesh is
capital a new wave of violence broke out
10 days ago on the first anniversary of
a disputed election that secured a
second term for the ruling party police
announced a ban on demonstrations in
anticipation of the unrest the
opposition Bangladesh National Party has
called on supporters to block roads to
demand new elections on Tuesday
opposition leader and former foreign
minister riaz raman survived an
assassination attempt which the BNP
claims was an act of intimidation by the
government tanzania has banned which
doctors to curb the killing of albino
people for their body parts the UN
reports at least 74 Tanzania and albino
people have been abducted and murdered
over the last 15 years which doctors
believe their body parts bring wealth
and good fortune the government began
placing albino children and protective
shelters following a surgeon murders
five years ago albinism affects 1 in
1,400 people in Tanzania and only one in
20,000 in the West the East African
nation has only convicted 10 people for
albino murders more than 40 Chinese
citizens are being held by authorities
for expressing support for Hong Kong's
pro-democracy movement that's according
to researchers that Chinese human rights
defenders a disabled man and his
eight-year-old daughter are among the 42
people in custody some of whom have
allegedly been tortured while some were
arrested holding posters or banners at
solidarity events others were detained
for photos posted on their social media
accounts most have been charged with
creating a disturbance which carries a
penalty of up to 10 years in prison
italy's longest-serving president
stepped down on landscape leaving the
Prime Minister without a critical Ally
to push political and economic reforms
Giorgio Napolitano was keen to retire
citing the strains of old age in his
resignation letter two years ago he
reluctantly agreed to a second term only
because lawmakers couldn't pick a
successor the 89 year old is hailed for
steering Italy through turbulent times
notably economic troubles that nearly
caused a debt default in 2011 Parliament
is due to begin the process of choosing
his replacement in the next two weeks
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world as
conditions in Russia deteriorate the
Putin regime will become increasingly
repressive it's high time for the
members of the European Union to wake up
and behave as countries indirectly at
war
you
