it's Tuesday January thirteenth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines an Egyptian Court has
acquitted 26 men arrested last month in
a raid on a Cairo public bathhouse the
case illustrates the government's
ongoing witch hunt members of the gay
community on december seven a
pro-government TV station aired a video
showing half-naked men being dragged out
of the bath house a local reporter has
admitted to tipping off police about
what she described as a den of mass
perversion spreading aids in egypt on
monday the group was cleared of charges
that varied from dvori to perform an
indecent public act the acquittal comes
less than a month after appeals court
reduced prison sentences for eight men
convicted for appearing in an alleged
gay wedding video a young raw hingle
woman has suffocated to death while
being trafficked through seventh island
on sunday authorities found nearly a
hundred migrants of Myanmar's muslim
minority group inside five delivery
trucks all but thirty of them were under
the age of 18 two of the drivers were
arrested on charges of human trafficking
thousands of Ranga who have fled
violence and persecution Myanmar's
joaquin state have fallen into the hands
of smugglers scores never make it to
their intended destinations a senior
Ugandan rebel leader who was captured
last week in the Central African
Republic is calling on his comrades to
lay down their arms in an audio
recording aired on Ugandan television
Dominic on when there was a senior
commander in the Lord's Resistance Ali
said president you areum 07 ii had
forgiven him on when is wanted by the
ICC for crimes against humanity Ugandan
authorities say he's being held by US
forces helping African nations fight the
LRA buganda often airs messages from
former rebel fighters to encourage
defection the rebel group is accused of
killing thousands and kidnapping
children to use as fighters and sex
slave
a storm has dumped snow across parts of
Saudi Arabia but there's a cap or how
much fun can be had in this rare winter
wonderland a prominent Muslim scholar
has issued a fatwa or religious order
against the building of snowmen
according to sheikh mohammed saleh al
Majid constructing idols in the likeness
of humans or animals is considered
sinful in Islam if the object
represented is lifeless and doesn't have
a soul the cleric says it's fair game
the edict sparked immediate controversy
online the Saudi government has yet to
comment on the hordes of children
saddened by the fatwa check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries around the
world bosco especi exact mo special
africa kuba yo espero que cosa bagra
burrito Co upanisad agenda maternity
guru Pathik CP three dimensional portals
in hipparcos a cell renewal septum as
you see the gap atiyeh be prepared if
not baby puppy
Oh
