it's Tuesday December 38 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
Peruvian government has evacuated the
residents of two Amazonian villages in
the country southeast following an
attack by an indigenous tribe last week
around two hundred men armed with bows
and arrows rated monta salvado and took
machetes rope blankets and food
officials say they were members of the
mash copito tribe which has long lived
in voluntary isolation near the
Brazilian border no one was injured in
the attack but authorities were wary the
tribe might return so they moved around
60 people to the provincial capital
puerto maldonado the UN will now be able
to deliver critical food aid to
thousands of displaced South Sudanese
civilians after an agreement taupe in a
row on the Nile River Sudan's border was
closed after the South declared
independence in 2011 bringing the
transport of humanitarian supplies to
the Nile to a grinding halt the world
food program says river shipping is far
more cost-effective than air drops which
can cost up to seven times as much the
initial delivery will provide food to
about 28,000 people in the towns of rank
in white akona over the next month
wildlife experts are trying to determine
why dozens of rare seals have died on
England's beaches for now they're
unclear why more than forty grey seals
have been washed ashore in Cornwall over
the last two months but because most of
them were breeding adults fewer will be
born in the coming months of the 350,000
grey seals living in the wild about half
of them live around the shores of the UK
thousands of Afghans who have fled the
Taliban face a harsh winter and
makeshift camps in the capital the
militant group has returned to a number
of areas previously cleared by foreign
troops on the outskirts of kabul
hundreds of families huddle in flimsy
tents and mud shelters burning garbage
to try and keep warm as temperatures dip
below freezing restoring security won't
be simple for Afghan forces on Sunday
NATO formally ended its combat
operations in the country and a day
later the Taliban released a statement
declaring the defeat of the US and its
allies
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Windham English romantica shaft at the
mob ovens off to Hetson retina any
problem it's yoga campus party tun Dr
penguin is more elegant suit or
especially on Islam i wove a problem is
wolf hunting unharmed
