it's Monday this number 29 and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the Indian government is considering new
measures to tackle a recent spate of
acid attacks on women a web-based
application will be used to ensure only
authorized individuals are able to buy
acid in July 2013 the Supreme Court gave
States a three-month deadline to enforce
restrictions on sales but activists say
it's still easy and inexpensive to
purchase acid attacks have long plagued
India often targeting women in public
places as a form of revenge Hamas the
Islamic group that controls the Gaza
Strip has been dozens of Palestinian
children from traveling to Israel on a
rare goodwill visit the 37 kids lost
their parents this summer in the war
with israel israeli activists had
secured permission from the military to
allow them to cross the border with a
group of five adults for a week-long
tour of the country and the occupied
West Bank but Hamas officials cited the
itinerary as suspicious and put a stop
to it heavy snowfall in ice turn the
holiday weekend into chaos and misery in
the French Alps up to 15,000 people
spent Saturday night in their cars or in
temporary shelters at least one man was
killed after his vehicle slipped into a
ravine conditions improved on Sunday but
thousands of cars remained stranded and
unable to move to and from the area's
ski resorts
it's been a year since three journalists
the Al Jazeera media network were
arrested and imprisoned in Egypt on
December 29 2013 Egyptian authorities
arrested australian national peter
aggressive egyptian canadian mohamed
fahmy an Egyptian mohammed bhai the
three were accused of defaming the
country and providing a platform for the
Muslim Brotherhood the Islamist group
that came to power after Egypt's 2011
uprising the case has sparked
international outrage the men are
currently serving seven to ten years
each on terrorism-related charges the
network maintains their innocence check
out the most news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world dia
y SI no la poli frente de noblesse
mcwebb much
yeah except possibly confessing his
doctor karadur your issues you're
driving
