it's Friday December 26th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Dominican border authorities are beefing
up security to ensure Haitians fleeing
political turmoil don't pour over the
border Haiti appointed a new prime
minister on Sunday to calm growing
unrest over long delayed elections
protesters are still demanding the
resignation of president Michel Martelly
Hades Parliament will be dissolved if
elections aren't held before January
12th leaving the poorest country in the
Western Hemisphere without a functioning
government until presidential elections
are held later in the year after getting
diagnosed with a fatal lung disease a
group of villagers in eastern India is
suing a company that abandoned and
asbestos mine 30 years ago 17 people
living in the RORO Hills were diagnosed
with asbestosis in 2012 one has since
died now the remaining villagers are
demanding the cleanup of nearly 700,000
tons of debris as well as compensation
and a fund for future victims asbestos
is widely used in India as a chief
building material if the villagers win
their case it would set a precedent for
workplace safety and corporate liability
both of which are largely ignored in the
country the UN says new evidence shows
nearly 300 ancient sites in Syria have
been destroyed damaged or looted in the
ongoing civil war these amounts to
raising from our collective human memory
entire portions of our cultural history
a report released by the UN's research
and training arm unis at details the
impact on prehistoric settlements
ancient markets world-famous mosques and
Crusader castles among them Syria's
second largest city Aleppo which dates
back 7,000 years and has been
obliterated by fighting between
government and rebel forces the
Indonesian government is spending
hundreds of millions of dollars to try
and save the capital Jakarta from
sinking over the last three decades the
city has sunk 13 feet today 40 percent
of Jakarta sits below sea level
yearly flooding is forcing low-lying
communities out of there
homes now with the help of the Dutch the
government has begun building a giant
seawall to bolster coastal defences and
renovate the crumbling canal system
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Himanshu an akuna army a spear and a
memento is just a neutral oriented
Nimrod Lorien in Tehran
