most of the victims of the recent wave
of murder dismemberments and kidnappings
in Colombia's port town of when Evan
Duda our young men and women but it's
the parents and especially the mothers
of these victims who have endured the
burden of the situation we visited a
group of mothers whose sons and
daughters lives have been cut short by
the violence many of the victims bodies
haven't even been found instead of Adam
neyo me pahila watch avec une tasse
color amarillo y el otro dia NOS in 4
mar un que el turo lagann encontrado por
la carretera VA pero ya know delmonico
no supe mama nada o algo como como un
sueño no duerme SP ayrton a momento y
hasta la tren on her uncle Owen tesnem
brado klavian encerrado krna de entregar
me lo como los otro via pero pues no
todavia la la justicia no sabe quien
sera la persona que algun dia y un
descanso de encontrar so zealous credo
for Allah / dear they gather under the
name women weaving voices for the
disappeared a small organization meant
to remember the victims of gang violence
in Buenaventura Zonama akima hey si el
le yo le dije lo que up Susie deported
estaba en tu so que dicen que la casona
coloma to I a yellow matado from being
as part of their activities the mothers
organized sit-in protests in one of one
avenue des busiest avenues bringing with
them a photo collection of victims to
create awareness around the issue but
ever since the rise in violence earlier
this year the group had deposits
activities due to the fear caused by
criminal groups no te Moana esperemos
que pasa esta temporada no de violencia
vamos a ver SI non rev animo de nuevo
pero no se que dia cuando y en que más
el s mijo es que deseo que alguien de yo
me llamo me diga de hasta ahora ya know
came a su hijo potato no porque se la
esperanza qu no todavia tiene como madre
como familiar
