of animal DNA minatomirai WT should
Hotel flora can you make that a solid a
shingle I'm a magician if I'm either via
honest I'm a second of idea what the
whanau tahi with Fernando by a housefly
area this into this was very severe
injuries
what do you think would happen to them
if they came back and people found out
they were in Israel there may be killed
we're here in the Galilee in Israel
we're on our way to a hospital and the
interesting thing about this hospital is
that they're actually treating
casualties from the war in Syria on this
side of the border and that's pretty
unprecedented because you wouldn't
expect people from Syria a sworn enemy
of Israel to want to come here to get
medical treatment but the Israelis have
opened their borders and they've
actually allowed quite a few people to
get treatment so hopefully we're gonna
get to meet some of them dr. Amer
Hussein oversees the efforts to treat
Syrians here at the ZIF Medical Center
is it dangerous for them to try to come
here to seek treatment
yes it's very dangerous because that
isn't the one people come to Israel what
do you think would happen to them if
they came back and people found out they
were in Israel they may be killed but I
understand that some of your patients
are actually fighters from the various
factions at the bus the first you want
to see also the emergency sure they've
actually treated 420 Syrians in this
hospital alone but they've treated a
thousand three hundred overall since the
start of the conflict in Syria here in
Israel almost all have been men so it's
not a stretch to assume that many are
fighters we were curious if any belong
to the al-qaida affiliated rebel group
Chapa al-nusra that now controls the
other side of the border but dr. Hussain
tells us this would be impossible the
army here changed the policy and don't
bring again fact there's only only
civilian people and the first time yes
there was fighters again a soldier for
the revolution but after no fighters
only civilian people
you can see children's we can see where
old people smoke five different day I
noticed in your statistics that 90% of
the people you treat here are men are
you sure no no no none of them are
fighters this question clearly made the
doctor uncomfortable maybe justifiably
so
the Israeli public might not be too keen
on the fact that Israeli doctors are
helping fighters who hate Israel only a
bit less than they hate the Syrian
regime in Syria's Civil War today more
than a thousand factions are fighting
each other and the regime for control of
the country to date more than 190,000
have died in the conflict and even the
tallest fences can't stop ripples
crossing the borders have you ever seen
casualties like this in your experience
no no but I mean you treat soldiers from
either each other from the Lebanon
- yeah from the rockets of this Bala yes
but like this injury is very severe
injuries
this patient is a recent arrival no one
knows much about him because he's been
unconscious since he got here he says
vascular injuries abdominal fracture of
the bone lodged thoughts we think caused
his injuries
I teach more blast injuries and so he
hasn't been able to say anything since
he got here he doesn't even know he's in
Israel we head into another room where
three wounded Syrian fighters have been
convalescing since July to quickly
covered their faces with blankets but we
could see the characteristic long hair
of Islamist fighters outside an IDF
soldier remains on guard 24 hours a day
one of the three agreed to talk to us 25
year-old Mohammed who says he's a
fighter for the Free Syrian Army a
collection of western-backed rebel
groups that may be valid for O'Hanlon
shufai and Eva fears over to remove
yourself in Chennai listen SMS personal
attack Kenneth P a banana
bomb fear geez
well of Manhattan admit failure there he
said rebels work through a neutral
intermediary to deliver him to IDF
soldiers uh-huh well Sun up say yon
Island mcafee initiation with the
Canadian working people find out that
you've been to Israel do you think they
might suspect you of being a spy or
something ha
Oh gentlemen Minato Tokyo - al-haj I am
NOT the Kaurava a little bit that our
feel of me at all
can you make the decision element is me
by me the viewer who under my second of
idea what one mouthful
nobody has fire don't tell how are you
I'm sorry feature had put honestly Danny
I mean environment mother and it got a
lot of my Sava mocha renewed for a
destroy I'm Nadia aw mr. hypocrite or
kinda destroyed when your treatment is
finished do you hope to go back to fight
against Assad again I wanna end the
haughtiness of our village Laird even
better conserve a leash way okay oh yeah
the son of you thought I might go poison
I can
who are you fighting when you got
injured was a jabhat al-nusrah or was it
the army no I just wish there were two
Musleh anymore I think asourian the
worst Lannister machine jabber to move
on again
oh I never saw him again and he tell
about the mushy I could be in a smoking
and how come hi any Islamia
you should tell father Michigan any
matter darlin adopted out he had have in
Navarre for cutlery
that was a big one
beautiful scenery yeah it's a weird
juxtaposition being over here so close
to it and you know pretending that
you're just on a nature trail you know
some tourists can because of that you
get like people that want to see that
you don't have a lot of spots where you
can be like observers from the side to
drink coffee to sit by and see like a
war zone
