it's Thursday December eighteenth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines villagers in western
Tajikistan are feeling the pinch of
Russia's currency woes as a result of
Western sanctions and a drop in oil
prices the ruble has lost fifty percent
of its value this year and a fifteen
percent interest rate hike from Russia
central bank hasn't helped save it from
rapid decline tajik villagers are among
Moscow's massive migrant worker
population and because there's less work
there's less money to send home which
means small poverty-stricken communities
are having an even harder time making
ends meet a Kurdish teen was shot dead
in clashes with police in southeast
Turkey on Tuesday authorities say a
group of teenagers linked to the
Kurdistan Workers Party or PKK through
explosives and fired rifles at police in
the mainly critter city of dr Bakr
prompting retaliation the incident is
one of many that have highlighted the
delicate nature of the ongoing peace
process between the government in the
PKK whose fighters have sought an
autonomous region in the southeast for
three decades parents rejoice the kids
aren't drinking or smoking cigarettes
and weed as much as they used to that's
the main takeaway of a survey of 40,000
students carried out by the University
of Michigan and the National Institutes
on Drug Abuse according to the study
forty percent of high school seniors
drink compared to fifty-five percent in
1992 and only seven percent of them are
cigarette smokers compared to a quarter
in 1997 in the past teenage marijuana
use had spiked but since 2011 it's
either held steady or declined and
that's despite legalization in some
states which opponents warned would
increase pot use the american lawyer who
spent almost two years investigating
corruption in World Cup bids by russia
and qatar has quit FIFA's ethics
committee last month soccer's world
governing body cleared both countries of
any wrongdoing Michael Garcia accused
FIFA of a cover-up he said the summary
of his findings were whitewashed
incomplete and erroneous on Wednesday
Garcia released a damning statement
citing a lack of leadership as the
reason for his resignation in that FIFA
was more interested in self-preservation
than the truth transparency into charges
decisions into the basis for those
decisions and into the facts check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world what we're seeing
here is really quite astounding a group
of Israeli soldiers training fighters
from Syria you couldn't have imagined it
happening two years ago but it just goes
to show how unpredictable the Middle
East has become and how much this region
is changing
