a key suit ELISA como digo Ella no
pajamas DeQuincy Desmond Prados este
año vamos yeah on say Desmond Brazos yo
mojo screen a Mucha Brujeria l'alma sera
descansar hasta aqui mata la persona que
lo mato por eso es una razón Tammy que
yo des membres las personas para que no
tengan effect o la Brujeria the city of
whatever into that lies along the
Pacific coast of Colombia it is home to
the most important port in the country
which handles about 60% of the country's
imports and exports
despite this for decades when Ivan
Buddha has been one of the country's
most impoverished cities especially the
area called Mohammed a coastal region
where residents settled decades ago
above the water building still elevated
slums called baloff ethos reclaiming
land from the sea while the rest of the
country has become much safer and the
economy and tourism have boomed
when Evan thuja has become the most
violent city in all of Colombia with a
42% increase in homicides in the past
two years but the violence in the city
has a gruesome characteristic in the
last three years 26 people have been
found carefully dismembered their pieces
scattered in streets and parts but
mostly in the labyrinth pathways of the
still elevated slums of Bahamut we
travel to the port town to try to
understand what's causing the violence
and what its consequences will be in the
years to follow our first stop was San
Jose
ore sanjou the oldest neighborhood of
the city where we met Alvaro a fisherman
and community leader Welliver de
nosotros atonte de noviembre lo VI BMO
raela house por que aunque la gente
Haren o que yo BB mal como el acento gar
lard a canoe so track a siempre Mo's yo
till da DoCoMo zona Roja no porque no ed
a bloke aromatic Romina yo ya tal
momento law somos
Rizzo muchas veces el completo ah sir
hey yo so troll hey mo beat em well tow
em a second fleet yo diría que rey de
que pronto la banda no solamente UN
sector and an sino que camino ganked oa9
feu de the territory of Nunavut Duda has
long been disputed by warring criminal
groups the same groups responsible for
Colombia's more than five decades of
armed conflict left-wing FARC guerrillas
and paramilitary groups linked to the
drug trade have spent 20 years battling
over this turf because of its strategic
location as a gateway for drug smuggling
and weapons dealing pora capo di port
entrance Ascenta poor siente laconia
insolence Ascenta pourcel telecon ye
pero la vesta tours illegals
la prisión tambien para traffic are con
armas Cointreau gheh como no polios con
toda la y bc 2 y por ESO se Crean unos
Bardot's apparent Amenti propiedad de
ellos es donde assume a OS a copa
también por esteban de un c-- a la
empresa case orion de Nativa de esta
ciudad Jose Miguel Correa has been a
police chief up when aventura since last
year the economist and intelligence
expert took up the post at the climax of
the recent crisis of violence and Korres
task is not an easy one murders in the
city increased when los yavan yas and la
empresa two criminal organizations that
branched off from paramilitary groups
started warring over control of the city
and with the war came the dismemberments
sending the residents a blunt message of
terror
vamos a lugar donde supuestamente a una
persona mmm pray Javier cuando llegue
Talia's imagined a Henry Ramirez is
perhaps the most experienced be reporter
in one event duet
he has spent more than 20 years covering
the worst crimes the city has seen for
the newspaper and biiis the tabloid
Google and gotta call radio soon after
we met Henry found out the police had
just discovered another dismembered body
we followed him to the outskirts of una
Ventura to learn more about the victim
aquí donde esta muy ya es Gamboa donde
estan haciendo el tank a leg and a lock
ammonia pays por ello lor está una
persona en tera sto bamos ya fun says
name Brazos la primer T or es que entre
ellos es membrane poor Kiera facil
Muhtar de banda delinquency al abandoned
a low 80s empezar una dismember our
comparison art a roar miedo su sobre
middle o que les pasa que yo sapos a que
ellos que se van al otro lado quayle a
situation okay mojo Charla la linea
maria puede estar los justo de aquí que
son okay Tannen cargo del sitio de
accordin ami ento donde se encuentra el
que supuestamente esta donde esta la la
palma ya na ha parte de abajo way no
familiar the day before the body was
discovered a girl found two fingers on
the side of a road in a nearby
neighborhood she put them in a plastic
bag and took them to the police
based on the information she had she
claimed those were her brother's fingers
the 17 year old Luis Fernando Oh taro
had gone missing in the past few days
and the police suspected the dismembered
body was his akwimos caminando en el
barrio Camilo tor a donde Velho en el e
Fernando ya saliendo a la principal
donde vamos a ver si Cruz amo y doseok
no / tennis cuesta VAR el post our crews
and una a few enter invisible a no lo
vemos solamente lab nao porno / tennis
aaron barrio
now the conflict between los caballos
and lamp reza gangs has created a series
of invisible border lines between the
controlled neighborhoods the gang
members in charge of enforcing these
borders don't hesitate to shoot those
who cross into the wrong side including
cab drivers and cyclists lo del Barrio
yay gana este punto la gente otro suena
Sierra otro en accion a coherent carro
aqui T muna supuestamente una Frontera
que no se que no le puede Cruiser a la
señora la Festa mucho porque ya quiere
ver a su hijo pero ningún moto raton
real oq Stephanie moto de lo que viene
en moto no lot report on al Sater porque
poor tennyson a que no / tennis si tour
de gamboa
se puede usar Lofa chan ya lo planea y
en una segunda opportuni app way serozha
see now Louise's mother Luz marina was
unable to go near the scene of the
discovery because her neighborhood was
under the control of criminals who had
imposed restrictions on the residence we
visited Luz marinas house where she held
a wake for her missing son me dijo que
la cumbre
a salir Maisie Amami da da da salió y
no me dijo nada cuando yo me voy a la
piazza del Elm estaba el más para para
la noche y a noncom a super mijo
ya know la Heron regresa porque él era
veteran la vida es esto lo que yo n'est
pas SI y las personas que me Sierra net
oka por favore camino en tragen que me
diga Largo and a lo tienen para yo ante
Rollo men tienda y de corazon de los /
dona heat am en la piel Mucha media que
los cardones tambien park at Amoy Dora
por Kutesa a una persona que Haga ESO no
tiene chorus a she had set up an altar
for her son and left a glass of water in
front so the young man's soul would have
a way to quench its thirst the syncretic
religion of Santeria
his comment along Colombia's Pacific
coast and many locals believe this is
one of the main reasons the practice of
dismemberment has become so prevalent
des membres las personas por que cuando
matinée una persona los familiar el lo
que hace es a morale a los dos de dos
Gordo's de la mano y los dos de dos de
las diez y a siente r Arlo's yell enter
a los completo samara los dedos Gordo's
de los PSA de las manos l'Alma siva
addis cancer hasta aqui Mottola person a
kilo motto y como yo screen a Mucha
Brujeria des membrane yo so truly
preguntamos pero no so tre Mo's
encontrado a las partes juntas en una
bolsa si an en el momento que usted des
membres Aseema tanto de las partes de
una bolsa ya de a-- de tener Fecteau es
a Brujeria
por eso es una razón Tammy que ellos
des membres las personas para que no
tengan effect o la Brujeria to gain a
better understanding of this through
some local contacts we managed to
interview a hit man a paid assassin who
had been involved in chopping people up
he used to work for lime brezza
but recently switched to lofts with our
venues he agreed to meet us on the
condition that we wouldn't reveal his
name and that we shot the interview away
from the territory controlled by his
gang he wasn't older than 19 what were
your duties when you first became a gang
member and a pig appetite whetted yeah
totally in plato
i don't my idea anything when you
chopped a person for the first time how
old were you I look a little since did
you perform any rituals with the victims
after chopping them up little meow
boom he says I'm inside the battletram
si una mas a will be normal doe
temple no Sally when did you feel the
first time wait some do come on please
turn on my play do I then went under and
today I'm gonna dandling be informal
what did you feel after
listen to them
cambia mucho porque siempre sisty ole
Okayama la guerrilla
sin cuenta no despues a couch amo la
patrie
aqui em boney enteral okay whoo la
empresa antara uno so la razón barrio
cuando era digamos guerrilla siempre en
la carretera no NOS son Aaron yeah
cambiado yeah no yeah no estan en la
zona rellena tenemos la cara terrain
okay ten to propia casa attend to tropez
casa que puede llegar lo que te puea gar
lo que ante no sabían Buena in Toronto
La Antigua hora del miedo de la so Sora
Kacie Celino Sally Casey cruza no cruz'
qual è la Frontera during the search
with Henry
authorities were finally able to
retrieve Louise's remains rasam un poco
de paso donde esta esta persona puede
sacar una parte de la fere may están de
sendou que tiene por todo lo dedos de
fernando torres arguin ya la familia
puede stanza por que fue encontrado su
familia
eso es o equipo de estrella vseo yo
porque en la forma en Arco traffic Oh
suta lozada Perenara tan natori oh come
mija Orono que se do a conocer y save of
a home oh mama mafra quente ver para una
persona en bra de que la gente en la
calle en una cosa en una casa en el Mar
ela no paso tenemos consciente cinta
siete came where tez violenta x' pursues
aldose Minto SE que fueron siento 10
whatever Lente's esto quiere ser una
momento los problemas con los acha son
los problemas so CEA's even in colombia
von aventuras alarming surge in violence
didn't receive much media attention that
is until a Catholic bishop Hector a
balsa began to speak out against the
violence he was the first one to call
out the presence of gases the beaker or
chopping houses where victims were being
systematically slaughtered la gente le
cuenta uno como hora de la noche si or
en los grito de la persona no me mad no
me mad a no sayin Mallos IDI gamos isis
personas kasi digamos las pica Vivas
intellicus a PK MP Zerona a generous a a
tener que unos meses de comunicación en
la sociedad suena 10 Abruzzo casa de
piqi como una casa o baqara pick our
personas como pick our UN ganado how do
you chop semana de llobregat a bowl a
lotta Beza
de le mucho la banda empezamos hair a la
moune pollo ta y para que la regan
normal n token poquito
la el programa do jô hamachi tail of
vega w changer on top of the murders the
gangs have also been extorting small
business owners the violence and fear
has forced more than 13,000 one of them
to de residents to flee their homes in
the last year alone last February the
people of one event do de decided they
were fed up more than 30,000 residents
went out to the streets to demand peace
get a mas que buena Ventura de passe las
communit no queremos mad violencia mass
in Timmy does he own mo La Paz
then in March just two months before
elections with a president up for
reelection the government decided to
take action increasing the number of
police on patrol and sending military
forces to the port city locate him away
llegar a toda esta zona polyp Ithaca
empezar Uno's patrulla Hays initial
meant a poor AG wa y luego poor Tierra's
me t endo knows directamente ya en la
zona donde Nadia entrado y SE como con
la policía y las Huerta militares de la
gran capture arma en to--some puente say
Val do desta Banda's graciana incur
pension de la materia marina en los
últimos tres meses so Lana you trace
asesinato Z NSA sector sector case a
man'll meant a seminal Metairie Strama
who knows
yo totalmente
que estamos haciendo trabajando en todas
por la la la policia un informe ah que
se vino de ik rodeo para que in tenor
estos Barrios Dec Leticia donde se
Metabo an fácilmente las ventas
criminals porque so yeh Gabbana's enter
say de un barrio otro y que avenido yo
otra perception de la Segura Swarek a no
exist iya la confianza di campeón
sendin uncia primer antes a purses
pero captura portes membrane en toh en
tiempo Recor intone say d a--'s conrete
Ratos hablas nunca lo hemos hecho quién
puede Ventura
adonde ellos se clarin culpable s del
delito es membrane en toe tan poco sabia
su sitio akka both the military and
police claim the operations have been
successful but fear still rules of the
streets of one of into de a group of
residents tired of the war decided to
declare one of the most heavily
militarized regions of one event do de a
humanitarian area with the help of NGOs
the community of puente de los Nieto's
established rules which in theory ban
all armed parties including police from
entering we visited this humanitarian
zone where we met Nora Castillo and her
brother Pompey Leo two of the community
organizers leading this effort even if
the community's conditions seem
precarious they are proud of the land
they've reclaimed from the sea
ESN facade Lila situatio aproximadamente
de noviembre donde Ettore para military
note receptor aqui esta la puerta de la
república debatable aqui esta la calle
Brisa c hacia que digamos que hay una
grande desafío de la familia que todo
momento a glow de la ba se para militar
que estaba cada MP derek anta say
pasamos logano glucose yeah la gente no
permanencia con usted habla en la garita
a parte de las a de la tarde yeah no
podemos a cake a looney no podían jugar
tenia que tar dentro de la casa no hecho
a un Taymor impresionante por que tenía
la says Ohama de cuarto cincuenta
personas are MARSOC ah y que la gente
con todo se fuerte de contrôle on TMZ
pompilio tokus to the side where one of
the most infamous butcher houses was
discovered right in the middle of their
community the house has since been
destroyed by the neighbors ririn
cantidad de semana de que fueron pyaar
ko UN premier Torito
we India Petipa mo centromere
Yamaha cannon in El Paso monterrico
momento siente attention we're familia
hey correspondence cientos de cinta
persona la mayoría zone means estan
prácticamente hopi ando lo que venía
intone say ba gamma b air entraining
tournament a como llamo lo dentro de a
fueron sector estaba muy bueno el
principio juego de implement an era la
pistola de pollo yama Allante se fueron
diamo a grande osa que salir c pn o que
Luke a chiral Jurgen a pecan entonces
era una cosa que al armada a lock
ammonia Demerara no instrumentum estan
jugando plot of people we spoke to in
the Baja mod areas believe the increase
in violence is not only caused by a turf
war between 9 psi and their rivals many
of them think that economic or even
political interests might be behind it
the local government has grand plans to
build several development projects along
the Colombian coast to attract tourists
and to transform the city but in order
to do so they must first evict the
residents of the waterfront fishing
communities the plan is to relocate
residents to a complex built away from
the sea called San Antonio most of the
residents don't support the idea
para ride aquellos digamos Tierra navin
shark on spoon en el malecon mo video
diamo la violencia K gamma D gamma humor
el traje mon visto que lo quiere ro
vikarna una parte react a cinema salim
esto no que nosotros Tom OD amo embody
endo este territorio pero diamo nonce
otro santino vino por que estos son
territory okay yeah mu gana llamo
aproximadamente nest a set or mod Davis
in Kwon's en dos a notice a centum okay
Eagle a co Incred proyecto llamo so many
young keiki no no quieres Arriba dahari
pero la parte de gobierno van a hacer
una revocation de todo esta swanepoel AA
fitta kappa hay un proyecto que hacer
soleil du mal a con que pasar por todo
esta zona even esta situación in
Buenaventura has improved somewhat in
the past few months with the current
state of militarization violence is
still very much present as of September
of this year two other dismembered
bodies were found and kidnappings and
extortions are still happening in fact
Henry Ramirez the journalist who showed
us around recently received a letter
signed by lawsuit avenues where he and
seven other reporters are threatened
with death for their coverage of an
alleged chopping house linked to their
gang Henry and the journalists are
dubbed military targets in the letter
local residents among them hundreds if
not thousands of children are still at
risk they could of course leave the area
willingly but what they really want is
for the government to increase their
investment in social programs improve
the infrastructure reduce poverty and
include them in future developments
being proposed for the area
yo PN C D go kacy proper el lugar donde
yo a vivid Oh por siempre porque yo
tengo que c'est de mi q vo es esposa y
creo que no tiene algo de participación
porque si a toda el futuro a way no
intruder say d SE que lo que se a snake
la no patrimonio nacional no puede sob
eraser mo siete el primer barrio mona
thousands of people have already left
the city fleeing the violence and
poverty and hoping that one day the most
important commercial port in colombia
will decide to share its wealth with
them but many others have chosen to stay
and as we saw in the humanitarian zone
and other areas of Bakuman they have
organized themselves and are determined
to hold on to their territory clara
demasiado ctc dhaka da Mucha a mucho
Mucho barrio Mucha Partin okay hey hey
hey Zoe Oh por si la comunidad say
levantate no por seguro que la una casa
y yo lo sabe
you
