it's Monday December 15th and here's
some engineers beyond the headlines
Turkish authorities have escalated a
crackdown on supporters of a us-based
rival of President roject I aberta one
on Sunday police raided the samaya lu TV
station and offices of the best-selling
Ximen newspaper both media outlets are
linked to muslim cleric vitola Gulen a
former Air dhawan ally who has long
criticized his consolidation of power
two dozen people arrested in Istanbul
and other areas include journalists and
police officers were accused of forming
an illegal organization to seize control
of the government Gulen fled Turkey more
than 25 years ago after being charged
with trying to overthrow the country's
then secular government president
Erdogan has accused the clerics
followers of orchestrating a corruption
scandal that implicated him his
associates and family Sudan's President
is celebrating a decision by the
International Criminal Court to suspend
an investigation into alleged war crimes
in Darfur prosecutor fatou Bensouda
cited a need to shift resources to other
urgent crises in the region because the
UN Security Council had done little or
nothing in more than a decade to bring
President Omar al-bashir and others to
justice the ICC indicted Bashir in 2009
but he remains at large and doesn't
recognize the courts Authority more than
300,000 people have died and millions
have been displaced from Darfur since
2003 when the government set out to
crush an insurgency in the area syrian
activists have expressed their support
for growing protests against police
brutality in the United States residents
of the northwestern town of Khafre and
men often demonstrate against the Syrian
government on Saturday their chance and
banners also addressed America's race
field debates over the deaths of Michael
Brown Eric garner and others at the
hands of police halfway across the globe
tens of thousands of people gathered in
New York Washington Boston and other
cities to protest against grand jury
decisions not to indict the police
officers involved in brown and Garner's
deaths
drone manufacturers are trying to give
the fruits of their labor a better name
the first ever commercial drone Expo was
held in los angeles on saturday
companies promoted drone uses that go
beyond current military applications
delivering medicine to remote locations
and searching for missing children among
others event attracted thousands of
people but legal experts say the safety
and privacy concerns that surround
drones make it harder to justify their
expanded use check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world i met with the president of
Honduras in Honduras and his entire
cabinet and the president of Guatemala
they all say the same thing if you guys
didn't have the demand we wouldn't have
the supply we're not consuming this
stuff
