I think it's up the Democrats want to
rewrite history partially because it
given that CIA a black guy would maybe
give them more control over the CIA's
budget and more control over you know
more Senator oversight and all that
stuff or the problem with that is you
can't trust Congress to get anything
done I don't want them fighting the war
on terror I don't want them making
decisions about that they can't pass a
budget they can't pass a single bill
without sticking some kind of rider on
the thing or something on the thing so I
don't really think that they should be
in a position to make decisions about
stuff that is stove-piped in through the
executive branch and you know oversights
important keeps people honest but
oversight is not the same thing as
calling the shots hmm I just don't think
they ought to be calling the shots for
organizations like the CIA not if we
plan on protecting our people I don't
think the Senate is being fair or unfair
to me I know the bloggers and
journalists and the reporters and the
people that they leaked information to
or told stories to have said some pretty
ugly things but you know they just make
stuff up part of that's because I've
never done what I've done just now I've
never really sat down with anybody and
said you know this is what I did in the
Air Force this is what I've done and I
don't mind talking about my Air Force
career and I don't mind giving my
opinion about that Senate report and you
know I don't mind the sort of stuff that
we've talked about but typically I
hadn't done it because you know the more
you talk about that stuff the more
people and infer from what you say
but I'm you know I'm just tired of
people lying about my background
