it's Friday December twelfth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
teenage suicide bomber targeted a high
school in the Afghan capital on Thursday
during the performance of a play that
condemned suicide attacks a German
national was killed and 20 other people
were wounded at the istick law school
which is home to the french cultural
center the Taliban claimed
responsibility for the attack and said
the play insulted Islamic values
militants of the group carried out a
separate attack on Afghan soldiers and
Kabul earlier in the day killing six the
second in command of New York City's
reputa DMB no mafia has been nabbed in
connection to an extortion case in Italy
raids in the big apple and a number of
Italian cities led police to arrest
eight people including 61 year old
Francesco bad MIDI the men are accused
of trying to bully an Italian
businessman into coughing up more than a
million dollars as repayment for a 1980s
loan Italian police say the arrests are
part of a follow-up investigation linked
to operation Newbridge which secured the
arrests of more than two dozen alleged
mobsters who operated a drug trafficking
route between the u.s. and Italy Google
News espana nomas the company is set to
shut down its news linking service in
Spain next week before a new
intellectual property law goes into
effect in January the legislation would
allow Spanish sites to charge services
like Google News for republishing even a
snippet of their content instead of
buckling under pressure the online giant
made a brazen and unprecedented move to
pull the plug the decision means readers
in Latin America and around the globe
won't see articles from Spanish news
sites on google news some publishers
have argued the service does infringe
copyrights while others say they'd
rather not bite the hand that feeds them
Russian activists were the target of an
unusual attack by supporters of the
Chechen leader during a human rights
conference in Moscow on Thursday eager
Kelly open head of Russia's Committee
Against Torture said Ramzan Kadyrov was
violating the Russian Constitution by
imposing collective punishment against
the families of alleged militants in
Chechnya
when the egg started flying
representatives from Human Rights Watch
and other groups weren't spared the
comments came after Milton attacks on
December 4th which left more than two
dozen policemen dead in the capital
Grozny two days later Khedira ordered
the militants relatives to be evicted
and their homes quote raised to the
basement check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world they
launched the heavy guns into our
villages and they arrest and also the
kill and so we have to flee I thought
that we could return within one week but
now more than ten years
