you know one of the room works that I
don't live with which journalist it was
started about me was that I somehow
walked into the front gate of the agency
painted on the door and said you know
that story to be done let me in
I'm in Central Florida and I'm on my way
to meet Jim Mitchell who according to
numerous media outlets and several
investigations was the architect of the
CIA's enhanced interrogation program the
program that was used to interrogate
suspects like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and
Abu Zubaydah in the global war on terror
and so right now we're headed to this
river called the Myakka River where Jim
likes to hang out fish and look for
alligators
morning how often do you come out here
yeah four times five times a year if I
like the I like the wilderness area a
lot Jim what is this place
this is deep hole on the Myakka River
and the Myakka River State Park Jim
you're the psychologist but would some
people think there's something crazy
about your relaxation is paddling out
among hundreds of alligators no I don't
think so
seems perfectly normal I mean fact I
think it's a sign of great intelligence
you know there's just nothing going on
they're not aggressive they're not
dangerous they're more scared of me than
I am of them and as you can see there's
not another living soul around so if
you're looking for solitude or a place
to think or it's just a perfect place
everybody needs something to organize
and structure the thoughts and
whatever's going on in my life is what
I'm thinking about normally you know
everything from gotta mow the lawn to
what the hell's wrong with the Senate
you know oh I can't we get a budget or
something
after paddling the Myakka and dodging
alligators for eight hours
we stopped into Bad Monkey a bar in
Tampa owned by a former Special
Operations General where spooks and
soldiers come to unwind I think it would
be helpful in order for people to
understand your background and your
expertise to explain what sere is and
why it's necessary well the whole point
of the sere program it stands for
survival evasion resistance and escape
and the whole point of the program is so
that the men and women who are in
positions of high risk of capture can
serve with on or whether in captivity
and then return with their honor intact
and the training is really focused on
helping them avoid providing actionable
intelligence to the bad guys and avoid
the kind of exploitation that you
sometimes see and it was a program
designed in case our US soldiers are
captured yeah yeah I was I'm sort of
thinking that was is well-known the
assertion is is that then they took all
that data and all those principles and
all those lessons learned from the sere
program and then reversed engineered it
to create the enhanced interrogation
program that's what Jose Rodriguez says
it is book I mean I don't recall exactly
but that's the myth
for more than a decade the United States
has been locked in a fierce debate over
the effectiveness of its controversial
post 9/11 detention and interrogation
policies involving high-value detainees
held by the CIA at top-secret black
sites their captives who included
alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh
Mohammed or KSM were subjected to a
combination of so-called enhanced
interrogation techniques or IITs that
were approved by the Department of
Justice in 2002 these procedures were
designed to be safe to comply with our
laws our Constitution and our treaty
obligations the methods devised from the
sere program which Mitchell was a part
of for over a decade included sleep
deprivation painful stress positions
wall slamming and simulated drowning or
waterboarding the most controversial of
all the techniques I believe that
waterboarding was torture and I think
that whatever legal rationales were used
it was a mistake independent
investigations by human rights groups
and journalists over the years have
helped shed light on how the program
worked and whether it prevented
terrorist attacks one name that is
continually surfaced in connection with
the program is dr. James Mitchell a
retired Air Force psychologist who is
under contract to the CIA Mitchell has
been called the modern day father of the
Air Force's sere training program and is
widely believed to be the architect of
the CIA's CIA program the agency has
never confirmed nor denied Mitchell's
role in devising the EIT program but
this week the Senate Intelligence
Committee released its long-awaited
report on the history of the EIT program
it does confirm that two Air Force
psychologists devised and managed the
EIT program however the report stocks
short of identifying Mitchell by name we
met up with Mitchell and suburban
Florida we spoke to him about the
Senate's report waterboarding radical
Islam his military background and one of
the darkest chapters of the war on
terror this is the first time Mitchell
has ever appeared on camera
it's been reported in dozens of books
and articles and investigations that you
were the architect of the CIA's enhanced
interrogation program also known as a I
tease and that you personally were
involved with the interrogation and
waterboarding of Abu Zubaydah and Khalid
Sheikh Mohammed are these reports
accurate and what role did you have in
designing the CIA's enhanced
interrogation program you know I'd
really like to respond to those
questions but I can I have a
non-disclosure agreement and until I'm
released from that I can't answer those
kinds of questions although I'd like to
I'd love to be able to clarify some of
the things that people are saying
because a lot of what people are saying
is inaccurate the Senate report it's
going to reinvigorate the debate about
coercive interrogation techniques is
that a healthy debate that we should
well I think I think you should have
some kind of a debate I can't believe I
mean we must have an interrogation
program that I don't know about it to me
it seems completely insensible that
slapping KSM is bad but sending a
Hellfire missile into our families
picnic and killing all the children and
you know killing granny and killing
everyone is ok for a lot of reasons one
of the reasons is what about that
collateral loss of life and the other
one is is that if you kill them you
can't question them where do you fall on
that debate between hard and soft
interrogations I think it's a policy
decision I don't have a vested interest
in any form of interrogation what do you
think works most effectively I would say
that for 99 percent of the people who
haven't been trained and sophisticated
resistance interrogation approaches some
more poor base program probably works
really well for them I don't really want
to go into the details of it but there
will be some people who will withhold
information and some of those will be
responsive to coercively
the suggestion that no coercion is ever
used by our law enforcement or by
the FBI or it's just silly and so the
first piece of the debate should be why
don't we have an interrogation program
at some level why are we treating it
like a law enforcement matter so there's
a debate over whether hard
interrogations ie the enhanced
interrogation program worked effectively
to obtain intelligence information or
whether the soft interrogations the sort
of befriend the person that you're
interrogating and get them to reveal
information through those tech idle so
that's the case Jose Rodriguez and his
book hard measures and Marc Thiessen in
his book courting disaster both
described the enhanced interrogation
program and the purpose of it and what
they said in their books and slightly
different language is that the purpose
of the enhanced interrogation program
was to get the detainee to be willing to
engage with the debrief er or targeter
who was asking a question and that it
wasn't designed so that you would ask
questions about actionable intelligence
while the detainee was experiencing the
enhanced interrogation program so it's
almost like a good cop bad cop kind of
setup you know with a really bad cop so
that it was realistic enough that the
person would be willing to engage it if
you follow the way they've described it
you're saying that the design and the
purpose of the enhanced interrogation
program wasn't necessarily to get
actionable intelligence it wasn't it was
to facilitate getting actual
intelligence by making a bad cop that
was bad enough that the person would
engage with a good cop I would be
stunned if they found any kind of
evidence to suggest that IITs result as
they were being applied yielded
actionable intelligence I guess yeah if
you think like it's 2002 there's we're
starting to snatch up the first round of
high-value detainees and we got to
figure out how to interrogate them right
you know
there's no point in this conversation oh
no I'm just saying theoretically right
yeah I think I mean without I'm not
gonna acknowledge that it was me or it
wasn't me but if you read Jose
Rodriguezes book hard measures he says
that the contractor that they sends job
was to look at the resistance strategies
that the detainee was employing and make
suggestions to the FBI and CIA team that
was there doing the interrogations and
I'm not trying to imply that it's me I'm
just saying that's what he says in his
book Michels name first surfaced in 2005
in a New Yorker article that highlighted
the role of the psychologists in
designing the EIT program and its
connection to sere school since then
human rights advocates and a
congressional committee have tried to
hold Mitchell accountable Joseph
Margolis petitioned the Texas State
Board of psychologists to strip mitchell
of his license to practice psychology
claiming Mitchell violated his
professions ethics Margolis is the
lawyer for Abu Zubaydah a notorious
al-qaida facilitator who was
waterboarded 83 times in one month
zubeida is the only detainee subjected
to all ten of the EITS Mitchell
allegedly developed well James Mitchell
was one of the two psychologists who was
involved in the creation and
implementation of the enhanced
interrogation program they were really
the architects our position was and
remains there was no foundation in
science there was no foundation in
psychology for that and the James
Mitchell misrepresented his skills and
his expertise and that what he engaged
in with zubeida and others was torture
and that there should be consequences to
his license to practice psychology what
he did was wrong what he did is
something no psychologist should ever do
clearly needs to be held accountable
this is a Moroccan knife and that is a
cutting stone that I picked up at the
edge of the world about 90 maybe 100
kilometers outside of Riyadh Saudi
Arabia is this from when you retire
yeah I'm certainly not in the military
you might recognize a couple of the
coins yeah
Mitchell's shelves are lined with books
on Islam he started studying the
religion after his close friend was
kidnapped and murdered this is the
Sharia law and you really if you want to
understand not just the Quran this is
the Cairo the English translation of the
Cairo version of the Quran if you want
to understand the Quran you have to
study the hadith we've got several of
those but you also have to come here and
you have to actually read what they say
about how people should be treated and
what I do is I look stuff up that's
interesting to me is just to see how
they handle it like this is the
description of how you handle apostasy
and what it is and what you do with it
that's John yes John Rebecca yeah yeah
well I've read it yeah what do I do
I mean most of these books seem to be
about understanding Islam I got
interested in Islam probably around 95
particularly in fundamental Islam a very
good friend of mine named Don Hutchins
was captured by Kashmiri separatists
under the control of Omar Sheikh the
same guy that kidnapped Daniel Pearl
before he turned him over to Kaos um
they let the women go but they
eventually killed them in and I started
trying to figure out what is this about
you know who are these people I can
understand why people would think that
okay I kind of deserved that sort of
treatment if I get rolled up but Don was
the most gentle man on the planet so
even though personally I don't give a
damn whether you worship what God you
worship which way your face when you
worship what kind of building your
worship in I don't care but literally
when you want to kill my friends and you
want to kill my family and you want to
destroy my way of life you've got my
full attention
how has our understanding of the sort of
jihadi mindset increased say over the
last decade they see us as their primary
opposition they think that even if they
can't deliver a devastating blow that
cripples us if they continue to do these
smaller attacks that what's going to
happen is the public will lose its
interest in the thing a number of
studies have been done on jihadis and
one thing that's clear is it's not a
mental health disorder they're not crazy
they're not part of some cult we tend to
think of them as sort of suicidal
fanatics as people who have some kind of
problem with their identity and somehow
are brainwashed what I would say is that
it's less like becoming a suicidal
fanatic and more like becoming a Jedi
warrior let's let's talk about
waterboarding I know a little something
about waterboarding in 2007 I was the
first person waterboarded on national
television at the time the debate about
the use of the technique was uninformed
some of the politicians arguing for and
against it had never even seen it done
so I volunteered to be waterboarded
because I wanted the public to see how
the technique work and make up their own
minds about whether or not it
constituted torture
I'm 42 right yeah I know so then I saw
you waterboarded on a video I thought
for our massive holy cow look at what
they're doing to that guy you know I'm
surprised you didn't get up with punch
him yeah something about those
restraints yeah
were you restrained I can't remember
yeah is waterboarding an effective
technique I'm not gonna I'll give you my
experience in the survival school right
Bruce Jessen and I spent most of our Air
Force career trying to get the Navy to
stop waterboarding because we thought it
did the enemy's job for us I can't tell
you how many POWs I interviewed who said
I'm not going to put up with that if
they I'll tell them whatever they want
to know I'm not going to go through that
again if if you imagine that the task of
a person is to sort of organize and
execute the courses of action that are
required to protect a piece of
information that technique completely
undermined a lot of our fighting men and
women's resolve to protect information
does waterboarding constitute torture
well we know it didn't in 2001 through
about 2006 or 7 I don't think it's the
right thing to do I don't think it's the
wrong thing to do I think you can do it
in a way that it constitutes torture I
think you can do it in a way that it
constitutes training I think you can do
it in a way that it helps a person shift
their priorities so that they
experienced less abuse later on it's
like every tool in the tool bag you can
under use it you can overuse it there's
New York Times article that came out and
had talked about the treatment of the
kidnapped Journal where they said or
they said they were waterboarded hmm
yeah I'm horrible about that
how will I do but I think the primary
responsibility for that lies with the
media because the program was classified
they're the ones that spread it out in
public made it a hotbed issue signal to
the entire world that you know that big
segments of the US population would
horrified by it so they kind of
highlighted it something you would want
to do and I'm surprised more people
aren't doing it maybe it's because of
where I sit like on the table now but I
take some exception to the idea that the
fault lies I didn't say all the fault
right
not that not with the act of doing it no
I think it's shared I think it's 5050
and do you stop doing something because
the bad guys decide to I mean do we stop
shooting people because the bad guys
shoot people to be candid with you if
you're going to break somebody's legs or
waterboard them they probably would
prefer you break their legs because it's
less distressing nod ly enough but if
you are rescuing them you would probably
prefer they be waterboarded you could
take any technique and turn it into
torture the real torture as legally
defined right you know my guess is they
did some version of it that was much
more horrific than anything that was
actually done to the detainees do you
think there are red lines in the
techniques that we should use to
interrogate people sure I don't think
you should do anything that violates the
torture convention
I think it's hypocritical when you send
a captive to Egypt or you send a captive
to Yemen or your Cinna captive to
someplace else where they're going to be
interrogated by people who who are not
following US law whatever it happens to
be at the time they do not question
people the way we question people when
it comes to actual intelligence because
that also speak to a problem is that
people will say anything to stop certain
types of harsh interrogations you can
make people say anything to stop harsh
interrogations if you apply them in a
way that does that the publicly
available record is that Mitchell and
Jessen reverse-engineered skills that
they had developed as mock interrogators
for the military resistance training
program that is to resist training they
turn that into offensive training
techniques to be used for alleged
al-qaeda suspects the fact that he says
he was qualified doesn't make it so he
never conducted a hostile interrogation
life he always worked on phony
interrogations and to represent that he
had is simply untrue we stand by our
allegations with all the times your name
has appeared in the press lately with
all these articles with these
investigations do you feel in any way
that you've been misrepresented or
thrown under the bus or that information
about you it's not accurate I don't feel
particularly like I was thrown under the
bus you know not by I feel that way
about the Democrats in the Senate right
I don't feel that way about any of the
other organizations that I worked with I
do think that my credentials have been
misrepresented there's a Wikipedia page
if you go to that page it says I had no
experience in Special Operations but I
had years of experience in Special
Operations I was in a special mission
unit you know it says I have no forensic
experience well that's not true I was a
bomb tech for five years and what do you
think you do as a bomb tech I was a
trained hostage negotiator I was on a
hostage negotiation team I did sanity
board evaluations for the court critical
incident analysis I went to an
aeromedical psychology course where I
was trained to do aircraft
investigations psychological autopsies I
was an operational psychologist most of
my military career around 13 years
something like 14,000 hours inside the
lab taught me about the sort of mental
state set or associated with you know
interrogation particularly that using
course of pressure because we got an
opportunity to see a variety of people
all kinds of races all kinds of
intelligence all kinds of backgrounds
attempting to withhold actionable
intelligence that sort of stuff gets
completely misrepresented
so you have this entire military career
but it's all its prenatal heaven and
then you get out in August of 2001 but
you basically thought you're going to
retire from the military with your
military salary maybe do some nice
contracts and then September 11th
happens right and you remember where you
were yeah I was at home it was I still
tear up a little bit about that because
to me it was horrific that people had to
choose between burning to death or
jumping off a buildings I don't think
that should happen to anybody and so I
called the one of the people that was
managing Mike one of my contracts I said
I I want to be part of the solution
really not knowing anything about
anything you know other than I just like
everybody who watched that who had a
background in the military we you know
we all wanted to be part of the solution
you could just tell everything had
changed right for me it just completely
changed my life at one point in a
conversation with a person I thought
somebody ought to do something I said
that out loud to the person and he said
if
give me just a second here what he said
was if you're not willing to do it how
can we ask anybody else
and I kind of thought back to all those
people that died for no reason and so I
was willing to help any way I could you
know when somebody asked me that if I
would be willing to help I was willing
to help you know so that's what that's
that's why we're that's where was that's
where it is what do you think when you
reflect on on the last decade I think I
wish I had a chance to tell my story you
know because I think I should be a
hundred percent responsible for
everything I did I think I should be
zero percent responsible for things
people dream up that idea the Senate
Intelligence Committee spent five years
and forty million dollars investigating
the CIA's enhanced interrogation program
the committee's report concluded that
the program was a failure that the
intelligence gleaned from detainees was
neither unique nor valuable and in some
cases exaggerated Senator Dianne
Feinstein the chairwoman of the
committee said the investigation is one
of the most significant oversight
efforts in the history of the United
States the committee hopes that its
report will finally settle the debate
over whether IITs should ever be used
again
Mitchell thinks they're wrong and that
they're trying to rewrite history
one day when he can Mitchell may write a
book to set the record straight about
the EIT program until then he intends to
spend his retirement fishing and
kayaking among the Gators
