it's Friday December 5th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Zimbabwe's aging leader has issued a
warning to anyone attempting to derail
his plans for the country's future in a
fiery speech at an annual Congress of
his a new PF party President Robert
Mugabe accused his deputy of plotting to
overthrow him Joyce Magoo Roux was only
months ago presumed to be Zimbabwe's
next leader but has since been expelled
from the party and reduced to public
enemy number one in state media some
former loyalists suggest Mugabe smeared
his vice president to prop up the first
lady the 90 year old recently changed
the constitution to Graham himself sole
power to appoint a successor it isn't
clear yet who he'll pick to be the next
deputy when the party meeting closes on
Saturday
India's controversial sterilization
drives are back in the spotlight the
procedure has been banned in Orissa
state after it was revealed the doctor
used a bicycle pump to inflate woman's
abdomens during surgeries a week ago
more than a dozen women died during a
sterilization drive in Chhattisgarh
state last month which conflicting
reports have blamed on tinted drugs and
dirty medical instruments India's
government invites mostly poor villagers
to undergo two vechta knees as part of
the campaign to control the country's
booming populations Italian police have
uncovered a quote extensive and
pervasive mafia structure linking some
of Rome's politicians business leaders
and far-right groups to major criminal
organizations authorities have searched
the homes of former mayor Johnny
alumino and other current and former
officials as part of an unprecedented
investigation into bribery extortion and
corruption they've arrested more than
three dozen people and seized assets
worth some 300 million dollars in raids
across Rome in neighboring towns the
operation sheds light on the deep
connections between Italy's organized
crime syndicates and the local and
national political systems
cruise ships maybe trying to go green by
asking you to reuse your towels but what
they've been dumping into the
environment is still pretty shitty
environmental group Friends of the Earth
says data collected from the
Environmental Protection Agency shows
cruise line operators have dumped more
than a billion gallons of sewage into
ocean waters this year under US federal
law ships are only allowed to release
sewage within three nautical miles of
shore but otherwise have free reign to
do as they please and lacks regulations
aren't the only cause for concern 40% of
cruise lines are using wastewater
technology that dates back to the 70s
contaminating waters with harmful levels
of fecal matter bacteria and heavy
metals check out the Vice News YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world you
can look at this critical look at the
department that I do
mr. giving real for lovely
mother Peter salgo movie ideas
