and opiate is an opiate I don't care
which one it is everyone of them will
kill you
how many times have you overdosed 14
every time I've ever used narcan I
thought the person was gonna die and
after administer the narcan they come
true
this is a miracle drug in the first 18
months of the program we were able to
reduce the death rate by 66 percent the
United States has seen a spike in opioid
abuse over the past decade in 2010 an
average of 100 people a day died of an
overdose drug overdoses now kill more
people each year than gunshot wounds
or car accidents but finding a solution
has been hard because of the stigma
surrounding drug users and lack of
support for programs that are based on
reducing the harmful effects of drug use
rather than those requiring abstinence
New England in particular has been hit
hard by fatal overdoses in Massachusetts
death from heroin and other opiates has
increased by more than 90 percent since
2002 in response the state started a
controversial program that provides
ordinary people with the tools to
prevent fatal overdoses I've seen people
get clean and I've seen people relapse
and then get clean again and we always
tell them no matter what like keep
coming here like if you if you relapse
don't be embarrassed come back you know
Tracy works for the tapestry health
needle exchange in western Massachusetts
for her outreach work in the community
she picks up used needles checks in on
users and hands out a controversial drug
called naloxone known by its brand name
narcan it's a nasal spray that could
instantly stop an overdose and it's the
centerpiece of the state's program why
do you think narcan and and other harm
reduction tools but you know narcan
especially why do you think it's
important it's like magic I mean it's
it's essentially like it's bringing
someone back to life and giving them
another chance saving the lives of
people who deserve a second third fourth
fifth sixth seventh chance
necesitas gun shows have you ever saved
someone's life or have yours has your
life ever been saved using narcan hmm
and you've got the real sick one yes in
the hospital with that yeah yeah give me
that I I wake up I lied but I was real
sick yeah what did it feel like to wake
up happy you know and I am Alive and I
don't wanna do it again I don't gonna do
it again cool kids I get out from the
hospital and go back to buy some drugs
Wow I don't know what's wrong with that
all addict is the same kid I don't know
what's wrong with with us you know
and we wanted low wig your body become
it needs it we are like the carpets you
know that like that the harrowing is in
here and the pop we are the puppet and
the day but they have remove this dead
you know that the three now removed
quincy a town ten miles south of Boston
has a major opioid problem the increased
availability of prescription opiates
means drug use began reaching younger
suburban populations I'm 39 I grew up in
Quincy and people I used to play sports
with and some people used to hang out
with a lot of them you know stand on the
oxycontin on the percocet and end up
becoming a heroin addicts and I've like
lost track now but it's over 25 people
that are no longer with us
they're deceased and it wasn't just
people that were coming from tough
backgrounds it was people that had good
families and you know they they played
sports and they they hang out with good
people and now we're dead part of the
Massachusetts narcan initiative is to
Train first responders to administer it
when they encounter an overdose the
Quincy Police were among the first to
start its officers have carried narcan
in their cars since 2010 in addition to
improving access to narcan Massachusetts
passed a Good Samaritan Law which is
intended to encourage people who witness
overdoses often drug users themselves to
call 911 it exempts them from arrest for
possession of small amounts of illegal
drugs this approach has radically
changed the way the police interact with
the user community the officers took a
new outlook on the individuals on the
street years ago he would just arrest
the rest the rest and we wore out a lot
of handcuffs and it just doesn't work
cuz we had a rash of over those deaths
where we would show up at the scene and
we call it it was sanitized there were
no paraphernalia as far as any drug
usage and an individual be lying or
sitting in a chair deceased with their
ID card
in the first 18 months of the program we
were able to reduce the death rate by 66
percent despite narcan success in
Massachusetts other states have been
slow to adopt a similar program because
of liability issues and a concern that
narcan is a short-term fix that simply
allows people to continue abusing drugs
some people say that the narcan program
is a band-aid effect but a healer wound
we have to put a bandaid on it to keep
it concealed and for it to heal properly
I job is to protect and serve we don't
choose who we protect and serve who
protect us our law
as of June 2014 480 overdoses have been
reversed by first responders but police
and firefighters often aren't the first
on the scene of an overdose usually it's
a friend or family member as of July
2013 bystanders were responsible for
reversing six times more overdoses than
first responders
we're headed to learn to cope it's a
meeting for parents who have children
who are opioid addicts and we're gonna
sit down and watch a narcan enrollment
and for parents who want to learn how to
use it should they ever need it in
Massachusetts we're more than a little
bit lucky that we have this people are
at most risk to overdose when they have
stopped using even for just one day if
they use what they were using on Monday
on Friday or Saturday when they get out
of the detox they're a huge risk to
overdose so you know always keep that in
mind he's in Nam he was away from him
for a long time and so now there's all
those have you ever do you know if
you've ever witnessed an overdose before
okay if you Eve not can and it wasn't an
overdose it wouldn't hurt nope I could I
could take it myself right now it only
works on opiates but if somebody is
unresponsive you don't know what they
took give than I can so the way the knot
can works is the opiates jump on the
receptor in the brain and that's what
suppresses respirations then I can't
knocks that off and it jumps on it takes
the high right away it you know puts
people right into withdrawing from the
opiate if you have to use not can always
call 9-1-1 and then if there's no
response from the first dose and I can
you can
this addiction has such a hold on
anybody that is addicted they don't have
a choice anymore like they they're going
to use no matter what they're not gonna
say okay I can use because there's not
can in case I overdose they don't even
think about overdosing at all
all they think about is not being sick
only 15 states in the country have
narcan programs and in many states it's
still illegal to administer narcan
without a medical license even in states
where first responders have expanded
access to narcan it's still difficult
for civilians who are most likely to
witness an overdose to get narcan
themselves
Bobby grew up in North Weymouth right
next door to Quincy
he's been saved by narcan over a dozen
times he started using oxycontin when he
was 15 and moved on to heroin at 16 you
know you do something every day long
enough it's got to turn into a habit and
unfortunately with that habit you get
sick when you stop doing it how many
times have you overdose 14 and have you
ever had narcan used on you yeah several
times
who gave you narcan was it Cobb sir cops
ambulance Hospital my sister my friend
has my friend's mother the criticism I
hear about narcan is it like enables
people well it doesn't what it does is
it saves lives and that's sort of the
bottom line you know people are gonna
relapse to get high maybe need it more
than once to powder recovery it's a part
of addiction people going back out there
if there wasn't narcan available I
wouldn't be here and not only like would
I not be here but my mother would be
without his son
so we're heading to go meet Gary Lingus
he used to kind of give narcan out
underground when people would call him
he would just distribute it out and then
his program grew and he's basically
doing it for the Department of Public
Health now Gary's been involved in
outreach in the drug user community
since the 80s when his wife and many
friends died from AIDS contracted
through intravenous drug use he handed
out clean needles illegally and when he
heard about narcan he saw that the same
people he was giving needles to could
also benefit from being trained in how
to use narcan but until Massachusetts
started its program in 2007 it was still
illegal to administer narcan without a
medical license so it became like the
the NOC and Boston buyers club it's an
immediate public health response that
prevents death right away now Gary goes
door-to-door training people who are
likely to see an overdose on how to use
narcan he's going to Train Denise a
childhood friend who's a caretaker for
people prescribed opiate painkillers we
grew up in the same neighborhood and
around that time there were a lot of
people that were 15 16 years old that
started to use heroin heroin then we got
right to heroin it wasn't like yeah I
wasn't like you fooled around a few
years and then yeah you know yeah that
was it yeah all right chief Denise
you've you've witnessed overdose you
have you witnessed overdoses yes how
many how many have you witnessed in your
life my life yeah maybe a half dozen
it's pretty hectic as an overdose when
somebody's overdosing you know like it's
a scary situation
some people are panicking and this is
the kid this is the the medicine this is
deep atomizer and this is the the
syringe Pat the administrator then you'd
minister up like half up one side of the
nostril and half up the other side of
the nostril all right so just go ahead
show me how you put that together
anybody that interacts with the drug
user is important soldier in this fight
to stop overdoses
you know like drug use overdose there's
no boundaries there's no state lines
you guys both mentioned you know growing
up one way or another you guys were
involved in the user scene or what have
you
but now both you guys work on the
opposite side growing up near that did
that kind of push you or passion you to
do what you're doing now I think so
we lost dozens and dozens of friends
that make a lot of overdoses and we
didn't have the answer back then you
know we didn't have not can I mean I'm
objecting salt because shooting up with
salt I should have done your pants like
frozen hamburger done and pans whatever
like you know it was just like all kinds
of crazy stuff throwing people a shower
and there's anything anything to be
valuable when you save a life that's an
unbelievable success like when you take
somebody from death like the door of
death and pull them back that's like
pretty powerful I admit I'm an enabler I
enable folks at every opportunity I can
I hope I'm an able to live to have
another day so they can you know make
make a choice ethat he use and not to
use but you know what they're not going
to be able to make a choice of their
death
after his last arrest bobby was given
the option to go through drug court in
Quincy and work toward sobriety instead
of serving time for drug charges
how are you mr. new Maya I'm good how
are you Your Honor I am well thank you
for asking well you made it to this
sober house this is great news
it's just crazy as my first program I've
ever graduated a great thing
yes I'm 1 for 5 with programs with so
you one good but it's good that it's my
last one in knowledge you know I mean it
is a process and under I understand
entirely that is you know before I knew
what I was you know 2 months 3 months
90 days clean which I've never had in my
life and you know he had felt on the
believable so I just I just stuck with
it you know yeah I'm 11 months later 11
months 11 days you know feels good by
decreasing the possibility of a fatal
overdose narcan is increasing the chance
that an addict will eventually go into a
recovery it might take years as I did
with Bobby but decades ago this option
didn't even exist and in many parts of
the country it still doesn't if Bobby
had overdosed just across the border in
New Hampshire where narcan is only
available to medical professionals
there's a good chance he may not have
survived
but it's not as simple as just passing a
law state medical boards police unions
and other relevant agencies all have to
be on board
and while narcan is starting to gain
mainstream acceptance progress has been
slowed and the states that have the
greatest number of fatal overdoses
currently have no narcan programs to
speak us and that's the tragic part of
the story bureaucracy and politics
standing in the way of a drug that can
be administered by just about anyone and
can give a person on the break of death
one more chance to turn their life
around
