it's Tuesday December second and here's
some revenues beyond the headlines the
United Nations can no longer afford to
feed nearly two million Syrian refugees
across the Middle East threatening to
make life in camps during the winter
months even harsher the World Food
Program distributed food vouchers to
displace Syrians in Turkey Lebanon
Jordan Iraq and Egypt but many donor
commitments haven't been fulfilled the
agency says it needs 64 million dollars
to support the program in December alone
and that without additional funding the
refugees could starve a public safety
video released by Hungarian police to
tackle sexual violence has some women
wondering who's to blame one of three
videos in a series dubbed selfie shows a
group of girls out on the town drinking
dancing and socializing before one of
them is apparently raped it ends with a
slogan you are responsible you can do
something about it women's groups and
civil rights activists have launched a
campaign urging authorities to take the
video down because they say it shifts
part of the blame on sexual assault
victims a claim that police and
government officials have denied Human
Rights Watch has warned that Hungarian
police have a track record of negligence
towards victims of sexual abuse some of
Moldova's young people see a brighter
future in the European Union on Monday
members of the youth of Moldova movement
marched in the capital Kisha now in
support of reunification with Romania an
EU member since 2007 Moldova signed a
partnership agreement with the EU in
June parliamentary elections held on
sunday in the former Soviet country
plays three pro-european parties in the
lead with forty-four percent which is
enough to form a government but the
pro-russian Socialist Party received
more than twenty one percent of the vote
alone indicating that many in one of
Europe's poorest countries still favor
closer ties with moscow
as leaders from more than 190 nations
gather in Peru's capital Lima for a
two-week UN climate conference
scientists are warning of the
devastating impact warming temperatures
have had on the country's glaciers over
the past four decades nearly 2,700
glaciers in the Andes Mountains have
shrunk by forty percent because of
climate change at the current rate
that's a loss of 62 feet a year in the
short term the melting has created about
a thousand high altitude lakes
increasing the chances of avalanches
mudslides and flooding disasters and
officials caution that in the long run
the melting poses significant threats to
the country's drinking water supply as
well as energy and food security check
out the vice needs YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world you
drill down you drill horizontally you
blast a high volume up with this water
abuse of chemicals inside the gas seeps
back you seal it all up with cement you
walk away a watch a game with a guy with
the most power money and influence wins
