it's Monday December first and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
an Egyptian judge dismissed murder and
corruption charges against former
president Hosni Mubarak on Saturday a
decision that fueled protests across the
capital robotic was charged with the
killing of hundreds of protesters during
the 2011 revolution that ended his
30-year rule the judge said too much
time had elapsed since the alleged
crimes were committed for the court to
rule on the case
Mubarak his security chief and six aides
were cleared of any wrongdoing later in
the evening security forces fired tear
gas and bird shot at crowds of more than
a thousand liberals and Islamists
gathered around Cairo Steve's Square to
protest against the decision at least
two people were killed and several
others injured at least 35 prisoners
died of drug overdoses in western
Venezuela over the weekend
last week inmates at the David Viloria
Penitentiary in Lara State started
rioting over poor conditions and alleged
abuse by prison staff after robbing the
pharmacy
more than a hundred prisoners became
sick from a cocktail of pure alcohol
antibiotics and anti-seizure and blood
pressure medications nearly 20 are in
critical condition the prosecutor's
office says at least one prison worker
faces charges over the deaths
anti-government sentiment is growing in
Haiti as the Caribbean nation slips
deeper into political crisis riot police
clashed with demonstrators in the
capital port-au-prince on Friday and
Saturday as thousands demanded that
President Michel Martelly stepped down
Martelli was supposed to call local and
legislative elections in 2011 but he
never did because the Senate didn't
approve a law to authorize the vote if
the poll isn't held by January 12th of
next year Parliament will automatically
dissolve and the president can then rule
by decree Martelli has appointed a
commission to advise on how to protect
the government from complete collapse
they're expected to return with answers
by the end of the week
some of the world's top AIDS researchers
say it's only a matter of time before a
cure is found an estimated 35 million
people worldwide are living with
hiv/aids scientists at the University of
Miami have spent years dissecting the
virus to determine what components could
help wipe the disease out one case in
Germany has so far had the most success
Timothy Brown known as the Berlin
patient became HIV negative after
receiving a mutated gene that blocked
the virus from reproducing in his body
scientists say engineering a virus would
be the most promising way to deliver
that gene on a global scale that is to
fight virus with virus check out the
best news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world I don't agree with
the writing in the you know the violent
protesting and all that good stuff
but I mean you have to remember that
these scars are deep in our community is
and they feel like they didn't receive
the justice that they should have so we
got a lot of work to do
