it's Thursday November 27 and here's
some of the news beyond the headland
gunman in southwest Pakistan have shot
and killed for health workers
participating in a polio vaccination
drive police say two men on a motorcycle
attacked three women and their male
driver in the city of Quetta polio
remains endemic in only three countries
in the world Pakistan Nigeria and
Afghanistan the number of new cases in
Pakistan has more than quadrupled to 260
from last year efforts to eradicate the
disease are frequently targeted by the
Taliban who view vaccination drives as a
cover for West and spies Syrian
government planes bombed the de facto
capital of the Islamic state on Tuesday
rows of body bags lined the streets of
wrecker after multiple airstrikes killed
nearly a hundred people half of which
are believed to be civilians it was one
of the most intense assault on the city
since Islamic state militants drove
government forces out of the area in
late August
Colombian prisons are using the power of
the Arts to improve inmates outlook on
life for the second year in a row troops
of prisoners have performed plays at the
National Theatre in Bogota it's part of
a program aimed at increasing
rehabilitation rates for inmates of the
country's overcrowded and unsafe prisons
most of the men and women in the program
are locked up on drug charges they say
taking the stage has given a hope that a
better future awaits them Peruvian
authorities have seized a shipment of
nearly 800 pounds of cocaine after
chasing down a Bolivian plane the
single-engine Cessna crashed on saturday
in the na apurimac valley where the UN
estimates more than 200 tons of the drug
are produced every year police believe
the pilot was a Peruvian national check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries around the world is that
what we assume he's living under the
Islamic state it's what he wanted to do
but I think definitely he wanted to go
to the Islamic state and he were to live
there and we have his children that you
know witnessed the Sharia he said that
to most of the media he even said he was
willing to give up his citizenship so
it's no surprise really that he said it
up there
you
