it's just not fair I have nothing to do
with this but I will be a target and if
they come in I will stay in my ground
and we have the weapons to do it
so behind me is the courthouse in
Clayton that's where the grand jury is
meeting to decide whether or not to
indict Daniel Wilson we're about a
10-minute Drive from Ferguson but it's
pretty different around here the median
income here is 88,000 the median come
there 37,000 and you can you know see
the difference in just the streets
itself and the little shops the
storefronts all around here and we've
seen that you know people they are
scared people here are pretty fearful to
gun shops are sold out
business owners are boarding up their
shops over here there's a lot of fear
people are going to some pretty extreme
measures and taking you know doing some
pretty crazy things to protect
themselves in their property we're
pulling up right now to meet out Prince
and David hake al is a local business
owner who owns a wine and cheese shop a
block away from the courthouse and
Clayton where the grand jury is deciding
and David is a friend of his a former
Vietnam vet and self-styled watchdog and
they've been gearing up for what they
think is going to happen hey how you
doing Danny the situation is that you've
got the you've got the store and David's
into coming with you to help you protect
the store once I was told that it's
maybe best that you board your store up
then that the insurance needs to take
care of it then the insurance needs to
take care of it and I'm like no this is
not right I'm supposed to stay at home
16 miles away and possibly watch people
carrying boxes of wine or breaking
everything in my store and just saying
well come the next day and clean up and
I just said I cannot do this this is the
12-gauge that iceberg which you know
Jeff I don't avoid and this holds six
shells and they'll move a chair across
this floor with you in it so we have
fourteen of these and we could actually
bring three or four more but I think
this
and you've got a ton of cash too as well
yeah you have we got $15,000 okay why
why do you have I mean doesn't that make
the store more of a target if you are
nice people are going to know but why
would you need that much cash we hope we
don't need it like the guns but if we
need it we're going to have it so you're
expecting just a complete system failure
all around which means I must never know
what you need cash
you're not be getting overrun you take
some guys today man there's five grand
give us passage you see how about ten I
see you got it they're gone you know
yeah we're out of ammunition and we
don't have anything and said you know
you get us out safely I'll give you
another 40 how many rounds you up
twenty-five hundred
if you guys want out of a munitions can
be a bad day forever in addition it's a
bad day at Black Rock you got it yeah
that is not gonna be good but you don't
feel uncomfortable with all these guns
and you know ammunition and all that
being inside the store yeah it does I'm
not a gun person you know I don't hunt
don't kill animals don't shoot anything
I don't want to shoot anything but this
is my livelihood
I mean if someone's going to you know
break through our barriers I'm gonna
have to do what I have to do and live
with the consequences much more scary
thing to kill you really that bad but I
just don't see that happening like I
think you know people would look at
someone stockpiling all these guns in
their store I'd be like that person's
kind of lost that maybe they're behaving
a little crazy I mean how would you
respond to that
better safe than sorry I mean expect the
worst I mean I hope all I have to uses a
bullhorn
that's all I want to use it's just not
fair I have nothing to do with this but
I will be a target and if they come in I
will stay in my ground and we have the
weapons to do it
so you've had a change of mind recently
you've kind of decided and I'm looking
around the shotguns aren't here the
ammunition isn't here yeah you're right
I made the wrong decision and when I
told my parents what I wanted to do they
got very upset naturally I told my
lawyer what I wanted to do he thought
that that was not the right answer then
I just realized that no no you know no
one's life is worth it for property I
don't think that's going to happen
anyway and and you know my plan is to be
outside of the store talking to people
shaking hands you know and hopefully
that's all we're going to do but you
know business will be open as usual the
first time you made that decision that
you actually wanted to bring guns into
the store and protect your store what
was going on in your head I honestly
thought that I love this store and this
business so much that I would be willing
to put my life on the line for this
store and to protect it to the very end
and it just kind of snowballed and you
know when you looked at you know all the
weapons that we were going to bring in
here and you know 2,500 rounds of
shotgun shells I mean that this is crazy
absolutely crazy things got a little out
of hand I mean what our other business
owners saying around here are you aware
of other people arming themselves or you
know fortifying their stores in a
similar way that you had planned to I
believe that there's so many concealed
carry permit owners in this town that
you know most of the jewelry stores and
other little prominent stores I believe
they all will be armed but you all you
think they're all going away in their
store and just be be ready yes I do
I'm probably sure most of the places
that are boarded up while the jewelry
stores I'm sure they aren't going to be
in their stores with guns
it's just I've chosen that that's just
not what I'm going to do
2,500 rounds of ammunition to none I
think I'm doing the right thing
