this is one elevated street this is the
street where the students the
normalistas
were stopped by municipal police the
initial shooting occurred on this street
as three of the buses were coming up
this way to get to this Main Avenue and
this is where the shootings occurred the
police ambushed in Iguala where six
people were killed and 43 students were
disappeared understandably shocked
Mexico but if police officers carried
out the attack then someone likely
ordered them to do it jose luis abarca
became mayor of Iguala in 2012 on
september 26 the day of the attack his
wife Maria de los ángeles Panetta was
scheduled to hold a political event
meant to bolster her chances to succeed
her husband as mayor in 2015 according
to accounts by federal investigators
ibaka ordered the police to stop the IOT
novice students from potentially
disrupting his wife's event as he
empanadas dance with hawala residents
just a few blocks away municipal police
were opening fire on the buses the
mayor's wife prosecutors later said had
family links to a local drug gang called
Guerrero's Unidos or united warriors
guerrero sonidos had split from the
larger beltrán Leyva cartel and is
involved in marijuana and poppy
production in Guerrero federal officials
called the mayor's wife
the chief operator of the cartel inside
Iguala City Hall allegedly funneling
money from the gang to the police on
September 30th four days after the
police attacks for service a vodka
requested a leave of absence and soon
after he and his wife vanished
since the students disappeared volunteer
search parties began scouting the
hillsides around you Ella and search for
any sign of them these volunteers belong
to a community police force that emerged
in recent years in the state and is
known by its Spanish acronym oh boy they
told us the authorities were useless in
the search for the missing students and
that they would not stop until they
found the students themselves mr.
Parrillo consisted in a busca de la
havana desaparecidos asesina mi lugar es
donde no i ually her sittin in La Marina
yeah yeah vivo aqui la gente más
comienzan osteen que hemos venido aquí
sin armas sin I dia estamos en frente no
con el gobierno nosotros ænima nada mas
and plein de busca de tus cosas para
sido a few days later the first of the
mass graves around you while I was found
we went to check out one of these graves
with a group of oboe egg volunteer
searchers this area is called Puerto
Viejo
behind me this hill right here in that
one is where the first of the mass
graves that may be linked to the case of
these missing 43 students is located
then locals basically know this area in
these hills behind me as a clandestine
cemetery
these hillsides according to the state
police officer is basically the
territory of at least four different
criminal groups that operate here and
get right off one of them of course
would be those gonna rattle some needles
I can only imagine the fear and the
terror that any victim might have felt
walking up here on this March of death
to a grave where they were placed and
and buried along with dozens of other
people so this is what it has come to in
the state of Guerrero here you have
civilians a community police force
volunteers without weapons
conducting their own search for possible
victims of the you wala police attack
policía de la policia would happen a
Covino so troppo del pueblo we're
sitting here waiting for human rights
workers to come up here and verify and
begin documenting the discovery of this
other grave that may or may not be
related to the case of the missing
Normandy says students but in any case
reflects what has been said before that
Mexico itself has become a clandestine
graves and while these men are up here
volunteering and searching for victims
on their own Mexico's government is
essentially playing catch-up to the work
of volunteers as we're seeing today
location of course I can control my
hockey it is someone's command of
English cassava Rancho so another thing
that we've noticed along this pathway
leading up to the grave is really an
abundance of forensic trash garbage you
can see here biohazardous waste I'm not
a forensics expert but I would say that
this is probably not the best way to get
rid of this waste here in this
investigation scene we emit a unified
professionalism principal mental assault
aurea's de aquila guerrero Nanta model
identification
ibis cocina de koalas el proceso en
Exuma seoane el proceso de
identificación massive Oh chaotic OSE
roto problema y los estudiantes y los
padres Familia propuesto es una keep
external case el equipo Argentine
anthropology France apparently called us
in la investigación the Argentine
forensic anthropology team has been
invited to massacre investigations
you know Salvador Congo Bosnia Colombia
and many other countries parents said
that would trust no one else back with
the volunteer search parties we
witnessed firsthand some of the
challenges they faced working in the
hillsides around
a companion Diego residual a map
Telefonica because the no stopping
ominous and oh le dijo que tenía la
orden de matar toda la weekend
wattanaram to forget the moons of Eagle
America apparently we are being watched
by someone else so it just kind of gets
to the question who's really in charge
here
but is it when you will of think another
way Laplace Talia keep you need openness
when you say you know Co me it is the
neighborhood
million yen per little accordions pork a
noncom freedom and Helen Basile alicante
in Navigon Allah favorites es una comida
y la notte oh la Maria's politicals into
companion political and cedar finance
Iago stumbled upon the delinquency you
were on financially calm eleven hacer
para a federalist Urania even acquainted
pendiente hora de nueva cuenta que la
solución de los problemas la solución de
la Cruz iam the solution delinquency
instead Manuel
we return to the IOT Napa campus to meet
parents and relatives of the missing as
the day's ticked on without any sign of
the 43 normalistas there we met Philippe
de la Cruz Sandoval a graduate of the
IOT Napa school and a parent of one of
the surviving students but our nosotros
alga villainous Italian municipal wastes
represent a la máscara del crimen the
lac rural dot click in el estado más
nuevo el gobierno same filter odd oo
Alden are getting Vidal con el gobierno
pasilla Montano yonkoma given LaRocca
material now e in Mathare did a
suppressor estudiantes porque yo somos
un delito perpetrator por el estado from
policia loose aluminum on october 11 as
more mass graves were being discovered
around Iguala
uncle Aguirre the governor of Guerrero
announced that none of the 28 human
remains so far found in the known pits
belonged to any of the missing students
see let's boil a film at que los cuerpos
que de acuerdo con no sabes que siguen
demo spirit a case in materia forensic
no for responding and for an eternity
Napa protesters meanwhile clamored for
aguilar his resignation blaming him for
the lack of governability and rule of
law in their state on October 22nd it's
enough us students and parents marched
on Aguada
and their first return to the scene of
the crimes after the students and
parents had left other masked
individuals looted and torched a Wallace
City Hall
it was unclear who these other guys were
but local residents and journalists
speculated that they might have been
sent by the governor or some needles
drug gang or even sent by the government
to discredit the otherwise peaceful
demonstration this group moved over to a
mall linked to the mayor of Yala and
also ransacked
after about an hour of this looting
federal police finally arrived but by
then people had run off with flat-screen
tvs and cell phones on October 23rd
governor Aguirre responded stepping down
he said to allow the investigation to
continue freely para para hacer UN
climate oolitic o que pone de la
atención y la solución de esta screwy
dades el diario II era sido so list our
licencia a loner ablai congreso del
estado
we have pork are you kidding sorry el
caso ya Camino esta muerto you know the
time comes I dunno tell you some people
so far all of the search efforts had
focused on finding the remains of
possibly murdered students but the
parents were adamant that the efforts
should focus on finding their son's
alive sequel stealing caparison
porque you system even when she was the
ending oh yes damn be lost even more
frustrated than ever on October 29th the
parents of the missing students traveled
back to Mexico City to meet with
president Enrique Pena Nieto at Los
Pinos the presidential palace the press
wasn't allowed inside of the meeting but
one of the parents shot this footage on
a phone
we're definitely I mean de l'opéra de
familia - scones unto the Lord and run -
kuraki Pro tomorrow como arunoda cool so
mass delusion are you okay no I journal
akeli ineptitudes replica in the moment
to think I must attend a cuatro de la
desaparición de da de muchacho
see you wanna meet not as well they
could not find another the parents
refused to the rose be no Santo Pena
Nieto signed a document promising the
government would search for the students
alive and not as human remains
forgive me was a loss you borrowed
the parents exhausted angry returned to
our Yahtzee nappa and decided to gather
for another March demanding their
missing our returned is y el mundo
entero hit no bubbles of this concern
and sake taken comparison low score in
the dress normalistas on November 4th
the exa wala mayor and his wife were
apprehended in a rundown house in East a
palapa Mexico City the arrests may have
brought the authorities closer to
solving the case but for the IOT Napa
students and the parents of the missing
their struggle was just beginning
federal officials said that in this lot
behind this rusted fence there is
apparently another mass grave
authorities were led here based on the
testimony of four suspected members of
the Guerrero's Unidos cartel these four
individuals would be theoretically under
this line of investigation the last men
who saw these 43 missing students
