what I prefer via great ernamaria like
dating Lucas today Herrera approver
kaliesha obstacle easy question Tina so
I don't know what in a man hello Peter
get over there you're not broken after a
caterer we are
Bangladesh is one of the most densely
populated and impoverished countries in
the world while its emerging economy is
reliant on garment manufacturing in the
cities the majority of the population
live in rural feudal communities
according to a recent UN study
Bangladesh has one of the highest levels
of rape in the world with more than one
in eight men admitting to the crime
often these rapes are committed by
groups of men and in the most extreme
cases the victims are murdered
even though rape can be punishable by
death perpetrators are rarely
investigated or convicted so they remain
free to do it again instead of finding
justice these victims of horrific
violent acts are instead ostracized from
their families and communities and live
in a constant state of fear I'm on the
road to select to investigate a game
rake that have been happening throughout
the region the Salette region has a
population of over 10 million but there
are no official statistics for the
number of rape cases I went to meet the
local police commander on his daily
patrol to hear what steps he'd taken to
protect women in his community some
testicle Politico McConnell did it yeah
John McFarlane is my type mm-hmm
Lauren Sharma did Jerry goulash on Tashi
Delek a co-host for every night after
the rape a case you know show me key
unreported home knock on angry birds
Christian shops reported shop reported
canoe canoe show a mirepoix pineapple
thing no
what about banana the bottom geonet take
the American Oni oh boy I don't know I
wish I could take it on exterminated to
apologize
whatever ticklish how much you got on
you Lucas a mumbler at the darker edge a
new camera dual coordinates Buster what
I can do that understanding in math you
may enjoy sex silicon decay Oh a
janeshia college a how I do not give a
 bag method or second actually the
dose I mean very poor video very polemic
Sanders called involuntary me as a
director for tensioner a music app
novelty progenies Dukakis Tohno Takaki
Sakura Dona mo√ßa Regina he said that
when the rapes happened a majority of
the time it's the woman's fault and that
man
attraction will be limited based on how
the woman is portraying herself
I was concerned by the commander's claim
that rape was not a problem in his
district this culture of denial means
victims rarely receive justice and
rapists remain free and unpunished one
NGO insula is trying to intervene by
educating perpetrators attempting to
persuade them that rape is wrong hi I'm
TS
nice to meet you can you tell me a
little bit about how bad the situation
is for for women in Bangladesh this rape
situation had been constantly on a rise
but the situation is that we meant that
their cases are very on very much
underreported and what stuff has the
government taken to address this issue
the police they say okay we need proof
to file a case and that the proof has to
come from the medical examination which
is highly stigmatizing highly terrifying
for the girl or girl's family so where
are we headed to right now we are going
to meet three of the perpetrators who
have agreed to you know cover their face
but talk with us about their experiences
and how do they feel about meeting a
woman do they know their meeting about
whether she met I'm sure that where they
are not comfortable especially with the
woman what compels them to raped women I
think that the manhood in them they
think they can water
they can do whatever they like if they
find a woman in a situation my name is
Angelica now Elena
sanika
have you ever gang-raped women
what I see Jamna
apnic wiper Carson quite um I think each
passenger requested an Emmy mm-hmm
I mean one of I said what detail of the
valley let's see a police car available
and how are the women that they
gang-raped probably volatility I see you
so number one indicator
the work on the celestial phenomena that
I love to serve on official business
but they are not very high because to do
under that it would fit
okay
this way so why have an empty s yeah
since you know who they are why haven't
you gone to the police to turn them in
now that's our strategy I mean the basic
strategy two of us is like engaging with
any men
you can acknowledge whatever you did so
what you guys have sympathy for them no
it's not
of course not sympathy it is the arch to
change how can you trust that they're
not going out and yeah
the police is denied the case has
happened the the system is not
functioning the police authority law
enforcement is not functioning the
society is not separating so what else
we could do according to Bangladeshi law
rape is illegal and punishable by life
in prison or even death but there
appears to be little respect for this
law as it is rarely enforced by the
police
what does command great respect here are
the teachings of Islam local Imams play
a key role in shaping the cultural
values and attitudes of men we're about
to meet with an imam outside of the
mosque in rural filete they don't let
women inside women aren't allowed to
pray over here so we're gonna hear its
perspectives on gang rape and women
that's a month sample dignities book the
reason he seems nervous is not telling
me where he wants me the skin
why are they praying why are they
staring at
Salam alaikum Alton he wants me to stand
away from him
Jay method guru door Shahi Italy wanna
hire a shaman the grounders with uniform
on a sec honey blower sleep will about
cars
Karen Xena what a lot of blood I mean
bolin Lezyne acosta Ganesha taco al
awwalin means this current formula
Phillip Ravenna from the site of an
arbitrary two maybe three Salafi Naruto
Sakura bay area of Karen Rosalyn Mara
Montiel a man whose mother is not one at
best look at of Akuma knows not attack a
Cooper to this final coma helical to
define a tiny cell phone Odile xenical -
well now ashlyn-kalies Davina not a
caustic abyss attack me J Meera Bai lei
o'clock Laguna rat rubella is a keen one
higher ticket eat more like a
psychological Lake Tahoe no push little
tardy single day
Marina for a Telemundo for our colony
TARDIS did I hear say I would Rock
toboggan car would this party started
what unlocked apartment I'll be that
shaky gonna be a movie like a money wash
new Gotham no no I'm not just according
Islamiyah he la casa amarela they come
home have attacked the her Mahela to
destroy mother's day for the coup she
does it's a poetic motor shape Alan
Coren Ito tenets that they're gonna do
short teleport the Karina padded door
chasse Kim - JA report the poor egg
array a tighter corners version hi Pat
the door shoe is I'm gonna put the
courage no some cons gonna do some
karina brother so crazy about the tacky
as a reporter karina telugu notice una
carrera zero down on her
I just might get out of you
all the male authority figures that I
have spoken to have been rationalizing
why rape happens and shifting the blame
onto the women themselves it seems that
the men in charge are trivializing rape
in their communities and projecting the
image of a pure god-fearing society but
rape is a violent crime no matter how
you try and justify it and there is
always a victim and a perpetrator often
victims don't speak about their
experience for fear of shaming and
retaliation with community members
pressuring them not to tarnish the
family honour we were told that a victim
named Rehema was willing to share her
story
we're on our way to meet a woman who was
allegedly gain weight by five men and
we're gonna hear about her experience
but she lives on the other side of this
river so we have to take this motorboat
to get to her in order to do anything in
Bangladesh you need the approval of
respected local men we were forced to
bring with us half a dozen chaperones
who despite having nothing to do with
Rahim as case had to be present for us
to be able to speak to her we're picking
up someone else here from here that one
nothing it's not too many people right
where they live it seems strange that so
many men has to be present and that the
politics of the community were more
important than Rehema dignity we're
getting permission from the village
leader to talk to her
and he say it's a very sensitive issue
and our fixer is trying to his mind
again I don't see a shot at sunrise and
washing question Okita was denied a
rapport
I've not gave me to discover we're at
the affinity with Silla way to be shown
there right - whenever right right Kasey
Oh Tony you know summer gotta be
architects tough guys the medieval what
about the OT in Telugu so exactly what I
could already our great enemy yeah like
dating your cousin Tom immerses herself
a little kid mercy nearby the nice
cooker Ric Hara new body new scooter
nice crust alabanza birthday today we're
sure our approval Kuleshov tactics
Gavin nothing the Kolkata is a poison
Tina so I don't imagine your name and
he'll pick up a virgin right here enough
my mother showed me my new hiya do de
Armas answer does not refer we then tell
Barker the Dana an Altima
tera mera mera hurry ten day and even
know what they are - a little Vesalius
natural circus again we write ever Laden
I don't even know your secret
black madonna ahead and then once the
way doesn't mean the wondering where we
are don't get on anything
one minute what're you doing I'm gonna
get arrested after a high Budokan after
I get out we are outside the crowd of
men was growing with more showing that
all the time asking what was going on we
were worried that one of them might know
the rapist local an endorser nails on
the door see Antonia coming back even
her even receiver back a little
panic fire Nautica a fun idea to her
were lucky police kike no beverage hi
Joker stamina high police to tackle it
down it's a cursed a man please lady he
kids like here at the pond to honor it
was heartbreaking to go in there and
speak to her she was treated worse than
an animal and it made me realize how
vulnerable women are in this country
the victims of rape are primarily the
poorest members of society while the
perpetrators often come from more
powerful families Rehema was targeted
because she is poor and her rapist could
assume they would get away with it
having spoken with two perpetrators who
admitted to gang rape and Rehema whose
rapist had not been convicted I had to
go back to the police commander to
confront him with what I had found day
at a major place Tomica need to take a
bold look at our rapist rah rah Sakata
had to say hakuna matata at Apollo moon
I make good luck gang rapists I mean I'm
neither took a backseat that I am namely
good to say rape tape Korea they perish
with me for a a Samina oh the whole
opera by name and the hajj epic rap
community what's up hi I'm in Egypt
Chaka Dixie a tie me up Nicky Barbara
both the same midget jockey Dixie gang
rapists are good to say no it was good
enough now quite a convicted criminal as
the gang rape a convicted criminal
come on Victor a monthly yearly yearly
Valen yell denominator Peralta Monty
Monty must have got emotional no numbers
talking again cuckoo cuckoo money boss
shouldn't do that of attempted anything
Boyan
I'm gonna conjure in gently Bobbi
Gilardi hit a gay icon I wanted salami
door to door push Chaka Chaka put the
attack Eastwatch a genie cool about that
I'm gonna stomach mine Sasha understand
under it Young Money
Islamic Minaj Tamra chilli so turn it a
portico lemon wanna email protocol
access to come ho ho amudha direct
access token it the poor ducky a
meezerman nikeyra wishy no nada
bishop oh okay Aramis bakudan good wake
her up soon they will be so all the
authority
method oh she can never love mirror a
maritime a mere a comedic or
named dick mother who cares
v√°manos Jacque Lakota Sarah Trey it
Ordos Kemna hello
the police are supposed to be public
servants for this community but instead
of protecting the women I think they are
blaming the women by saying that they're
not covering enough and that's why the
men are getting aroused and raping the
women and I also find it hard to believe
that they have no unreported cases
because they only have 50 officers to
patrol and take care of 1 million people
within this district by continuing to
lay the responsibility formally on the
woman for attracting gang rape on
herself to many of those in power are
complicit and allowing men to rape
freely and without consequence
continuing a destructive cycle of
violence on its women children and
national psyche until there is a
cultural change shifting the
responsibility on the perpetrator there
will be no justice for rape victims
