and opiate is an opiate I don't care
which one it is every one of them will
kill you
everyone that I know dinero on and
unfortunately with that habit you get
sick when you stop doing it how many
times have you overdosed 14 they don't
even think about overdosing all they
think about is not being sick years ago
we would just arrest the rest the rest
and we wore out a lot of handcuffs and
it just doesn't work
we lost dozens of the dozens of friends
a lot of overdoses and we didn't have
the answer back then you know we didn't
have not Kim it's like magic I mean it's
it's bringing someone back to life and
giving them another chance you know this
is a miracle drug in the first 18 months
of the program we were able to reduce
the death rate by 66 percent every time
I've ever used Mike and I thought the
person was going to die and after
innocent or not can they come children
if there wasn't that can available I
wouldn't be here and not only like would
I not be
but my mother would be without a son
