the Sutro que este caso Vienna Valencia
in Mexico Ralph he told us to see to
system market for my premiere
salami que los cuerpos astillero parados
rosary doses Tyrande sangrando
for Mazda sinkers
this is the angel of independence
monument on paseo de la reforma the most
important most symbolic Avenue here in
Mexico City right now thousands of
people have gathered to protest the
disappearance of 43 teaching students in
the southern state of Guerrero and the
killing of six others most of them are
all enrolled in one school yell to not
back Normal School now this school is
known nationally for its ardently
leftist beliefs and practices this case
has stunned Mexico to new levels of
outrage and anger expressed over this
matter and while the President of Mexico
Enrique Pena Nieto has promised that
justice will be served in this case
right now the Isleton about normal
school students and many human rights
defenders and supporters and many cities
across Mexico are gathering today to
protest the case that seems to point to
the utter corruption and the lack of
rule of law that seems to pervade Mexico
even to this day
we're standing at the monument for
Mexico's national flag here in the city
of iguala guerrero and historically the
city is known in Mexico as the
birthplace of the national flag now of
course it is known as a site of tragedy
we're here to understand how this
incident occurred and what Mexico's
authorities are doing to respond to it
on the afternoon of September 26 a group
of about 100 students from the IOT Napa
Normal School traveled in a caravan of
buses to the city of Iguala about two
hours north
these buses were not officially rented
but commandeered by the students in a
practice that had become commonplace
the students were headed to a while to
take over more buses they said they
needed to attend an upcoming protest in
Mexico City
at about 9:00 p.m. the students caravan
was heading out of the city when they
were cut off by police cars then the
firing started police shot
indiscriminately toward the three buses
at nesto Guerrero one of the survivors
of the police attack told us what
happened that night
cuando Cruces SoCal Salinas Primera's
Patraeus in person action also service
intercept angle Tercero tobu single file
Joe even in with a mental personal
Apsaras display knows empezamos a
defender con Piedras nosotros
Connaughton contra Mo's yeah parte del
retiro Mo's que por que no disparado c
nosotros tenemos
Selma's in your quest for gefilte the
only visual record of the shootout is
this video shot by one of the students
on his cell phone
adelante policías Xavier
I mean company all doing me detrimental
in a cabeza Caillou atonement a stock
omerta cetera yeah Dragonic in a
molecular many students flair but others
could not get away while a police
officer is reloading them for today's
vehicles at the Film Forum summit even
think I knew nada
DeRozan Ivanka come here ii ii ii ii ii
Arriva in KL on the lava trojan Guevara
and Petrea collision 185 these students
being loaded onto police vehicles with
later total 43 and these young teacher
trainees have not been heard from since
several hours later around midnight
local reporters and human rights
investigators arrived at the scene then
a second round of gunfire erupted coming
from unidentified men in trucks
three innocent bystanders in a separate
bus and in a taxi were killed we do
photo solace a leading attorney at that
watching Nolan Human Rights Center in
Guerrero said flagrant violations of
basic rights occurred that night one
another primarily some person
quadrotors in my ninguna interview not
poppin in axiom the leaf fell apart Omar
Maria's present Ivana the cerca del
lugar crota here in Louie prop the hair
la gente que stay this way my unison de
gracia disposal hace una lección
well when a pasar of cuatro horas
hurricane hunter as a comparison estamos
hablando de que los cuerpos estuvieron
dourados los dedos we're on the Sangram
news for Mazda sinkholes they saw no
solid una in Valencia in contrarian
presented to Napa rural normal schools
like this one in ayotzinapa our
academies established in impoverished
areas to help train country teachers
historically they have been at the
forefront of many social movements and
are often organized around communist
principles concrete Amenti contra la
normal IANA stigmatization via unit
tendencia
a la criminalization the Nachman our
unit tendency ax l dismantle and into a
suitable person for cannot respond the
obviamente el Modelo economical
implementable in the f-4s de gobierno to
understand the roots of those conflicts
we traveled here to the raul Ysidro
Burgos ayotzinapa Normal School we
wanted to understand the school's
history and its state of affairs now
une Rikishi tapara ingress our Alice
normals reduce no solamente Lackey
Chino and me well Pais Rekha cito
principalis cerejo the campus in
machinery co the campesino por lo menos
el hijo de Pablo's Guerrero aqui estoy
en el elicit education primary on we met
another student representative who yell
Gomez who agreed to show us around the
ayotzinapa campus and the rooms were
some of the missing students lab aqui
aqui Nemo
you know that Co because it can we
discuss on our location de the most
cameras called Ronnie's the material in
masks in a lo lo más importante no la
sala de la compañía de de primera god oh
my chop pass the new mr. Bonelli condado
blow kilo company doing a peaceful night
comas no lo kids toys a keener
determinism their key is required to the
Uno's company roasted soybeans in
Quentin is a Parsi dose on bears because
of Toby's the Nike tennis your oppa Phil
my lettuce he puts it in a medieval kilo
company lost another
Mucha station he said I'm okay to be a
key
Travis goin to anicon putos Allegra
viendo it was written a medieval kilo
company on Amazon's which causes in o so
emo
Jersey case I go Quran the MOOC to
karahi and interpretation focus on
quality this company
Camus Guillermo yet we're under
Regulation
these are some of the many murals that
adorn the IOT Napa normal school campus
this individual here is Lucia cabanas
who was a guerilla leader here in
Guerrero actually graduate of this
normal school they have messages of
revolution of struggle and of memory for
the victims of previous government acts
of repression that have occurred against
these students el estado siempre visto
ayotzinapa comme un poco Rojo no
solamente in guerrero ciento de la
nación porque aquí los custodian sake
say no salah facility a poner knows al
to Porto con quien SE de responder
lacking say Demerara dos ojos sakunthaia
yes our defender knows confrontations
between ayotzinapa students and the
authorities had become constant over the
years in fact the attack and Iguala
wasn't the first time that authorities
in guerrero have opened fire against a
Yahtzee novice students on December 12
2011 an IOT Napa blockade of the Federal
Highway between Mexico City and the
postal resort the buckle ended in
bloodshed when state judicial police
shot and killed two students another man
was seriously burned after the
protesters set fire to a gas station and
weeks later he died of his injuries
youkai Ito's en la historia de guerrero
que nos nos vanna's table siendo
mementos historic coaster como fueron a
corriendo las mas actors detrás de la
unidad tenemos un gobierno tor otário
movie are no Kiseki young gobierno
federal koalas actors you know in the
days that followed the mayor of Iguala
jose luis abarca
began facing tough questions over his
responsibility for the attacks on the
students on September 28th twenty-two
municipal police officers were placed
under arrest in connection to the hawala
shootings two days later the mayor
requested a leave of absence and then
quietly slipped out of town and I can
only imagine the fear and the terror
that any victim might have felt walking
up here on this March of death to a
grave where they were placed and and
buried along with dozens of other people
okay so no force I can confirm happy it
is Thomas Thomas que estaba Alto
