it's wednesday november nineteenth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines Bangladeshi authorities say
they've rescued a record number of
people being smuggled by traffickers in
the country's coastal waters in one day
Navy officers found more than 600 people
from both bangladesh and myanmar aboard
a commercial fishing boat near the town
of Cox's Bazar authorities say
trafficking victims in the region are
often kidnapped and taken to jungle
hideouts in Thailand where they're held
for ransom if the ransoms aren't paid
they say they're often killed or sold as
slaves the Human Rights Watch has
accused police in the Democratic
Republic of the Congo of carrying out
mass executions and abductions last year
police launched Operation loco feat to
crack down on criminal gangs in the
capital Kinshasa the rights group says
witnesses claim officers involved in the
operation publicly executed at least 51
unarmed men to try to intimidate locals
another 33 are said to have disappeared
last month the government rejected
similar but lesser claims made by a UN
Office based in the country following
tuesday's report the interior minister
promised to investigate the allegations
all buena vida loca Toledo Italian
police have for the first time secretly
filmed an initiation ceremony of one of
the country's most feared crime
syndicates grainy footage released on
Tuesday appears to show the swearing-in
of mobsters of the enduring gotta mafia
a boss leading the ritual tells the men
who were promoted to an elite ranking
called Santa that are expected to
execute themselves should they stray
from the end regattas code of conduct
the video led authorities to arrest 40
suspected gangsters and raids across
northern Italy and served as further
proof that the powerful group has
expanded operations from its southern
stronghold in the Calabria region
because my mom was protecting me a
sobering report claims that more
American kids are homeless today than
ever before according to the National
Center on family homelessness 1 in 30
children in the u.s. lived on the
streets at some point in 2013 a
comprehensive state-by-state study
released on Monday blames the rising
figure on high poverty rates the lack of
affordable housing and the impact of
domestic violence the report says that
while the government has six
cessfully reduced homelessness among
veterans and other adults children and
families haven't received the same
attention check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world that's a stupid thing I'm not
allowed to grow with myself I'm not
allowed to buy it I'm not allowed to
transport it if they should catch me
then directly I have a stamp criminal
and because I have criminal all the
money I make are out of criminal
activities so then I have to pay them
back and that's an amount that I cuts
off the robot
