repression is much worse than ever
and more people who have endeared them
to get that vote pertussis Alameda at
least 19 people listen every night every
night the last three years I don't work
in the bad news and principle that
sounds fun
Bahrain is a tiny island nation on the
eastern coast of Saudi Arabia in the
Persian Gulf since 2011 it's been rocked
by political protests getting inside is
hard foreign journalists and mostly
banned from the country to get access to
the protests I had to go in undercover
posing as a tourist as soon as I arrived
protesters were gathering this is the
last Friday of Ramadan so it's how goods
day but it's also a political protest
and they're saying it might well be met
by the police in the same way it always
is just by being here as quite at this
rally this is a criminal act and you're
gathering of more than five people
there's a criminal act and the
punishment is 5 years at least in prison
so as soon as they got anywhere near the
police station two or three riot fans
came forward and fired canisters of
ticket Havel and ran straight way that's
still it burning the eyes the throat the
nose the protests are telling me that at
least 19 people have died either through
suffocation or being hit directly
because they fired us that's close range
and this is happening every night and
has happened every night for the last
three years in 2011 a wave of
anti-authoritarian movements emerged
across the Middle East and beyond
because the Arab Spring is a massive
opportunity to spread peace prosperity
democracy and vitaly's security but only
if we really see is the opportunity
inspired thousands of Bahraini
took to the streets for any young person
who dreamed to see some serious changes
I felt it was my duty to participate
when I saw Tunisia and Egypt I thought
that moment then when the people decided
to do something when the people believed
in doing something there is nothing
could stop me at that moment we believe
in miracles we believe that all these
dictators now it's time for their end
the feeling of marginalization is the
engine the feeling of being
discriminated is the engine behind that
but white milk has come out in that huge
number is the revolution in Tunisia and
the success of that revolution that
followed by the Egyptian revolution we
could come out against dictatorship
Bahrain sit between Saudi Arabia and
Iran it's also home to the US Navy's 5th
fleet the strategically important an
oil-rich island enjoys good relations
with the West particularly the UK from
the beginning from day one we have
decided to remain peaceful and to be
peaceful and we think we should get the
advantage of that by getting support of
the Western government but in reality we
got the ignores the support I hoped for
never came
after a while there was a lot of initial
hesitation but then many Western
governments including David Cameron in
the UK Barack Obama obviously in the
u.s. did come out and make supportive
noises about their commitment to
democracy and human rights and the rule
of law Bahrain is interesting because of
course it's very close to the Saudis and
Western governments want to keep close
to the Saudis the Gulf is obviously very
important to these countries like the UK
because of oil and because of the sort
of the geopolitics and I think the
upshot of all that has been that the
poor people of Bahrain have basically
been overlooked and their concerns and
their rights have been pushed to one
side in the interests of security and
prosperity can you describe what
benefits Britain get from supporting the
dictatorship those ruling family are
guaranteeing them the interest they can
buy their silence by money they need our
Patrol they need the US to buy their
arms Nabil Rajab is the unofficial
leader of the movement he's been
arrested many times the first arrest
which is to try and silence all the all
the arrests three or five kids I have
it's all about my Twitter account but
the first time I let you go after a few
hours the second time I'm not very safe
I don't know why they just took me to
beat me and torture me and release me
but then again they about the Twitter
and I said something about the Minister
of Interior July 2012 security forces
arrived at his home then I was arrested
by masked man
I was sentenced for three years by court
directly they brought me in in very sad
tiny small room few feet by a few feet
the dirtiest ever and they asked me to
get naked and I got naked completely and
they asked me to stand and sit for over
fifty times and I have a back problem
I cannot stand and setec easily so they
knew that and they forced me to stand
and sit for quite a long time so that
hurt my back and then again I end up in
hospital after serving two years he was
released despite efforts to silence him
nabil continued his work they wanted to
punish me they had a lot of hatred
against me for talking for long time we
must have thought we're giving up
it's no no no even the British Embassy
in Bahrain asked my lawyer
I can guarantee them I'll keep quiet
they will work to my for my release only
if you promise to keep quiet if I
promise to keep quiet I said no and they
did not know bargaining on that I don't
bargain the values and principles that
I'm fighting for the British government
denies that any such offer was made
Nabil places much of the blame with the
Bahraini royal family I think they're
the richest royal family in the Gulf
region ruling the poorest nation in the
Gulf region we have a king who does have
all the power
Prime Minister is his uncle the crown
prince is his son and the defense a head
of defense the cousin is the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs the other cousin is the
Minister of Justice the other cousin
Ministry of Defence the King appointed
whoever he likes and they decide
everything we have form what is called
Parliament but reality this body does
not have any power to legislate and our
ability to change that is zero because
all the power
the King has it
his family nobody can change nobody can
do anything today there is a law you
cannot criticize the king I could end up
in jail
for seven years for doing so and there
are people now behind bars for
criticizing the king you can't do that
so every protest has a red line a point
which if they cross the police will
attack that red line is this main road
here they're going to march down it
towards a police station until they say
that
true to form security forces arrived
the peaceful protesters were dispersed
but later another group went out with no
intention of being discouraged so easily
the heavily militarized police responded
in kind
police use huge amounts of teargas the
protesters use homemade Molotov
cocktails and fireworks
so this isn't the Bahrain you see in the
glossy magazine adverts and the shiny
commercials for Formula One you are
ruled by a tribe which have ruled
Bahrain by invasion and they want to be
always as an invader you are according
to them as like a hostage to be
humilated you should not talk about
rights the whole world has changed
people start seeing TV start singing
machines in which we didn't see 20 years
ago people have hope and they want to
see that hope being done when the
movement first began its focal point was
the Pearl Roundabout
a monument in the heart of the capital
Manama we had the Pearl Roundabout
another model similar to Tahrir Square
in Egypt everyone just like they we
decided not to leave this place until we
see some serious changes it was the
dream you see the kids you see the LD
you see the doctors from all sects she
at Sony all of them come from various
directions together and we created this
massive power to say whatever they want
to say the happiness among the people
the whole this feeling of freedom this
feeling we had who know where at that
place no one could take away that from
us but we face rather than King coming
out of reform he invited the Saudi army
to come and take part in the crackdown
Bahrain's powerful allies Saudi Arabia
stepped in and peaceful protests soon
turned to bloodshed the fairly supported
the Bahrain is in dealing with this
disturbance this uprising as they saw it
there's no doubt of the political
support provided by the Saudis that
enabled the Bahraini security forces to
act that in the way in which they did
which was highly repressive and led to
people losing their lives in response
call to reform tentacles for revolution
on 17th of February the police decided
to remove to attack the protesters I was
there without any warning they started
beating the Brewin a brutal crackdown
began
people which are sleeping in their tents
at the 3:00 a.m. without warning the
police start attacking everyone and that
day four people were killed I was
severely injured the sign on my the
scars on my forehead is just the sign of
the beatings by the police from that
moment we had faced the worst time ever
our government our ruling family
empowered himself with mercenaries
abroad from outside to kill our own
people this what makes everyone upset
according to the Bahrain Center for
Human Rights roughly a hundred
protesters been killed since 2011
we've had people shot at the back of
their heads as they're fleeing from
protests we've had people beaten in the
street if we have thousands of people
who were sent off to prisons we have
people being dragged off with widespread
torture a very pervasive climate of fear
and it's not gone away
I wouldn't talk much about what I wanted
to but it was bad enough to see someone
who is in his 60s they explode his head
from one meter there was a message by
this government don't ever think of
coming to this place
don't ever thought of returning that is
your lesson and take it seriously they
wanted to create this horrific feeling
that no one should come back they were
mistaken one of the things that was
particularly appalling and deeply
disturbing was that when these cute
forces were sent into the center of
Manama to break up the protest the
medical professionals that were trying
to treat them were themselves then
attacked by some members of the security
forces and some of them were then
dragged off to prison I mean if you
attack the medics who attending to the
sick and the dying and the wounded what
what does that tell you tells you that
this is a government that is prepared to
prevent any free expression or peaceful
protest in the following months lengthy
and seemingly arbitrary jail sentences
were handed down
in late 2012 award-winning
photojournalist I met who maiden was
sentenced to 10 years in prison accused
of attacking a police station van went
back for a minute as we look on mr.
Levin no bomb wound up in Hong Kong most
enough a tough year ahead of Caracalla
turn yeoman Bergman article it certainly
had an alert account
I'm factor only con who a more beautiful
back without further study
I only know wonderful factor of the
wheeler norm solar model in Harbin
enough SIA
yeah an even harder as copy
you seem very proud of your son Navajo
do it
annachi Fatah Cleveland cool sparring
Morrow disorder no Oliver loud
electronic his name say my name Reda
ridiculous government second-stage
another cat ability from become sergeant
another generation lash of this August
I'm at sentence was upheld
he has always maintained his innocence
these people are incarcerated have been
given life sentences for calling
peacefully for political change it's you
know show me an international instrument
that says that's a crime it's not a
crime to call for peaceful reform that
is not a country that's prepared to have
proper scrutiny of its record it's a
government's clear got something to hide
back on the streets protests continuing
so that's your 40 round the ticket what
we can't see 10 feet in front of me and
there's louder bang GE
shotgun
but the moment personnel carriers is
making charges into these that's when
people get hit close range
where most of people are dying now
either from shotguns or tear gases hid
in their head or tear gas thrown inside
their house so they have killed a lot of
people who tear gas and they deny that
the cynics they they say no this guy has
died from heart attack or from certain
disease they haven't admitted so far
that they have told anybody with Tyrion
fourteen-year-old Ali jawad al-shaikh
was one such case in August 2011 Ali
attended a protest with his uncle when
he didn't return his father became
worried see the South we associate boss
boss when any silly know yet how sunny
about a bear village what does touch me
and I got hurt and hello soon job that
deficit well I should feel a Harlem
Harlem over there and it give the hurt
yes good hasta la Jose a liability shift
mm dude is serious mistake that will
happen tell me Jose we anniver I'm
valuable Yandy who you saw Janna master
 oh yeah tell I'm stashing a loss
following hey pal awesome sales the more
I like a lot right there is to Charlie
Danny
Mecosta Hey what
after he was killed did the government
of any representatives of the government
communicate with you in any way
yeah McCallum on net relax karna who
moon on mini himself I like hockey
I'll share we finish up pal yeah and oh
one
yeah and it's offered Yucatan we all go
to the zoo yeah any when we are formula
coated hotly we only can Nina's and LBO
the merge ceremonially Sahara data for
hominid Milan hopeful and filled with 39
people have died from misuse of tear gas
and high-speed tear gas canisters
according to physicians for Human Rights
police who are coming from Pakistan or
Syria or Jordan they start shooting and
killing everyone and then government
denies seeing that knowing that and if
people will go on complain they will end
up in jail it's not just hey gasps Ali
Aziza tender protests in 2011 FA da da
da da da
as Nashville a baccarat m CR a-- g
minnesota Conniff Kariba for jihad LG o
saddam Ali Shaheed Oh sodomy bill bill
Jadhav Yanni Sodom an actor Amara
al-assad renewal GG dar the cocktail as
law and Hannah Shaheed shall now be a
kiss as well so the policeman who was
driving the truck was he investigated or
tried or punished I hate that and are
there more Bahraini who can tomorrow I
will Barbara Bellini sabado
brightest Assad Shaheed Samar in little
harder suffer suffer all the most as a
father in the humble heart attack but as
you see he
place four by fours have been used as
weapons I myself went with four or five
witnesses who were with him in a protest
who saw the accident and all that I said
those are the people whom you looking
for the witness of sinned accident few
days later all of them were in jail so
the main protest is finished but the
Bravermans and also new projects right
next to a police station that's one of
the secret extensions a few years ago
the governor Bahrain agreed to reform
and they agreed that the prisons and
police stations could be inspected at
the same time they said at least three
secret prisons black sites
lots of evidence to suggest that that's
where they take people and that's where
the torture occurs before people are
sent to prison
activists say a Police Equestrian Center
and the Youth Center are used as black
sites we have now 4000 more or less
people behind board sentence from one
year to hundred twenty years doctors
lawyers academics behind bar many people
who were tortured to death
thousands of people were arrested and
the West keep supporting the Bahraini
regime there are significant numbers of
people who are still imprisoned some
with life sentences there are 13
particularly high-profile activist Nabil
Rajab is one of them there are others
Abdul Hadi al-khawaja a very prominent
human rights activists his daughter
Miriam was also for a while arrested
there's a concerted attempt to deal with
people like this through repressive
means but there are many who are less
high-profile who have similarly suffered
I was there in a prison at a time I
could hear the screams of those which
been tortured and I don't know when it's
going to be my turn one of the wars
think that would never erase from my
mind is the sexual harassment I was
forced to be stripped someone will be
touching here and there the humiliation
you got the spat in your face and soul
through family - and so - religion and
all of that
some torture allegations directly
involve Prince Nasir bin Hamad
al-khalifa bahrain's playboy Prince
though a British High Court recently
decided he is not immune from
prosecution there
he continues to attend events in the UK
in October this year he attended a
charity event at the Savoy Hotel in
London his father the king is a regular
royal event enjoying his dinner and
targeting his victims who are serving
life years imprisonment for no reason
except they called for democracy in this
country they lighted Kingdom these
people when they start torturing they
would think about breaking you that's
the whole message breaking your will
maybe some of them they do not know that
this person inside is the torture the
government does there but this religion
and in Bahrain the protests grind on
night after night
and the situation seems to be getting
worse in October the country's main
opposition group was suspended for three
months it's it's shocking that the UK
for example has not been more outspoken
more assertive about the fact that
people have been tortured people have
lost their lives people have been shot
at this is not a government over whom we
have no influence this is a government
that we meet regularly we roll out the
red carpet literally for the al-khalifa
family when they come to the United
Kingdom and yet we don't appear to be
willing to use that leverage to actually
address the human rights problems it's
very much to the discredit of the UK
government that it chooses not to do so
here so why are you protecting
thankfully we did not get our anything
of our voice since we started our of
evolution for years what changes happen
uses doctors jobs and eight or something
to lead as people we don't want position
high position just to live that just to
give us play-doh
some little group starts reacting
violently unfortunately that's because
of the hopelessness that and the
abandonment from the international
community that's the sad part of our
revolution the crackdown by the ruling
family and the Saudis will support it by
the Western government supported the
crackdown how silenced a few weeks are
for our interview Nabil returned home
and was arrested again charged with
insulting the government on Twitter
his trial has been delayed and new
charges brought he could face up to six
more years in prison the UK government
says it's helping Bahrain make reforms
and improve its human rights and justice
record it admits more must be done and
says it does not choose human rights
over trade the US State Department
Abele's charges to be dropped the UK
government has not
you
