it's tuesday november fourth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
francis interior minister visited the
northern port town of Calais on monday
to tackle the issue of illegal migrants
bernard cazeneuve strip comes two weeks
after french police sent reinforcements
to stop groups of migrants who are
attempting to board trucks bound for
Britain the Interior Minister confirmed
government plans to convert a former
Children's Center into a shelter for up
to five hundred of the 2,300 migrants in
Calais the center will provide food
clothing and medical treatment and may
bring in UK officials to discuss asylum
applications the Nigerian Army has
reportedly arrested several soldiers for
abandoning a town to militants of the
Islamist group Boko Haram thousands of
people who fled movie for nearby yola
say they're running out of basic
supplies violence in the country's
northeast has intensified since the
government announced a ceasefire two
weeks ago to pursue talks and Chad aimed
at releasing two hundred girls kidnapped
by the group last April a Russian
company claims it had to take down a
memorial dedicated to apple founder
steve jobs at a st. petersburg technical
college because CEO Tim Cook is gay
President Vladimir Putin last year's
signed a bill prohibiting the spread of
gay propaganda among minors Russian
companies f's released a statement on
Monday to say the giant interactive
iPhone was removed to quote abide by the
russian federal law protecting children
from information promoting the denial of
traditional family values an oakland OB
bar named Gino a female candidate will
stand in Tunisia's presidential election
for the first time in the country's
history held firm kin new is running as
an independent without the backing of a
political party the 55 year old judge
was the only of four female contenders
to meet all the requirements set by
Tunisia's Electoral Commission the rise
of conservative Islamists in the country
following its 2011 revolution stoked
fears of a breakdown of women's rights
canoes candidacy marks a major milestone
in Tunisian politics check out the vice
news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world for
the West the war may be all but over in
Afghanistan but for those being left
behind it's entering its deadliest phase
so far we've had our 1,700 surgical
admissions and we are on half the year
when we come very close to being in full
capacity then we started out of the
criterias life-saving
