there's a normal day for you more or
less if it is it is mine and bomb by
rocket everything is going back
somebody's type of data surveillance
it's RPGs yeah
so the black smoke you see is we think
from a suicide bomber who blew himself
up outside the gates of the Indian
intelligence Oh studs you can hear now
RPGs probably fired from the Afghan army
towards the attackers they're saying
that five Pakistanis still there they're
saying that eight attackers got inside
the NDS HQ here and the six that were
killed and two of them are still alive
until a minute ago they're now saying
it's finished and that they'll take us
in to see if they kill them for the West
the war may be all but over in
Afghanistan but for those being left
behind it's entering its deadliest phase
so far and for journalists access to
that war is getting harder to still just
after hours of pounding the building's
rockets Afghan commandos went room to
room finishing off any insurgents who
were still alive
stop recording you know they're not
allowed missions ministers defense
minister wins here everyone so the
patrol of foreign combat troops is
almost completely but they're not
leaving behind the country which is safe
and secure where the Taliban have been
beaten or even slowed down that's a
lebanner taking more and more territory
all the time and carrying out bigger and
bolder attacks all the time and while we
seem to be burying our heads in the sand
about what's happening here
the failure in Afghanistan is meaning
that the people here are paying a higher
and higher price I've been covering the
war in Afghanistan for seven years even
with American and British troops
alongside them the Afghan National
Security Force is often fired
indiscriminately
now desperately trying to hold off mass
Taliban attacks alone the fighting is
spiraling out of control increasingly
innocent civilians are caught between
those Afghan forces and the Taliban
neither of whom seem to care about who
their bullets and rockets might hit we
travel to Helmand the most violent
province in Afghanistan more troops and
resources were sent here than anywhere
else in the country and yet they're
armed two hospitals in the entire
province one of them is run by a foreign
charity named emergency
the hospital is operating at full
capacity
I took a tour of the hospital with
Dimitra Gianna Coppola a Greek volunteer
and long-serving medical coordinator and
how often any patients arriving on a bad
day 30 patients for their 30 per day on
a bad day on a bad day yes can you talk
about the numbers of patients have been
admitted over the last three years the
last three years we've seen a major
increase in 2013 2013 had 2,100
admissions and that was in the 70
percent increase on the previous year
2014 that is increasing as well we had
around 1,700 surgical admissions and we
are on half a year if people keep
getting killed and injured at this rate
2014 we have seen a 50% increase in
civilian casualties on the previous year
genius actually but we have moved the
pie machine into an outside building and
we made the world and this was a play
them and we have made with the war this
one but you're over capacity now yeah we
are almost 30 beds over 30 beds but
every room that was serving some other
function is now yes
but if it keeps on getting worse can you
can you manage when we come very close
to being in full capacity then we start
to narrow the trachea to life-saving
brain injury and thoracic and abdominal
and Vascular once you've done that and
again you're on full capacity for the
numbers are still going up yes it makes
me crazy to will not be able to take
somebody in four beds we'll do anything
so honest oncology me of a solid kidney
your pajamas are the injuries from
fighting between the Afghan army in the
Taliban are they increasing because they
you know they fire quite wildly we've
seen a lot of like collateral injuries
we have an increase in what we call mine
injury and shell injury they are from
explosive devices IEDs and they're very
very vicious there is an an increase of
bilateral amputations of very high
amputations traumatic amputations that
are arriving when someone steps on the
ID the damage is getting worse it's it's
double or triple amputations rather than
double edge people and a lot of children
as well
Western forces aren't leaving behind the
stable country with the government able
to protect its own people according to
the UN at least 295 children were killed
and 776 injured in the first six months
of this year alone he wants to shave his
leg did you see anything or it just
looked like the normal ground
you know what
if somebody steps on an ID they have to
get treated very very quickly
you give you some time they are very
exclusively burn you while also mangling
you this burning controls the bleeding
in a in a strange way this gives you
time this is our pediatric female ward
shells bullets Fazil just kids caught in
the crossfire between my classifiers
you've got two kids here who have been
shot in the head in the last few days
where did it enter here and you said
there have been more kids with bullet
injury to the head yes in these days
five in the last few bullets in that
story yes one day he's a bullet to the
head is better this guy's surely injury
to the skull that's bad
they will come in fairly recently so
this is all fighting between the Taliban
and the Afghan security forces
well the Afghan security forces and the
Afghan security forces well we were
there one of the children who'd been
shot in the head woke up
together
I can't cover it
Dimitra showed us an entire family had
been hit the women asked to be covered
before we came in she lost one of her
children and yes you another one in the
ambulance died coming she lost both in
the ambulance coming and one she left
dead behind more having it was an
hourglass in their house sure they CRPG
know I don't know exactly what that
means but something accidentally landed
to them they are a family
but the whole family's from overall in
sang-hee yes vinegar
this is bebe she's 60 she's doing very
well she's also discharged in the next
few days but she got bilateral
amputation at 62 useful three legs
most of the injuries we saw were bullet
or shell injuries so for the first time
in years
investment crossfire I've gone up and
are the main cause of injury and death
among African because the Taliban and
Afghans fight so wildly each other is
this a normal day for you more or less
and you performed in surgery today on a
young girl we had to remove lots of
shrapnel he's described what he had to
do today they under the BBC is six years
old she is about to pursue easily to the
abdomen and also inside of the brain as
well
we operated him with multiple operation
of the small bowel through in true
stomach was also perforated which we
repaired and skull was fractured but
loosen up do you ever think this is your
country and you're seeing the situation
getting worse how does that make you
feel just on a personal level since I'm
far from political paint I cannot tell
you why is getting worse
most of the day we are just doing to
hospital and house maybe for many many
days we will not change the road because
a lot of over here
every night it is really a lot of
fighting tonight the Taliban score three
checkpoints and the next night the army
managed to drive them and if you spoke
to people in Europe and in America
especially the politicians they would
say Taliban have been pushed backwards
the Afghan security forces are taking
over and some of them even saying you
know we've we've achieved our goals
mission accomplished
well somebody's targeting the civilians
is all I can say to them
because of the worst in the security
situation the foreign emergency staff
work behind the walls of the hospital
and rest behind the walls of their
communal house
the only time they actually see daily
life in Afghanistan is during the short
journey between the two places
in the last two three months it was a
disaster every day there is mine bomb by
rocket explosion everything is going
back
