I have been detained for 260 to 266 days
without any charts and without
committing any crime when Al Jazeera
reporter Abdullah al shami was sent to
Cairo in June 2013 he didn't realize
that the assignment would change the
course of his entire life the Egyptian
military was about to unseat President
Mohammed Morsi Egypt's first
democratically elected president and
member of the Muslim Brotherhood Morsi
supporters took to the streets and
occupied two central squares in protest
on August 14th 2013 in what would become
known as the robot massacre the military
violently dispersed their sit-in killing
more than 800 people al shami was
covering the story that day he was
arrested and thrown in prison without a
trial he became the first of four al
Jazeera journalists arrested by the
Egyptian government al shami together
with Peter greste Mohamed Fahmy and
baher Mohamed became the focus of an
international campaign calling for their
release five months into his detention
al shami began a hunger strike with the
help of a prison guard he recorded a
cell phone video to draw attention to
his case and to the dangers that
journalists face in the country in June
of 2014 after ten months in prison
authorities finally free they'll Shami
on medical grounds
I have a freedom fighter I am now more
damning than before Villa Oh show me
thanks for joining us we've all heard a
lot about your detention in Egypt but
I'd like to hear a bit more about your
life before that can you talk to us a
bit about what you were reporting on
before your detention what you were
reporting on before the Egyptian
revolution well actually I'm not quite
old I'm just 26 years I was approached
by al Jazeera in 2010 to work for them
as a reporter from West African region I
said it with Al Jazeera in March 2011
that was like 2 months after the
different revolution and my very first
experience with them was the Libyan
Revolution I went to most of the
fighting was taking place and before the
recent experience I had in Egypt I I
believe that was the most you know
exciting if I may say experience I've
ever had
as a journalist you know till the 30th
of June when I got to go to Egypt tell
me about that moment in Egypt who is in
power what was the situation the
political situation well I mean I
remember that time it was there was so
much tension on the street because the
former President Mohammed Morsi was in
power for exactly a year and they've
been calls I believe since March for him
to resign you know his opponents they
didn't really like the way he was doing
things especially the revolutionaries
thought he was betraying the revolution
the murdered the youth movement that
said it calling to take him out of power
and his supporters were willing not to
allow that to happen
so it was a country with a new born
democracy trying to you know get its
foot
you know the numbers that came out on
the ferry of June we're way more than
anyone expected it was not easy for
anyone to actually go there as a
journalist and cover things as credible
as possible because it wouldn't be easy
for you to you know tell what's going on
as it is and at the same time go on with
your daily business so III went to Egypt
on that but what do you mean it was
difficult to cover that because you're
identified with one group or another yes
that that's true because the general
thought at least this is what anti-morsi
media channels tried to portray is that
Qatar and al-jazeera
are totally with him and they are
against what they claimed was the Wills
of the Egyptian people so when I went to
Tahrir I went on my own I didn't even
hold my al-jazeera ID and luckily for me
I was not really known and Egypt at that
time so nobody kind of identified me so
it was very hard for you to walk at
least with the the camp that is against
Morsi I mean I remember when I started
covering the events at rabbi square from
the 5th of July to Lee for the in so
focused I didn't really go out a lot
from within the area of the camp because
definitely if you get stopped by a
police officer or by any kind of well
let's say the new regime supporters it
would actually lead to trouble for you
so why do you think that the Egyptian
government had that perception of Al
Jazeera as kind of a pro muslim
brotherhood pro-morsi organization well
you know the Egyptian government usually
claims that al Jazeera isn't telling the
story as it is i I do believe that
there's no any kind of media outlet in
this world that is 100% neutral because
in the end you have to take a side when
it comes to supporting the weak ones at
least when I speak on behalf of myself
because if you take the size of the weak
ones of the ones that need the story to
be tool to be heard from their side you
are technically taking someone's side so
the Egyptian government usually thought
that or usually said that al Jazeera was
spreading false information which has
you know proven to be totally wrong at
least when we saw the kind of evidence
they brought against our critics pitted
where I'm hammered in the in the court
room it was mostly music videos and
pictures and things that have no
connection to those child's brought
against them so at least for my own side
I try not to take any you know any one
side i I covered events from Tahrir as
they were and I then went to ABBA
I even went to the Hadiya a square where
anti-morsi supporters were there so as
an Egyptian my problem now is that I am
really saddened by the way things have
got to can you walk us through what
happened
on the day you were arrested what was
the circumstance of your arrest
well I remember I was you know just like
any other day it was five o'clock in the
morning and I got you know one of the
media people within the camp of Morsi
supporters in rabaa telling me that
they've spotted some security vehicles
getting close to the place and I
actually from the beginning of August
there was usually that kind of situation
where you would get news about security
personnel getting close to the camp or
you know rumors about a very imminent
crackdown on the place so I I tried at
that time to go and see for myself
because I didn't want to sense you know
a story about something that wasn't
really happening
so they security trucks the armored
vehicles going towards the place behind
the camp as soon as they rushed back
things started skeleton there was all
that shooting and I saw people fall down
in front of me I went to the makeshift
hospital by 7 o'clock I saw actually
dozens of bodies from that point about
ten o'clock it was very tense I mean
there was not any possibility of leaving
the place and there was only one way out
why you have to pass by an army
checkpoint and a police checkpoint while
I was leaving the hospital you know
trying to find my way out very first
feeling I got was that you know God if
if I'm gonna be killed let it happen
because I don't wanna get caught by
police because as we all know the
reputation the Egyptian police have is
not something that you would like to
experience so it was almost 5 o'clock
when I got to the army checkpoint and
then at that moment they asked me to you
know present out my ID I had my Egyptian
passport with me up till that moment
they didn't know I was working about
Jazeera they didn't know I was a
journalist and he said it asking me
questions like why are you travelling
much why do you have so much visas in
your passport my Patrick White had a
visas of Qatar of Turkey of different
countries I think the notion he got is
like I think we might cut a spy what was
the charge I mean what did they accuse
you of well on that day I remember there
were almost a thousand people detained
on Friday that was the only time
actually we saw a persecutor they were
exactly 15 charged mostly between murder
and Asylum murder assaulting police
officers public disorder possessing
weapons illegally preventing citizens
from going in to rob a mosque there was
nothing actually specific against me as
a journalist there was no any kind of
investigation that of course there has
not been any evidence in those early
days what was your understanding of what
was going to happen to you when you
might get out I remember on the 20th of
August when we were transferred to
Lehman to oppose a but where we stayed
for the rest of the year when they
locked the door we were almost about 82
people in a 25 square metres room and
I mean I just you know sat down and I
thought okay I believe I'm gonna be here
for the next 25 years to come and we
were kept like that for almost two weeks
inside that room they only opened to
give us food you know I actually had
that sense of well I think that's it I
think you know it's gonna and I returned
to have the very same feeling when I was
moved to the maximum-security prison I
was I stayed there for about 37 days in
a solitary confinement I was on my own
so it was it was actually very hard you
know sometimes you had to kind of
imagine things start talking to virtual
people even talking to birds who stood
by the window because they had nothing
to do you know and actually I remember
the worst thing I ever had was waking up
because I didn't want to wake up I wanna
sleep till this was over can you tell us
about what kind of communication you had
with the outside world well during the
first nine months you know we had a way
to get information of what was going on
because eventually when we got to visit
our families they would sometimes get us
newspapers sometimes we were able to
smuggle that radio and through time
things were easy for us to even get
newspapers on a daily basis but when I
was moved to the matically prison on the
12th of May I remember it was a total
cut down there was no any I mean
Aradia was not allowed there was no
newspapers and even interacting with
other prisoners within the block you
were staying was not allowed so it was
was very bad at that time can you tell
me about this video that you managed to
make while in prison you know when the
hunger strike thing was becoming more
serious and it was you know having its
impact on my body I mean some some of my
colleagues you know it gave me this idea
of trying to document the whole thing
because we we never know what was going
to happen next so we kind of managed to
pay a God to get us a phone with a
camera and we were filmed the thing and
we were able to you know smoke it
outside again I
video after I have reached 106 days of
my hunger strike - I told my family you
know that you keep this video till
whatever happens to me so I think it's
how you know your destiny works because
I believe and I think I'm lucky that I
have filmed that video before I was
moved to the maximum-security prison
because I think it had a good impact on
the whole case what happened to that
guard well nobody knew because this is
how it is in Egypt I mean actually
nobody knew who was responsible for that
because any in Egyptian prisons really
money can get you anything you want I
mean because it's very corrupt there so
money can get you a book can get your
phone can get it get King can get you
drugs if you want
oh so that's a whole other story so the
video you say you think that the video
played a big part in helping secure your
release do you think that the hunger
strike itself was a big force of course
I think if not for the hunger strike of
course in addition to the global am pain
for the you know release of me and my
Jazeera colleagues I think that wouldn't
have worked because I remember when I
was released my brother told me that one
of the officials of one police official
told him that we've never had somebody
actually go on hunger strike in an
Egyptian prison and get free is either
he breaks his hunger strike or we let
him die so yeah it has played a very
major role in this year but that would
seem to indicate that the Egyptian
government is sensitive to public
opinion that's very true
you think so yeah that's very true well
I mean I guess you know the free AJ
staff campaign hashtag been a global
campaign journalists from around the
world participating in pressure from
governments around the world but from
where I'm standing it doesn't look like
we've seen much progress on you know the
release of your colleagues well I think
for the case of my colleagues there is
also one you know major difference which
is that I was never you know my whole
case was never brought to a judge to
really have a trial but I think right
now we as a
as al-jazeera I just trying to you know
wait and see what happens after they
appear were filed last month and from
that point I think we might get to the
point of my colleagues also staging a
hunger strike to be released but I
believe the the Egyptian government
really doesn't want any more trouble
with without Jazeera because when I when
I was released if the Egyptian
government really wanted more trouble
with Al Jazeera they could have you know
simply banned me from traveling or maybe
did you know putting me back in prison
so that's what's keeping me kind of
hopeful and and the pressure would also
play a major role if it steps up to a
higher level so what do you think it
will take to get the three remaining
al-jazeera staff members free from
prison I think Monroe uh you know
putting pressure as most as possible on
the Egyptian government we have general
Sisi right now in the u.s. instead of
the US government giving him all that
welcome they should really put more
pressure on him to release these people
not even just for the sake of my
colleagues better Peter and Mohammed we
see we know we right now have dozens of
journalists who are in jail so I that's
why I asked the US government and and
the governments of the free world to
actually you know put more pressure
because in remember in my case the
persecutor told my lawyer that we've had
enough headache from this man that's why
we're releasing him that's why I believe
if we release stage pressure to at like
an utmost level probably by the appeal
time they will walk free I'm curious
about the role that Qatar is played to
work for your release and release of
Ryan as far as I know the content of
government hasn't had any rules to do I
believe the whole thing is more about Al
Jazeera more than anything that's why
the the regime wants some kind of change
of the policy we have in covering things
in Egypt but I think I don't think we're
going to do that for just for the sake
of you know even then what they want
because our policy is is very player and
if a whenever we get to the point of
you know given any compromise about this
coverage of the country this is going to
end because the moment it starts it's
never going to stop mm-hmm
do you think that that basically that
your detention and the ten the detention
of your colleagues is about Al Jazeera's
coverage of Egypt or is do you think
that roll the cutters played in the
region has played a part of it basically
in supporting Muslim Brotherhood for
example well I think it's it's mostly
about the Egyptian regime the one in
currently in power not kind of liking to
have a different voice they they want
the media just to say what they want
because they wouldn't tolerate any kind
of free voice against them and I think
it also has to do with Al Jazeera change
in the air policy the way they cover
things in Egypt but it's mainly about
the serious what do you predict for the
future of reporting in Egypt the future
of journalism as an institution or
profession in Egypt no I mean very
unfortunately for me to say this I think
the future is very grim for for
journalists in the country because
already you have almost remember 16
journalists in until now and the country
itself is putting more censorship on not
just journalists there is putting a
censorship on any kind of activity that
may allow more freedom of speech so I
don't think it's going to be easy for
journalists and I don't think I might be
going to the country anytime soon but
yet I'm hopeful that my colleagues Peter
greste her Mohammed and how many will
walk for you very soon and United with
their families abdullah al shami thank
you very much for joining us thank you
