it's Thursday October thirtieth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines Afghan authorities destroyed
more than 20 tons of illegal drugs in
the capital on Wednesday at a ceremony
in Kabul officials set fire to the
massive pile of drugs which included
hash raw opium and the chemicals used to
process opium into heroin Afghanistan
produces most of the world's opium and
while the US has spent billions of
dollars of the last decade to try and
stop production the country's opium
trade seems to have continued largely
unabated a Palestinian family in East
Jerusalem forced to move last year after
israeli authorities demolished their
home was forced to move again on
wednesday following a decision to raise
their second home a cave city officials
say the unusual dwelling was illegal and
have vowed to crack down on unlawful
construction to calm heightened tensions
in the sill Juan neighborhood clashes
have become a regular occurrence in the
area with the recent increase of Jewish
families moving into the predominantly
Arab district
then we'll use the right name they could
have Ebola fighting the stigma
associated with the Ebola outbreak has
taken center stage in new york city
schools following a violent incident
involving two West African boys in the
Bronx on Friday a group of students
taunted and beat up a pair of brothers
who had recently returned from visiting
family in Senegal the american-born boys
aged 11 and 13 were rushed to the
hospital their father says they were
harassed and ostracized for weeks before
the attack and that they're afraid to
return to school this week the city's
Department of Education asks school
principals to keep an eye out for Ebola
related bullying it's not a scene from
the jetsons a Slovakian startup has
unveiled what it says is the world's
most advanced flying car aero mobiles
third working prototype made its debut
at an innovation conference in the
Austrian capital Vienna on Wednesday
powered by a 100-horsepower
four-cylinder engine the car runs on
gasoline and can travel more than 400
miles a tank with a top speed of 124
miles an hour but without a pressurized
cabin altitude is limited to 98 hundred
feet the company says the model could go
on sale as early as 2017 but that anyone
hoping to add it to their fleet will
need a pilot's license check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world value to both
nation problema nashik loogies i said
wats heto delude you've arrived behati
kalahari o ktorej pre-hire colorado do
mato soy ahora para joder he shot
insured annina du Matta ludic and you
need two mottos Hakuna
you
