Alicia Bloomberg is used
so we're in the borders of one of the
candidates running in the elections and
the parliamentary elections that are
happening today in Ukraine he's from the
president's party it's called the furrow
Shenko block this is volnovakha it's a
town that's midway between Murray Opel
and do not scruples controlled by
Ukrainians and this town is in Ukraine
controlled territory as well
Donetsk is just a little ways away
controlled by the separatists the
elections aren't taking place there
that's his campaign poster the man were
with is called Dimitri Luba nuts the
main opposition to him in this area is a
candidate from the 40 former party of
regions which is the former president's
party Yanukovych's former party she will
do mucho up straight away initial new
Putin waitomo Kanaka stage in it you
know to become a pasta with a box of
tomate amitabh italiana I tell you about
the broad scale italiani liebe space
battalion over there HMO Prabhakar
second you start on October slum miss
appear near for which we broke through
said no problem
pooja Kotori booth de nos tomahto
he is a spaniel junco Alexander Nicolau
Russian seriously businessman a lahar
modulates the musical metal riffs Kosovo
de pelea primary non-dimensional
progestin concern
separatist leader Jimmy a Vasa
washed up on caboose Gretchen de pastino
nominee Apostolou million machine hula
penetration across otezla minute
jessamy battalion of space but remember
day in observe any Buyi so closer is me
kikuno povedilla
service cause a fatality does nature
watching birds item is descri Mahato
religion obstacle is cat oklahoma
resultado problem at NASA crew jeez I've
said what's a GTO delude you will be
right BA haataja lahar ho Kotori Oprah
Heidegger Colorado D'Amato Suez ahora
para Hoda issued insured and in ado
metal ooh do and you need to not OSA
Cunha and Nina Dumont astronomy plastics
the numbers not over it's Pittsburgh in
Keynesian we're trying to get into the
Electoral Commission now to speak to the
head of the Commission find out how
things are going
they've got some armed guards from one
of the volunteer battalions right inside
the door so sweet potato rose overcome
local condition what was that
st-stop are your communication kotori's
wasn't sincere we only need two rubber
monotonetim even led witnessed reaching
Ikaruga capacity is dr. patricia Volvo
research topic Akitas be reasonable is
fortunately potato I was Niger
assimilation again eleven two daughters
each day she was a missionary passed out
on the reservation here at NASA to see a
traded precious cargo cateura with
Makaha with regds india's resistive
okasada zone yes daily purchased stupid
board squabbles new Vauxhall in
immersion Ezra - Ezra fubar of night
muchas de Madrazo Avenue tongue stove
som version embrace Austrian cat O'Brien
Cena photons Abbas say Michigan a
corrosive Oh gross Pakistan on smoochy
na accrues mocha me see
nearly aired know what goes away me VG's
Nogales old Nokomis Disney goes no visa
province disabilities such as latina
massive reverse damn cat structurae
Prabha religion which motion evil name
which must be a spa dress Delaney and
were there which machine you chest will
wash away Scoville sedation Toyota
MooMoo boo-boo name prim we should see
melissamia holding elections in East
Ukraine is almost like a military
operation they've got the volunteer
battalion from Poltava here to protect
the Electoral Commission here later on
they're going to be escorting the actual
ballots that are going to be brought in
from all of the polling stations their
job is to protect them to make sure that
nothing happens to them between when
they're cast in the polling stations and
counted here and sent to the central
total Commission in the capital in Kiev
this is one of the polling stations in
the 60th district of the Donets region
that has been able to open not all
polling stations have been because large
weights of the Donetsk and Lugansk
region are occupied by pro-russia
separatists and what that means is that
in the major cities of Donetsk and
Lugansk of the population there aren't
going to have a chance to participate in
this parliamentary election today the
other part of Ukraine that obviously
also won't be participating is Crimea
and one of the results of the fact that
these areas are involved is that they're
pro-russian populations won't be voting
for their pro-russian candidates to go
into Parliament like they have in
previous years which means that
unexpectedly for Russia it's actually
going to lose influence in Kiev in a
certain sense because this new
Parliament is going to be a lot more
pro-ukrainian and a lot more
nationalistic as a little bit Segel so
it is an image that we come on
supersorrell printing subscription three
games immiscible we're back in Dmitry
loopy nuts is campaign headquarters
it's almost four o'clock so people have
been willing for a few hours now we're
gonna find out how he's doing in the
polls Dimitri I'm was nice stone Cafe de
los Caballeros Linda goes to Picasa
pocket of insurgent akita negotiate a
career successor donor cinema grupo de
yojoa pistolas Petrosian Copa you
results naturally release document on so
profitable user must know Western three
heroes often discovered a planet and you
ready led focus conditions somehow -
Taylor it was a crush
all these heavyset guys they're members
of the campaign team their job is to
make sure that no violations are taking
place at the polling station if they get
a phone call and they hear that
something not right is going down they
hop in their cars and they go out there
and sort the situation out basically
each candidate in Ukraine has to have
his own personal goon squad we're
following the candidate Dmitri
illuminants he's on his way to a polling
station to cast his own ballot before
polls close 6:00 p.m. they're only open
for another two hours
Laura fashion TV episode
Venus has just cast his ballot there's
only about an hour and a half left till
the polls close but we're not going to
know until tomorrow morning the
preliminary results of the election
across the country and whether he's
actually gotten in polls have closed
it's 8 p.m. and they're about to dump
the ballots out of the voting boxes
there and they're going to start
counting the votes nobody else can come
in here we're locked in until they get
all the ballots out count them and then
send them across the road to the
Electoral Commission
it's almost disgust I supposed to lose
awareness when you have Kapil Mishra
Chandra I'm sure his little nose below
to participate percent of passer op-ed
present Oh to see CJ's messy muchas know
page times Cosmo that stupid
message
yeah do me see whenever Bush leader who
slices every word he says Rivera solo
show business pesky so take a knee pop
Elena codon Cousteau Potomac me obvious
estoy de minimis with devolution Papa
drove rookie supply system
it's mostly women here the electoral
commission but they do have a couple
guys mostly on carrying tables duty
they've just finished with with the
voter lists and now they're going to put
the tables together to dump out the
ballots and count them but I should
thank gosh they're dealing with all
these nice very chipper woman is so the
ballots are finally being counted at
this polling station but we won't know
the results of voting here until
tomorrow morning all we've already seen
as the exit polls their preliminary
results and what they show is a huge
change in this new Parliament the Party
of Regions which was the former
president's party a very pro-russian
party only got six percent down from
over thirty percent and that means that
parliamentary politics in Ukraine are
going to be completely transfigured away
from something very supportive of Russia
to a much more nationalist Pro Ukrainian
Parliament so even though Russia has
taken over Crimea and has supporters
controlling territories in eastern
Ukraine in Kiev in the political center
Russia's lost a lot of influence today
it's Monday morning after 7:00 a.m.
actually and the reason has taken this
long to get the ballot paperwork out of
all of the various polling stations of
the area is because there was some
shooting overnight so they decided to
postpone the count they're only
gathering stuff together now some
members of the Poltava battalion have
come here to escort the ballot paper
work back to the Central Electoral
Commission of the area they're putting
the boxes onto this bus and then these
armed men are going to take it to where
it needs to be counted
well we're back at the Electoral
Commission in volnovakha the boxes made
it here safely operation parliamentary
elections is a success this is it all of
the ballots from across the 60th
district are here at the Central
Electoral Commission they've been
counted the results are about to be
passed off to Kiev this is the last
district in the country that's going to
be delivering its results to Kiev
because of the military situation here
they've had to wait until this morning
before it was safe to actually bring the
ballots but we know from exit polls from
across the country that last night's
results have been confirmed it's a very
Pro Western Pro Ukrainian Parliament
that has been voted in and the pro
Russia forces at least in Kiev in the
Parliament now have less than 10% in
parliament which is a huge change and is
going to have massive political
reverberations for Ukraine in its
relations with Russia in the West
Vidia everyone responded
muskoka king was exit polling
Brazilian and yet album or missing Bible
nauseous tremendously successful to
avoid offensive boards and forum repeats
of war
or seamlessness video
for the specifically
do something with Slash not like
irreversible pretty
be sure the disability nipples when you
pass drivers unjustly in the study I
represent you as the diorite so election
results overall look pretty clear for
Ukraine but in the case of Dimitri here
it's too close to call so it's it's
going to be another 12 hours before we
know for sure whether it was a former
supporter of Yanukovych the former
regime who wins or Dmitri a member of
the president the current president of
Ukraine's voting bloc
you
