Island has long been a battleground for
women's rights on abortion until this
day remains the only country in Europe
where abortions are illegal unless the
pregnancy poses a risk to the mother's
life Islands abortion law was in
particular the 8th amendment which holds
the life of the fetus as equal to that
of the mother was tested to its limits
in the recent case of Miss wife a
migrant who arrived in Ireland pregnant
as a result of rape was left suicidal
and wanting an abortion
but 25 weeks into her pregnancy she was
told it was too late and her baby was
delivered by c-section the case has
angered Ireland's pro-choice reformists
were calling for the 8th amendment to be
repealed so we're just arriving at the
Garden of Remembrance here in Dublin
today where they're expecting thousands
of people in support of repealing the
Eighth Amendment I know there's buses of
people coming from all over Ireland and
support this protest and it's due to
start any minute
today we are calling for free safe and
legal access to abortion for all who
live and work in Ireland we have broader
weenie cases and our voices as we will
not forget the choices women have made
in unnecessarily difficult circumstances
to travel for abortion the demonstrators
seemed also aware of the effects that
abortion ban has on women especially the
fact that forces them to travel abroad
to get an abortion an estimated 5000
women have to travel overseas from
Ireland in order to get an abortion I
managed to find a young woman who was
willing to speak to us anonymously about
her own experiences
my story I think is one of a minority
but it's important all the same he tried
to kiss me and I pushed him off and he
fell off the sofa and basically grabbed
my legs pulled me to the ground and he
raped me when I found out I was pregnant
I fell apart I couldn't walk across a
bridge without thinking should I jump
and do you remember the process of
traveling where did you go to I to
London and I remember pain being put
under for the procedure and I remember
waking up and the absolute dizziness and
soreness in the middle of the night I
started really heavily bleeding really
heavily to the point that I actually
taught my insides we're just going to
follow nobody knew where I was nobody
knew in the hostel who I was where I
come from what was happening and all I
thought was I'm going to die here
nobody's gonna know what happened and
nobody's gonna care but it's not my
fault it is the fault of the Irish
government because they are refused to
take a principled position of this they
refused to see women as actual human
beings so it's something that is not my
fault before I am aiming to rectify
because has to change
the power of the Catholic Church in
Ireland has meant conservative values
have remained strong the anti-abortion
movement also known as pro-life has been
the more dominant and vocal group when
it comes to abortions this has led to a
culture of stigma and shame making it
more difficult for women who want an
abortion just on my way to meet pro-life
for Wendy
she's a great to speak to me and find
out more about what their stances and
what they believe when I saw how
abortion negatively impacted a friend
obviously yes it's a base this is a
human life but also just about the
impact that I had seen that it had on
women and so that's when I started to
look at well is abortion good for women
is it good for women's rights is it good
for women's equality and and I've come
to the conclusion that we will have real
equality for women when there's no need
for abortion at all and why is that I
think that and you know it's the
abortion shows that our society has
failed to respond to the the needs that
women have in a modern society what's
your reason for believing that women
shouldn't have the right to want an
abortion well it's interesting that you
asked me the right to want an abortion
so it's a assuming physician not having
an abortion I ending a life is a right
it's not in any Constitution or
declaration that an abortion is a right
and so that's quite troubling in itself
that we're in a close friend society or
even you mean a stop cussin in that
frame you know is abortion a right isn't
the choice right well we have the right
to choose many things in our lives but I
think in society that and choices are
limited all the time when that choice
affects the life of another person our
choices are limited all the time when
that may harm or endanger another person
I cannot drink and drive it is illegal
for me to take heroin I have to put my
seatbelt on
why because that choice may affect the
life of another person obviously that's
what abortion does it ends another
person's life to the front where a bunch
of women are for weally cases which one
and symbolizes the journey that women
have to do to travel from Islands to
England a burden that it is the new
generation of young men and women for
standing up there saying this is a
bright women are dying women I have to
go to England when they should be get
back services which is considered a
basic medical procedure in other
countries eighties women used to go to
England they'd be met by other women as
a support and as a means of
identification the women would wear me
we're ready State told you note you've
no shame you've no shame will you clean
you it quite supplies numbers a lot
bigger than I expected today I'd say a
couple thousand two here we've got all
sorts we've got women men women with
their babies we've got anarchists we've
got the promise artists as well this is
so good people are joining us from the
streets people are nobody
so we've come to the end of the rally
we've arrived at Parliament building
here in Dublin people are gathering as
they listen to speeches since the
foundation of our campaign in 2012
there's been a marked change in public
opinion we've been demanding action
demanding guidelines highlighting all
the reasons why we need to repeal the
eighth amendment and all the
government's have to offer it is a
completely unworkable protection of life
during pregnancy arts we can demand the
right to decide what happens to our
bodies we can how that our enema treats
us at the equal valuable humans that we
are
campaigning informing people
I'm getting you to really understand
what this amendment our Constitution
means for the women of Arlen's
because until there's a big appetite for
a referendum no political party will
want to touch it
in this country it would be political
suicide for any party to suggest
bringing forward a referendum so there
needs to be large public supports and
that's what we're trying to fill that
overtime if this campaign can you tell
me why you're here today we're here
today to say that as modern women of the
21st century we are not going to be
buying by laws that were built in 1861 I
think times have moved on and as modern
independent women we demand equality
it's a lawsuit of water sign I think
while while you the church is still
intertwined for the state regardless
whether it be north or south women will
be shamed and not as the shame of our
nation that women have been and continue
to be degradation and something
subjugated by a church who feels that
they must control and the way they
control is through taking women's rights
away from them and this is just an
extension of that but with people coming
out on Tuesday with consciousness around
the subject I think people are here to
say that we stand with MS why we stand
with all the women like her in Ireland
and Ireland does not want this year men
angry
