it's Thursday October 16 and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines police
in Sierra Leone's capital city fired
tear gas at residents protesting over
the government's handling of the Ebola
outbreak security forces dispersed
crowds of people who were angry that the
body of a woman who died from the
disease was left on the street for two
days people in the Freetown neighborhood
also complained that medics hadn't
picked up a woman on the street who may
suspect is infected Ebola has killed
more than 4,400 people mostly in Sierra
Leone Guinea and Liberia the World
Health Organization warns new cases of
the virus in West Africa could rise to
10,000 a week through December
authorities in southern Brazil are
trying to regain control of a prison
after inmates started in uprising and
took more than a dozen guards captive on
Monday three guards have since been
freed and officials are trying to
negotiate the release of the other ten
local media reports have shown inmates
at the grotto pava prison beating
hostages on the roof as relatives
watched from below the men are demanding
better food and medical treatment as
well as overall improved conditions
prison riots are common in Brazil but
authorities say it was the first at
guava since the prison opened 15 years
ago Yemen's government is facing
mounting security challenges that could
further threaten the country's stability
Shia Houthi rebels who seize the capital
sanaa last month have extended their
grip to the Red Sea port of al huda
fighters took control of the city's
airport and military installations on
Tuesday further south and aidan
thousands of separatists demanded a
split from the country's north which
would end a 24-year union the who thiis
territorial gains as well as brewing
calls for secession in the south have
come despite a un-brokered peace deal
signed last month that formed a unity
government inclusive of both groups
the French military released a video on
Tuesday of a naval operation conducted
with Colombian authorities that led them
to more than half a ton of cocaine the
raid was carried out in the middle of
the night on saturday off Colombia's
northern coast three men were arrested
with nearly 30 million dollars worth of
cocaine hidden in a small bow smugglers
in the region often used speedboats to
move drugs because they're difficult to
track and intercept check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world hello tokyo telugu masala
Turkey MF release is she horn the
turquia chef Adia could be whoo laughs
rock obsidian Cydia tedeschi titia
patent effeminate rock and / scirocco
bonamana chili smokey
