the power relationship between China and
the world and particularly between the
US and China has really shifted in some
very dramatic ways
you all set e when dong shopping arrived
at Andrews Air Force Base outside
Washington in January 1979 his country
was just emerging from a long
revolutionary deep freeze
no one knew much about this five foot
four tall Chinese leader but in 1979 he
knew exactly what he wanted better
relations with the US he and President
Jimmy Carter appeared to be serious
about resolving differences the United
States of America and the people too
public of China have agreed to recognize
each other and to establish diplomatic
relations as of January 1st 1979 I
remember very vividly when dou Xiao Peng
went to Houston and we all went out to a
rodeo
I mean here's dong shopping he walks
into this arena and everybody sing
country-western songs and up gallops of
Texas sort of cheerleader type cowgirl
and puts up ten gallon hat on his head
and then the crowd just went nuts
okay here's theater
here's permission for both countries to
you know say it's okay to get along it's
okay to to have good relations with each
other the body language between Deng
Xiaoping and Carter not just on the trip
in 1979 but subsequently was incredibly
effusive ly receptive and warm right now
we have a much sort of cooler more aloof
kind of leadership interaction at a
meeting between presidents Barack Obama
and Xi Jinping in June 2013 she
suggested trying to recapture some of
the old Carter dung magic when he
expressed his desire to see the two
countries form a quote new kind of big
power relationship machine Qing Dao
Guang XI he implied that each country
should accept the other as it is
the idea never really caught on but this
September
here was Jimmy Carter the man who had
helped set the us-china relationship in
motion back again in Beijing when Jimmy
Carter was going back they invited me to
come along and I thought it'd be really
interesting to see how he was received
and if the Chinese really did want it
will re-establish a kind of a warmth of
in the relationship when Carter arrived
back in Beijing this September his first
stop was people's University we found
ourselves thrust into the middle of a
forum on global finance one more of the
endless business conferences now
proliferating in China because the
subject is safe
only after forgettable addresses by the
university president and a former UN
trade investment specialists from
Argentina was carter able to present a
short talk followed by a single question
watching this former US president be
treated so offhandedly highlighted how
the power a relationship between the two
countries is shifting it's now not only
the West that has well indeed China is
expected to soon surpassed the US and
GDP the two dynamic elements in the
world today are the US and China and
China is on the rise and some people
think the US isn't something of a state
of decline it remains to be seen
although Carter had met four times
before with Xi Jinping on this visit he
met neither with him nor with Premier Li
Keqiang which seemed odd because if they
really do want better us-china relations
why ignore the man who had once done so
much to improve the Chinese moreover had
unceremoniously banned one invited
member of Carter's delegation from
speaking at a forum in the Great Hall of
the People Carter himself soon learned
that his various host organizations had
cancelled or reorganized several events
and the Carter Center meeting for its
young American and Chinese scholars
forum on us-china relations
program was moved off the gelatin campus
and into a hotel the high point of
Carters trip was to be a banquet in the
Great Hall of the People a cavernous
tomb like edifice thrown up by the
people in ten months during the Great
Leap Forward in 1959
its vast salons are calculated to all
and overwhelmed but the dinner for
Carter was disappointingly flat it was
hosted by Vice President Li yuanchao
who gave a short speech that had none of
the actively friendly tone that had
characterized meetings thirty-five years
ago as we ate amid a sea of half empty
tables a Chinese professor whispered to
me that President Xi just days earlier
had met with the Zimbabwean president an
international pariah Robert Mugabe
calling him an old friend of the Chinese
people when we respect very much he went
on to say that she was actually in the
Great Hall of the People
toasting Malaysian supreme head of state
Abdul Halim was Adam Shah at the very
moment of our dinner but she didn't stop
by the Carter dinner to say a word I
found it so depressing I left I just
walked out after the banquet when Jimmy
Carter left Beijing I looked through six
or seven papers not a single article not
where the state controls the media
that's never an accident the overall
effect of the visit was to make the
visitors feel the impossibility of
making real contact at one point I heard
from a source close to him the Carter
was upset enough to consider just
packing up and going home you know when
it comes to big leader cult or the
Chinese don't make mistakes what you see
is what you get and it usually means
something and the question is what does
it mean this is not to say that China
would not love to have better relations
with the US but on its own terms
to compound the standoff our diplomatic
officials in the White House and the
State Department have relatively little
interest in experience in China and are
distracted by many other urgent problems
elsewhere
we have moreover a president possessed
of a rather cool manner himself who has
so far been unable to warm up to his
counterpart Xi Jinping also seemingly a
very self-contained reserved man with an
often enigmatical Xi Jinping the first
thing he did when he came into office he
said I have a dream don't go among a
Chinese dream not your dream our dream
the China dream is an idea launched by
XI that is now emblazoned on Billboard's
bus stops and byways throughout the
country and it essentially plays to
China's historical yearning for wealth
power respect and global standing what
it does not contain is any aspiration
toward the Western conception of the
liberal democracy and humanistic values
what the Chinese seem to be saying
without being too explicit they've
always been masters of indirection is
that they will now be reckoned with on
their own terms not ours like it or not
this is the world's new reality
you
