over the years Cambodia has become one
of the world's capitals of sex tourism
it's cheap and available prostitutes
attracting men from around the world the
sex industry has different rungs to it
there's the streetwalkers that do the
five dollar blowjob there are brothels
there's massage parlors and then there
are the bars where you go in you get
serve drinks and the girls will go home
with you there are tens of thousands of
women who are doing that here in
Cambodia the US government has long
worried that many of these women were
victims of human trafficking and put
pressure on Cambodia to crackdown and
since Washington provides some six
hundred million dollars a year in
development aid the Cambodian government
finally listened in 2008 it launched an
aggressive new anti trafficking and
prostitution campaign but there have
been reports that it was doing more harm
than good so we went to see for
ourselves boys all by the way so we're
out on patrol with the anti trafficking
unit from the Ministry of the Interior
we're going on a raid
get some women who have been illegally
trafficked that's all we know right now
they're taking their phones right now so
the girls won't call ahead to other
operations to other brothels it's a very
happy scene right now
oh my god
this is this is what as dark as it gets
right here Oh
where do they go now what do you do with
the girls about man can be treated I
need that you don't know never watch it
hey coke my Italian man that can be the
main name you name the two-time young
disaffected by Cervantes Anthea madam
gouget even say not before and this is
the crux of Cambodia's anti-trafficking
program sex workers brought into police
custody are given a simple choice except
training for a new career or remain in
custody indefinitely
vulnerable to abuse and shakedowns by
corrupt police with these options
most women choose retraining almost
always for work in cambodia is booming
garment industry since the Cambodian
government started its crackdown in 2008
authorities claim to have rescued and
retrain thousands of women from the sex
industry for what at first glance seemed
like better jobs
but we soon learned that many of these
women didn't want to be rescued at all
at the end of this long abandoned train
track is a makeshift squatter camp it's
the home to one of the rescued sex
workers a mother named Paul Poli
Sosa died after paulie's arrest police
released her into the custody of a local
NGO they'll prepare her for her new
career move back home but sceptile mom
loose at the IE
scarib of Andres - okay okay much fear
my young height when I'm gonna hop job
God man nada the NGO would train her for
work in the garment industry which
employs a half million Cambodians and
makes up 80% of the country's exports at
first it sounded like an opportunity for
a fresh start and Cambodia's biggest
industry the reality was very different
so were you making any money while you
were in the training
alloyed a in a unit a monument on Kalyan
okay I would love a knee-high Union
anomia not a all cmkohn no we spoke to
several women with similar stories and
they told us that life didn't get much
better after they finally entered the
workplace garment workers here get a
base salary of $80 a month the minimum
wage that's barely enough to feed a
family a diet of rice alone and pay rent
in a shack and put on patent or live in
factory barracks like these Sangster a
mom tries to support her family working
long hours in a garment factory but it's
still not enough to get by how much is
your rent for your house I set up my own
all right now suddenly think my own home
behind Islands I do not know what I'm
going back onto and don't make that big
wooden either
high five something something like doggy
a gym I hang you up on the phone rings
ho ho ho I might won't get Jones when I
pray I hope I'm glad hope my hiding on
my own today to make ends meet she now
moonlights as a prostitute every night
earning just eight dollars per customer
we look around the world where the
garment industry is flourished and what
attracts a garment industry it tends to
be with the rule of law is weakest and
where people are so desperately poor
that all Nass they're almost willing to
work under any conditions
David Welsh is an organizer at the
Solidarity Center a labor rights group
out of the United States that's
affiliated with the afl-cio
it's not intentional slavery or
servitude but in a way it is throughout
the supply chain incredible amount of
money is being made by these brands a
significant amount of money to be made
by the factories the workers are nowhere
near a living wage and that's where the
margins are desperate for jobs and
fearful of crackdowns by the
authoritarian Cambodian government
garment workers have four years stayed
quiet but conditions have gotten so bad
as they are now starting to push back
we're just outside the capital where
dozens of clothing manufacturers for
Western brands sprawl out for miles
hundreds of garment workers were
picketing for a second day and things
were tense
these women are protesting striking the
base existence they want to be paid for
just that morning thugs had come and
beaten some of the strikers with clubs
and that pushed the women to their
boiling point we wanted to see the
factory conditions that led these women
to strike but these factories are
notoriously difficult to get into
especially with cameras can you take
inside
solid early we are not allowed in this
factory but if the workers all protect
us then we can go in so they're taking
us in to pick up the fodder a little bit
security guys making calls right now
before long
someone from management showed up to
greetings normally it is 3000 women no
nose to the grindstone sitting here all
day every day six days a week for maybe
$80 a month and they're supposed to feed
their families with that by all
definitions Cambodia's garment factories
or sweatshops literally in some
factories there have been mass faintings
and women have been hospitalized by the
hundreds on the floor at berry we sell
labels for H&M Old Navy Benetton and
Russell athletics over several weeks we
reached out to all of these brands but
no one wanted to talk to us on camera
the management of the berry factory told
us that none of this was a problem at
their shop the bay treated their workers
well and even paid them more than the
minimum wage and then for some reason
they wanted me to be the one to convince
their workers of all that you can spend
today it's not it's not appropriate for
me to get involved in these contract
negotiations I had no intention of being
a mouthpiece of the factory management
so I took this opportunity test the
workers directly what they are actually
paid
the bosses are saying that the bit of a
legend is happy for $80 and then you are
actually being made 175 to 200 is that
correct
this entire dispute which has led to the
walkout and strike was all over what
amounted to a $4 per month raise and the
very fact that Barry's management
actually invited us to see their factory
strongly suggests that the conditions
there are far above average many others
in Cambodia and throughout Asia are far
worse like a factory making sneakers for
Asics wear roof collapsed in 2013 and
killed two workers and injured seven
others the working conditions in the
garment industry have gotten so bad that
strikes by workers and clashes with the
authorities are now almost routine the
government is starting to get worried
that all this unrest will hurt business
in January 2014 police opened fire on
demonstrating garment workers killing at
least four these riots threaten the
destabilize Cambodia in all this so we
can spend a few dollars less on our
t-shirts it's crazy when you go into a
big retailer in America and you can find
a hoodie played ten bucks like if you
think about it how could it be that
cheap the only way is that the people
who are making the product are getting
paid peanuts and that's what's going on
here
many of the sex workers pushed into
garment jobs told us they didn't want to
be rescued at all the women we spoke to
said the pay and conditions are actually
better on the streets if you quit being
a sex worker would you go back to the
garment industry becomes a woman if you
got me to work my about the aliens
omentum told me and we'll talk sometime
an onion tilt it back and use a sad bit
of irony about Cambodia's rescue program
a number of studies have found that most
of Cambodia's sex workers weren't
victims of trafficking after all for now
women are choosing prostitution and over
garment work and that more than anything
it's a very stark picture of what the
reality is for Cambodia's girls and
women
