the Miss America pageant was founded in
1921 as a beauty contest with the risque
twist a swimsuit competition
97 years later the swimsuit is going
away that means that we will no longer
have a swimsuit competition and that is
official as of September 9th when we
have our competition in Atlantic City
after a me-too scandal the Miss America
Board voted not to judge women in their
swimwear starting with this fall's
national competition that makes the
swimsuit contests in this summer state
competitions the last my name is Alyssa
Beaupre but I go by Ally I started going
by Ally when I graduated high school no
specific reason I just liked it because
it was a little bit shorter and not seem
much of a mouthful the first time I saw
a pageant would be on TV I was actually
watching the Miss America pageant I
think I was maybe 12 I would see the
girls come back from competitions with
trophies and crowns and sashes and I was
like okay I want to do that I was really
bad at ballet and so after my mom she
was like okay you obviously don't like
this see I could not focus at all and
she kind of stuck a baton in my hand it
was like great figure it out
I leave every Aggieland
last year was my first year and I made
the finals I was also People's Choice
which was really exciting I did really
well my first year but I knew that if I
could change my body and my fitness of
how I viewed myself and how my
confidence would be I could do so much
more so this last year has been a lot of
self work I took some time off from
school I started doing personal training
all these fun things to help me I say
funny sarcastic but it is something that
I needed to do for myself and it took me
a long time to really accept Who I am in
the body that I've been given I have
lost 8% body fat
29 pounds and it's been incredible it's
turned into you know I went from wanting
to look into some suit to my fitness my
health and my confidence that stems from
all of this and quite frankly if you
want to look good in swimsuit I don't
feel any sympathy get in the gym and
look at some suit
I don't think it was necessary because I
feel they could've just let people like
myself or people with similar stories
you know kind of talk about what it's
done for them and what it's supposed to
be about you know some see people like
oh how I can help you in the real world
your confidence so like me you know now
that I'm confident in myself I walk into
a room and I feel like I'm glowing what
these organizations stand for is to
build us up and prepares for life and so
I think that's definitely you know the
main part of pageantry in you know in
our country I joined the organization
because I love the nostalgia of the Miss
America system you know to me I don't
think the young ladies are being chosen
on their swimsuit bodies per se I don't
think that's what the judges are
actually looking for
I've had some experience as a judge I've
judged some other state pageants and
what I usually look for is usually above
the neck you've got to be so comfortable
with your body no matter what whether
you're size 2 or size 8 you've got to be
comfortable with who you are
petition they are focusing so much more
on what's on the inside and what is in
the girls minds rather than just outward
beauty and I think that we are staying
with the times which is phenomenal a
newscaster doesn't interview in a
bathing suit so why in the world should
Miss America this could be the last
chance I ever get to walk my children to
Zoo it was something more personal for
me than just going on stage in a
swimsuit
it was showcasing all of my hard work
and everything that I've done in this
past year to grow in my fitness and my
health it's time for the announcement of
the top twelve semi-finalists I went
into it expecting you know to hear
college tuition when they call it the
finals and then didn't work out but from
a personal standpoint I improved by so
much
Madison fuller the new Miss Texas is
actually one of my best friends she is a
fellow Aggie
I am loyal to this organization it did
so much more for me than just lifestyle
fitness it changed my life
and I owe this organization so much more
than just continuing my year
you
you
