it's Wednesday October 15th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
protesters in southern Mexico set fire
to a government building on Monday angry
over the alleged abduction of dozens of
university students by local police more
than two weeks ago the demonstrations
were held in chilton zingo the capital
of Guerrero state where police shot and
killed six students at a protest on
September 26 witnesses have said that
the other 43 were taken away by police
linked to the local drug cartel
Guerrero's unidos whose leader was found
dead on Tuesday twenty six police
officers have been arrested since the
shooting and authorities are working to
determine if any of the students remains
were in the ten mass graves discovered
nearby Tanzania is moving albino
children out of their homes to protect
them from attacks people with the
condition have for years been targeted
for their body parts which some Africans
believe hold magical powers the
government has set up 13 shelters around
the country for the children but
conditions there are poor and human
rights groups and many in the albino
community say the government isn't doing
enough to prosecute those found guilty
of killings Denver authorities are
asking parents to be extra careful about
what ends up in their kids stash of
sweets this Halloween police released
this video on Monday warning residents
that their children could wind up with
candy laced with marijuana Colorado
began its first legal weed sales in
January of this year officials say the
edibles sold in dispensaries are
typically made using knockoff candy
button bulk and that there's really no
way to tell if they've been infused with
marijuana new regulations passed in
August require edible products that are
weaker and come in new packaging to
avoid child tampering and accidental
overdoses there's really no way to tell
the difference to offer the most
authentic desert experience for its
Street View application google has
turned to an obvious expert on the
landscape a camel named raffia is the
first animal to carry the company's
trekker camera for four hours a day over
the course of a year the animal traveled
across the dunes of li hua and Abu Dhabi
which opens up to one of the
largest fans of desert in the Middle
East the camera snapped a series of
photos that were then digitally joined
together to create a 360 degree virtual
landscape of one of the most mysterious
and unforgiving habitats in the world
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
men women and children are led to safety
by immigration authorities
the next day all of the families had
fled the center where they were brought
to knowing all too well that the Italian
and EU system will leave them trapped
between past and future
you
