Alfred enemas in de medina de la
almudena
anapest raghavan watch a movie ticket
arcavir canada mahadeva dominic luvisi
rustic in each other
so we're just on our way south of Silla
to the closest border town of kobani I'm
going to find the closest spot we can
get to see the Kurdish forces battling
Isis I know there's been a few
airstrikes there recently where people
have been sore camping out as well to
watch them because they can't cross the
borders which have now been closed
between us is flat ground and sort of
towards the hilly area buildings as
kobani we try to get closer but we were
turned back by a checkpoint over there
you can also see like a row of cars that
are parked up I'm guessing their cars
have been abandoned by people who wanted
to cross the border it's not just people
from kobani here you have Kurds from all
over the south of Turkey or from all
over Turkey or coming here too so in a
sense some sort of support a stand to
see what's going on firsthand
Benna for a couple of days they're not
allowed back in they've just left to
stand here and watch as I know she's
gone so - in your but not food kobani
just a habanero impossible Celina people
Kabir
she hotter give me the Gatorade BG drew
with the birthday Vanessa died down on
who ad lib Alana mahadeva epic a Latino
Cioffi Canada mahadeva dominic luvisi
rasa King Nutella just found this Tagus
canister apparently a couple of weeks
ago when everyone stood here watching
you get too close and they'll tear gas
you
about then to have link below but when
does a lot of little bit that mean had a
bit mean helpful army oats are funny I'm
on took a photo montage we have that - -
what you did you survive under what he
mention out their phone on all of
Gallipoli a pneumatic who went ahead
okay first if you want an ammonia water
body play around so decide on fire on
your side to fetus in Pinole venkata
bhatta or up a panic in la Cubana
basura can hail our solid tetra - I'm
tired
Tamara Posada Kathleen multi-beam - in
Medina party when Indian rahimuddin is a
phenomenon in some snail alphadon evil
villain dr. Medina al Qaeda al medina
Latakia a locked okay Malik lambda
doctor on a delay as we want to the
certificate games oscillate happy dr.
Kathleen at the local tofu cattle okay
Kennedy Carlos Martinez anonymity with
an indica kobani cannot allow kingship
up anyway
obviously the borders are all controlled
very tightly so access is limited and as
with these men here we can only watch
from so far
there's still a thousand civilians
inside and I think about 2,000 at the
border waiting to get in with their
cattle and sheep so you can see kobani
and just in between us are I think about
a dozen Turkish tanks who are just
showing force that they haven't moved
they're not doing anything and there's
no no clear indication of what they do
plan to do you have this stage besides
the airstrikes I can hear waters and a
lot of the heavy gunfire it's quite
surreal feeling like being able to watch
this town like which is the next village
on and you can hear all of this going on
you can't imagine what it's like on the
ground
I saw the show no salt no minimum
balance of Anila truck Nana she knows a
lot appeared at a gala guru masala till
TMF releases she on the turkey ax
chef Adia could be UNIX rot obsidian
cerca de da Shi titia but attent
effeminate rock and basura Cubana
knowledge a smoky
