name your pen sherry Yovani you know
veneering per gallon pavan Iranian
normal llamo Vanessa bra aphasic Amanda
- Louie voice you don't you tell me why
my not a devil started showing me a spot
Michael Persinger Donna she'll be a
little too pushy I wanted to look at
what options migrants in Italy had if
they were allowed to stay from what I'd
heard it was by no means an end to their
struggle while trying to reach other
parts of Europe many migrants get stuck
in southern Italy so that's where we
went next along with to coach loads of
Africans being escorted onto the
mainland for processing and possible
deportation the police guarding them
weren't taking any chances our first
stop was Rosano Rosano is a small
agricultural town in Calabria on the
Italian mainland at first glance it
looks like anywhere in southern Italy
but three years ago it was very much in
the news she tossed at a Mesa furrow FUO
cos idiot appear to Tala no taeyang came
at anata see sono front a jetty McGraw
ta forza del orton a two toes are a
vapor Tito da Cunha kolp is Perotti das
kann oh shoot a gun few chilliad are a
compress Aquino Fiorito al Cooney McGraw
T the 2010 race riots were among the
worst in at least history as African
fruit pickers took to the streets
protesting conditions described as
subhuman but have conditions improved
since as we arrived we spotted a group
of migrants sitting on the edge of the
road waiting for some kind of casual
labor for the day to come their way
after making our approach it was clear
that many did not want to be filmed it's
quite hard to gain people's trust they
really don't want to be filmed if
they're caught talking on camera then a
farmer isn't going to employ them they
don't want to show that they're kind of
against the way they're treated they
don't want
being exploited eventually a Marlene
immigrant agreed to share his
experiences getting by in rosanna
Yemi river pollute rebecca treat rant
pile a little endian pop religion
pollute reverse it Aviles ancien Italian
game
Buddha preached Valley traversée person
having Buddha pronto Authority move in
animism and home is a camp set up after
the riots by the government has now left
the migrants to their own devices
donnaught on tape a deluge Oh Patricia
on ville cosas on tokens are paddling me
camellia Dubois civilization Dubois DC
avec la fecha de progressive Paula
mentioned nor Dabashi futon loo MP t
volatile Latvia asam Suleiman had fled
the Malian Civil War been kidnapped in
Libya but eventually managed to get on a
boat to Lamba deucey only to end up here
with few prospects to improve his
situation it's just like a refugee camp
I mean it could be on a border in West
Africa to see people living like that
and Europe is shocking the state
provides little help so it's down to
NGOs and concerned civilians to act this
bus regularly takes migrants to
improvised food and clothing banks the
man who tries it is bartylla a local who
during the 2010 writes help move
immigrants to safety but compared lucky
people he's about to let on about the
same amount of people again this road is
pretty treacherous if he makes a wrong
turn but it's bye-bye to the minor
population of rosanna at the NGO center
some aid is an offer
while the migrants help themselves to
clothes and awaited a hearty Italian
meal Bartel invited us to visit some
squatters living in nearby fields Europe
in suqiu temple bus if you purge or
enrich the key quantum cambium I decay
quar peu tempo pasta
if you near revonnah kai o Adam no - I'm
okay
so Lucas Allah , Noi al Cooney DeLauro
vegan OPA dele pasty Covidien arrested
over 700 a stone post of kale or oh so
no chink want assistant a lot of salmon
and Oh lunch manova cada caribbean
philosophy law person you know a person
for the logic person in an orange grove
owned by local farmer lives rafael he
arrived 18 years ago from burkina faso
even with residency papers he has not
found a job
so no average everyone
how many people live in here the
challenge I'm inventing a defense on
first amulet register to me at all it's
easy to sleep in here with this many
people and Casino acalypha
obligatory kid or mature men carry money
for a sequel again okay no no no to
replace fossil content rapid army rail
or kiss tomato ketchup up and Army Air
Force on Magary Rivera say that's on
supersonic pedometer for dinner before
you left for kena Faso for Europe you
must have had certain expectations
bulimic in Nakano save up your pens out
okay Empire condo right key to rule
avoid replay name your pension your
money the me open
oh no me open conscious Africa cave 11
orator RA in Italia Europa knows Oprah
Natalia IOT Concilio Dino veneer a perky
an on pavan Iranian tea it's just
ridiculous I mean these are all like
able-bodied men and they're living in
these ridiculous conditions I mean no
one should have to live like this just
as we were leaving the owner of the
orange grove turned up he had a bone to
pick with his unofficial tenants provid
REO declare not ship over near a pure
she's poliana nudie s-salam inoko
full shake p.m. all you know Pavan uber
a robot a vegetable is knowing someone
to acquire new hobby
Ricky no William Oh linear avatars
Estacada abandon autocracy normal yama
vanilla beat a pro a paisa commander -
Luke was you know quite minority
devastated so let me respond to our
token of hydrogen on spotty all of you
though we drove in la campaña miss puno
waving a closet every toe nail a
companion before tuna watching Carson no
cameramen to suit our own own albero
completion cheetalicious gary gelato
cozy yo conozco pero no me de ver
frequencies
Narayanan my bottle Oh stepped in to
ease the tension tension which is never
far from the surface among the locals
are another controversy fraud he bull
Gary at any mr. Near Eastern air
rendezvous no over and over and over
tender and renewable way at all talking
some of the locals around here about
migrants there are some mixed feelings
you know it's an old population a white
population all Italians and you know
there is a lot of friction this was a
very traditional place and it's changed
forever sit for migrants sunny coming
few decades a lot of people who are
understanding but again a lot of people
who wish they weren't migratory and it
seems like the migrants have had enough
to with a steady stream landing on
italian shores every week things
certainly aren't looking up
