these are desperate times decidedly
those times they'll be doing
as much as I can and working in
credibility in treatment center would
that be possible so we headed into our
redemption hospital right now which is
sort of in the belly of the beast here
with the outbreak it was supposed to be
a holding center but it turned into a
treatment center because patients had
had nowhere to go
we headed in to meet the medical
director dr. Mohammad Sango
who had been overseeing all efforts
against Ebola so did you build this all
we built this one year when the outbreak
started we juggle a few days registering
when they decided that we do you have
because you weren't a holding cell until
recently we found out I use 14 sometimes
instead of we in our waiting these
patients are yelling machine without
taking them you need to be right right
foot please and was your stuff I mean
were they trained to handle this stuff
before the outbreak started no yeah for
this particular item
to some extent yeah yeah the practical
aspect will be theoretical you see the
theoretical truly and be practical it's
one thing in the classroom one thing in
the field sir what yeah inside yeah yeah
what are you waiting to move inside
redemption Hospital which is typically a
free clinic was only supposed to be a
holding center for Ubaldo patients
before they headed out swear for
treatment when patients started flooding
in however it became a de facto
treatment center trying to cope with the
influx as best it could the health care
workers that you have that are treating
these patients psychologically what
they've seen the past few months it's
gotta be very very hard on them so we
have hot series of death of health
workers lots of them have died you can
see the difference between a developing
country like America if you have people
and obviously all of those cases that
went one acknowledge them time do i it
is not because the virus passing it is
because of the way they undo the
management of the disease the medical
infrastructure errors are there but one
able to calculate to the list are much
of food lost by this patient able to
calculate to the list a lot of
electrolyzed and what kind of
electrolyte that is lost and then
replaced and you don't have that
capability here the capability
this is all-in-one they're not part week
it's difficult so difficult to continue
with meet Edmonds we read those who have
experienced such pandemic before to come
to a head
how are you coping emotionally now I
have to put I have to put this stress I
have to talk you know if not I will be
cutting of circumstances I always tell
you if you think so much about the
disease and become frightened what is
supposed to do to protect you you cannot
lick it you will not eat you will not
eat wisely we fear that when this fire
consumes you that this is equally
confusion you have to be a lot you have
to be alert at all times no sleeping on
the disease no sleeping or your emotions
would be possible follow you around on
camera use get around but you may get
cut away or there are certain areas as
you can be
yeah I mean we have we have PPE suits at
University photos on you want to put
into the DPI video you want to go into
nature into a treatment center would
that be possible
because when you boarded is it captain
yeah where you go to a test Antonio
silicon you got infected and become
infectious to you take those things off
in taking those things of they need any
and daily advice between with obesity
taking those tips of these those
infected materials that's how you get
some idea anything just see what happens
we heated the doctor's advice and
decided not to enter the treatment
center instead we headed back to NSF who
had recently started taking in patients
again so we're at the MSF clinic right
now they've about 160 beds here and
that's not enough at all you know
they're they're doing the best they can
but people keep coming in and out last
week there were a hundred survivors they
were able to transfer out but the worry
right now is that this thing is
increasing exponentially and it's gonna
keep growing and growing and growing how
hard is it for you guys to turn people
away at the gate that you know are sick
and need help that's the worse things
that we have to do on a daily basis also
with this specific disease we are we
have the risk of the spreading
when they go home that's why we give the
kid it's one of the worst thing and what
is also very difficult that we don't
know what is going to stop because as
long as there is not enough bed capacity
in the in the city we will have to
continue to do it behind me right here
is the MSF gate where people line up to
get in so every morning you know they
come out here around 8:00 8:30 and
judging by the people who have died last
night and the people that have been
released because you know they've
stopped showing symptoms that's how many
people they can let in and the people at
the gate have to do a sort of triage
where they see the sickest people they
let them in they follow down this road
right here and you can see the seats
down there where they await sort of the
next step in their treatment that
they're gonna get how does it feel being
a Liberian person and watching your
country go through this seeing your
fellow citizens in here in these camps
and then there not being enough help for
them right now well to say the least
this is an emotional period for me and
every like Irian and so every day to see
our brothers and sisters turn up at
hospitals
they cannot be taking it simply because
these facilities do not have the space
it's really emotional it is
heartbreaking it's been almost two
months since I last stopped going to see
my mother and my daughter was pregnant
and because I just read that our desire
desperate times decided in those times
James is waiting for his test results to
come back today and then they'll don't
make him we'll find out if they get okay
so if he told us about Dominic who had
tested positive for Ebola and recovered
when his three year old nephew James was
diagnosed as well
Dominic decided to come back to the
clinic and help him recover there is
strong scientific evidence that once
someone survives Ebola they are immune
to the strain with which they were
infected and you made the choice to come
back in and take care of him you weren't
scared to help
I think I got his gun later that night
young James's test results came back
negative
he had been cured of Ebola and him and
Dominic were able to leave the clinic
James is that clinic's youngest ever
Ebola survivor that's just day after day
after day of more people coming and
coming and coming
yeah they're difficult for our staff as
well is that people are working
incredibly hard but by ourselves
we'll never be enough to weaken this
outbreak under control so yeah people
are making that horrendous choice of
turning people away
you're on health care every day and then
yeah people die you know - does it feel
sometimes like you're fighting a losing
battle of sorts I think that that's part
that makes a great deal of people that
they'll be doing as much as they can and
working incredibly hard so as we've seen
here at MSF and among the local
Liberians that we've hung out with that
are combating this thing everyone's
really doing all they can you know no
one really has the capabilities the
infrastructure isn't in place and no one
really expected to get this bad and for
the epidemic to grow so quickly there's
hope that with the influx of US troops
helping with the building of additional
treatment centers and the international
community finally paying attention the
spread of Ebola in Liberia can be slowed
some however feel the international
community has responded too late and it
will now take a much bigger effort to
get the outbreak under control
