it's tuesday october seven and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines outgun
Kurdish fighters vowed to fight to the
last man refusing to abandon the Syrian
border town of kobani to Islamic state
militants Isis forces are pressing in
from three sides pounding the area with
heavy artillery in recent days Turkish
tanks have moved to defensive positions
overlooking the passage border the US
and EU have been pressuring Turkey to
secure the border Turkey's border with
Syria has been the entry point for
thousands of foreign fighters hoping to
topple Syrian President Bashar al-assad
and Japanese authorities are still
searching for survivors from last week's
volcanic eruption of mount ontake heavy
rain suspended search efforts but
Japanese Ground self-defense force
troops are now returning to the
mountainside they discovered four new
bodies over the weekend raising the
death toll to 51 several audience
members interrupted a weekend
performance by the st. Louis Symphony
Orchestra with a musical protest for
Michael Brown the unarmed black teenager
killed by police in August shortly after
intermission two protesters began
singing the civil rights song which side
are you on the audience and symphony
players watch and some clapped as the
two protesters were joined by others who
stood and continued to sing 45 minutes
after the interruption the protesters
scattered paper hearts from the balcony
that read a requiem for Mike Brown and
left chanting the video games that
distract you from studies can now end up
helping you pay for college Pittsburgh's
Robert Morris University is now offering
America's first athletic scholarships
for skilled players of the game league
of legends the scholarship covers half
of tuition as well as Ruben bored
check out the Bison his youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world it's
been a lot of chaos here and that is
because there hasn't been a lot of
communication every single day you have
20 cases yesterday 40 cases today and
you know that tomorrow is gonna be 70
they can't make one little mistake
because if they do it's gonna spread one
of their team members is gonna get sick
it's gonna be even harder to get people
to do this job
