it's monday october six and hear some of
the news beyond the headlines tens of
thousands of people demonstrated in
France on Sunday against surrogacy and
medically assisted conception the
protests were organized in Paris and
Bordeaux by the group demo for all whose
grassroots movement failed to prevent
france from legalizing same-sex marriage
last year the crowds chanted slogans
against any laws that would help lesbian
and gay couples who wanted children
neither practice is currently legal in
the country a counter-demonstration in
paris drew only a few hundred people
Mexican authorities have discovered mass
graves that may contain the bodies of
dozens of university students who went
missing more than a week ago after
clashing with local police in the
country South DNA tests will attempt to
identify the remains which were found in
at least four pits on Saturday outside
the town of iguala in Guerrero state 43
students disappeared after police
attacked their protest in the town in
Lake September killing six people and
injuring dozens others 22 police
officers have been arrested since the
incident for excessive use of force the
Federal prosecutor's office took control
of search operations after the grapes
were discovered
Somali soldiers have recaptured the last
coastal stronghold of the Islamist group
al-shabaab bur always served as an
al-shabaab supply route for weapons and
food fighters also used the town to
launch attacks on the capital Mogadishu
which is located about 135 miles
northeast of it the loss of Barawe
serves another blow to the militant
group after us airstrikes killed its
leader Ahmed Abdi gadani last month the
former Haitian dictator known as baby
doc has died jean-claude duvalier ruled
the Caribbean country with brutality for
15 years until a popular uprising forced
him into exile in 1986 like the father
who ruled before him baby doc pocketed
government money and cracked down on
political dissidents an estimated thirty
thousand people were killed under their
rule baby doc shocked Haiti when he came
back 25 years later he was charged with
human rights crimes within days of his
return but successfully argued that the
statute of limitations had expired
Duvalier died of a heart attack in the
capital port-au-prince on Saturday at
the age of 63 check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world they said if people refused
them there is no spirit there is not bad
for the compaq in your community is
ginger as long and that's how it spreads
further because y'all about yeah yeah
very sick they were formative what it's
doing to the house
