it's Friday October third and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
plans of a controversial Israeli housing
project surfaced just ahead of a meeting
between prime minister benjamin
netanyahu and US President Barack Obama
on Wednesday anti settlement watchdog
piece now released a statement
condemning Israel's intentions to build
more than 2,600 units in a largely Arab
part of East Jerusalem the city's
municipality only announced the project
last week but it seems a planning
committee had approved it back in
December 2012 the US government says the
plan calls into question Israel's
commitment to peace with the
Palestinians a summit of nobel peace
laureates plan to be held in south
africa has caused international
controversy the country has come under
fire for refusing to grant a visa to the
Dalai Lama which it's allegedly done
before under pressure from China several
other laureates pulled out of the summit
in protest of the decision prompting the
events cancellation the exiled Tibetan
leader says he's being bullied he was
scheduled to deliver an address to mark
the 25th anniversary of his Nobel Peace
Prize and to honor the late Nelson
Mandela Ecuador's government has
apologised to an indigenous community
for allowing oil drilling on its land
without permission a 2012 decision by
the inter-american Human Rights Court
ruled that the country violated the
community rights of the sorry aku tribe
who live in the southeastern jungle
region of pastaza Ecuador has paid the
community 1.3 million dollars in damages
in addition to the apology the Federal
Aviation Administration has redirected
flights from traveling over a beach in
Northwest Alaska where thousands of
walruses have sought refuge about 35,000
walruses have piled onto the sand near
point lay because the sea ice they spend
most of their time on is melting the
fears that noisy aircraft could panic
the animals and cause a catastrophic
stampede walruses aren't accustomed to
being packed so close together the
increase in such incidents has caused
the US Fish and Wildlife Service to
consider expanding protections for them
as an endangered species
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world we r
del working on a daily basis the tip is
sick people for the bureau's community
so other people can get affected I can
tell you sometimes the soul can be
learned whenever I'm saying my citizen
died on a little busy people are getting
sick with dying my brother oppositely
the Ebola virus is spreading at alarming
speed this epidemic could kill hundreds
of thousands of people in the coming
months
