the center people refuse them there is
no space there is no up dead
for the whole pack in your community is
dinner and that's how it spreads further
because now divide we are prepared to
sacrifice into duty service for the
library 20 cases yesterday 40 cases
today and you know that tomorrow it's
gonna be 70 these are real people with
real stories and realize bola in
infectious disease that spreads through
contact with bodily fluids including
saliva and sweat has an extremely high
fatality rate and is currently wreaking
havoc in West Africa the recent outbreak
which is the largest of all time really
took hold in March of 2014 in Guinea it
quickly spread to Liberia and Sierra
Leone with cases also found in Senegal
the Democratic Republic of Congo and
Nigeria as we gather here today the
people of Liberia are in crisis the
Ebola virus is spreading at alarming
speed this epidemic could kill hundreds
of thousands of people in the coming
months right as a US President Barack
Obama announced that he would be sending
American troops to help combat the
epidemic vice news headed to Monrovia
the capital of Liberia to document the
fight against the disease with around
3,000 confirmed cases of infection and
nearly half of those cases having become
fatal Liberia is now the center point of
the epidemic right now is a first-line
defense against Ebola which is for
eating so besides washing your hands
this right here this is key and you'll
see people walking around without with
spray buckets with just like little
little satchels or little little
canisters on their belts we first headed
to redemption hospital which has become
ground zero for Ebola cases in the city
many potential cases are sent there
first and the hospital is overflowing
and lacking the proper infrastructure to
treat them how to manage how to be able
to continue rally you find X although it
is beyond our capability or our own
destiny this is the reason why everyone
is confused as soon as we arrived we saw
desperate people outside trying to get
Tremont I'm sorry sir are you okay here
we in a lot drink
so he has he has the virus yes so why
can't we get him inside right now I'm
great at the CIA I can follow weird okay
yeah get me a bit is there space are
there beds inside there pair ways
you boss Everywhere's occupy yes okay
gentlemen we were just talking to
outside has been waiting out there for
two hours
um he's clearly very sick he clearly has
the virus but there's just there's just
no space and there's really no one there
that's that's taken care of and
everything is completely overwhelmed so
we tried to bring him to the attention
of the people here I'm sure they know
already but um you know the man's gonna
sit out there there's nothing anyone can
do right now there's just a complete
shortage of medical professionals of
healthcare facilities of space to treat
this disease which is powerful the
district 13 ambulance service I just
brought admission on board with the
ambulance as you can see in the picture
still humble and we are waiting for the
nurses then I can back off here and then
as far as efficient on the ambulance and
why are they waiting is there just is
there's no room in the UH and a holding
center right now they're trying to
create space are you are you scared I
mean day to day you're around really
sick people yeah because I I'm working
for my country and working for my people
to sit right at least a lot of people
live to be safe we are they're working
on a daily basis to tick is sick people
from the borough's community so other
people can get infected I can tell you
sometimes the soul can be whenever I'm
saying my citizen
died on a date of business people are
getting sick with dying my brother Appa
seven eight we then heard a commotion
around the side of the hospital a female
patient scared and wanting to see her
family had fled out a side exit
hospital staff tried to get her to go
back inside as a crowd formed there's a
crowd of people right by the exit the
hospital where patients are coming out
clearly not the right way to contain
this disease I hope you bus sick but die
every day some of the crowd told us that
they were family members of sick
patients upset about not being able to
see and get updates on their loved ones
back out front Paul Gow is trying to get
sick family members admitted inside
hai-yah
so awesome hundred members I'm using
toilet so they're sick
there are simple English there are time
I'm going to community came from so
today I'm lazy
yeah I'm ranking here but then we do
come here with them well Acharya made
them yeah I think evident that was
sacrificing the part of the problem is
stopping the spread of Ebola is the lack
of treatment facilities and trained
health care staff at JFK hospital the
situation wasn't much better we then
headed to a clinic run by Doctors
Without Borders also known as medicine
sans frontiere or MSF that morning MSF
had stopped that meeting new patients
because of a planned expansion and
because one of their expat health care
workers had tested positive for Ebola
MSF had been on the frontlines fighting
Ebola since the beginning of the
outbreak and had been pleading with the
international community for more
attention for some time they too however
are forced to turn away patients Paul
who we had met earlier at redemption
Hospital was now at MSF trying to get
treatment across the street we met
Victor Marcos who was trying to get his
older brother admitted to a treatment
center with no luck have you tried to go
to the hospital they say no
all the evidence call him nothing you
can go to GfK and you can order more
hair bring a person to the center and
right in here design know where you can
enter or know to look for I'm gonna rock
so Jeff cases go to MSF MSF says they
can take your go take it off what can
you do now what if I can u multipied
don't do I
nothing I can to people I don't have any
Hospital yeah I'm willing to go for a
ring yet I'm gonna when you book so I
don't know what to do I'll confuse while
we were talking to Victor a woman who
live nearby
approached and told us that some sick
people in her community had been turned
away from the clinic they had just
returned home and she feared they might
spread the virus they said people
refused them there is no Spears there is
no death for the walk back in your
community is ginger as well and that's
how it spreads further because know
about yeah yeah very sick they were
formative toilet una se√±al to the house
where are they right now yep even Ellen
everyone on a fad and you call
ambulances you call police no one does
anything anymore even went the Attic
kids any resource you have the people
man people are dying
is it okay for us to talk to them
they'll be okay with us come on about
yeah
what do you think well you think it's
okay to go what's your what's your don't
go inside the house what's your vibe I
don't think your your face right I don't
know what to do after a short debate we
decided not to follow up on the
potentially infected neighbors for fear
of our own safety and because we didn't
want to give the impression that we
could provide help we are trying to look
at all of the sick people we engage the
city watch pain look at the bezel leave
for instance if in Beulah is misprinted
it's done it is all of our defects
