in Toulouse in the South of France
violent resistance to a dam being built
in the cévennes forest recently broke
out to build the damn machines
authorized by the city's general council
began clearing 41 acres of trees and the
first in September up man Dabra the
time we arrived 80 people had already
been arrested some of the activists have
been unfriendly towards the media
reportedly pelting one journalist with
stones
the new media has only mean that I take
operator on diversity dollars only see
the machine you get Hawaii trivita la la
tribal for widows events alike the lousy
complete among comparable servants the
services so we've come to Toulouse to
the forests where we've heard that
around 100 environmental activists are
essentially occupying the place now as
soon as we got here we saw a load of
activists in masks they came and threw
petrol on these barricades that they've
made set them on fire and have just gone
off so apparently the police were on
their way and in the last four days
they've been here quite a lot the white
police and these activists have actually
been throwing Molotov cocktails at them
hurling stones at them and the police
have responded with tear gas and rubber
bullet missiles
please to just shooting all these tear
gas rounds into the field it's
dispersing is actually quite disgusting
already we can get through oh yeah it's
good so we're just trying to get past
this block came with the activists on
the other side when they've tire -
Entenmann's no no no no don't come
because there's booby traps which is you
know no good for the police were just
over here I'm so we're gonna try and
find another way through to meet the
activists I guess for this forest on huh
the group's fighting in the forest were
a mix of anarchists peaceful
environmentalists and general nomads
who'd all teamed up to protect the trees
they referred to the forest now as
desired which translates roughly as the
place to defend
this is the machine that the
environmental activists are up in arms
about and they're doing this to make way
for done with the environmentalists are
really angry about that they say that
there's around 94 endangered species
here right in this forest where we are
in the distance you can see clouds of
tear gas which is because some of the
environmentalist have actually climbed
the trees and essentially living inside
the trees to stop this machine uprooting
them so the police are trying to get rid
of them now and it looks like they
probably just fired some kind of tear
gas into the air to I guess make the
fall out of the tree
the police were saying to us earlier
that we need to get out of here for our
own safety because there are gas bombs
and that you know they're trying to
class some of these activists as
terrorists which seemed a little bit
over the top but as we've come to this
barricade here there is literally a gas
bomb wired up perfectly to the barricade
so it's wired around here Jesus look at
that it looks to me like they're
preparing for war the police just found
all of these Molotov cocktails which
seem to be are you ready to go how would
you describe your source I mean the
police down there would say no you know
some of these people are acting like
eco-terrorist some say militants I mean
what do you consider yourselves oh it's
a trial it hits and warm it respects it
up a trade for a wall Palmolive journals
the peasant solution menthols Isis
ideology seems the battle for a sambar
Vista back on tomorrow knows in the past
basically some pre movie roles of
it we've seen what looks like a gas bomb
yeah they're like what's all that about
how did happen Allah who put that up
it's the idea that if if cops think it's
a real bomb they should explore albums
with the special team and they can lost
enough day you take a long time for them
yeah it's it's the only idea irony of
them real I don't know already I don't
know I I don't think so maybe maybe one
but very little just to say it's not all
fix
after about an hour of running around
the activists fighting with the police
the police chasing them through the
woods things have died down a little bit
but in the distance you can hear this
massive machine just mowing down trees
which is essentially what the activists
are fighting against which is why
they're picking up rocks and throw a
Molotov cocktails but at the same time
it's quite weird because over here
you've got like a really nice camp it's
almost like some kind of hippie commune
so maybe you could explain to me what's
been going on here with the police and
you guys
I love sec only a father was Irish the
pieces and yeah it was actually policy
it's not about the causation agenda fat
balding cemented watch a suppose Kiwi
firm a once a week is metallic it is
individual bacteria I could compete with
himself
and why why you guys here what is it you
want to achieve with this protest a
battle which took a policy coherence
insane creations
omocha Makiki season todavía that's case
of exodus acrylic and web john could see
that in politics from cranky from all at
once as a specific is resistive mo you
know what do you think is gonna happen
next
nigel has never unsee back on this pair
of em okay Ramona thought about
Investors carry mother has no alibi
previous a motive
well joke Baskerville militias planet to
speci C say that's only you kuba I don't
really play samples and he told me that
was noisy for the ECC them I'm just
worried this PT activities so we're just
following the activists now and they
kind of mobilizing in teams all around
the forest trying to stop the police
from coming through
but who knows we keep sitting with ugly
ppl example the student participant is
up drunken ecstasy won't chant on the
front of a light you watch it watch you
go sweetie
upon local Phoenix
so the activists are mobilizing right
now Justin as people come out a voice
apparently the police coming from all
sides so I guess that preparing to fight
like in the moment so that fist just
brought bag of rocks now everybody is
mobilizing moving further into the
forest you can literally see the police
maybe ten yards away and your looks I
think is gonna kick off soon
the police are moving forward now
everybody's running off
so we're back Cutler's up this morning
and the first thing we've noticed is
that overnight the activists have dug
out a trench in the road and placed
spokes all through there which will stop
the police if the police come through
here this morning which we're certain
they will do and move the barricade
they'll drive down here and all their
tires will burst as they're trying to
get past all the trees that being cut
down overnight which ironically seems to
work to the activists advantage because
they can pull these up make barricades
set them on fire and try and mess with
the business
although the consumer debt machine is
only for dyz was imported reserved
yahuwah's people need to force the Lord
Buddha Dharma region up Mabhida what's
gonna happen is that I have the place
trying to victus camp we gotta fight no
do you see Pacifica cool doin a sequence
to be you know I don't so where we're
standing right now
one week ago there was a whole forest
here like there is in the distance these
machines have been coming in pulling out
the trees you know they want to make a
dam but these guys are really angry
about that and now people are pushing
through to the front the police to stop
people moving through and we've got
people climbing the trees here I guess
they're hoping that if they're having
the trees the machines can't come and
chop them down but the way they've been
moving at the moment they might just do
that to be honest but tell me why you're
so upset about all this
the mutant mutant foyers the statistical
resource facilities area that's an
anomaly to go in at the Okavango alko
alko i'm simone equals but as to
consisted of journals yeah it was uh
give my life away sorry i'm support
ladder this is some people white noise
disability to keep second okay
no no no but as well as we don't know
sample
something on Delta
in sequence
Angela or conversely dollar ones and
only use in decretals
like Megan accosted Dylan this is an
evolving
okay so things are getting really tense
now the helicopter is hovering all
around this site the police are just in
the forest there they're looking to push
through to move everybody off of here
they've apparently got a court order
that they're now allowed to proceed and
evacuate
you've got people masking up there are
gas canisters over there I've seen
bottles exchanged hands police hiding in
the woods all different directions and
up that way is where we saw the more
militant people yesterday where we saw
the gas canister bombs and the barricade
so we're just sneaking around through
the forest with any flash banks going
off at the main camera as we tried to
get through to police to come out he did
have a pet on him which I saw earlier a
weapon which was like a spike with some
pepper on the end of it so he's quite
drunk but it's got me one of the
weirdest photos I've ever seen we were
looking for Molotov cocktails improvised
gas canister bones people saying their
clown activists eek-eek hides fronting
the police and the black box running
around in the forest with balaclavas on
attacking the police so straight
Taco Bell
hoppity despite the best efforts the
activists were fighting a losing battle
with hundreds of trees torn down he
looked as if little could be done to
stop the machines destroying the
wildlife in a similar situation are not
to darm in 2013 many of these same
groups stopped an airport being built in
the countryside through their direct
action the victory here looks a long way
off for those fighting in the forest
