it's Tuesday September 30th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
mass graves have been discovered near
Ukraine's embattled eastern city of
Donetsk a group of pro-russia rebels
claimed they found the decomposing
corpses of four fellow separatists and a
mine worker the men all had their hands
tied and internal organs removed and
some of them had been decapitated a
medical examiner confirmed they were
each shot multiple times in the head and
body the rebels say there are likely
dozens more bodies buried in the area in
that Ukrainian troops are to blame in
oil spill in central Chile is
threatening the wildlife and local
fishing industry some 800 gallons of
crude leaked from a state-run tanker in
the coastal Quintero region on Thursday
residents and fishermen have pitched in
to help rescue penguins and birds
covered in sludge and the government has
sent 700 people to handle cleanup
operations environmental experts are
investigating the cause of the spill and
if there's any legal recourse
Venezuela's government is using a new
fingerprinting system to monitor
customers at six state-run supermarkets
across the country officials say it will
help stop smugglers and hoarders from
stocking up on the limited number of
subsidized goods a consequence of
soaring inflation rates and a decade and
a half of currency controls which have
caused major food and supply shortages
some economists say the measure won't be
effective in remedying the problem and
that the scans invade privacy members of
a radical Muslim organization have gone
on trial in Belgium on terrorism charges
prosecutors are accusing the group
Shetty after belgium of brainwashing and
sending young Muslims to join militant
groups in Syria 15 of the 46 defendants
are being charged with leading a
terrorist organization only eight of
them were present at the trials opening
on Monday while many others are believed
to be fighting or have died fighting in
Syria the group announced it was
disbanding two years ago but authorities
believe it continued to operate and
recruit fighters and that the ones who
returned could be trained to launch
attacks on Belgian soil
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
these guys were their heroes you know
they're taking every risk they can
they're aware of the dangers they're not
ignorant about it 20 cases yesterday 40
cases today and you know that tomorrow
it's gonna be seven days these are real
people with real stories and in real
life
you
