it's Friday September 26 and here's some
of the newest beyond the headlines a 29
year old man has died of his injuries in
the Chilean capital after handling a
homemade explosive early on Thursday a
witness film the aftermath of the
incident which was the latest in a
string of attacks that officials have
blamed on anarchist groups police cordon
off part of the neighborhood as they
search for other devices two people have
been jailed in another placed on house
arrest while authorities investigate
their alleged involvement in a September
8th attack at a subway station that left
14 people injured more than 100 child
soldiers have been sent home in Myanmar
the country also known as Burma but the
UN says armed groups are still
recruiting kids from poor families human
rights groups have reported that boys as
young as 11 are picked up at markets and
public transit stops and then threatened
if they don't agree to join the army
Myanmar promised in 2012 to release and
reintegrate all underage recruits within
18 months activists claim that despite
the agreement an unknown number of
children remain hidden within the
military's ranks Israeli police are
denying Palestinian women access to a
laksa mosque in Jerusalem a spokeswoman
says women aren't allowed in until
midday because they're chanting disturbs
tourists and non-muslim visitors men
under the age of 45 are also prohibited
from going inside to pray the mosque is
the third most important site in Islam
after Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia
I'm truly sorry for the loss of your son
some might say it's too little too late
but the Ferguson Police Chief has issued
a public apology to the family a slain
teenager Michael Brown in this video tom
jackson says he's sorry it took police
four hours to remove the body of the 18
year old who was shot dead by officer
Darren Wilson on August ninth Jackson
also apologizes to the Missouri
communities african-american residents
who demonstrated for weeks after Browns
killing accusing law enforcement
officials of racial profiling and
mistreatment the department is now the
subject of a federal investigation
that's looking into how officers are
trained there stop and search protocol
and you
to force check out the Bisons youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
honda hell around on the net for
that elusive one for six weeks using
basic tools Islamic Front engineers dug
their way beneath the police
headquarters then they pack the tunnel
with explosives
you
