could you take the Drake photo for me
you want a drink photo yes please okay
left hand here all right you're gonna
hold on to this okay now position your
body a little bit like this
well your hair is a little longer than
drinks is but that's okay should take
out my glasses you didn't have glasses
okay yeah right put your head down in
this direction okay look a little sad
there we go we made it
drinks fifth studio album was released
on Friday and by Sunday it had already
broken the record for most streams in a
single week but this is not Drake's most
impressive number in his hometown of
Toronto Drake's more than just a rapper
he's a walking economic stimulus package
I would say at least once a week call me
tonight I see an open table reservation
with a personal note that says can we
have the Drake table please I want to
thank everybody from the city for coming
out tonight
Drake helped revive the mostly
forgettable Toronto Raptors by becoming
their hype man when he came out also it
added that cool factor into it it
definitely rose ticket sales that rolls
merch sales and it rose the general
feeling about the team by far clearly it
affected culture the perception of
Toronto by Torontonians
is free Drake and post straight it's a
real thing everywhere Drake eats grabs a
mic or shoots a music video has seen an
impact so with dozens of places he's
probably never even been to a while back
Drake popularized calling Toronto the
six after the four one six area code and
ever since
Toronto's been swamped by six computer
stores six SoulCycle classes and even a
six Indian food restaurant I have to be
honest in terms of looking at Drake he's
done a lot more than actually even I had
been aware of
Gordon hinging does marketing consultant
for major brands in Toronto and he says
the Drake brand is directly feeding into
Toronto's eight point eight billion
dollar tourism economy how much is
Drake's cosin worth to the City of
Toronto to the economy we did some
calculations that suggest that he's
worth about four hundred and forty
million to the Toronto economy
twenty or forty million four hundred and
forty million there are a number of
factors that go into that calculation
but we gave Drake five percent of that
eight point eight billion dollars why
because he's helped to rebrand the city
he's kind of made himself kind of the
same as Toronto naturally that's
attracted the attention of Toronto's
politicians councillor norm Kelly has
used the Drake effect to sell
merchandise and make himself into an
ironic internet celebrity and I'm in
Japan next week actually so and then
this councillor Michael Thompson he's
responsible for attracting foreign
investment into Toronto part of his
strategy is traveling the world trying
to turn Drake cool points in a Canadian
dollar signs I was just in New Orleans
over the weekend and the reason why I
was there we were there to secure a
technology conference to come to Toronto
for the next three years and I talked a
little bit about Toronto who we are the
number of people living here and so on
and when I mentioned this was Holland
great the people just kind of went crazy
just the mere mention of his name and
how much how much money is this tech
conference gonna bring in the tech
conference will bring into the City of
Toronto about a hundred and forty seven
million dollars so you use Drake as a
selling point to bring in over a hundred
million dollars and when borrow steal a
big anything I can to help me to promote
my city the native son is here he's got
a great brand I'm gonna kind of itch her
selves on it a little bit and get pulled
up along the way along with everything
else that we're bringing forward right
and it seems to be working
you
you
