it's Thursday September 18th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
former British nurse is the first of
sixty healthy volunteers in the UK to
get an Ebola vaccination that could help
curb the epidemic in West Africa
pharmaceutical giant Glasgow smithkline
developed the drug from a modified
chimpanzee cold virus and a single Ebola
protein so it can't trigger either
disease the company plans to produce up
to 10,000 doses and if it's proven
effective thousands of health workers in
Africa will be the first to get them
Colombian FARC rebels have killed seven
police officers in the country's
northwest the police chief says the
leftist rebels bombed a truck in
c√≥rdoba province and that five officers
were critically injured in the ambush
President Juan Manuel Santos has warned
that ongoing peace talks with a
guerrilla group could be undermined if
rebels continue to use violence inmates
at a central Bolivian prison are writing
for the second time this week fighting
broke out at all abra prison in
Cochabamba on wednesday just days after
a riot on sunday killed four inmates and
injured 11 others including a pregnant
visitor inmates set clothes and sheets
on fire to prevent prison officials from
searching their cells for weapons
officials blame the violence on a turf
war between rival prison gangs but some
inmates and their relatives claim it's
because of the prison's culture of abuse
trade unionists and activists in the
Cambodian capital have joined a protest
held by hundreds of garment factory
workers to demand higher wages they're
trying to pressure international
retailers like adidas Levi's and Zara to
raise workers monthly salaries from a
hundred to one hundred and seventy seven
dollars a month many Western brands
outsource production to Cambodian
factories because the labor is cheaper
than in China disputes over pay and
working conditions have sparked similar
demonstrations in Cambodia before
security forces killed for striking
garment workers in a crackdown on
protests earlier this year
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
best client you ever get is one that
thinks they're walking into an abortion
clinic the ones that think you provide
abortions be truthful put it in your
advertising we do not provide abortion
services we will help you with your
pregnancy that's what they should say
then if someone wants that service fine
we're a free country people can have
their own beliefs but don't lie about
them
