lord have mercy lord have mercy since
the Supreme Court's 1973 ruling on Roe
vs. Wade made abortion legal in all 50
states the country has been bitterly
divided over the last several years
pro-life activism has become
increasingly apparent in the political
sphere in 2013 lawmakers in 32 states
proposed some 476 provisions restricting
access to abortion many of these
regulations have nothing to do with
health but are often petty restrictions
designed to make it difficult for a
large number of legal health centers
that provide abortions to even stay open
these include strict requirements for
parking lot size room temperature and
even the height of the center's grass so
as clinics across the nation close the
pro-life movement is replacing them with
their own alternative facilities called
crisis pregnancy centers we headed down
to a pro-life demonstration in DC to
learn more about their strategy
there are thousands of people at this
march for life and it's not just
families from all over America it's
church groups and over half a dozen
Republican Congressmen despite the
freezing temperature
thousands of pro-lifers came to
Washington DC for this year's march for
life marking the 41st anniversary of Roe
vs. Wade
Lila Rose is a rising star in the
pro-life movement she spent the last
eight years making undercover YouTube
videos targeting Planned Parenthood and
abortion clinics she now advocates for
one of pro-lifers most effective
strategies against abortion crisis
pregnancy centers it's really amazing to
see thousands of these community
pregnancy centers all over the country
popping up near abortion clinics or
around them they are varying degrees of
services but the whole intention is to
help women and give them positive
options so they're fighting the
day-to-day battle of saying we can do
better as women in abortion to get a
first-hand look at one of these
facilities we headed out to a Center in
Maryland run by Ken at one of the
largest chains of crisis pregnancy
centers in the US Canada has over a
thousand locations across the country
that's the at least half a million women
a year we're at a canid Center in
Maryland right now and Roland Warren who
is the president of Canada is going to
give us a tour of this particular
facility to show us the kind of services
that these places provide clients will
come into these rooms and very
comfortable rooms sit down with one of
it one of the nurses or one of the folks
that would kind of talk you through the
process and you don't really what you're
trying to do is you're trying to meet
that person at their point of need after
their counseling session the center
offers women a free sonogram no so this
is like a it looks like a doctor's
office this is where we do altra sounds
and again all the services that that we
have at pregnancy centers are free while
rollin wouldn't let us sit in on a
counseling session he did take us to the
sent his biggest room and the last stop
and many pregnant women's visits so this
is all donations that come from churches
and other supporters of the Pregnancy
Center it really is a wellspring of
compassion
from folks that have a real concern and
they want it's not just about you'll
saving a baby it's about raising a child
this service might be a welcome one for
women looking for help with their
pregnancies but crisis pregnancy centers
are targeting women who are seeking
abortions Abby Johnson is an activist
like Lila Rose we found a clip of a be
leading a crisis pregnancy center
training session in it Abby reveals how
these centers misrepresent themselves to
draw women away from actual abortion
clinics women that are seeking abortions
women that are pregnant that are
vulnerable they are going into Google
and they are typing pregnancy symptoms
there's a way in Google where you can
basically set that search to your
website your website would be the first
one that would come up we want to look
professional we want to look
businesslike and yeah we do kind of want
to look medical the best client you ever
get is one that thinks they're walking
into an abortion clinic the ones that
think you provide abortions the end goal
of all these tactics is tricking
pregnant women and it works Donna is a
Texas woman facing an unplanned
pregnancy who mistakenly booked an
appointment at the White Rose Women's
Center thinking it was an abortion
clinic the White Rose had come up in
search I can't remember what I searched
for but I know definitely had the word
abortion is like hi how much do you
charge for abortion first trimester
under 10 weeks so we don't discuss
pricing on the phone we'd like to come
in we'll give you a pregnancy test for
free if you qualify
I saw the gram and it didn't occur to me
that there was a catch and so they took
me back got my medical history I mean
there was a lot of talk before and a
video I had to watch starting the
sonogram she penny huh penny was very
insistent on God in my life you really
need God in your life
okay
just keep my mouth shut just wait wait
for the sonogram to be over but it was
like 20 minutes all all anti anti
abortion and I was on a table like
vulnerable with a sonogram machine on my
stomach like I couldn't get at and I
remember thinking to myself there's no
possible way this can be a medical
facility what happened when you tried to
leave she pushed the sonogram machine
back into my stomach and held it down
and I had to physically remove her hand
I said we are done here
and then I took everything else off and
I got up and I left the building penny
called me maybe four or five days later
and I'm sorry you left angry the other
day when you were at our clinic I
apologize if I offended you I certainly
didn't mean to we care about you and
your baby we just want to help all of
you I would like to offer another
sonogram please give me a call let me
know how you're doing penny at the white
rose one it's it's awful feeling being
in in that place
and I can't explain why it's you going
and asking for help but not they're not
giving you that kind of help the hair
has came forward I feel like I was laid
to I feel like I was tricked we call the
white rose in our own to ask about
getting an abortion to see if Donna's
experience was an honest mistake or if
women were intentionally being misled
abortion policy that we just like people
to come in and we can discuss them and
don't agree to go back to the White Rose
wearing a hidden camera to show us
firsthand what women with unplanned
pregnancies go through during one of the
counseling sessions even the White Rose
women sent his location seems designed
to fool women
this is Ruth Street abortion clinic it's
one of the last few in Dallas Texas
right across the fence is White Rose CPC
crisis pregnancy center Mayan benin last
week to get a sonogram and i had talked
with penny before Donna sits with a
counselor she has to watch a video
listing all the potential dangers of
having an abortion even once with a
small chance of happening
and other complications with reponsible
death the video then warms as fewers
about the mental health problems that
claims result from having an abortion
despite the fact that research by the
American Psychological Association found
no evidence for such claims during
Donna's counseling session
they misstated her pregnancy by two
weeks this is important because the
further along a woman is in her
pregnancy the fewer abortion options she
has to choose from you know a lot of
people it's very hard to conceptualize
how big a baby is I can actually show
you this is a 12 week old fake okay you
are more than welcome to have this the
counselor went on to list health risks
associated with abortion one thing is is
on the relationship of breast cancer
tumors okay every time you have an
abortion your risk increases to be clear
multiple studies have found no
connection whatsoever with abortion
leading to increased risk in breast
cancer as Donna leaves the White Rose
she decides to confront the women who
initially deceived her on the phone
and we don't do pricing on the phone
because there is no crisis well if you
were misled all I can do is apologize
okay and again I apologize if you were
duped but we have to fight for each
other that's what God wanted us to do is
we're all supposed to help each other we
went next door to Ruth Street Women's
Clinic one of the few abortion clinics
still operating in Dallas
Bethany Herrera has worked here for 21
years I want to ask you now about your
neighbors whiterose yes what's the
history with them why is there a crisis
pregnancy center right next to you well
what a great place for one many of our
patients who have appointments for a
given day
it's almost every day Oh call and say oh
my gosh listen I had an appointment at
like 8:30 I know it's almost 10:00 can I
still come so what did you have a
problem no I've been over here next door
and I thought I was at the wrong place
so they didn't tell me and it's very
common for you know patients to come in
and say you know I went over and and
they tried to talk me out of it and then
I called him back and said can I come
back and have my abortion anyway because
even after they'd been there they still
didn't understand that wasn't a real
clinic they just thought you have to go
through the gauntlet because if they
were upfront with him about what their
purpose was and what they did no one
would go the white rose repeatedly
denied our request for an interview but
they are far from the only center using
deceptive methods to draw women into
their facilities
Katty stock was 20 when she learned she
was pregnant in looking for an abortion
clinic and looking for somewhere to go I
went into what was a crisis pregnancy
center I had kind of been looking for
information and had googled like
abortion in my hometown and a website
had come up that said that they offered
abortion education so I went in and
spoke with them and got a lot of just
misinformation things that I knew were
probably not true to her experience
Katie founded the crisis project which
is devoted to exposing the misleading
practices used by crisis pregnancy
centers Katie uses a hidden camera to
record her conversations with counselors
we wanted to see her in action so we
decided to tag along so you are going to
be a girl who's pregnant and I'm going
to be your uncle's wife right anthem law
no need to do is work on this American
accent and what some of the ways in
which you make them believe that you're
actually pregnant well so I actually
have pregnant pee so I the thing that
makes the pause the test is detecting
the HCG hormone so I'm able to kind of
mix a pregnant woman's urine with my own
and then the test comes out positive so
you carry around pregnant pee with you
just what I'm doing this yeah we just
want you to be sure you're aware of
exactly what you're doing if you you
know
decide for termination because the it's
not it's not the easy thing that people
make it out to be a termination
not you know abortion doctors are the
most ethical doctors in the world number
one you know I mean you they they make a
lot of money very fast it's all cash
business I mean I'm just being honest i
I just I'm just worried about her being
safe and I'm just wondering if those
like is there any safe way for her to do
it it could never be safe because it's
it's so totally unnatural I mean your
body is meant to keep that baby not to
have someone put an instrument in and
rip it out
katie has recorded visits in over 40
centers around the country at every
Center she was misled and provided with
false information designed to scare her
out of terminating her pregnancy
actually seeing reality the reality of
it seemed a little hard just you know
sometimes they turn to drinking and
drugs to help them forget sometimes they
just push it way down and on the
anniversary it comes up and they have
nightmares and things like that if
people die due to an abortion later on a
lot of times they're finding parts of
the fetus in length the lungs or the
heart the misleading practices and
misinformation have become so widespread
New York congresswoman carolyn Maloney
is trying to pass a law to crack down on
crisis pregnancy centers and the false
advertising they rely on how do crisis
pregnancy centers affect the average
taxpaying American the average taxpaying
American would be shocked to know that
part of their money is going to fund
these centers in fact of the Lost Decade
crisis pregnancy centers have received
tens of millions of dollars in taxpayer
money through state and federal funds
this includes grants earmarked for
abstinence education and faith-based
programs I feel very strongly that you
should have proof and advertising
federal money should not be appropriated
to any organization that is lying in its
advertising misleading and handing out
fraudulent information when the
scientific evidence is to the opposite
side they purposely advertise that
they're providing abortion services when
be truthful put it in your advertising
we do not provide abortion services we
will help you with your pregnancy that's
what they should say then if someone
wants that service fine we're a free
country people can have their own
beliefs but don't lie about them the CPC
in the larger scheme of things is part
of the overall goal of taking away a
woman's right to choose there is no
right to choose if there isn't access to
choose it's estimated that as of 2014
crisis pregnancy centers outnumber
abortion clinics five to one making
access to abortion more difficult than
ever it's all part of the pro-life
movement plan and why pro-life
legislators are steering millions of
taxpayer dollars into these centers
they're not just talking about ending
abortion they're actually ending it Wow
any politician can say he or she is
pro-life actions speak louder than words
my goal and the goal of many of those
joining me here today is to make
abortion at any stage a thing of the
past
and if lawmakers like these have their
way we could see the end of safe and
legal abortion in our lifetime
