it's Tuesday September sixteenth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines dozens of African migrants who
were hoping to reach Europe have drowned
after their boat capsized off the Libyan
coast Libyan Coast Guard officials
collected bodies floating 11 miles from
the capital Tripoli on Monday they were
only able to rescue 36 of more than a
hundred passengers last week the
international office of migration
reported that nearly 500 Arab migrants
were feared dead after human traffickers
rammed and sunk their boat near Malta
one of Egypt's most renowned activists
has been released from prison on bail
Alaa Abdel Fattah was granted a retrial
for the 15-year sentence he received for
charges of organizing an unauthorised
protest beating a police officer and
stealing his walkie-talkie the presiding
judge withdrew from the case over what
he described as disrespect for the court
after prosecutors presented home videos
of the activists wife dancing as
evidence against him a blogger and
outspoken government critic I've defect
out with a leading figure in the 2011
uprising that ousted former president
hosni mubarak Yemen's Shia Houthi rebels
have earned support from an unexpected
source in this video obtained by The
Associated Press a high-ranking army
officer declares that he and his brigade
quote endorsed the voice of the people
in their demands for justice and
legitimacy military and police forces
have begun to crackdown on protests held
by the hearth ease in the capital sanaa
the group wants a new government and the
reinstatement of a fuel subsidy program
and negotiations to end the unrest have
so far been unsuccessful
pakistani opposition groups say police
have arrested around a hundred activists
who have been calling for the
resignation of the Prime Minister
cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan
and cleric Tyrell Kadri have led
thousands of their supporters in weeks
of protests that have become plagued by
violence on Friday authorities began
over night raids on citizens across the
capital Islamabad Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif has refused to step down over
allegations he won last year's election
through voter fraud check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world ana kissed raphy tea well all
these people actually come from real
anarchy in a flat for me Florida I
cherry says well expression political
observer where r as well that's
underwriters John Knox da da da capo
nino gaggi me if he knows he buys
association comigo specifically GNP upon
me home
