it's about 15 minutes left until the
ceasefire begins people are pretty happy
here I don't know if it's because they
think the ceasefire is actually going to
take effect but what we've heard over
the wires is that apparently the deal is
that everybody gets to keep the
territory that their last positions were
out when the ceasefire begins and the
separatist have already announced that
they're never going to be a part of
Ukraine again yes Lee a pretty media the
streets in a civil suit so what fitness
minute video is up would she move our
narrative Pirie media the annual Stoney
video you know person cuz I reveal an
easily village a civilian Maryam a
poroshenko iam you cannot see baptistin
Couture economy risk
so cute these guys are skeptical that
this ceasefire is going to hold what do
you think I think maybe the sale and
don't know this main idea of this
negotiation with Putin maybe it will
have on some result in future or maybe
we'll put ourselves a big hole
we will see if the ceasefire holds and
these lines become maybe semi-permanent
do you consider that Ukraine lost this
war I think maybe not war began maybe
lost one battle but not loss the world
you think the fighting will continue in
the future
I did will continue infusion
it's after 6:00 p.m. and we're not
hearing any Shell's dropping we're not
hearing any guns firing so it looks like
the ceasefire might actually be real
it's the first day of the ceasefire and
everything's quiet at least in this part
of Ukraine but we can see the results of
the fighting over the last two days it
looks like this tank was hit from the
front with an explosion so powerful that
it actually threw it backwards onto
these concrete wave breakers we heard
about a ukrainian tank being hit
yesterday and we saw a number of them
heading back into the city this was
probably one of them
this is the road between Murray Opel
held by the Ukrainians and Nova zovsky
held by the pro Russia forces backed up
by Russia
it's a no-man's land now it's a line in
the sand but it's one that might exist
for a very long time from now dividing
these two armies
oh my god there's another Baljeet glass
that another senior value boom
the ceasefire is definitely over we
heard loud explosions out by the eastern
checkpoint it looks like it's being
shelled and we saw tanks what we think
our Ukrainian tanks retreating from
those positions and heading deeper into
the city of Mariupol
it looks like the pro-russian forces
might be trying to take this city over
we are just about 500 yards from the
eastern checkpoint which was hit pretty
hard just over the last hour it's been
blown up a fuel station next to it is
blown up and a methane fuel station next
to it has been blown up too and that's
on fire right now this is the
neighborhood closest to it and it looks
like the pro-russian forces are trying
to break apart the defences of Mariupol
this is just the brush burning next to
the fuel station that was hit there's a
strong smell of methane or some kind of
gas in the air looks like they hit one
of the army trucks here again we're
seeing precision strikes from the
pro-russia forces had to have been a
very professional army that could have
done this it's burnt to it to a crisp
let's keep going there's the methane
flaring
before hopefully problem doesn't
potemkin but phantom was always not
Linda she is shooting yeah okay Pathan
community asked aqueous 2015 learner's
to pipe when you pull villages to
Pakistan attack maniacally turnouts then
in Istanbul village we prayerfully
Sumatra not student even believe on
village pseudo commercial sterility
donation stiletto
see para kissed Tom stay drew scar
through skinny flower mr. symmetry nice
tonight nauseous term Iranian Ebola this
strike on the eastern edge of Mariupol
is a blatant violation of the ceasefire
and I don't think after this has
happened we can pretend that the
ceasefire is going to hold anywhere in
eastern Ukraine
