we're on our way to a neighborhood
called bye ii desuka dos we've been
informed that there has been a murder
there which is an all too common
occurrence here in san pedro sula
honduras second-largest city and also
known as the most violent city in the
world
there's been a surge in migration from
Honduras to the United States in recent
years we came to the country's second
largest and most violent city to find
out why so many people are leaving
during the summer of 2014 Americans were
stunned to see images of thousands of
families and unaccompanied children from
Central America turning themselves in at
the us-mexico border the Obama
administration has called this an urgent
humanitarian situation there's no snow
stop to the flow the flood of children
has become a crisis for the government
as it scrambles for solutions over all
illegal immigration from Central America
has risen about five hundred percent
since late 2010 families single moms and
children are a larger and larger share
of people who make the long and
potentially dangerous trek through
Mexico to the United States more child
migrants are now coming from San Pedro
Sula Honduras in the surrounding areas
than anyplace else in Central America
and as ordinary Hondurans told us over
and over again the outflow is being
fueled by an explosive mix of violence
poverty and inequality San Pedro Sula
sigue siendo la una Sadako Alto in de
Sevilla hasta este momento tenemos
ciento de se says menores de la queja fa
a-- sido una no solutions
El Ninos a leopa Recology Bobby a
catcher Carlos Portillo's family has
suffered through what so many other
hunger and families are trying to avoid
when they migrate illegally to the US
another family like that yo
Daniel okay yeeah alarum we entrega de
la salle de Dios muy entrada al servicio
bar a soda estudios yeah yeah la familia
melo Matar carlos told me that his son
only left the house to run a quick
errand hey el Penta cuatro de de Junio
del tous mildo say
ESO de las tren de la tarde el salió
rumba a los caminos teja pareció hasta
siente dia que encontrar Umberto él
murió en circuit onceá y una muerte
saber que tenía una muerte muy Dolorosa
porque la vía sido tirado él murió al
golpes Carlos joined here by his younger
brother lives with his wife and daughter
in this tiny three room house
impoverished to begin with their
situation has only gotten worse since
Carlos juniors murder Carlos his wife
has become severely depressed and ill
since her son was killed and he has been
unemployed for two years and can't
afford her medication they live with the
knowledge that their son's killer will
never be brought to justice
he saw a por que hagas attack on ona
su hijo No nunca her super la policia
hello dijo que la investiga anything
this to another the absence of justice
has become the norm in Honduras the
police are corrupt and often paid off by
the drug cartels and street gangs it's
estimated that less than 5 percent of
reported crimes are ever even
investigated meaning that people can
kill with little fear of consequence
Honduras has had a long history of
violence and poverty but the country's
problems intensified in 2009 when the
Honduran military and the upper class
joined forces to overthrow then
President Manuel Zelaya
in a surprise military coup months of
protests strikes and violence followed
homicides surged and hit an all-time
high in 2011 giving Honduras the
unfortunate distinction of being the
deadliest country in the world
last spring the violence became too
difficult for many san pedro sula
residents to ignore in a matter of just
a couple weeks nine children between the
ages of 7 and 17 were murdered in the la
Pradera neighborhood apparently because
they wouldn't work with the gangs
we followed the san pedro sula Medical
Examiner one evening to get a better
understanding of the violence plaguing
this city sadly it wasn't long before we
got a call about a homicide near where
the la Pradera murders had taken place
there was a body found in this tall
grass here
the investigating police are here
forensic team and then the whole area is
being guarded by the military
it looks like one body
this young man had been tied up gagged
and beaten the police didn't find any
identification on him so like so many
other victims in this city he will be
classified as unknown each month the san
pedro sula morgue buries dozens of
unclaimed unidentified bodies in a mass
grave in order to make room for the
three to seven additional bodies they
receive each day we heard a lot that
people are migrating because of the
violence here in san pedro sula and to
see it you know to see a young man that
looks like a lot of the kids who are
migrating it puts into perspective why
so many of these kids are leaving like
Sundance call me this in Assam buddy see
Olga Guerra lives in a rural community
about 45 minutes outside of San Pedro
Sula two of her brothers were murdered
within a couple years of one another
like most homicides in Honduras the
police never investigated and the
killers were never brought to justice
Olga's family has grown more
impoverished since her brothers were
killed a mother of three herself she's
taken in her brother's three kids plus
her aging mother she's finding it
impossible to support everyone no
sobrino Skaven IE que yo tengo a cargo
los nah mi hermano lo mataron is mondo
low Matar yo my Madre responsable de
ellos y como tamuka surge Oh Olga finds
work from time to time cleaning houses
but she says the work isn't consistent
and the pay of about ten dollars per day
isn't enough to support the eight people
in her household para tener mis hijos be
ended area datin Aaron menos UN trabajo
Seco most Argan and OH keen en tonin
Pierre diario para no bien ma o menos
tener ro frijoles agua que pueden tomar
tener es una elección ah manana pero no
puedes
on top of that she has to worry about a
gang extorting her on her way to and
from work como completo ma la cosa
porque silly das in quaint acción de
ellos hasta sendin eros a lo que ganas
koalas donde que de Natasa necesitas
comida diarrhea in May of 2014
Olga heard a rumour that had become
easier to enter the u.s. she took her
five-year-old boy Chris with her and
left her two teenage girls behind to
look after her mom nieces and nephews
after three weeks of traveling through
Guatemala and Mexico Olga and her son
made it to the US border but like nearly
seventy thousand other Central American
families this year they were caught by
the u.s. Border Patrol Olga and Chris
spent two months in a Texas detention
center they were deported back to
Honduras in July c'est la vie Remes
chameleon macho poor pay porque media
rajole esposa hey yo le dije dey ain't
areas y la por ESO se terminó por que
vota saruman darlin do stayed upon me
a-- pero voy invent our modem o
tennessee da da obliga sir cosa sabes
que no destro las tienes que ser
congressional debate about the sudden
increase in immigration from Central
America has focused primarily on
deporting people like Olga as quickly as
possible in an effort to discourage
others from migrating to the best thing
that we can do is send a clear message
that in America there is no permisos if
you make that journey you're going to be
sent back to your country mr. speaker
the House today is bringing up their
their only immigration related bill and
it has just one message deport deport
the port at the same time the Obama
administration has been putting pressure
on Central American leaders to address
the poverty violence and inequality that
forces so many people to leave Honduras
is one of the most unequal countries in
the world and where I'm standing is a
really good example of that
behind me is a neighborhood it's a
squatter settlement with tin roofs and
wood houses a very very poor area but
literally just right across the river
and right across the street is this
really nice neighborhood with beautiful
houses there's little doubt among
experts that this kind of inequality was
with the 2009 military coup aimed to
preserve
since the coup the richest 10% of
Honduran society has gotten richer while
the other 90% of the country has gotten
poorer two-thirds of Hondurans now live
below the national poverty line and one
in four live on less than a dollar per
day on Durin's migrate or worse turn to
a life of crime because they have no way
to get ahead in their country truly
addressing the root causes of the
migration and murder that's plaguing
Honduran society will require efforts to
reduce inequality and promote upward
mobility back in July President Obama
asked for 3.7 billion dollars to cover
the costs of apprehending detaining and
deporting Central American immigrants
but kervins amaura's story shows how
making relatively small investments in
underserved populations in Honduras can
prevent illegal immigration before the
problem reaches our border so this is
something anima sung on a most part of
gopher dia and this is one of the houses
that I lived when I got deported from
Mexico
ten years ago kurvin was like many of
the kids who are migrating today he was
raised by an unemployed single mom in a
village outside of San Pedro Sula like
Olga kervins mom felt like she was out
of options so she took 12 year-old
Kervin and his nine-year-old sister on a
journey through Guatemala and Mexico
their final destination was Oregon
kervins family made it about halfway
through Mexico when they were caught by
Mexican immigration authorities they
were forced to return to Honduras
I remember being pretty depressors
couple months after the trip because I
really really wanted to reach Oregon but
I came back to school and and thankfully
you know God knows why things happen but
it ended up to me being something
positive the deportation from Mexico
soon after curvin returned to Honduras a
private elementary school opened in his
rural town the school aimed to provide
the same kind of high-quality
english-language education that
upper-class kids in the cities receive
but at a price poor families can afford
the wealthy people will always put their
attention to best schools in the country
international schools bilingual schools
private schools right there's not a
single wealthy person that will say oh I
would trust the Honduran system I will
make my kid go to a poly school since
the 2009 coup the
Duren government has cut education
spending and often fails to pay its
teachers leading to recurring strikes
that caused nearly half of all school
days to be canceled
this leaves kids on the streets and
vulnerable to recruitment from gangs it
also means that they grow up without the
skills they need to get good jobs Kervin
excelled at the bilingual school he's
now on scholarship at the University of
Delaware and lives in the u.s. legally
privileged is usually only afforded to
upper-class kids not someone from a poor
family like his visualisation changed me
they they told me that I could dream
they told me that it's all right to
being a poor country and still have
dreams and still try to carry them
although Kervin migrated legally to the
u.s. to continue his studies the real
objective of the elementary school he
attended is to give low-income Hondurans
the skills they need to be successful in
their own country and their approach
seems to be working none of the 90 kids
who have graduated from the school have
migrated illegally many have continued
on to study at universities in Honduras
and abroad or secured good jobs and
companies that require English language
skills of course the best-case scenario
would be greater public not just private
and international investment in
education but instead the Honduran
government is cutting programs that help
poor kids go to school while at the same
time investing in a so-called prevention
program run by the military called
guardians of the homeland yes this
program gets kids off the streets but
instead of teaching them what they need
to know to get a job or start a business
it inculcate s' them with military
propaganda and firearms training but
it's not surprising that this kind of
program would be implemented by
President Juan Orlando Hernandez who has
a history of using military solutions to
solve the country's problems for its
part the US Congress has proposed little
in the way of addressing the root causes
of Central American immigration focusing
instead on speeding up the deportation
process and spending more on border
security
there's no silver bullet to the Central
American immigration crisis but one
thing seems certain
as long as families and young people
continue to live in fear of murder and
deprivation illegal migration will
continue no matter how quickly the u.s.
Deportes people
Olga's case-in-point she was among the
first Honduran families deported back in
July during the height of the border
crisis two months later she's already
planning her second attempt to enter the
US illegally
apparently the challenges she faces at
home far outweigh any deterrent
presented by the u.s. Border Patrol
