it's Thursday August twenty-eighth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines with the help of us
authorities Peru has carried out its
biggest cocaine bust of the year so far
police seized more than three tons of
the drug hidden in a coal shipment that
was bound for Spain in Belgium the stash
had an estimated street value of more
than 70 million dollars and was
discovered in a house near the remote
western town of Juan Chaco the bust was
a result of a six-week sting conducted
with the US Drug Enforcement Agency and
ended with the arrests of two Mexican
and seven Peruvian nationals Peru is the
world's top cocaine producer and most of
it is trafficked to neighboring Brazil
or through Mexico to the US didn't avoid
that place when of Colombia's most
notorious hit men is free after serving
22 years in prison John Jairo Velasquez
known as pop I worked under drug kingpin
and founder of the Medellin Cartel Pablo
Escobar Velasquez was sentenced to 30
years for the nineteen eighty nine
assassination of presidential candidate
luis carlos Galan and has confessed to
killing several hundred of Escobar's
rivals Velasquez left a high-security
prison in the central town of combat ah
on Tuesday under heavy police escort
presumably aware of the risks he faces
because of his past
one of the world's largest copper mines
has been slapped with a multi-million
dollar fine for a toxic spill that
contaminated the water supply of nearly
a million people Mexico's Environmental
Protection Agency has find the Buena
Vista mind three million dollars for
damages inflicted after around 10
million gallons of sulfuric acid leaked
into two rivers in Sonora state three
weeks ago officials accused mining
conglomerate grupo of lying about the
cause of the spill and about the
measures taken to minimize its damage
the company says legal action taken
against it is unfair and too harsh for
model I was like it's too early to be
discussing politics eat your cereal a
Scottish TV ad aimed at convincing
undecided female voters to reject next
month's independence referendum seems to
have backfired the ad features a
Scottish mother who speaks
simplistically about the referendum from
her kitchen and ends with her statement
that she'll vote no because she won't
quote gamble with her children's futures
the word sexist and condescending were
among the most common criticisms in the
torrent of Commons posted online
following the videos debut the pro-union
campaigned behind the ad better together
insist the script was compiled from real
conversations with focus groups and
potential female voters around the
country sounds a bit too good to be true
if you ask me you know the thing is I
got the Bison his YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world sent
a shitty poor initial que implica mas o
menos ochenta sonam en toda lugar a la
venta cason sunday na manado hunka a sun
prairie Amenti Fortaleza donde SE se
realiza burov antenna go traffic Odessa
Fortaleza Esteban custodia de vago
trafficante fuerte meant arm out
you
