it's Wednesday August twenty seventh and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines they've seized large swathes
of territory in Iraq and Syria and along
the way it seems members of the group
the Islamic state have scorched the
earth of weed this video posted online
by the group claims to show militants
burning marijuana plants in the town of
Octavian in northern Syria a monitoring
group says the Islamic state captured
several towns and villages in Aleppo
province from rival armed groups two
weeks ago the station was a video for
accomplishing a dutch national jailed
for murder and peru has gone on hunger
strike johann von der Sloot says he's
protesting against his recent transfer
to a maximum security prison in the
Andes Mountains which authorities say
was because he threatened a warden after
a cell phone found in his possession was
confiscated the 27 year old is serving a
28-year sentence for the murder of a
Peruvian woman and remains the main
suspect in the unsolved 2005
disappearance of American Natalee
Holloway in Aruba Pakistani protesters
say they aren't leaving their campsites
in front of the parliament despite an
order by the Supreme Court to leave the
premises supporters of opposition
politician Imran Khan and cleric Terrell
Kadri marched to the building to demand
the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif more than a week ago they claim
the election that brought Sharif back to
power last year was rigged even though
international observers concluded it was
mostly fair
ah keto dijo be a big a Taiwanese
politician turned a meeting with the
mayor into show-and-tell on Monday wang
xi chen wield a giant inflatable Trojan
horse adorned with the Chinese flag into
the type a legislative council he used
the ancient Greek symbol of war to
demonstrate his belief that the mayoral
candidate nominated by the nationalist
Kuomintang party to stand in the next
election shouldn't be allowed to run
because his views are too pro china
taiwan slit from mainland china more
than 50 years ago Beijing has tried
repeatedly to persuade the island to
return to the fold Wang slow up statue
was empty but his message was clear
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
