it's Monday August 25th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
pro-russia separatists in eastern
Ukraine have made a mockery out of the
country's independence day while
Ukrainians in the capital Kiev marked
the split from the Soviet Union with
parades and speeches rebels and donetsk
march dozens of prisoners mostly
soldiers through the embattled city
crowds lining the streets chanted at the
captives and others through empty
bottles and rolls of toilet paper at
them ukrainian President Petro
poroshenko announced on Sunday that he
would spend three billion dollars to
re-equip his forces to continue fighting
the separatists China has executed eight
people in the country's violent stricken
Northwest the men are all believed to be
members of the Muslim Uighur minority
and were convicted on charges of
terrorism murder arson and weapons
production three were accused of attacks
in Beijing's Tiananmen Square last year
China's government says it has disbanded
50 so-called terrorist groups in the
Shin Jang region since it began a
security crackdown in may following a
string of deadly attacks human rights
groups claim repressive policies are
fuelling the unrest well I understand
the passions and the anger that arise
over the death of Michael Brown
President Obama has sent three of his
aides to the funeral of a black Missouri
teenager whose death has sparked
sometimes violent protests and reignited
a nationwide debate over racial
profiling and the militarization of the
police Broderick Johnson has the White
House Task Force known as my brother's
keeper an initiative launched six months
ago to empower young black and Latino
men Marlon Marshall and Heather foster
who work in the White House Office of
Public Engagement are also expected to
attend Obama has been criticized for his
response to the killing of 18 year-old
Michael Brown politicians analysts and
residents alike have said America's
first black president hasn't done enough
to address the social inequalities that
african-americans continue to face our
parents are scared for us to even come
outside
Mexico has a new police force but it's
far smaller and more specialized than
the one initially promised president
Enrique Pena Nieto has created a 5,000
member federal force to guard the
agriculture mining and energy sectors
from criminal gangs before his
appointment Pena Nieto campaign to
create a police force eight times as
large to tackle crimes such as extortion
and kidnapping the federal police are
considered Mexico's best trained and
most trustworthy but critics say the new
force is too small and leaves much of
the fight against drug cartels to the
army and navy check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
recording and documentaries from around
the world if this will we have to endure
to get piecing answers that's all we
really want instead of get answers we're
getting shot it people are still getting
hurt by the police
