I think we do have a manual here the
garlic chicken
they got us some fish you can vegetable
coworker there the Samantha mitigate the
bread just one chocolate cookie on your
cookie they got a choice in the tin is
like the cookies most of the day like it
doesn't say only squares they like to
have a son you know do you ever get
feedback no no lose the dinner when we
landed at Guantanamo Bay for our prison
tour we didn't expect to see this skate
park mini-golf in a gift shop It was as
if no one around us realized this island
is home to the most notorious detention
center in the world just a few miles
from here where the highest value
detainees live Khalid Sheikh Mohammed
the 9/11 five and Here I am at
McDonald's eating a happy meal
welcome to Gitmo during the 2008
election President Obama campaigned on
the promise to close the Guantanamo Bay
detention center a place that had
sparked widespread criticism of the Bush
administration now seven years later
over a hundred detainees are still there
and it doesn't look like it'll be closed
anytime soon
ultimately the president chose not to
pursue Guantanamo because he was worried
about siphoning off the precious
political capital that he had which he
wanted to spend on his domestic agenda
Daniel Clayton is an investigative
reporter who's written on the Obama
administration and their handling of
Guantanamo Bay Obama was trying to save
the banking sector he was trying to save
the automobile industry ultimately he
was trying to get health care reform
passed and politicians have to
prioritize my number-one priority is
keeping the American people safe
Guantanamo is probably the number one
recruitment tool that is used by these
jihadist organizations keeping wanton mo
open opening it in the first place
represented a a national security threat
to the United States and and that is a
big part of the reason why President
Obama wanted to close Guantanamo it
could really come back to hurt its own
citizens absolutely and it already has
after years of limited access the
Department of Defense says it's more
open to media now so we went down to
find out what we could actually see
we've heard so many rumors about this
place it has a horrible reputation for
censoring journalists but they have a
new mission and the public affairs
officials have told us that their
mission is all about transparency now
having said that we are very quickly
told we couldn't film anyone's face wait
as far as personnel back down not the
surrounding there's any layout and it
gets out into the public I'll give out
too much information about how the camps
are filled the first stop was to meet
Zack he's the cultural adviser and
liaison between the detainees in the
guards if the detainees have a complaint
Zack helps them report it and addresses
their needs there are some detainees who
have spoken out since they've left here
ex detainees who have said you know I
was just picked up out of nowhere I was
you know an innocent person I had never
been in a terrorist organization by some
twist of fate do you think you could
have had that same fate anybody could be
traveling anywhere and there is a big
event and start gathering everybody then
the sorting so you think there's there
was a possibility that you could have
been picked up and put in here as a
detainee anybody could have been anybody
could have been anybody that easy good
wow that's that sounds like some bad
luck no I mean bad luck what happens if
a black hen happens anybody I was pretty
shocked to hear someone from the
Guantanamo staff say that anyone could
have ended up in a Gitmo cell as we
continued on our official media tour we
stopped at the controversial camp x-ray
which is where the first 22 teenies were
held in 2002
so this is on the interest to the camp
x-ray this is what they would arrive in
in the orange jumpsuits security
concerns back then they didn't want them
running around and trying to make a
break for it one of the reasons why you
see this um you see them on the ground
is these guards here at the time they
didn't have much more than those cars
they had several people - every 20 or 30
- Taney's were they all Muslim I don't
have that information
I really don't um they didn't tell us
what kind of who the detainees were when
they got here the detainees lived in
outdoor cells with concrete floors and
exposed pipes for toilets I've never
seen these before it was all under wraps
and no one knew what was really
happening here I was leaking over that
is before we move so this was the
headquarters area when you hear that
everyone was out here in the heat the
detainees were out here in the heat
sweating so were they saw was the
headquarters guys there was no
air-conditioning here on camp the only
facility that did have air conditioning
is on the left here this little shack
was the guard dog facility so what
you're saying is that the guards and
detainees both had kind of similarly bad
conditions but the guard dogs got the AC
oddly enough the guard dogs didn't get
the AC yes but this dog for the court
dose of the first 20 detainees that were
here nine have been released three more
are cleared for release one is a
convicted war criminal three are Taliban
the others are being held indefinitely
you were then taken to camp five and we
were looking forward to actually seeing
the type of cells detainees live in
today welcome to camp five Camp Delta's
100 bed maximum security detention
facility it costs approximately
seventeen point five million dollars to
construct it was put on a barge brought
down here and placed together like Lego
blocks a house anywhere from near 60 to
70 detainees on a daily basis we were
told each detainee and camp 5 is given
95 square feet of living space along
with basic items ranging from toothpaste
to toilet paper detainees that follow
the rules here get the above items those
who don't get the below every
see here in camp five is either on a one
to three minute check
that means every one or three minutes a
guard is looking directly into the cell
assessing the detainee and also for
accountability purposes do you would you
say that these some detainees were as
young as 13 when captured one detainee
turned to 89 as a prisoner here
they're from 48 different countries and
according to the government 92% are not
al-qaeda fighters we've read all about
horrible conditions with guards coming
into a cell and aggressively beating
detainees qur'an's being taken away or
you know force-feeding
is that anything that you've witnessed
or you've heard about definitely not we
I would say we have one of the most
professional guard force that I've ever
seen and allegations like that
definitely to me have no leg to stand on
having worked in there for so long have
you had any experience with Islam before
coming here have you had prior
deployments I no not at all no I'm you
know southern part of the United States
said I really experienced anything with
that have you made an effort to learn
anything about the the religion well we
have we have courses we take you know we
respect these guys and we're as
professional as we can be so dude do you
feel like you have an understanding of
the religion uh understanding no I
wouldn't say understanding okay
gentlemen welcome to camp six
I'm the camp six OIC and I'll be guiding
you through the silly today how many
detainees are you force-feeding right
now so
I'm sure you've heard this before but
certainly against policy now to discuss
any sort of numbers at all are there any
books that are any types of books that
are banned in here I would say banned
but there's we do there's a screening
process are you able to tell us what
they're in here for not obviously we're
getting away from the questions out of
panic so I'm sorry in okay
