the Norwegian brown rat is in New York
City icon but for every pizza or a
cannibal rat to win over residents and
youtubers hearts there are another
250,000 to 2,000,000 unfamous rodents
the city could do without the number is
loose because rats are sneaky and they
breed like rats fighting this Brown
scourge are the city health department
and group of people who own terriers
under Mayor DeBlasio the city launched a
32 million dollar initiative in the last
year to rid New York of its signature
rodents concentrating on hyper infested
rat reservoirs such as this park behind
me
well I ensure this works falls on the
City Health Department whose own rat
Department is headed up by rats Bert
Carolyn Bragdon with her team rat
inspectors rat faders meant stop atures
and rat erasers all whom we are about to
meet and hopefully harass rattling why
rats a problem we think of rats really
as a quality of life issue
rats are are gross you know people don't
want to go to the park and see rats but
there are also other concerns you know
rests their nesting underneath the
sidewalk that sidewalk can cave in if
they're trying to get into a building
they could be chewing or knowing or
damaging on the doors the rats caused a
lot of financial harm to New York City
infrastructure this summer the city's
Health Department is focused their
efforts on the worst rat reservoirs many
of which are nestled in and around
public housing projects they go in
between
as smart as if it can be they made these
homes they create they own the big yeah
I mean I mean it's disgusting
building off earlier initiatives like
the installation of over 400
solar-powered rap proof trash cans the
city's rat reduction team employs a two
pronged approach to its job prong one is
erro harassment which basically means
stopping up or caving invisible rat
holes so they have to find a new home
prong two is just killing them either by
putting poison pellets and bait stations
or just directly into their burrows or
more recently by using special Rattus
idly formulated dry ice basically with
dry ice they're just going to quickly
and painlessly go to sleep this is like
yeah here we go ready we're trying to
knock them down enough so that they
don't just rebound immediately while the
city does its rat work by day another
group of New Yorkers take to the streets
at night to reduce the number of rats
one foul beast at a time or sometimes
two the writers alley trencher fed
society is a nocturnal hunting party or
terrier owners and other small dogs who
were originally bred to chase rats into
their holes and bring them out dead just
right under the Williamsburg Bridge on
the Lower East Side and the hunt is just
about to begin Richard Reynolds has been
part of this rodent death squad for over
30 years and although their effect on
the city's overall rat population is
extremely negligible it's a good workout
for their dogs and it keeps their
instincts sharp when rats are cornered
they will run anywhere okay all right
they will run up your pant leg so to
prevent that we're going to duct tape
your pant legs I shouldn't just tuck my
pants into my socks er if I took my
pants with my socks I won't that won't
do the Trekker
how do you guys do are you blooded after
your dog gets your first its first rat I
can't help but notice I'm the only one
with duct tape around this club's Tammis
this is Mars Mars is a scent dog you and
Mars are gonna go right into the bags
and he's gonna try to find a rat and
push it out to the other door okay on
the count of three one two three
that's a wrap
gonna come around the back there's a big
Warren over there it's like sometimes 30
40 of them I want everybody on leash
until we're all set up and then we
 go eyes
got it
shut your ass right up different how
does credit work if Maas flushed it up
but another dog caught it is it a group
effort
okay good okay it's a team thing you get
it yeah all right what where you go yo
look at the size of this
there's still that ones the lot right
that's a lot to finish it well this one
really want that in account because it's
preggers somebody said don't you wear
gloves and I said no but I tried not to
chew my fingernails what a good job you
have hey get the capacitor on watch Hey
it's how we do what Queens New York's
down drop it thank you very much
everybody likes the rat angle but we're
really here for the benefit of the dogs
this is what the majority of the dogs
were bred for it's what they like to do
then if we kill some ranch along the
line we're better off you know it's a
good night when the dogs stay still for
this long
you
