it's Tuesday August 19 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines trains
military campaign against pro-russia
separatists in the embattled East has
not only forced them to retreat it's put
pressure on their leaders to keep
fighters in line the government of the
self-proclaimed Donetsk People's
Republic has adopted a new criminal code
military tribunals will be set up to
hear cases of treason espionage
desertion and other offences which under
the code are punishable by death top
leaders are angry that some among their
ranks are looting and using violence
against civilians which could discredit
their cause as they seek to recruit more
rebels to repel Ukrainian forces
Russia has again reminded its citizens
of the risks of challenging the Kremlin
a Moscow Court has convicted for people
detained during an anti-government
protest the day before President
Vladimir Putin's inauguration in 2012
eliahu Sheen Alexander Margolin and
Alexei gasps gaurav were jailed for
between two and a half and three and a
half years each on charges of inciting
violence in Bullock Nia square Elena
Coco Ava was given a suspended sentence
the verdict comes less than a month
after prominent activist Sergei Udaltsov
was sentenced to four and a half years
for coordinating the demonstration Yemen
has tightened security around the
capital following calls for mass
anti-government protests tens of
thousands of people joined
demonstrations in sanaa on Monday
against rising fuel prices which doubled
in July after the government ended its
energy subsidy program but unlike
similar fuel protests in the past few
weeks thousands of supporters of the
Shia futhi tribe chanted slogans
demanding the fall of the government
officials say the price hike was needed
to avoid economic collapse but the head
of the Houthi movement has warned of
quote further steps if the decision
isn't reversed by Friday
Lebanese Shia militant group Hezbollah
will allow younger men on the
battlefield as the growing threat of the
Islamic state expands the region's front
lines the organization has lowered the
minimum age for its fighters in Syria
from 18 to 16 it may be an indication
Hezbollah's army is stretched thin
between fighting alongside Syrian
government forces and battling Sunni
militants within Lebanon's borders and
while the group has its most experienced
fighters on reserve it is dispatching
advisors and trainers to new battle
grounds in Iraq check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world the worst flooding in over a
century and suddenly the war was back on
the surface asada check our sake Don
unafraid I posted tasty
you
