is adenosine almost doughboy between say
woody sake draw a conveyance go to
United Houston as a Marine Park oh oh
whoa deal at es el bolson like Sameera
is Master Yoda
what happened to the minds with the lens
life have you done more in all the
subtraction anyway coaches super sub
zero no please historian is Michael Hogg
mean I owe me an apology
two decades ago the breakup of
Yugoslavia set off the bloodiest war in
Europe since World War two stereo Evo
Bosnia's capital is still visibly
scarred 20 years on buildings riddled
with bullet holes are not so subtle
reminders of the brutal conflict it
hasn't been that long since neighbors
were killing each other but life went on
then came the floods three months worth
of rain fell in just three days the
worst flooding in over a century and
suddenly the war was back on the surface
mama code name I said what I know
boy look Artie said otaku apricot
twisters and I said Nina that is April
and there are still at least 120,000
landmines scattered across the
countryside when the floods hit the
force of that water uprooted the mines
and moved them to riverbanks roadsides
even people's backyards that's what kept
me safe demining teams have spent years
meticulously mapping the location of
each mine but the floods have undone
much of that work now they're scrambling
to track them all down new Jean cuckoo
Rosa vish is leading that mission
amadís was not touched road-raging a
positive Amina plan eval
what was the push the button to please
close it is regards you so he's not
really mean is originated one woodchuck
negative Schlick DMS Ronnie the
accidents still happen all the time
since the war ended 1,500 people have
been killed by mine explosions and
thousands injured so we're safe here
it was unsettling that the guy whose job
it is to know where the mines are didn't
know where the mines were doxology
mommy's convoy
oh yeah maybe Oh attack Iran Amina cool
smoke guillotine early promise tree Oh
talk with an Amana Picasa just said ok
to get together
eastern US similar see in a pomerode bar
a little scary to me Nevada sir acting
up a notch and pollyana them is actually
a good score Tonya Yoshitaka Donna
eleventh-hour Sutra not to beat the play
Little Miss Dianna's not to be too mr.
Nunnelee Chester it would be so easy for
him to set that thing off his hands
right on the top of it if you push down
with not even that much force the whole
thing could explode Ozma son used to
give it to the feature and I wanna
practice a discount Molly coming up oh
my 3 DC over ossetia noggin I mean
vanilla to me Renee put on sir
neither the or three III to pay to open
down if you find three mine you know in
the my flow record is 11 mine but beyond
today and find only 3 we met with him a
pop llama what the shadows matching
Eugenio to Prospera e quantum you know
opposed which is a creamy nice Hospital
de breathability abilities no almost an
abyss photopolymer glass lyrically tiny
Calista technicalities your coaches to
pushing
Oh Sadashiv periodo was the integral
Easter Sunday me nearest Rondo mobile a
cheapo stole a demon Iranian Gomorrah
post Edmodo sastra name Ostrosky Tantra
band radio app Osos red oak whatever I
work I work for them better tomorrow for
them for my family my childhood my my
phone
countless unidentified mines are now
spread across the country
yo Boston a video she's going I'm gonna
bust a generals up with a pony all what
I mean I would put on too much me Anita
Nejad took us to another more
residential area where the floods caused
landslides that sent mines sliding down
a hill into people's backyards in all
the subjects right now they're coaches
to deserves it in Oakland historian is
that motherhood mean I totally get an
apology we came across a man named
Shafiq oh who's lived here since
the war and whose crops were destroyed
by the floods
well that'd be like the father saw me a
couch all that waste like now it was
nice to put out a profit to the sensible
otaku know Aloha tessina gurad yes-mo
coup de da de da de da de bello da couch
and go business means Coppola door
neighbor's water liquid since the flood
Shafiq doesn't know we're on his
property he can safely walk so miss van
de Merwe boy why or granite ánotá he
might table that immediate mood I'm all
right well y'all miss Linda Dolloff
darlin en esto estaba miss Interpol s da
budem are sent more of a full of
strategies adversary
are devotees Aquino Civil War a mariscos
touching
well the floods brought back the fear of
living among Minds they also have
resurfaced old memories thousands of
people went missing during the war and
their bodies still haven't been found
now that floods have unearthed new mass
graves surviving families are hopeful it
will be reunited with loved ones but as
they wait they're forced to confront a
bitter past
Toyama Eugenia star Iran when Asuna card
czar Aslan Suleiman is Matt Broderick
last other brothers 20 years ago when a
Serb neighbor captured them type
Rocketeer at this model is Begley's
Zaventem agua protocol nupro tyranny two
momenta David Ezra jboden a Oh Bravo
sorrow bueno muy Chesney's all in
Estonia want a major crime ahartry
rata is add an economist who Doughboy
the twister will be sake truck now
conveys good United you're finished an
animal you know Selim believes his
brothers were killed near one of the
mass graves uncovered by the floods
workers have been busy pulling up
remains here since May
so this excavation site is obviously a
crime scene they have the caution tape
that's keeping us out of there it's an
ongoing investigation what we do know is
that there are schools that they've
uncovered that have bullets through
through the back of the school Xavier
Naranjo Santana is a forensic
archaeologist overseeing the excavation
we are working on some days that were
uncovered by the floats someone working
the electric poles came to represent
fashion I didn't buy the blocks and they
found some remains on the surface
several bodies related to the last
conflict tonight make to 93
and how many bodies have you found turn
around 16 it was immense it was a real
mess and as you can see it pours on the
ground
concrete it was just really messy what
did the bodies look like when you
discovered them and in this case there a
skeleton eyes associates pose when you
look at previous mascaras that were
found in all over the country you find
different ways of killing I'm more of a
tenacious shooting or be whatever I
succeeded with a shot in the head for
example sometimes you might find a long
trench in for this one next to each
other so that we may find a big hole
with what you are just dumping there
open the used trucks and dump the bodies
can we see some other remains we can
show you or listen because it's an
ongoing investigation so and it's never
can so you may compromise the
investigation is Asian do you think it's
possible that their remains right
undress maybe
they say busiest random for here by
police but this is not a real line we're
going to check the salary
when remains leave an excavation site
like the one we visited there delivered
to a morgue for identification
tsuzuku ood latias el bolson like Sumi
Renault is muscle neighborhood need see
as much this bone specialist receives
the remains from mass graves and matches
their DNA with surviving family members
cold in here oh it smells so bad
noisy me Supra story us a true a postman
a lost art not renewed no Jo suji darui
mom Oh Oh Cohill adieu III stood in pose
mode Nick ah static aquatic I will now
copy an identification sake soos let's
uh Tim's guillotine start Zima opposite
inherit so these are all just bones yes
just bones or just a floating he's here
do you get used to the smell in here yes
you like your job
yeah I love my job I hope so I help
somebody
yeah Auriemma caddis ooh Babaloo d papi
Enya same MO
David nice go d yq Rosemere okay pro
slow no no goes cavity host art a
comedic way my billow pune ani quiso
Emily the rat nest Amana godina Madrid
in anima Tomy grotty Mesa film PO miss
Lina toca Kosan via volley of rivet tada
a casa mia zero tada I wanna Sibelius
closet
you see how many time is try to find
where this bones belong one two three
four five six seven one seven time for
one huh why is it important for people
to have their relatives bones
I don't know men must find that for four
inside peace I must have it piece for
Bosnians the search for inner peace is a
slow and ongoing process our guide to
the minefields demining specialist Nejad
kokoro savage revealed to us that during
the war he led teams that planted mines
in the very places he now works to clean
them up favors a little small feeling
guilty
they understand that
I hope yeah I don't think it's the job
before my son run out but then you're
finished in Boston D job
rather check removal senators watry that
sad dynamo trabajo asada checkers rocky
Don and I prayed I posted tasty
you
