it's Tuesday August 12th and here some
of the news beyond the headlines North
Korea doesn't like the UN's report on
its human rights record so it's decided
to publish its own the Hermit kingdoms
association for human rights studies has
announced the report will challenge the
quote lies and fabrications compiled by
so called hostile forces governments and
NGOs commonly lists North Korea as one
of the world's worst Human Rights
offenders the UN's latest account
released in February detailed a range of
systemic abuses including murder and
torture the text
Japan is proud of the growing popularity
of its animated movies and cartoons but
wants everyone to pay for them the
government has launched a campaign
against the piracy of anime cartoons in
manga comics with more than a dozen
publishers and production companies the
manga anime Guardians project monitors
the internet for illegally uploaded
media and redirects fans to official
paid content
the penalty for piracy and Japan ranges
from two to ten years in prison but that
hasn't helped the problem consortium
claims the industry loses an estimated
twenty billion dollars a year over
pirated material from Action Hero to
martial artists Steven Seagal has taken
the next chapter of his career to the
Crimean Peninsula the American actor and
musician says he played a gig with his
blues band in the city of Sevastopol
over the weekend to unite people that
some people might be skeptical of his
motives Seagal performed for a crowd of
concert goers waving Russian and
pro-russia separatists flags the star
has come under fire for his support of
Russia's annexation of Crimea in March
and has said he'd even consider applying
for Russian citizenship there may soon
be a baby boom in Iran or at least
that's what the government wants the
country's parliament has just voted to
ban permanent forms of birth control
such as vasectomies and tubal ligation
or tube tying in may supreme leader
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei called on
Iranians to procreate to quote
strengthen national identity against
undesirable aspects of Western
lifestyles state media says doctors who
violate the ban will be punished
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
comedy Hadassah and I'm in Haridwar
where I'm sure if I'm a tequila
elimination of war
I'm a my motto for the
the heavies are stuck some hierarchy
about
