Oh
we're just driving for the center of
Gaza City and we came across what looks
like Islamic Jihad down there another
militant group responsible for rocket
fires so we're not really sure they're
doing that we can hear consciously air
so we're going to take a look closer
look
aha
so we were just driving through the
center of Garza city when we came across
what looks like an advantage it had
funeral for one of its fighters a couple
of hundred people here young kids with
guns buying into the air occasions you
can hear they're now heading off the
Burien mode today is the second day of
the latest 72-hour ceasefire brokered by
Egypt over the weekend now we're heading
to the city of Rafah which is famous for
its tunnels into Egypt where the
Palestinians are able to bring in
medical supplies food and some save and
weapons for Hamas on Friday this town
was hit very very hard by the Israelis
after they thought one of their soldiers
had been captured by Hamas but later
turned out he'd been killed in action so
we're going to try and find out what's
left of the city now
charvaka Chamizal an american selma
sreya sharp a posthumous mechanical arm
in hannah saya Lucia is a tough gamma
reactor reactor in Cairo bandana coulomb
most regional sharp inuyasha yani bag is
the oral wall diana a local luminary
shovel you call the muscle hey Nick and
have they told you when you will be able
to go back to Egypt uh lots of
categories Oh a lowly Talib okra emkin
the Sephardim killer coming yesterday
was the first day of the war where Egypt
actually opened the border letting
people escape the fighting
you've got Gardens here trying to escape
wounded people trying to get to set a
safer Hospital you even got Egyptians
who have been trapped here during the
fighting trying to get home and it's
really hot out here and it's it's not a
very nice place to try and wait to find
somewhere safer to escape to occasion
ambulance will go through and some aid
deliveries are coming in today but it's
still very slow and I imagine a lot of
people here would wish that the process
was a lot quicker
so this is what effectively passes for
passport control between Gaza and Egypt
people wanting to flee the fighting are
coming here both guards and Egyptians
what they have to do is they hand in
their passport to the guys at the front
they sit here then they wait for their
names to be called out and then they can
get put on buses that take them into
Egypt
so behind me of my left shoulder is the
spot where the Israeli military thought
one of their soldiers Hadar Goldin had
been captured by hamas militants in a
tunnel attack the Israelis shelled this
whole area houses completely destroyed
farmlands been completely ripped up it's
part of what they call the Hannibal
directive when an Israeli soldier is
kidnapped or captured they attempt to
try and stop the militants from leaving
the area so they shell the whole area to
make sure they try and kill them and
stop the soldier from being spirited
away by the militants so as you can see
all that results in is complete and
utter devastation best and their little
so the guys aren't particularly happy
that people are sort of filming the spot
apparently there are bodies of some
Hamas militants parties there recovering
some bodies of the Hamas militants
killed in that attack that where Hadar
Goldin was eventually found to have been
killed and so these guys are getting
pretty angry when you put a camera in
their direction
okay so this is the town of a kisara
this was hit pretty heavily during the
last couple of days of the fighting
before the ceasefire started families
are slowly returning to the area trying
to find what's left of their homes and
as you can see here what a pretty
massive mosque they say 700 worshippers
at any one time could could pray here
and it's been completely destroyed this
is the kind of damage that it's just
going to take months and years to repair
and millions possibly billions of
dollars over the whole of the Gaza Strip
the problem is though they're not sure
where they're going to get that money to
rebuild these towns and villages and
open up a little bit or subbulu also how
many others have another bit penny in
patellae
dr. Gribben double edge of the fe serosa
from the masjid through hazard portion
of the limited regenerated investor
detonator a shock dewater hasta her
teacher over Pasadena so not only were
the Israelis bombing this area they had
troops here as well was there fighting
between the resistance and the Israelis
here what that'll be occurs could lead
to Judith Hassan is near and your family
now moving back into cos ours or are you
just coming back to try and find what's
left of your homes I gotta do a bit
billion and already visible around
vision but what which economy I wish is
like the cinematography with a little
tentative vegetative shades are enough
of an alkyl cosa nostra voiceover at da
Vinci's
so this is the neighborhood of sugar ear
which has been hit throughout the the
four weeks of fighting in one day alone
allegedly over 100 people were killed
here and shelling you can really easily
tell why I mean this whole area here has
been almost completely flattened there's
not a single building here that hasn't
been hit by some sort of shrapnel or
explosive and again that smell of death
still hangs in the air corpses have been
buried under here for four weeks and
it's a it smells pretty pretty foul
there's no water or electricity across
the Gaza Strip the only way you can get
electricity is if you've if you've got a
generator which is obviously something
that costs a lot of money nigga fella
and bit the bike a little bit in Kerwin
mantle operatic Harlan militia CEA's NFC
and hot bomb formatted solo Vanessa Bell
a little bit her Donna Benito men are a
big beanie on him and little bit yeah
honey table hombre who Lula gate father
hey go hungry Cole Alito and already the
ghetto koala the other helped our herd
mentality lots of Union held allure
happy brain-machine Elaraby in
Palestinian Yahoo Delilah and Levy
today in Gaza City Hamas have had a
demonstration for people to show their
support for the delegation in Cairo once
the young kids lots of kids we've got a
toy guns fake grenades more and more
people are turning up from the Maus now
so we're going to head inside and speak
to a couple of people and see what they
think about the ceasefire leader if his
manager had yesterday we saw a funeral
for one of their fighters killed earlier
in the war but they only found his body
yesterday two separate militant group to
Hamas they're also responsible for
firing rockets into Israel what an
Islamic Jihad looking for in the
negotiations in Cairo left Lords a
hundred on the fire has to give her that
I was flowing into my mother's shopping
has little Sweeney mining shopping a
little in the area will be shopping a
little teeny investment - mr. yollop
Europe a lot is truly between sharpeners
for the stealing whatever an agarose our
uni half diary sharpener Philistine a
Canadian juvenile who knew Tara knots to
her we'll never hear a two-hander a
mistake even I do a solid in my body
jamming into the screaming in Japanese
loosely let I hit the edge immediacy
emotional Jackie such a fedora sell
America senator lunacy market has a son
of Zeus
inaudible nowadays learning welcome it
hard to strap across TV you are theme
Waylon Oklahoma people Barcena
is currently almost 9:15 in Gaza City
and this is the axon channel a channel
ran back from us and in almost a
minute's time there's going to be a
announcement by Hamas regarding the
ceasefire talks in Egypt tomorrow
morning 8:00 a.m. the ceasefire runs out
and if Hamas doesn't agree to Israel's
proposals then is the possibility that
warfare could break out once again you
have young man here or Shambu now in
Makena
yello-ha in Harlem in energy is a really
big article marketing in JD ignorant
geography how this desert in Corina
Machado he had higher fatty food in him
to grow one of the UCL Holika team
American goryeo a llama Daria showing
Govinda I want a stepped leader who will
have
the negative area in the other cupboard
and Kentucky happy in America who now
works in happy things very well
equally Excel or inherited a result one
can give everybody what in share would
mean up in direct he will be work till
zero CDU home and I worked in the
workplace laughing now in logical danger
and I'm a lot into Chardonnay well I see
happiness
Allah ou akbah one was removable Medina
when the clergy had Nostrum rest assured
that I shall redeem myself
