we deliver make visual allotments
Hatta B Delavan make visited oku it
landed cancelled initial is a hasta las
one of the seminal moments of 2013
hundreds of thousands of young and very
angry Turks occupy Istanbul Taksim
Square what started out as a protest
against the building of a shopping mall
rapidly turned into full-blown rioting
provoking shopping this place of police
brutality
all of which left thousands injured and
eight people dead now despite the
government's apparent victory over gezi
Park the fight against the systematic
Chandra fication of Istanbul continues
to this day one group at the heart of
this ongoing fight is the dhk PC also
known as the people's front a radical
left-wing group whose strong halls also
happen to be the neighbourhoods most at
threat from urban renewal there are also
no strangers to violence accepting that
the death toll is a necessary evil along
the road to revolution no surprise then
that the EU has officially labeled them
an illegal terror organization - mercado
de mierda Tarek salar de director
strategies
I returned to Istanbul a year after the
gezi Park uprising and wanted to meet
members and sympathizers of the group to
find out where the revolution stands
today and how far they are willing to go
in their fight against the government
that wants to take the land they call
home in OP Madonna a traditional
stronghold of the dhk PC I met evil a
member of the youth organization
connected to the group to find out how
this particular neighborhood defends
itself against the authorities why do
you ask yourself is there normally
police you can see on the streets or or
do they come with heavy weapons yeah
sure the police Bria Cola Cola get mo
Yan le gusta la shala preggers Mitchell
show this the ER between some not all
iconic party J polar act enemies they
touch thermos large the mortal enemies
lock our life shake the room is Don
Malek our superiors would you use a gun
yourself would you shoot people question
the key oldest Musa I certainly do sir
and Samira your son is two dynamics not
good design with this solar mass in the
mesh the salsa yeah this in general is
done Ananda Muslim troops in black metal
sir
and the teacher killing father cause
might sound extreme but the dhk pc has
lost numerous members to this conflict
this is a house in the dhk PC run
neighborhood couch agama clue the
portraits on the wall are martyrs who
have died fighting for the cause
Mustafa is the grandfather of one of the
most recent martyrs
she told blood-related engineer in on
zaboo then real question why did they
hunger themselves to death was among
cartilage take following two previous
hunger strikes police storm prison cells
in 2001 killing 28 people altogether 121
people died in the protests shoulders
John the Boombah Boombah cuckoos police
Seto Kaiba if did cancer savvy I told em
all not Xterra Sudoku Stan my suicide
bombing is pretty shocking to me vicious
underrated player David I'm a sinking
ship
doctor say some girls I mentioned and I
guess Mooney any bin can give it to me
Donna
Mustapha lost his grandson Hasan Farage
during a shootout on the streets in
September 2013 I went to meet her son's
mother to get her account of what
happened today
her son was killed she Johnny chettinad
Hal castle do again Jeremy's wish to
Roger Clemens a la maison de areia Yuri
Chaika do you do chase nos and ax-cut
did you see Taylor he ditched all under
not to shoot to Cheniere them they fall
under who killed how unfair it is
Felicity tablet off I still believe upon
settlers uncertain head of um sir do you
think you will get justice
Jeanine FC charter Shonda banjee Karuma
my startled are cattle area
despite a glut of online speculations
about the government's involvement
placing drug gangs into the neighborhood
there were no concrete evidence to this
effect we wanted to find out more about
the clashes with the gangs so we made
parish a local architect responsible for
building and constructions in the area
of coochie gamma loo this area is the
most valuable area in in Istanbul is
surrounded by the financial centers two
weeks ago there had been an events one
of the revolutionaries warned the drug
gangs that you are selling drug here you
cannot do do this in this neighborhood
and the great drug gangs give answer
with guns they attacked the that person
and after that event the do people get
organized and walk to the house and
demolish the house
oh this is how yes this is the house in
poor neighborhoods the main problem is
drugs they want make them not to think
why I am in this condition why I am poor
the main beauty of these neighborhoods
is that there is a social life here you
describe it almost as a some kind of
paradise yes and the government says ok
only terrorists live here yes what is
the truth now you can see the truth you
know I can see a friendly neighborhood
yeah
despite barrages best efforts to promote
the neighborhood as an idyllic haven of
good vibes there were posters on every
corner promoting a very different
political message this is saying that
the things are enough the time is for
the guns people bring all the guns to us
this organization is a serious Marxist
English organization they believe that
the main thing that change that can
change something in this country this
can be done by the gun see the next
neighborhood I visited was the
gentrified area of sulu : I wanted to
find out exactly what the DHAP see were
fighting to avoid so luckily is a
historical area of the city which was
gentrified between 2004 and 2010 leading
to the relocation of over three and a
half thousand families here matrigel
forego a human rights activist who could
tell me exactly how the government
implemented gentrification program
mr. Buddha naked are the big shoes to
suit ever mix them and then old I'm
ready could the solution all right
yeah Lukshon the girl unit would be now
Larry dr. John mrs. Birrell are there
some excuse honest state crews a living
you know it could six I mean you know
Allah he can just say Bouchard a couple
eight muse and piranhas ology
devilishness moved on and farted believe
is really the Sharks Larry DG groomer
after that I choked your premier hug
just a few blocks down the street we
bumped into a local resident who taken
the government up on their deal to
purchase one of the new houses in the
area yet to contradict you still pin
their boss refused aluminum hair eye
shape a person is under Hawk nation
accessible that has very little noodle
Shin the border
almost after talking to people on the
ground it became clear that the issue
here was not just about losing her home
but far more importantly being stripped
of your honor and dignity at the same
time it was this that fueled the fear
and aggression amongst the dhk PC
as made a first-world around we wanted
to see how the anger within the group
would play out during a day of
orchestrated mass protests including
dozens of other disgruntled political
factions at 7:30 a.m. in sheesh Lee an
area of Central Istanbul just a stone
throw away from Taksim Square where
planned to meet members of the dhk PC
here unfortunately they were nowhere to
be found
together people are really angry because
they can't get work finally we managed
to find a hole in one of the dozens of
police blockades allowing us to etch one
step closer to Taksim Square
but before I could run away with the
group police arrived and fighting broke
out no the helicopter is coming
suddenly the guys from the vhk PC showed
up and it was clear they were raring to
get at it with the police there mr.
Schmidt ugliest Eli Sapir
total chemist own life it's candy
just as we thought we found a way onto
Taksim Square we found ourselves in
front of yet another police blockade can
you talk to me although the police
weren't interested in talking to us they
did let us pass and we could finally
make our way onto the square
unsurprisingly it was too cert it say
for several police units sitting in the
Sun and impressed they weren't welcome
nobody can go to justice our chances of
ever finding our group again were
quickly evaporating we got a call that
fights were breaking out and not made on
it where the HK BC fighters were engaged
in a Street battle with the police they
don't want to bring us there exactly two
of my 10 across this is the neighborhood
where they burn the cars so what we can
get close to it okay
we have so nice so strong primary
ministers we like you so much
only not protesters I don't know why and
we have we have real democracy now we
are together to endless by a pentagram
for ever and ever
we don't afraid now because we have mr.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan is ready for us
thank and of marinus they have got a
pocket full of Molotov cocktails with
them now they're moving you do mr.
Kazama
we are the wash namaz maybe Zimmer's
Imam it has done a bit much
no no - listen where they have practiced
little players there because when you
throw the cheer gas stream into the fire
and burns how was it successful today
Banja Michelle living in Roma he wisdom
use them just a solution of optimism
option below in the politician in the
aerial devotion see someone BB missile
are you music they make a bascially in
anger embarrassed armored vehicles
against Molotov cocktails is an uneven
battle in anyone's book but what seems
to keep this fighter life as the dhk pcs
unwavering belief in their family
neighborhoods and a hatred of the
government threatening to destroy us the
question that remains is how long can
this continue and will evict her they
emerge three weeks after I left the city
the streets of Istanbul were filled once
again with protesters angry at advanced
crisis politics in the soma mining
disaster inevitably the police stepped
in and two people lost their lives
oh man that'd be my city body net
between some coyote occasional Maserati
silk made an alcohol mercenary neither
ricochet cotton linen and paradise
whistling at the Merman Alucard in there
our Tea Party policies canceled donation
is a after the clock must resume usually
name is a stocks in a visual English
language sujatmi limits do noir de
Bougainville the yarn dollar Jacques
which are direct on you measures
you
