it's thursday august seven and here's
some of news beyond the headlines an
argentine grandmother who made it her
life's mission to find the country
stolen children has finally found her
own grandson Estela de Carlotta formed
the grandmothers of Plaza de Mayo to
reunite biological parents of children
born in the prisons and torture centers
of Argentina's so-called dirty war of
the 1970s the military dictatorship
snatched hundreds of babies from r
opponents and gave them to sympathizers
to Peron Carlotta's grandson asked for
DNA testing because he had doubts about
his identity his mother Laura was a
student activist when she was executed
two months after giving birth in August
1978 Costa Rican police have arrested
two alleged drug traffickers carrying
more than a million dollars stuffed in
the spare tires of the truck they were
driving authorities nabbed the
father-son duo on the border with
Nicaragua the Sun the Villa Martinez is
wanted in our Salvador accused of
carrying some 280 pounds of cocaine he
won't thank anyone visiting Saddam
Hussein's gravesite to pay tribute to
the former Iraqi president will now go
with the knowledge that he isn't buried
there anymore Sunni tribal allies of the
executed leader have confirmed they
exhumed and reburied his corpse eight
months ago after Shiite militia men
broke into the family plot smashed some
of the things inside and set the area on
fire sedan was hanged in 2006 after
being convicted of crimes against
humanity for the killing of 148 she I
villagers after a failed assassination
attempt almost 25 years earlier
well today is the end of a ten-year
journey through the solar system the
European Space Agency says it's opened a
new chapter in space exploration after
its Rosetta spacecraft became the first
ever to orbit a comet the mission set
off in 2004 and has traveled four
billion miles to catch up to the comment
which measures two miles long and two
and a half miles wide in the next few
months Rosetta will inch closer to the
comet before aiming for another
benchmark reaching its surface check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world we're at war you
can't have partial mobilization let's
have full mobilization let's get it over
with that means taking every military
resource you have and bringing it to
bear on the field of battle and I think
it's not 20,000 soldiers when you need
probably 50 or 60,000 soldiers
