well yeah I stay on of my peers move
ahead
this is a Ukrainian position by
debaltsevo it's right between Donetsk
over that way and Lugansk over that way
and if they're able to push further
south and meet another Ukrainian
military formation heading north
they'd have hit two birds with one stone
because they'll both cut the two cities
held by the separatists off from each
other but they'll also have reclaimed
the Malaysian Airlines flight this is
the boss over in the nuts region it's on
the road between the city of Donetsk and
the city of Lugansk which are the two
biggest cities that the separatists
still hold it seems like the Ukrainian
army is trying to come through this area
in order to split the two cities apart
from each other so that they can
surround the Nats and lay siege to it so
far they've only made it as far south is
here and there's still quite a bit of
territory for them to cleave through
before they can achieve that goal
take 99
this town is just the latest in about a
half a dozen cities and towns that the
Ukrainian military has been able to
recapture from the russia-backed rebels
but it's come at a high cost both in
terms of civilian lives and in terms of
the lives of the Ukrainian military has
been moved over to Israel a putana
Chavez pedestal fishroom
distinction is for that we wish you a
winner in a machine
this is a column of refugees that
stopped here for a pit stop all of the
cars have signs on them that say
children so as the ukrainian army is
heading south
right here Castellanos move ahead Lily
products this time with a new slant but
most of simplicity about what they need
hurry sahajiya potential cactus rocks
for another specific religious language
still motilal nehru by Giovanni week
Madame de la Rey de la Rey de la Rey de
la dynamo horrible rotten meat
thoroughly carotid namah Shiva namah
Shiva like I swore at the Torah which
were three situated Adamo
of us to be situated his nose nice tight
 data that I suggest we needed
chassis America ask Erica was originally
shot
mumu illness was a vitamin a more honest
- sherrilyn
